
 

1 

 



 

 

 

 

Healthway Medical Corporation Limited 

 

 

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore) 

(Company Registration Number: 200708625C) 

 

Sustainability Report 2019 




 

2 

 



Contents 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT .............................................................................................................................. 3 

BOARD STATEMENT ............................................................................................................................... 4 

CORPORATE PROFILE.............................................................................................................................. 6 

GROUP STRUCTURE ................................................................................................................................ 7 

SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT .............................................................................................................. 8 

COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT ................................................................................................................. 8 

MEMBERSHIP OF ASSOCIATIONS AND CERTIFICATES ......................................................................... 11 

GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE AND SUSTAINABILITY .............................................................................. 13 

WHISTLE-BLOWING POLICY ................................................................................................................. 14 

INTERESTED PERSON TRANSACTIONS ................................................................................................. 14 

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH ................................................................................................................ 14 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT ............................................................................................................. 15 

MATERIALITY ........................................................................................................................................ 16 

ANTI-CORRUPTION ............................................................................................................................... 17 

MEDICAL WASTE AND EFFLUENTS ....................................................................................................... 18 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION ................................................................................................................. 19 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY................................................................................................ 20 

CUSTOMER PRIVACY ............................................................................................................................ 22 

GRI CONTENT INDEX .......................................................................................................................... 255 

 

 


 

3 

 



ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

Healthway Medical Corporation Limited (“Healthway Medical” or the “Company” and together with 

its subsidiaries, the “Group” or “we” or “us” or “our”), continues to discuss and explore our Group’s 

achievements and performance towards Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) issues 

through our third sustainability report (the “report” or “SR”). 

This report has been prepared in compliance with Rules 711A and 711B of the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B and in accordance with the Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards (2018) – Core Option. We have chosen GRI Sustainability 

Reporting Standards for its comprehensive guidelines in reporting sustainability matters, and we have 

applied its principles of accuracy, balance, clarity, comparability, reliability, and timeliness to put 

together a comprehensive report.  

We have not sought external assurance for this sustainability report. 

 

 

 

 

Report Period and Scope





•This report covers 

data and 

information from 1 

January 2019 to 31 

December 2019 

(“FY2019”) across 

2 divisions in 

Singapore: Primary 

Healthcare Division 

and Specialist 

Healthcare 

Division.





Reporting Boundaries and Standards





•We have applied 

the following 

principles when 

preparing this 

report:

•Stakeholder 

Inclusiveness 

•Sustainability 

Context

•Materiality

•Completeness





Accessibility and Feedback





•We welcome your 

feedback and for 

any queries or 

suggestions in 

relation to this SR, 

you may reach us 

at http://www. 

healthwaymedical. 

com






 

4 

 



BOARD STATEMENT 

 

The Board of Healthway Medical is pleased to present our third sustainability report describing our 

sustainability performance for FY2019. This report sets out our sustainability principles and initiatives 

that we have put in place to align our operations with our stakeholder’s expectations in the areas of 

environment, social responsibilities and governance. 

Moving into 2020, there is an increased focus on expanding healthcare capacity, improving the quality 

of healthcare, and ensuring the affordability of healthcare services. With the outbreak of COVID-19 in 

December 2019, authorities in Singapore has imposed strict measures to curtail the spread of the virus, 

including heightened safe distancing measures and the suspension of activities at most workplace 

premises, as well as reinforced the critical complementary relationship between public and private 

healthcare providers like us. Due to the escalation in COVID-19 cases in April and May 2020, there is a 

continued and even greater need for private healthcare providers like Healthway Medical to support 

the public healthcare system by continuing to tend to the various healthcare needs of the community. 

The capacity of the national healthcare infrastructure will continue to be under strain as government 

hospitals and medical facilities have had to scale up significantly in order to cope with the additional 

COVID-19 and related cases, on top of the typical patient load. With our island-wide network of clinics 

under the Public Health Preparedness Clinic scheme, Healthway Medical remains fully committed to 

serving the immediate needs of the community and playing our part to support the public healthcare 

system.  

Throughout the COVID-19 “circuit breaker” period, our Group has also enhanced our services and 

introduced initiatives to better serve the needs of our patients. This includes the implementation of 

teleconsultations at our General Practitioner (“GP”) and Specialists Clinics, as well as doorstop 

deliveries of medication for patients with chronic illnesses. These services are expected to continue 

even after the easing of the “circuit breaker” measures, as the nation collectively fights against COVID-

19 and remains vigilant by adopting new habits and practices to mitigate infection risks. Our facilities 

also continue to serve our patients’ healthcare needs by remaining available for essential medical 

services, including the management of chronic illnesses, immunisations, surgeries as well as for 

medication refills. 

With the expanded Community Health Assist Scheme (CHAS) that was mentioned in Singapore Budget 

2019 and the Merdeka Generation Package fully rolled out in November 2019, Singaporeans are 

increasingly able to access a vast number of clinics at affordable prices. As healthcare becomes more 

affordable to a wider range of Singaporeans, the volume of patients seeing GPs is set to increase. This 

rising demand is in line with the upgrading of our services to better serve our patients. We have 

completed the refurbishment works on our clinics, ensuring that we are better equipped to provide 

high quality healthcare services to a larger number of patients. Preventive healthcare will also 

continue to play a critical role in mitigating the early onset of chronic conditions. As such, we are 

committed to the continued enhancement and optimisation of our network of clinics and screening 

centres to prepare and cater to the evolving healthcare needs of the community.  

 


 

5 

 



BOARD STATEMENT (CONT’D) 

 

As we continue to build on our reputation as one of Singapore’s leading healthcare providers, we 

remain committed to proactively and continually reviewing our business operations, with the goal of 

building resilience for the long-term to deliver sustainable value to our shareholders  

In addition, we acknowledge the importance of sustainable development and sustainability issues are 

part of our consideration in strategic formulation and our Board maintains its role as part of the 

thought process in determining the material Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) factors 

and continues to oversee the management on the monitoring of material ESG factors. 

With this report, we hope our key stakeholders will better understand our priorities behind each 

approach and gain insights to how our business decisions contribute to sustainability in the long run. 

We would also like to thank our stakeholders for their continued support and trust as we continue our 

sustainability journey. 

 


 

6 

 



CORPORATE PROFILE 

 

 

 

The types of services we provide are indicated below. 

 

 

 





A Healthier Asia





To be Asia's leading healthcare provider that is trusted, 

service-oriented and technology empowered





From our beginnings in 1990 in primary healthcare, the Group has grown to become a

respected medical group in Singapore. With 91 clinics and medical centres, the Group

has a wide network of medical centres and clinics with comprehensive services

including GP &amp; family medicine clinics, health screening, adult specialists, baby &amp; child

specialists, dental services and allied healthcare services. These facilities are in most

parts of Singapore, including many major private hospitals.





Primary Healthcare Division:

62 General Practitioner (GP) 

and Dental Clinics providing the 

services below:

- Family Medicine

- Health Screening

- Dental

- Japanese Medical



Specialists Division:

To provide specialist expertise 

in the following disciplines:

1. Baby and Child

2. Child Development

3. Women's Health

4. Orthopaedics

5. Heart (Cardiology)

6. Ear, Nose &amp; Throat 

(Otorhinolaryngology) 

7. Eye and Vision 

(Ophthalmology)

8. Colorectal and General 

Surgery

9. Digestive Health 

(Gastroenterology and 

Hepatology)

10. Psychiatry



Allied Healthcare:

Our allied healthcare providers 

offers assessments and 

therapeutic intervention 

through psychology and 

services for adults and children 

to complement our specialists.


 

7 

 



GROUP STRUCTURE* 

 

 

 

 

 



Healthway Medical 

Corporation Limited



Healthyway Medical Group Pte 

Ltd



Healthway Medical Enterprises 

Pte Ltd



Unimedic Pte. Ltd.



Silver Cross Healthcare Pte Ltd



Island Orthopaedic 

Consultants Pte Ltd



SBCC Clinc Pte Ltd



SBCC Women's Clinic Pte. Ltd.



Healthway Dental Pte. Ltd.



Vista Medicare Pte. Ltd.



China Healthway Pte. Ltd.



Crane Medical Pte. Ltd



Kang Wei Investment 

Consultancy (Shanghai) Co., 

Ltd.



China Unimedic Pte. Ltd.

*Group Structure as at 31 December 2019 

 


 

8 

 



SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT 

 

Engaging responsible partners remains as one of our targeted area of improvement when integrating 

a sustainable supply chain into our operations. Our suppliers provide us with key clinical materials 

such as medical supplies including drugs and medicines, medical equipment, as well as consumables 

such as medical gloves. Hence, we strive to hold our suppliers to the same ethical principles to which 

we hold ourselves and aim to work with suppliers that behave in an economically, environmentally, 

and socially responsible way. Our suppliers have undergone the Group’s stringent selection and 

evaluation criteria on a periodic basis to ensure that their performance align with the internal criteria 

established, such as service excellence, consistency, and timeliness of delivery. We also ensure that 

all suppliers are registered with relevant local regulatory body for the sale of health products.  

We maintained an estimated number of 130 core suppliers in FY2019. Furthermore, College of 

American Pathologists (CAP) accreditation was obtained by two of our suppliers providing laboratory 

services and we are pleased to share in FY2019, an additional supplier has been recognised with Good 

Distribution Practices Certifications issued by the Health Sciences Authority. 

We target to conduct supplier performance evaluation on all suppliers with a total annual purchase 

value of S$100,000 and above, which accounts for 75% of all of the Group’s drug purchases for the 

financial year ending 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”). The evaluation will allow us to decrease 

purchases from underperforming suppliers by assessing these major suppliers against our evaluation 

criteria.  

 

EXTERNAL INITIATIVES 

 

COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT 

Community care is becoming an increasingly important aspect of healthcare, and the centrepiece of 

healthcare is steadily moving away from acute hospitals and towards community hospitals, nursing 

homes, and other healthcare facilities such as GPs. The Healthcare 2020 Masterplan that was first 

launched by the Ministry of Health of Singapore in 2012 aimed to add more than 6,600 places in 

community care, home care, and palliative care to address the growing demand for primary care 

services within our communities.  

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting need for social distancing, we have postponed most 

plans for Community Involvement for FY2020, except for Community Care Day 2020 at Kwong Wai 

Shiu Hospital which is currently targeted to be held on 3 October 2020.   

In line with targets set in the sustainability report for the financial year ended 31 December 2018 

(“SR2018”), we have conducted the following public health talks and seminar, as well as free health 

screenings in FY2019: 

 

 


 

9 

 



EXTERNAL INITIATIVES (CONT’D) 

 

COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT (CONT’D) 

Kwong Wai Shiu Community Care Day

On 30 March 2019, Kwong Wai Shiu organised 

their annual Community Care Day which aimed 

to reach out to the community at large and 

broaden their support to the community. The 

programme includes free health screenings 

and around 800 residents within the area 

participated in this meaningful occasion. 

Healthway Medical provided free blood 

pressure measurements, hypocounts and 

podiatry consultations to 120 participants in 

the clinic located in the Kwong Wai Shiu 

hospital. 

 

PA Health Talks at Tampines Hub 

Healthway Medical doctors Dr Ooi Lai Hock 

and Dr Teo Cheng Rong spoke to residents at 

Tampines Hub on 23 February, addressing 

common health issues that senior citizens face. 

Dr Ooi Lai Hock, Consultant Orthopaedic 

Surgeon at Island Orthopaedic, spoke about 

knee pain and osteoarthritis, and how doctors 

can help with these problems. 

Dr Teo Cheng Rong, General Practitioner at 

Healthway Medical (Limbang), talked about 

the Big Three – diabetes, high blood pressure, 

and high cholesterol. 

The talk was attended by 60 residents, mostly 

senior citizens, who were eager to hear about 

these medical conditions and have their 

questions answered. 

 

 

 

 










 

10 

 



EXTERNAL INITIATIVES (CONT’D) 

 

COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT (CONT’D) 

PA Health Talks at Kembangan Chai-Chee 

Healthway Medical was part of Embracing 

Parenthood @ Kembangan-Chai Chee event on 

Sunday, 15 September. Dr Chua Chong Bing 

from Healthway Medical (Lengkong Tiga) 

talked to parents about influenza, and our 

team offered free flu vaccinations sign ups to 

the attendees. There were 50 attendees at the 

event. 

 

Punggol North Family Carnival 

Healthway Medical was also part of the 

Punggol North Family Carnival on 3 November 

2019. Dr Jeremy Koh gave a short talk to 

educate seniors about immunisations, and our 

friendly staff were on site to answer questions 

about the new CHAS benefits that residents 

can enjoy at our clinics.  

Start Right, Start Bright!

Start Right, Start Bright was SBCC’s very first 

public seminar, held on 6 July 2019 at the NTUC 

Stephen Riady Auditorium. There were four 

speakers from SBCC Baby and Child Clinic, and 

SBCC Child Development, speaking on topics 

related to early childhood development and 

optimising potential. There were about 60 

attendees at the event. 

 

Dr Nancy Tan spoke on the topic of 

Nutrition 

– Nutrition 

in 

Childhood: 

Optimal Nutrition Practices and Common 

Problems 

 

Dr Jenny Tang addressed parents on Sleep 

– Sleep in Childhood: Optimising Growth, 

School and Play  

 

Speech Therapist talked about Speech and 

Language Development – Language in 

Childhood: Facilitating Communication 

 

Dr Wendy Liew spoke about Child 

Development 

– Early 

Childhood 

Development: Optimising Your Child’s 

Potential










 

11 

 



 

 

 

 

EXTERNAL INITIATIVES (CONT’D) 

 

COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT (CONT’D) 

Start Right, Start Bright! (Cont’d)

 

 

 

MEMBERSHIP OF ASSOCIATIONS AND CERTIFICATES  

 

Yellow Fever Vaccination accreditation allows our patients to be able to access compulsory 

vaccinations should they decide to travel to countries which require yellow fever vaccination while 

MBS@GOV is a portal for private clinics to submit the claims for the Government’s share of the 

medical bills incurred by civil servants, pensioners and their dependants at the clinics. Civil servants, 

pensioners and their dependants only need to pay their share of the medical bills at our clinics with 

MBS@Gov accreditation. 

 









47 clinics with CHAS 

accreditation



47 clinics with 

Medisave 

accreditations



47 clinics that 

obtained Public 

Health Preparedness 

Clinic (PHPC)



7 clinics with Yellow 

Fever accreditations



47 clinics with 

MBS@GOV 

accreditation 


 

12 

 



EXTERNAL INITIATIVES (CONT’D) 

 

MEMBERSHIP OF ASSOCIATIONS AND CERTIFICATES (CONT’D) 

As part of the Public Health Preparedness Clinic (PHPC) scheme, our clinics are supporting and easing 

the patient load of government hospitals and medical facilities by serving the primary healthcare 

needs of Singaporeans and providing response to public health emergencies during this COVID-19 

pandemic. We remain fully committed to support the public healthcare system as Singapore tries to 

overcome this pandemic.  

As of November 2019, the Community Health Assist Scheme (CHAS) has been expanded to make 

healthcare affordable for all Singaporeans. The new CHAS green tier covers chronic conditions for all 

Singaporeans, regardless of income. Subsidies for chronic conditions has increased overall for all CHAS 

tiers as well. In addition, as Singapore’s population continues to age, it is vital for healthcare services 

to be made accessible for the silver generation. The Merdeka Generation Package aims to achieve this 

by affording special subsidies for medical and dental care for Singaporeans aged 60 and above who 

are not currently covered under the Pioneer package. 

 


 

13 

 



GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE AND SUSTAINABILITY 

 

Our Board is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance to ensure greater 

transparency and to protect the interests of our stakeholders. Our Board is responsible for the overall 

management of the business and corporate affairs of the Group. It sets goals, reviews and advises on 

overall strategies and directions, oversees the effectiveness of the management of the Company and 

assumes responsibilities for overall corporate governance of the Group to ensure the Group’s 

strategies are in the best interests of the Company and its stakeholders. The Company has also put in 

place various policies and practices that will safeguard the interests of stakeholders and enhance 

stakeholders’ value as part of our effort to maintain high standards of corporate governance. 

 

Details of our Board members and respective committees as at 31 December 2019 and the date of 

this report1 are as follows: 

 

 

 

 

 

1 Abram Melkyzedeck Suhardiman had been re-designated from Chief Operating Officer to Deputy Chief 

Executive Officer on 10 February 2020 





Board of Directors: 

 

Sin Boon Ann (Independent Chairman) 

 

Dr Stephen Riady (Non-Independent Non-Executive Director) 

 

Anand Kumar (Non-Independent Non-Executive Director) 

 

Abram Melkyzedeck Suhardiman (Executive Director and Deputy Chief Executive Officer) 

 

Chen Yeow Sin (Lead Independent Director) 

 

Lin Weiwen, Moses (Independent Director) 



Audit and Risk 

Committee: 

 

Chen Yeow Sin 

(Chairman) 

 

Sin Boon Ann 

 

Lin Weiwen, 

Moses 



Nominating 

Committee: 

 

Chen Yeow Sin 

(Chairman) 

 

Sin Boon Ann 

 

Lin Weiwen, 

Moses 



Remuneration 

Committee: 

 

Lin Weiwen, 

Moses 

(Chairman) 

 

Sin Boon Ann 

 

Chen Yeow Sin 



Advisory Board: 

 

Mr Tan Chuan Jin (Chairman) 

 

Dr Lily Neo  

 

Professor Bernard Yeung  


 

14 

 



 GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE AND SUSTAINABILITY (CONT’D) 

 

Our Group has put in place various policies and practices that will safeguard the interests of 

stakeholders and enhance stakeholders’ value as part of our effort to maintain high standards of 

corporate governance. 

 

 

WHISTLE-BLOWING POLICY 

 

In line with our commitment to the highest standards of corporate governance and professionalism, 

the Audit and Risk Committee (“ARC”) has in place a whistle-blowing policy. The policy enables 

employees of the Group and external parties, which includes the Group’s business associates, a 

channel to report any suspicions of non-compliance with regulations, policies, and fraud to the 

appropriate authority for resolution, without any prejudicial implications for these employees. 

Reports of suspected fraud, corruption, dishonest practices or other similar matters can be lodged via 

email to Mr Chen Yeow Sin, the ARC Chairman, at whistleblow@healthwaymedical.com. Once a report 

has been received, independent investigation of such matters will be conducted, and follow-up actions 

will be taken if necessary. 

 

 

INTERESTED PERSON TRANSACTIONS 

 

The Company has in place an internal policy which sets out the procedures for review and approval of 

any interested person transaction. 

All interested person transactions are documented and submitted periodically to the ARC for their 

review to ensure that such transactions are carried out on an arm’s length basis and on normal 

commercial terms and are not prejudicial to the Group. 

All reportable transactions are announced on SGX website and through the annual report accordingly 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

 

We strive to keep the impact of our operations on our environment to a minimum and seek to 

continually improve the economic and social well-being of our stakeholders by incorporating key 

sustainability issues and principles within our business operations. We also aim to inject new 

perspectives in managing and overseeing our key ESG factors as we embark on our sustainability 

journey. We continued our efforts in reducing our carbon footprints through utilising the most energy 

efficient air-conditioners, which are awarded five ticks under the Mandatory Energy Labelling Scheme. 

We also use LED light bulbs instead of traditional light bulbs to increase energy efficiency. Other 

sustainability efforts include sourcing for environmental-friendly suppliers, reducing any greenhouse 

gas emissions, and utilising recycled materials wherever possible.  

 

We aim to consistently enhance our approach in the communication and management of ESG factors 

arising from our business operations and build on integrating sustainability effort into our operations. 


 

15 

 



We also target to reduce electricity consumption of the Group by 3%, measured in kWh with FY2019 

as base year, in FY2020.  

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT  

 

Our stakeholders play an important role in our business, hence we aim to continue engaging our 

stakeholders actively so we can be more responsive to any obstacles we may face. We also seek to 

continually improve the economic and social well-being of our stakeholders by incorporating key 

sustainability issues and principles within our business operations.  

 

Stakeholder 

Methods of Engagement 

Stakeholder Expectations and 

Goal Alignment 

Patients 

 Direct feedback during 

consultations 

 Telephone calls  

 Website feedback form 

 Email feedback  

We would continue to put our 

emphasis on our patients, we 

aim to ensure that they are 

able to obtain better 

healthcare services with 

greater ease. 

 

Suppliers  

 Periodic supplier 

assessments 

 Feedback through meetings, 

emails and phone calls 

 

To maintain service excellence 

and transfer value from our 

suppliers to our patients, we 

would constantly 

communicate with our 

suppliers to ensure quality 

and efficiency. 

Employees 

 

 

 Induction and orientation 

programmes 

 Training 

 Internal memos and emails 

 

To maintain a safe, fair and 

equal working environment 

while promoting personal 

development. 

Investors 

 Strategic meetings to discuss 

on long term growth and 

innovation strategy  

 Annual general meetings 

 Extraordinary general 

meetings 

 

To continue to obtain 

efficiency thus creating long 

term value and provide a 

blueprint of sustainable profit 

growth while maintaining our 

balanced capital allocation.  

Government and Regulators 

 Discussions with government 

agencies and departments 

To continue to engage 

governments and policy 

makers through our public 

policy teams, at agency and 

legislative levels to allow a 

better understanding of 

government initiatives and 

plans and achieve national 

health objectives. 


 

16 

 



MATERIALITY 

 

In this report, we will continue to track our progress and goals set in SR2018 based on the factors 

identified previously after engaging with our stakeholders. The following material topics identified in 

FY2018 continue to remain relevant in FY2019.  

 

We have reviewed the material topics individually and ranked them based on an assessment of the 

economic, environmental and social impacts the topic has on our Group’s business, as well as the 

degree of influence they have on our stakeholders’ assessments and decisions for FY2019. The higher 

the ranking (from a scale of 0 – 5) on x-axis, the higher the impact the material topic has on the 

aforementioned aspects of our Group’s business. Similarly, a high ranking on the y-axis represents 

management’s view that the material topic has significant influence in management’s business 

decisions and strategies. The following Materiality Matrix summarises our list of relevant sustainability 

topics and their respective ranking results.  

 



1. Anti- Corruption





2. Medical Waste and Effluents





3. Training and Education





4. Diversity and Equal Opportunity







5. Customer Privacy



0

1

2

3

4

5

0

1

2

3

4

5

Influence on stakeholders 

assessments and decisions

Signifiance of economic, environmental and social impacts

Anti-Corruption

Medical Waste and Effluents

Training and Education

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

Customer Privacy


 

17 

 



ANTI-CORRUPTION  

 

Anti-corruption remains a key component of our Group and we maintain a strict stance against 

corruption, dishonesty and fraud. In FY2019, we continue to manage our Group’s exposure to 

corruption risks by applying and emphasising good corporate governance, business ethics and 

transparency while designing robust internal controls in business processes as our core approach. The 

ARC will commission investigations into matters of suspected fraud or irregularity, or failure of internal 

controls or infringement of any laws, rules or regulations, and to review the findings thereof. In line 

with our commitment towards the highest standards of corporate governance and code of conduct, 

our Group has in place the following policies:  

 

These policies are made accessible and communicated to all our staff to educate them on the 

importance and necessity of good corporate governance and code of conduct. To complement the 

anti-corruption practices in place, we have implemented internal questionnaires in our whistleblowing 

policy as a form of training to ensure that our staff are aware of anti-corruption practices and policies.   

We are pleased to report that we did not have any confirmed incidents of corruption and wrongdoings 

for FY2019 as targeted in SR2018. 

Target for subsequent reporting: 

We will continue to maintain zero confirmed incidents of corruption in FY2020. 

 

 

Whistle-blowing



•As mentioned on 

page 10 of this SR, 

employees of the 

Group and external 

parties may in 

confidence, raise 

concerns about 

possible improper 

financial reporting or 

other matters to Mr 

Chen Yeow Sin, the 

ARC Chairman, at 

whistleblow@ 

healthwaymedical 

.com

Interested Person 

Transactions



•All interested person 

transactions will be 

documented and 

submitted 

periodically to the 

ARC for their review 

to ensure that such 

transactions are 

carried out on an 

arm’s length basis 

and on normal 

commercial terms 

and are not 

prejudicial to the 

Group.

Corporate Gifts



•An employee should 

report to his or her 

immediate 

supervisor if he or 

she is offered any 

inducement or 

gratification.

•In cases where it 

may be discourteous 

not to accept the 

Gift, the recipient 

must then declare by 

completing the 

“Declaration of Gift 

Received" form.

Conflict of Interest



•All employees are to 

declare any instance 

of conflict of interest 

upon joining the 

Company.

•Thereafter, all 

employees are to 

declare any instance 

of conflict of interest 

in the half-yearly 

declaration exercise.


 

18 

 



MEDICAL WASTE AND EFFLUENTS 

 

The details of the disposal procedures can be observed in our first sustainability report and a summary 

of the types of medical waste handled by the Group is summarised in the table below: 

Type of pharmaceutical waste 

General Pharmaceutical Waste 

Special Pharmaceutical Waste 

- 

Pharmaceutical products such as vitamins, over 

the 

counter 

medications, 

and 

most 

prescription-only medications such as anti-

hypertensive, anti-diabetics etc. 

- 

Anti-infective, 

vaccines 

and 

other 

immunological products 

 

- 

Antineoplastic drugs 

- 

Controlled drugs 

- 

Pharmaceutical products and medical 

devices containing heavy metals 

 

As we continue to commit our efforts in ensuring that we handle the medical waste in a safe and 

sustainable manner, we continuously assess our suppliers for external medical waste handling services 

on an ad-hoc basis to ensure that the suppliers’ performance is in line with our expectations. Part of 

our assessment of external suppliers is to ensure suppliers are on NEA's approved list of medical waste 

contractors. We are pleased to share that there was no change in our suppliers for external medical 

waste handling services in FY2019, as our vendors have continued to perform and deliver service that 

is in line with our expectations and criteria.  

 

We ensure that our staff are trained and qualified to identify the different types of pharmaceutical 

waste to facilitate the appropriate disposal to comply with the relevant medical regulations. Our staff 

are also reminded on the proper disposal methods via emails and clinic supervisors' meeting by our 

pharmacist.  

 

In FY2019, there has been an increase in the quantitative costs as well as amount of waste disposed 

due to the increase in patient volume, as seen in the table below. However, cost per litre of waste 

disposed has decreased from FY2018 to FY2019. 

Year 

FY2019 

FY2018 

Quantitative costs of medical waste disposed 

S$26,740 

S$22,505 

Amount of waste disposed 

7,058 litres 

5,800 litres 

Cost per litre of waste disposed 

S$3.79 

S$3.88 

 

Target for subsequent reporting: 

Moving forward, we will continue to monitor the efficiency of medical waste disposal and look for 

more sustainable alternatives. We also aim to achieve more efficient disposal of medical waste by 

reducing costs per litre of waste disposed while ensuring that our suppliers continue to perform and 

deliver services that are in line with our expectations and criteria.  

 

 


 

19 

 



TRAINING AND EDUCATION  

 

In FY2019, we continue to deploy our efforts in ensuring that our employees are up to date with their 

technical knowledge and staying abreast of the latest medical trends and issues. Our staff took part in 

a total of 19 trainings and sharing conventions in FY2019 which amounted to S$64,700 in training costs, 

with more than 2620 hours of training recorded for 88 eligible staff (training costs in FY2018 were 

S$38,342 with more than 804 hours of training recorded). These trainings include analytic skills in 

relevant fields as well as technical trainings and knowledge sharing conventions and exhibitions. 

Examples of such trainings include Food Allergy &amp; Allergic Gastrointestinal Disease, Family Therapy 

Masterclass, Imaging and Electrophysiology 2019, and Personal Data Protection Act training. The 

increase in training costs and hours was in line with our FY2018 target to set aside resources for 

training and development of our staff. The increase is also reflected in the table below showing the 

average staff training hours by employee category and gender. 

In addition to skills development fund, we also utilise Skills Future funds to complement our human 

resource policy benefits and provide additional subsidy to staff who requires it. For statistics on 

FY2019 and FY2018 staff training and education, please see the tables below. 

Average staff training hours in the year for all eligible staff 

By gender 

FY2019 

FY2018 

(In hours) per employee 

Male 

9 

9 

Female 

13 

15 

By employee category 

Management and above 

8 

8 

Executives 

6 

10 

General staff 

18 

14 

 

Percentage of total employees receiving periodic performance review 

By employee category 

FY2019 

FY2018 

Percentage of total employees 

Management and above 

1% 

6% 

Executives 

15% 

29% 

General staff 

84% 

65% 

 

Target for subsequent reporting: 

We target to introduce training courses, such as interviewing techniques and grievance handling, to 

staff with a supervisory role and there will be a shift in the mode of staff training from the traditional 

classroom training to online/bite-size training. We also plan to implement internal online training 

courses for customer service to our frontline staff. 

 


 

20 

 



DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

 

The Company has put in place a Board Diversity Policy which provides that, in reviewing the Board 

composition, the Nominating Committee will consider the benefit of all aspects of diversity, including 

diversity of skills, experiences, gender, age, ethnicity and other relevant factors. The Company has 

embraced all aspects of diversity in the current Board composition save for gender diversity. The Board 

recognises the importance and value of diversity and strongly believes in the inherent strength of a 

vibrant, diverse and inclusive workforce where the perspectives, backgrounds and life experiences of 

our people help us to forge strong connections with all our customers, inspirationally lead and 

creatively innovate, thereby making better decisions for our business.  

The Group’s recruitment of employees is based solely on merit, without discrimination of race, age, 

gender, religion or ethnicity. Promotion is based strictly on merits and performance and we are also 

committed to ensuring an equitable remuneration structure and benefits to our employees that has 

no gender bias.  

We embrace diversity and, at the same time, expect employees to be aligned with the Group’s vision 

and strategic initiatives. Whilst we expect our employees to constantly challenge and improve 

themselves, we also require them to treat others equally, honestly, and with respect.  

During FY2019, there were no incidents of discrimination reported within our Group. Statistics for 

FY2019 and FY2018 regarding diversity and equal opportunity are indicated below. 

 

Age group of employees and gender population in our Group 

Year 

FY2019 

FY2018 

FY2019 

FY2018 

FY2019 

FY2018 

Age 

&lt;30 years old 

30 – 50 years old 

&gt;50 years old 

By employee category 

147 staff 

170 staff 

263 staff 

265 staff 

123 staff 

115 staff 

Management and above 

- 

- 

0.94% 

0.5% 

0.94% 

0.2% 

Executives 

7.88% 

6.5% 

15.94% 

21.6% 

6.38% 

6.2% 

General staff 

19.7% 

24.5% 

32.46% 

26.0% 

15.76% 

14.5% 

By gender 

Percentage of Male 

4.13% 

4.2% 

15.57% 

16.2% 

3.19% 

3.1% 

Percentage of Female 

23.45% 

26.7% 

33.77% 

32.0% 

19.89% 

17.8% 

 

Proportion of different races in our Group 

Year 

FY2019 

FY2018 

FY2019 

FY2018 

FY2019 

FY2018 

FY2019 

FY2018 

Race 

Chinese 

Malay 

Indian 

Others 

By employee category 

Management and above 

1.31% 

0.5% 

- 

- 

0.56% 

0.4% 

- 

- 

Executives 

20.64% 

28.7% 

3.56% 

0.7% 

2.63% 

2.6% 

3.38% 

2.2% 

General staff 

45.78% 

34.7% 

6.94% 

10.4% 

7.32% 

7.8% 

7.88% 

12.0% 

By gender 

Male 

18.57% 

18.5% 

0.94% 

0.5% 

2.44% 

2.7% 

0.94% 

1.7% 

Female 

49.16% 

45.5% 

9.56% 

10.5% 

8.07% 

8.4% 

10.32% 

12.2% 

 

 


 

21 

 



DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY (CONT’D) 

 

Target for subsequent reporting: 

We target to maintain our track record of zero incidents of reported discrimination and continue to 

maintain our culture of promoting diversity and equal opportunity.  

 

 

 


 

22 

 



CUSTOMER PRIVACY 

 

Safety and security, in an increasingly digital and connected world, have become a key concern for our 

corporate clients as well as the broader patient community. Data privacy of our patients is of 

paramount importance to us. We strive to keep their information secure across our operations and 

supply chain. Our policy is to be open and transparent about how we collect, use, and disclose our 

customers’ personal data as we continue to invest in building the capacity of our internal operations 

to protect patient data and privacy.  

 

In Singapore, we conduct our business in compliance with the Personal Data Protection Act (“PDPA”), 

which covers various rules governing the collection, use, disclosure, and care of personal data. Non-

compliance with the PDPA will subject the Company to penalties and fines.  

 

Our policy sets out the definitions, general guidelines, and monitoring procedures to comply with 

PDPA. It outlines the Group’s practices in relation to the collection, storage, usage, processing, and 

disclosure of personal data. It also addresses how an individual may withdraw his consent to the use 

or disclosure of his personal data or request for access or correction to his personal data which is in 

our possession or control. We have also appointed a Data Protection Officer to handle all matters 

relating to PDPA and can be contacted at dpo@healthwaymedical.com.  

 

To increase PDPA awareness and develop SOP’s, we have engaged an external PDPA Consultant. As of 

date, they have conducted training and review sessions across the different business units to increase 

awareness on PDPA.     

 

In line with our privacy policy, promotional and marketing messages via phone calls, text messages, 

and faxes will not be sent to patients who have registered their phone numbers with the National Do 

Not Call (“DNC”) Registry except for those who had given clear and unambiguous consent to receive 

marketing messages. 

 

Furthermore, to ensure confidentiality and maintain our customer privacy, we have in place the 

following protection mechanism and security controls:  

 

 


 

23 

 



CUSTOMER PRIVACY (CONT’D) 

 

 

For hardware and in-built infrastructure, the Group has included safeguards within our Information 

Technology infrastructure with key controls as listed below: 

PC/Laptop Security 

(1) No administrator access for desktop 

(2) Encryption for laptops 

(3) Endpoint Security 

Network/Infrastructure/Servers 

(1) Firewalls 

(2) Geolocation blocking 

(3) Threat Detection 

(4) Controlled Ports 

(5) Enforced 2FA 

(6) Data encryption 






 

24 

 



CUSTOMER PRIVACY (CONT’D) 

 

We recorded 2 incidents of customer complaints in relation to PDPA in FY2019. The first complaint 

was to the Personal Data Protection Commission (“PDPC”), an external committee enforcing the PDPA. 

PDPC has followed up on the complaint and a mediation session is due in July 2020 to resolve this case. 

The second complaint was to the Ministry of Health (“MOH”). There were no issues found and no 

further action was taken, after investigations had been completed by MOH. We will continue to work 

with our staff to reduce the recurrence of such complaints. 

 

Target for subsequent reporting: 

Privacy of our corporate clients and patients continues to be of utmost importance to our Group and 

we strive to uphold the highest standards of customer data privacy protection and ensure 

compliance throughout our supply chain.  

We aim to have zero complaints and incidents by strengthening our internal controls and keeping 

ourselves updated with the latest regulatory changes to ensure the Group’s procedures are up to date. 

 

 

 


 

25 

 



GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference and 

Reasons for Omission, if 

applicable 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016 

Organisational Profile 

102-1 Name of the organisation  

Pg 1 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

Pg 6-7 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

Pg 6-7 

102-4 Location of operations 

Pg 6-7 

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

Pg 1 

102-6 Markets served 

Pg 6-7 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

Pg 6-7 

102-8 Information on employees and other workers  

Pg 19-21 

102-9 Supply chain  

Pg 8 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

Pg 8 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

Pg 14 

102-12 External initiatives 

 

Pg 8-12 

102-13 Membership of associations 

Pg 11-12 

Strategy 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

Pg 4-5 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

Pg 6 

Governance 

102-18 Governance structure 

Pg 13 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

Pg 15 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

Nil  

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Pg 15 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Pg 15 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

Pg 16 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Annual Report 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Pg 3 

102-47 List of material topics 

Pg 15 

102-48 Restatements of information 

FY2018 relevant employee 

information included  

102-49 Changes in reporting 

Nil 

102-50 Reporting period 

Pg 3 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

31 December 2018 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

Pg 3 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Pg 3 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

Pg 3 

102-55 GRI content index 

Pg 25-26 

102-56 External assurance 

Pg 3 


 

26 

 



 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference and 

Reasons for 

Omission, if 

applicable 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

Anti-corruption 

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Pg 17 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Pg 17 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Pg 17 

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 

205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

Pg 17 

205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and 

procedures  

Pg 17 

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken  

Pg 17 

Effluents and waste 

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Pg 18 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Pg 18 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Pg 18 

GRI 306: Effluents and 

waste 

 

306-1 Water discharge by quality and destination 

Not applicable 

306-2 Waste by type and disposal method 

Pg 18 

306-3 Significant spills 

Not applicable 

306-4 Transport of hazardous waste 

Pg 18 

306-5 Water bodies affected by water discharges and/or runoff 

Not applicable 

Training and Education 

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Pg 19 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Pg 19 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Pg 19 

GRI 404: Training and 

Education 

404-1 Average hour of training per year per employee 

Pg 19 

404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 

assistance programs 

Pg 19 

404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and 

career development reviews 

Pg 19 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity  

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Pg 20-21 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Pg 20-21 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Pg 20-21 

GRI 405: Diversity and 

Equal Opportunity 

405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

Pg 20-21 

405-2 Ration of basic salary and remuneration of woman to man 

Pg 20-21 

Customer Privacy 

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Pg 22-24 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Pg 22-24 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Pg 22-24 

GRI 418: Customer 

Privacy 

418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer 

privacy and losses of customer data 

Pg 22-24 

