
1 

 



 

 

 

 

Healthway Medical Corporation Limited 

 

 

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore) 

(Company Registration Number: 200708625C) 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 




2 

 



CONTENTS 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT .............................................................................................................................. 3 

BOARD STATEMENT ............................................................................................................................... 4 

CORPORATE PROFILE.............................................................................................................................. 5 

GROUP STRUCTURE ................................................................................................................................ 6 

SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT .............................................................................................................. 7 

COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT ................................................................................................................. 7 

MEMBERSHIP OF ASSOCIATIONS AND CERTIFICATES ........................................................................... 9 

GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE AND SUSTAINABILITY .............................................................................. 11 

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH ................................................................................................................ 11 

WHISTLE-BLOWING POLICY ................................................................................................................. 12 

INTERESTED PERSON TRANSACTIONS ................................................................................................. 12 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT ............................................................................................................. 13 

MATERIALITY ........................................................................................................................................ 14 

ANTI-CORRUPTION ............................................................................................................................... 15 

MEDICAL WASTE AND EFFLUENTS ....................................................................................................... 16 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION ................................................................................................................. 17 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY................................................................................................ 18 

CUSTOMER PRIVACY ............................................................................................................................ 19 

GRI CONTENT INDEX ...........................................................................................................................  22 

 

 


3 

 



ABOUT THIS REPORT 

Healthway Medical Corporation Limited (“Healthway Medical” or the “Company” and together with 

its subsidiaries, the “Group” or “we” or “us” or “our”), continues to discuss and explore our Group’s 

achievements and performance towards Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) issues 

through our fourth sustainability report (the “report” or “SR”). 

This report has been prepared in compliance with Rules 711A and 711B of the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B and in accordance with the Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards (2018) – Core Option. We have chosen GRI Sustainability 

Reporting Standards for its comprehensive guidelines in reporting sustainability matters, and we have 

applied its principles of accuracy, balance, clarity, comparability, reliability, and timeliness to put 

together a comprehensive report.  

We have not sought external assurance for this sustainability report. 

 

 

 

 

 





Report Period and Scope

This report covers data and information from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 

2020 (“FY2020”) across 2 divisions in Singapore: Primary Healthcare Division 

and Specialist Healthcare Division.









Reporting Boundaries and Standards

We have applied the following principles when preparing this report:

•Stakeholder Inclusiveness 

•Sustainability Context

•Materiality

•Completeness











Accessibility and Feedback

We welcome your feedback and for any queries or suggestions in relation to 

this SR, you may reach us at http://www. healthwaymedical. com






4 

 



BOARD STATEMENT 

The Board of Healthway Medical is pleased to present our fourth sustainability report describing our 

sustainability performance for FY2020. This report sets out our sustainability principles and initiatives 

that we have put in place to align our operations with our stakeholder’s expectations in the areas of 

environment, social responsibilities, and governance. 

COVID-19 Pandemic  

More than a year since the COVID-19 outbreak, a critical milestone has been reached with the 

approval of a number of vaccines and the consequent development of rollout policies across the 

nations.  The gradual resumption of business travel since the announcement of Phase 2 of the Circuit 

Breaker measures has re-opened travel doorways through Reciprocal Green Lane arrangements. 

However, Singapore has reverted to Phase 2 of the Circuit Breaker measures where restrictions are 

tightened, due to new clusters of infections and an increase in new community cases. 

 As Singapore moves ahead through this critical phase of battling the pandemic, Healthway Medical 

remains steadfast in our support for the nationwide efforts to encourage the uptake and 

administration of vaccines in a timely and safe manner. Pursuant to the Government contracts 

awarded, we currently manage four vaccination centres and mobile vaccination team.  We will 

continue to support the government’s range of initiatives, not only through vaccination efforts, but 

also through performing COVID-19 Polymerase Chain Reaction (“PCR”) and serology testing. 

Anticipating an increase in business and individual travel, a nationwide push was also initiated by the 

Ministry of Health mandating the issuance of digital pre-departure test (PDT) certificates across all 

healthcare providers. At present, Healthway Medical offers PDTs at 38 of our General Practitioner (GP) 

clinics, with digital PDT certificates issued to our patients. With our island-wide network of clinics 

under the Public Health Preparedness Clinic scheme, Healthway Medical remains fully committed to 

serving the immediate needs of the community and playing our part to support the public healthcare 

system. 

Teleconsultation Application 

We have launched our proprietary teleconsultation 

application in FY2020 to complement the services 

of our island-wide network of clinics. With the goal 

of providing our patients with the full spectrum of 

holistic services with greater convenience and 

peace of mind, the app currently houses doctors 

from both our Primary and Specialist units. 

Initiatives such as these enable an omni-channel 

and technologically-enabled approach that unifies 

our services and cater to the evolving healthcare 

needs of our patients. 

FY2021 and beyond 

Notwithstanding near-term headwinds, the 

long-term 

outlook 

for 

the 

industry 

continues to be underpinned by a growing 

aging population and the subsequent need 

for further provisions for the management 

of chronic illnesses. Moving into 2021, the 

Group will remain adaptable, prudent and 

responsive as it continues to tackle the 

largely uncharted waters of the pandemic 

while remaining focused on delivering 

sustainable value to our shareholders. 

In addition, we acknowledge the importance of sustainable development and sustainability issues are 

part of our consideration in strategic formulation and our Board maintains its role as part of the 

thought process in determining the material Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) factors 

and oversees the management on the monitoring of material ESG factors. We would also like to thank 

our stakeholders for their longstanding support and trust as we forge ahead on our sustainability 

journey. 

 


5 

 



CORPORATE PROFILE 

 

 

 

The types of services we provide are indicated below: 

 

 









A Healthier Asia 









 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

From our beginnings in 1990 in primary 

healthcare, the Group has grown to become 

a respected medical group in Singapore. 

With 89 clinics and medical centres, the 

Group has a wide network of medical centres 

and clinics with comprehensive services 

including GP &amp; family medicine clinics, health 

screening, adult specialists, baby &amp; child 

specialists, 

dental 

services 

and 

allied 

healthcare. 









 

 

 

 

To be Asia's leading healthcare 

provider that is trusted, service-

oriented and technology 

empowered 



Primary Healthcare Division: 

 

59 General Practitioner (GP) and Dental Clinics providing 

the services below: 

 

-

Family Medicine 

 

-      PCR testing 

-

Health Screening 

 

-      Vaccination Centre 

-

Dental 

-

Japanese Medical 

-

Tele-Medicine 



Allied Healthcare: 

 

Our allied healthcare providers offer assessments and 

therapeutic intervention through psychology and services 

for adults and children to complement our specialists. 



Specialists Division: 

 

To provide specialist 

expertise in the following 

disciplines: 

 

1. Baby and Child 

2. Child Development 

3. Women's Health 

4. Orthopaedics 

5. Heart (Cardiology) 

6. Ear, Nose &amp; Throat 

(Otorhinolaryngology)  

7. Colorectal and General 

Surgery 

8. Digestive Health 

(Gastroenterology and 

Hepatology) 

9. Psychiatry 








6 

 



GROUP STRUCTURE* 

 

 

 





























Healthway Medical 

Corporation Limited



Healthyway Medical 

Group Pte Ltd



Healthway Medical 

Enterprises Pte Ltd



Unimedic Pte. Ltd.



Silver Cross Healthcare Pte 

Ltd



Island Orthopaedic 

Consultants Pte Ltd



SBCC Clinc Pte Ltd



SBCC Women's Clinic Pte. 

Ltd.



Healthway Dental Pte. Ltd.



Vista Medicare Pte. Ltd.



China Healthway Pte. Ltd.



Crane Medical Pte. Ltd



Kang Wei Investment 

Consultancy (Shanghai) 

Co., Ltd.



China Unimedic Pte. Ltd.

*Group Structure as at 31 December 2020 

 


7 

 



SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT 

We continuously engage responsible partners to maintain a sustainable supply chain. Our suppliers 

provide us with clinical and medical supplies essential to our clinic operations, including drugs and 

medicines, medical equipment, as well as consumables such as medical gloves. Hence, we hold our 

suppliers to the same ethical principles to which we hold ourselves and aim to work with suppliers 

that behave in an economically, environmentally, and socially responsible way. Our suppliers have 

undergone the Group’s stringent selection and evaluation criteria on a periodic basis to ensure that 

their performance align with the internal criteria established, such as service excellence, consistency, 

and timeliness of delivery. We also ensure that all suppliers are registered with relevant local 

regulatory body for the sale of health products.  

The number of suppliers increased by 10% in FY2020, from an estimated 130 core suppliers in FY2019, 

due to the purchase of essential supplies such as gloves and masks in response to the COVID-19 

pandemic. We are also pleased to share that two of our suppliers providing laboratory services 

obtained the College of American Pathologists (CAP) accreditation and one other supplier has been 

recognised with Good Distribution Practices Certifications issued by the Health Sciences Authority. 

We target to continue conducting supplier performance evaluation on all suppliers with a total annual 

purchase value of S$100,000 and above, which account for 75% of all of the Group’s drug purchases 

for FY2020. The evaluation will allow us to decrease purchases from underperforming suppliers by 

assessing these major suppliers against our evaluation criteria.  

 

EXTERNAL INITIATIVES 

COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT 

Community care is becoming an increasingly important aspect of healthcare, and the centrepiece of 

healthcare is steadily moving away from acute hospitals and towards community hospitals, nursing 

homes, and other healthcare facilities such as GPs. The Healthcare 2020 Masterplan launched by the 

Ministry of Health of Singapore aimed to add more than 6,600 places in community care, home care, 

and palliative care to address the growing demand for primary care services within our communities.  

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting need for social distancing, we have cancelled most 

plans that involved physical activities for Community Involvement for FY2020, including the 

Community Care Day at Kwong Wai Shiu Hospital which is postponed to the second half of 2021. Public 

health talks and seminars were also cancelled as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Instead, we have 

moved our activities online and organised the following 2 Facebook Live events in FY2020: 

 

 


8 

 



EXTERNAL INITIATIVES (CONT’D) 

COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT (CONT’D) 

Healthway LIVE: 26 September 2020 

This event was organised 

with MSD to raise awareness 

on HPV vaccination and 

answer 

questions 

about 

women’s health, with hosts 

Dr 

Ng 

Ying 

Woo 

(Obstetrician 

and 

Gynaecologist, 

SBCC 

Women's Clinic) and Dr 

Timotheus 

Ooi 

(GP, 

Healthway 

Medical 

- 

Sunshine Place). 

 

 

Facebook live with M3@Woodlands - Childhood Allergies and Asthma: 22 November 2020 

This seminar was organised with Sembawang GRC PA (M3@Woodlands), where Dr Alison Joanne Lee 

from SBCC Baby &amp; Child Clinic shared with parents about Childhood Allergies and Asthma and 

answered questions about these conditions. 

 

 

 






9 

 



EXTERNAL INITIATIVES (CONT’D) 

MEMBERSHIP OF ASSOCIATIONS AND CERTIFICATES 

In line with our commitment to serve the immediate needs of the community and play our part to 

support the public healthcare system, our island-wide clinics participated actively in government 

schemes. As such, we have numerous clinics which are accredited with the following accreditations: 

 

7 clinics accredited 

Yellow Fever Vaccination accreditation allows 

our patients to be able to access compulsory 

vaccinations should they decide to travel to 

countries 

which 

require 

yellow 

fever 

vaccination.  

 

37 clinics with MBS@Gov 

MBS@GOV is a portal for private clinics to 

submit the claims for the Government’s share 

of the medical bills incurred by civil servants, 

pensioners and their dependants at the clinics. 

Civil 

servants, 

pensioners 

and 

their 

dependants only need to pay their share of the 

medical bills at our clinics with MBS@Gov 

accreditation. 

 

 

45 clinics that obtained PHPC 

As part of the Public Health Preparedness Clinic (PHPC) 

scheme, our clinics are supporting and easing the 

patient load of government hospitals and medical 

facilities by serving the primary healthcare needs of 

Singaporeans and providing response to public health 

emergencies during this COVID-19 pandemic. We 

remain fully committed to support the public 

healthcare system as Singapore tries to overcome this 

pandemic.  

 

MediSave can be used by patients to pay for medical 

care and hospitalisation expenses for certain 

treatments such as acute care, rehabilitative care 

and end-of-life care, as well as approved outpatient 

treatment including chronic conditions, vaccinations, 

and radiotherapy. 

 

45 clinics accredited










10 

 



MEMBERSHIP OF ASSOCIATIONS AND CERTIFICATES (CONT’D) 

 

45 clinics accredited 

The Community Health Assist Scheme (“CHAS”) has been expanded in 2019 to make healthcare 

affordable for all Singaporeans. The new CHAS green tier covers chronic conditions for all 

Singaporeans, regardless of income. Subsidies for chronic conditions has increased overall for all CHAS 

tiers as well. In addition, as Singapore’s population gradually ages, it is vital for healthcare services to 

be made accessible for the silver generation. The Merdeka Generation Package aims to achieve this 

by affording special subsidies for medical and dental care for Singaporeans aged 60 and above who 

are not currently covered under the Pioneer package. 

The National Adult Immunisation Schedule (“NAIS”), which was established in 2017, provides guidance 

on vaccinations that persons age 18 years or older should adopt to protect themselves against vaccine-

preventable diseases. The NAIS covers vaccinations against 12 diseases – tuberculosis, hepatitis B, 

diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis, poliovirus, Haemophilus influenzae type b, measles, mumps, rubella, 

pneumococcal disease and human papillomavirus. From 1 November 2020, the enhanced NAIS will 

cover vaccinations against two more diseases, i.e. varicella (chickenpox) and influenza, and 

Singaporeans will also benefit from higher subsidies of between $35 to $125 for nationally-

recommended vaccinations listed on the Subsidised Vaccine List (“SVL”) administered at CHAS GP 

clinics.  All our clinics are part of the NAIS. 

In FY2020, Singapore healthcare providers continue to cater to the wide spectrum of community 

healthcare needs. With the convergence of the COVID-19 situation and the traditional peak flu season, 

our GP clinics work closely with the Ministry of Health to offer subsidised flu vaccines to Singaporeans 

through the CHAS programme. With the enhanced NAIS and a greater awareness of general health 

and wellbeing brought about by the pandemic, our clinics have seen an increase in the number of 

patients seeking the flu vaccine comparatively to the same period last year. 




11 

 



GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE AND SUSTAINABILITY 

Our Board is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance to ensure greater 

transparency and to protect the interests of our stakeholders. Our Board is responsible for the overall 

management of the business and corporate affairs of the Group.  

 

Details of our Board members and respective committees as at 31 December 2020 are as follows: 

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

Creating a sustainable positive impact and value for our stakeholders is fundamental to us. Hence, we 

strive to create long-term growth by consistently enhancing our approach in the communication and 

management of ESG factors arising from our business operations and build on the sustainability efforts 

integrated into our operations. We continually improve the economic and social well-being of our 

stakeholders by incorporating key sustainability issues and principles within our business operations. 

Our Board oversees the development of the sustainability strategy and the monitoring of sustainability 

performance, while our various department heads oversee the implementation of the strategies. 

We continue to reduce our carbon footprints through utilising the most energy efficient air-

conditioners, which are awarded five ticks under the Mandatory Energy Labelling Scheme. We also 

use LED light bulbs instead of traditional light bulbs to increase energy efficiency. We are pleased to 

share that our electricity consumption reduced by 12% in 2020 based on like-to-like comparison, with 

the base year as 2019. Moving forward, we target to maintain the same level of electricity 

consumption of 2020 for 2021. 

 



Board of Directors

•

Sin Boon Ann (Independent Chairman)

•

Dr Stephen Riady (Non-Independent Non-

Executive Director)

•

Anand Kumar (Non-Independent Non-

Executive Director)

•

Abram Melkyzedeck Suhardiman (Executive 

Director and Deputy Chief Executive Officer)

•

Chen Yeow Sin (Lead Independent Director)

•

Aliza Knox (Independent Director)







Audit and Risk Committee

•

Chen Yeow Sin (Chairman)

•

Sin Boon Ann

•

Aliza Knox







Nominating Commitee

•

Chen Yeow Sin (Chairman)

•

Sin Boon Ann

•

Aliza Knox







Remuneration Committee

•

Sin Boon Ann (Chairman)

•

Chen Yeow Sin

•

Aliza Knox



Advisory Board

•

Mr Tan Chuan Jin (Chairman)

•

Dr Lily Neo 

•

Professor Bernard Yeung 


12 

 



GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE AND SUSTAINABILITY (CONT’D) 

Our Group has put in place various policies and practices that will safeguard the interests of 

stakeholders and enhance stakeholders’ value as part of our effort to maintain high standards of 

corporate governance. 

 

 

WHISTLE-BLOWING POLICY

The Audit and Risk Committee (“ARC”) has in 

place a whistle-blowing policy which provides 

a channel to report any suspicions of non-

compliance with regulations, policies, and 

fraud to the appropriate authority for 

resolution, without any prejudicial implications 

for these employees. Reports of suspected 

fraud, corruption, dishonest practices or other 

similar matters can be lodged via email to Mr 

Chen Yeow Sin, the ARC Chairman, at 

whistleblow@healthwaymedical.com. Once a 

report has been received, independent 

investigation of such matters will be conducted, 

and follow-up actions will be taken if necessary. 

 

 

 

 

INTERESTED PERSON TRANSACTIONS 

 

The Company has in place an internal policy 

which sets out the procedures for review and 

approval of any interested person transaction. 

All 

interested 

person 

transactions 

are 

documented and submitted periodically to the 

ARC for their review to ensure that such 

transactions are carried out on an arm’s length 

basis and on normal commercial terms and are 

not prejudicial to the Group. 

All reportable transactions are announced on 

SGX website and in the annual report.

 

 










13 

 



STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT  

Regular engagement with our stakeholders to understand their concerns and emerging priorities helps 

to provide core inputs for determining our material focus areas. Therefore, we consistently seek to 

improve our communication channels with all our stakeholders in order to maintain close 

relationships with our stakeholders as they support us in addressing sustainability challenges.  

 

Stakeholder 

Methods of Engagement 

Stakeholder Expectations and 

Goal Alignment 

 

Patients 

• 

Direct feedback during 

consultations 

• 

Telephone calls  

• 

Website feedback form 

• 

Email feedback  

We put our highest emphasis on our 

patients, aiming to ensure they 

obtain the best possible healthcare 

with great ease. 

 

 

 

Suppliers 

• 

Periodic supplier assessments 

• 

Feedback through meetings, 

emails and phone calls 

 

To maintain service excellence and 

transfer value from our suppliers to 

our patients, we constantly 

communicate with our suppliers to 

ensure quality and efficiency. 

 

Employees 

• 

Induction and orientation 

programmes 

• 

Training 

• 

Internal memos and emails 

 

To maintain a safe, fair and equal 

working environment while 

promoting personal development. 

 

Investors 

• 

Strategic meetings to discuss on 

long term growth and innovation 

strategy  

• 

Annual general meetings 

• 

Extraordinary general meetings 

 

To continue to obtain efficiency thus 

creating long term value and provide 

a blueprint of sustainable profit 

growth while maintaining our 

balanced capital allocation.  

 

Government 

and Regulators 

• 

Discussions with government 

agencies and departments 

To engage governments and policy 

makers through our public policy 

teams, at agency and legislative 

levels to allow a better 

understanding of government 

initiatives and plans and achieve 

national health objectives. 

 






14 

 



MATERIALITY 

We continue to gather insightful feedback from internal and external stakeholders to identify various 

sustainability topics as the key focus for this report. We also track our progress and goals set in SR2019 

based on the factors identified previously after engaging with our stakeholders. The following material 

topics identified in FY2019 continue to remain relevant in FY2020. 

 

 

We have reviewed the material topics individually and ranked them based on an assessment of the 

economic, environmental and social impacts the topic has on our Group’s business, as well as the 

degree of influence they have on our stakeholders’ assessments and decisions for FY2020. The higher 

the ranking (from a scale of 0 – 5) on x-axis, the higher the impact the material topic has on the 

aforementioned aspects of our Group’s business. Similarly, a high ranking on the y-axis represents 

management’s view that the material topic has significant influence in management’s business 

decisions and strategies, which in turn affects stakeholders’ assessments and decisions on our Group’s 

business. The following Materiality Matrix summarises our list of relevant sustainability topics and 

their respective ranking results.  

 

 



Anti-

Corruption



Medical 

Waste and 

Effluents



Training 

and 

Education



Diversity 

and Equal 

Opportunity



Customer 

Privacy

0

1

2

3

4

5

0

1

2

3

4

5

Influence on stakeholders assessments and 

decisions

Signifiance of economic, environmental and social impacts

Materiality Matrix

Anti-Corruption

Medical Waste and Effluents

Training and Education

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

Customer Privacy


15 

 



ANTI-CORRUPTION  

We endeavour to create a workplace that promotes professional values and integrity when conducting 

business. Our Group does not tolerate dishonest practices and we ensure that all business activities 

are consistent with high standards of business ethics and in compliance with relevant laws and 

regulations.  

In FY2020, we continue to apply and 

emphasise 

good 

corporate 

governance, 

business ethics and transparency in our 

business processes. The ARC will commission 

investigations into matters of suspected fraud 

or irregularity, or failure of internal controls or 

infringement of any laws, rules or regulations, 

and to review the findings thereof. In line with 

our 

commitment 

towards 

the 

highest 

standards of corporate governance and code 

of conduct, our Group has in place the 

whistleblowing 

and 

interested 

person 

transactions policies which are mentioned on 

page 11 of this report.  

 

In addition, we manage our Group’s exposure to corruption risks through the following policies in 

place: 

 

These policies are made accessible and communicated to all 

our staff to educate them on the importance and necessity 

of good corporate governance and 

code of conduct. To complement the 

anti-corruption practices in place, we 

have 

implemented 

internal 

questionnaires in our whistleblowing 

policy as a form of training to ensure 

that our staff are aware of anti-

corruption practices and policies.   

We are pleased to report that we did 

not have any confirmed incidents of 

corruption 

and 

wrongdoings 

for 

FY2020. 

 

 





Whistle-blowing





Interested Person 

Transactions

•An employee should 

report to his or her 

immediate supervisor if 

he or she is offered any 

inducement or 

gratification.

•In cases where it may be 

discourteous not to 

accept the Gift, the 

recipient must then 

declare by completing 

the “Declaration of Gift 

Received" form.

Coporate Gifts



•All employees are to 

declare any instance of 

conflict of interest upon 

joining the Company.

•Thereafter, all employees 

are to declare any 

instance of conflict of 

interest in the half-yearly 

declaration exercise.

Conflict of 

Interest









 

We 

remain 

committed 

to 

maintaining 

zero 

confirmed 

incidents 

of 

corruption 

and 

wrongdoings. 


16 

 



MEDICAL WASTE AND EFFLUENTS 

We remain committed in ensuring that we handle medical waste in a safe and sustainable manner. 

We continuously assess our suppliers that handle external medical waste on an ad-hoc basis to ensure 

that the suppliers’ performance is in line with our expectations. Part of our assessment includes 

ensuring the suppliers are on NEA's approved list of medical waste contractors. We are pleased to 

report that there was no change in our suppliers for external medical waste handling services in 

FY2020, as our vendors have continued to perform and deliver service that is in line with our 

expectations and criteria.  

We also persist in ensuring that our staff are trained and qualified to identify the different types of 

pharmaceutical waste to facilitate the appropriate disposal methods to comply with the relevant 

medical regulations. Our staff are periodically reminded on the proper disposal methods via emails 

and clinic supervisors' meeting by our pharmacists. 

The details of the disposal procedures can be observed in our first sustainability report (covering 

financial year ended 31 Dec 2017) and a summary of the types of medical waste handled by the Group 

is summarised below: 

 

In FY2020, there has been a decrease in the quantitative costs as well as amount of waste disposed 

due to the decrease in patient volume as a result of the pandemic. However, cost per litre of waste 

disposed has increased from FY2019 to FY2020. With the present pandemic situation, the amount of 

medical waste generated by our Group is higher given the expectation of higher infection control 

measures imposed by Ministry of Health and the Group's emphasis to keep our staff safe. 

Year 

FY2020 

FY2019 

Quantitative costs of medical waste disposed 

S$24,421 

S$26,740 

Amount of waste disposed 

5,817 litres 

7,058 litres 

Cost per litre of waste disposed 

S$4.20 

S$3.79 

 

 



General Pharmaceutical 

Waste



Pharmaceutical products such as

vitamins,

over

the

counter

medications,

and

most

prescription-only medications such

as anti-hypertensive, anti-diabetics

etc



Special Pharmaceutical 

Waste



•

Anti-infective, vaccines and 

other immunological products

•

Antineoplastic drugs

•

Controlled drugs

•

Pharmaceutical products and 

medical devices containing 

heavy metals







 

We will continue to look for areas of improvement such as the monitoring of performance and 

credentials of our medical waste disposal providers to ensure they satisfy key criteria such as 

safety, costs and adherence to regulations.  


17 

 



TRAINING AND EDUCATION  

With the rapid technological and market changes, it is vital for our employees to keep themselves 

abreast of the latest medical trends and be future-ready. As our employees are our greatest assets, 

we believe that training and education is instrumental in ensuring the continuous development of our 

employees to equip them with the relevant skill sets to provide top quality service to our patients.  

Our staff took part in trainings that were conducted in-house and also by outsourced providers in 

FY2020 which amounted to S$87,318 in training costs, with more than 1,078 hours of training 

recorded (training costs in FY2019 were S$64,700 with more than 2,620 hours of training recorded). 

These trainings include in-house on-line interviewing techniques and grievance handling for staff with 

supervisory roles, on-job customer service training for frontline staff. As part of healthcare industry, 

our priorities lie in ensuring that our operations are in line with Government’s effort in combating the 

pandemic, hence training has taken a back seat in FY2020, as reflected in the decrease in the total 

number of training hours recorded. Despite the decrease in training hours, training costs has increased 

in FY2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic as there were more hours involved in the planning of 

trainings in order to conduct trainings in a safe environment for our staff. 

We continually utilise skills development fund and Skills Future funds to complement our human 

resource policy benefits and provide additional subsidy to staff who requires it. For statistics on 

FY2020 and FY2019 staff training and education, please see the tables1 below. 

Average staff training hours in the year for all eligible staff 

By gender 

FY2020 

FY2019 

(In hours) per employee 

Male 

10 

13 

Female 

16 

13 

By employee category 

Management and above 

24 

0 

Executives 

13 

13 

General staff 

17 

23 

 

Percentage of total employees receiving performance review 

By employee category 

FY2020 

FY2019 

Percentage of total employees 

Management and above 

1% 

1% 

Executives 

50% 

47% 

General staff 

49% 

52% 

 

 

 

 

1 FY2019’s statistics have been restated due to a reclassification of employee category 







 

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting need for social distancing, 

we target to maintain our current training hours for the next year. We will 

continue to encourage staff to take part in trainings via online platforms. 


18 

 













24%





53%





23%

EMPLOYEES BY AGE GROUP

TOTAL

479

&lt;30 years old

30 - 50 years old

&gt;50 years old

365

114

EMPLOYEES BY GENDER

Male

Female

329

47

46

57

EMPLOYEES BY RACE

Others

Indian

Malay

Chinese

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

Our people are key to our Group’s long-term 

growth and success. The Board strongly 

believes in the inherent strength of a vibrant, 

diverse and inclusive workforce where the 

perspectives, backgrounds and life experiences 

of our people help us to forge strong 

connections 

with 

all 

our 

customers, 

inspirationally lead and creatively innovate, 

thereby making better decisions for our 

business. 

The Group’s recruitment of employees is based 

solely on merit, without discrimination of race, 

age, gender, religion, or ethnicity. Promotion is 

based strictly on performance and we have an 

equitable 

remuneration 

structure 

and 

employee benefits that has no gender bias. We 

constantly 

strive 

to 

provide 

a 

fair, 

performance-based work culture that is 

diverse, inclusive, and collaborative. 

Whilst we expect our employees to constantly 

challenge and improve themselves, we also 

require them to treat others equally, honestly, 

and with respect.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

During FY2020, there were no incidents of 

discrimination reported within our Group. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

*There has been a reclassification of employee 

category.











1%





50%





49%

EMPLOYEES BY CATEGORY*

TOTAL

479

Management and above

Executives

General Staff







 

We target to maintain our track record of 

zero incidents of reported discrimination 

and our culture of promoting diversity and 

equal opportunity. 


19 

 



CUSTOMER PRIVACY

Data privacy of our patients is of 

paramount importance to us. We 

strive to safeguard our patients’ 

personal information and maintain 

the privacy and security of data in 

relation to our clinic operations. The 

Personal Data Protection Act 2012 

(“PDPA”) 

aims 

to 

safeguard 

individuals’ personal data against 

misuse and to promote proper 

management of personal data in 

organisations. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We are committed to conducting our business 

in compliance with the PDPA and non-

compliance will subject our Company to 

penalties and fines. We are determined to 

ensure that patients’ personal data is being 

collected, handled, and protected in a 

responsible and secure manner. 

 

 

 

We have in place a Data Protection policy that 

promotes the practice of good personal data 

management and is also in compliance with 

the PDPA. Our policy sets out the definitions, 

general guidelines, and monitoring procedures 

to comply with PDPA. It outlines the Group’s 

practices in relation to the collection, storage, 

usage, processing, and disclosure of personal 

data. It also addresses how an individual may 

withdraw his consent to the use or disclosure 

of his personal data or request for access or 

correction to his personal data which is in our 

possession or control.  

 

 

 












20 

 



CUSTOMER PRIVACY (CONT’D) 

We have a Data Protection Officer and a Data Protection committee to handle all matters relating to 

PDPA and can be contacted at dpo@healthwaymedical.com. The committee members are all trained 

in Data Protection and are members from individual business units across the organisation. In line 

with our privacy policy, promotional and marketing messages via phone calls, text messages, and faxes 

will not be sent to patients who have registered their phone numbers with the National Do Not Call 

(“DNC”) Registry except for those who had given clear and unambiguous consent to receive marketing 

messages. 

 

In 2020, we engaged a Data Protection consultancy firm to build awareness, identify process and risks 

related to data protection across our business units. We are in midst of enhancing our Standard 

Operating Procedures (“SOPs”) to be in line with the industry best practices and target to complete 

this by end of July 2021.  

 

Furthermore, to ensure confidentiality and maintain our customer privacy, we have in place the 

following protection mechanism and security controls:  

 





Information in our Clinic 

Management System (CMS) is 

accessible by clinics only





Patient personal information is 

not disclosed over  phone and 

only provided when patient is 

physically present at the clinic





Information related to 

corporate clients is stored with 

the Sales Team





Access controls are role-based 

and granted on a need basis 

only. Authorised approvals are 

required for data extraction 

requests





Softcopy in transit is password 

protected and hardcopy 

documents are locked in a 

secure location 





Softcopy information including 

data in our IT systems is 

accessible to specific user 

through user login only



Detailed logging mechanism in 

generating and exporting 

exports in CMS have an audit 

trail should we require it


21 

 



CUSTOMER PRIVACY (CONT’D) 

For hardware and in-built infrastructure, the Group has included safeguards within our Information 

Technology infrastructure with key controls as listed below: 

 

 

We are pleased to report that there were no 

breaches in customer privacy and no customer 

complaints in relation to PDPA in FY2020. 

There was also no identified leaks, thefts, or 

losses of customer data in FY2020. Privacy of 

our corporate clients and patients remains to 

be of utmost importance to our Group and we 

strive to uphold the highest standards of 

customer data privacy protection and ensure 

compliance throughout our supply chain. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





Network/ 

Infrastructure/Servers 

•

Firewalls 

•

Geolocation blocking 

•

Threat Detection 

•

Controlled Ports 

•

Enforced 2FA 

•

Data encryption 

 



















 

We aim for zero complaints and incidents 

with regards to customer privacy. 


22 

 



GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference and 

Reasons for Omission, if 

applicable 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016 

Organisational Profile 

102-1 Name of the organisation  

Pg 1 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

Pg 5-6 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

Pg 5-6 

102-4 Location of operations 

Pg 5-6 

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

Pg 1 

102-6 Markets served 

Pg 5-6 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

Pg 5-6 

102-8 Information on employees and other workers  

Pg 17-18 

102-9 Supply chain  

Pg 7 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

Pg 7 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

Pg 11 

102-12 External initiatives 

 

Pg 7 

102-13 Membership of associations 

Pg 9-10 

Strategy 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

Pg 4 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

Pg 5 

Governance 

102-18 Governance structure 

Pg 11 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

Pg 13 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

Nil  

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Pg 13 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Pg 13 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

Pg 14 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Annual Report 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Pg 3 

102-47 List of material topics 

Pg 14 

102-48 Restatements of information 

FY2019 relevant employee 

information included  

102-49 Changes in reporting 

Nil 

102-50 Reporting period 

Pg 3 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

31 December 2019 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

Pg 3 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Pg 3 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

Pg 3 

102-55 GRI content index 

Pg 22-23 

102-56 External assurance 

Pg 3 


23 

 



 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference and 

Reasons for Omission, if 

applicable 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

Anti-corruption 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Pg 15 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Pg 15 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Pg 15 

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 

205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

Pg 15 

205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and 

procedures  

Pg 15 

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken  

Pg 15 

Effluents and waste 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Pg 16 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Pg 16 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Pg 16 

GRI 306: 

Effluents and 

waste 

 

306-1 Water discharge by quality and destination 

Not applicable 

306-2 Waste by type and disposal method 

Pg 16 

306-3 Significant spills 

Not applicable 

306-4 Transport of hazardous waste 

Pg 16 

306-5 Water bodies affected by water discharges and/or runoff 

Not applicable 

Training and Education 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Pg 17 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Pg 17 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Pg 17 

GRI 404: 

Training and 

Education 

404-1 Average hour of training per year per employee 

Pg 17 

404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance 

programs 

Pg 17 

404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and 

career development reviews 

Pg 17 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity  

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Pg 18 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Pg 18 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Pg 18 

GRI 405: 

Diversity and 

Equal 

Opportunity 

405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

Pg 18 

405-2 Ration of basic salary and remuneration of woman to man 

Pg 18 

Customer Privacy 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Pg 19-21 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Pg 19-21 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

Pg 19-21 

GRI 418: 

Customer 

Privacy 

418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer 

privacy and losses of customer data 

Pg 19-21 

