
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 


 

 

 1 

 

 

Contents                                                                                                          Page 

 

ABOUT THE REPORT ........................................................................................................................................ 2 

FEEDBACK ........................................................................................................................................................ 2 

BOARD STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY ...................................................................................................... 3 

ABOUT THE GROUP ......................................................................................................................................... 4 

SR GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE ........................................................................................................................ 5 

STRATEGIC APPROACH FOR SUSTAINABILITY ................................................................................................ 6 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT ........................................................................................................................ 7 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT ............................................................................................................................ 8 

ENVIRONMENTAL .......................................................................................................................................... 10 

SOCIAL ........................................................................................................................................................... 10 

GOVERNANCE ................................................................................................................................................ 18 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX .............................................................................. 19 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This announcement has been reviewed by the Company’s Sponsor, PrimePartners Corporate Finance Pte. Ltd. (the 

“Sponsor”). It has not been examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “Exchange”) 

and the Exchange assumes no responsibility for the contents of this document, including the correctness of any of the 

statements or opinions made or reports contained in this document.  

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms Lim Hui Ling, 16 Collyer Quay, #10-00 Income at Raffles, Singapore 049318, 

sponsorship@ppcf.com.sg.   


 

 

 2 

 

 

ABOUT THE REPORT 

Reporting Boundary  

As a guide, this report covers operations and all subsidiaries for which the Group has management 

control, unless otherwise stated. It seeks to prove an overview of our approach, practices, 

commitment, and performance of the Group’s material Environmental, Social and Governance 

(“ESG”) topics.  

 

Reporting Period &amp; Standard 

The reporting period is the same as that of the financial year of the Group (1 April 2020 to 31 March 

2021). This report was prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) 

Standards – “Core” reporting requirements. The GRI Standards is the most widely used and 

internationally accepted sustainability reporting framework. A GRI Index at the end of the report 

specifies the location of the relevant disclosures. 

Independent Assurance 

The ESG performance data presented in the report have mainly been extracted from internal 

information systems and original records to ensure accuracy. The Group has not sought external 

assurance for this sustainability report but has relied on internal verification to ensure the accuracy 

of data. 

FEEDBACK 

We are fully committed to our stakeholders, and we welcome feedback on any aspect of our 

sustainability policies, processes, and performance. Kindly address all feedback to 

sr@hiaptong.com.sg. Your feedback is vital to us in achieving our goals to build a sustainable and 

thriving business. As an attempt to promote environmental conservation, there will be no hard 

copies of this report. 

 


 

 

 3 

 

 

BOARD STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY  

Hiap Tong Corporation Ltd. and its subsidiaries (“Hiap Tong” or the “Group”) is pleased to issue 

its fourth sustainability report prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards and in compliance 

with the guidelines on sustainability reporting of the Catalist Rules. 

The Group endeavour to continually integrate material environmental, social and governance topics 

as part of our core business strategy. The report seeks to present an accurate and even account 

of our practices and performance in our quest to be a sustainable, responsible corporate citizen. 

The Board of Directors (“Board”) and senior management (“Management”) remains committed to 

establish and maintain an effective Sustainability Management framework, which is supported by 

underlying internal controls, risk management practices, clear accountability, and reporting 

process. The Board evaluates and considers ESG risks and opportunities relevant to the Group 

during the formulation of overall business strategy, objectives, and performance measurements. 

The Sustainability Reporting (“SR”) Committee supports the Management in identifying the type of 

relevant ESG topics with its day-to-day operations. Thereafter, Management assess and determine 

the ESG topics to be disclosed in this report based on the materiality, impact and influence on 

stakeholder values, and the achievement of the Group’s strategic objectives. The Board supports 

and approves the identification and assessment parameters of material ESG topics. 

The ESG topics in this report reviewed by the Board and Management is assessed to be material 

and relevant. The Board and Management shall continue to dedicate leadership and maintain a 

high standard of sustainability governance to drive continuous and long-term growth for all its 

stakeholders. The Group will continue to work towards a balanced disclosure on the management 

and monitoring of material ESG topics for continual improvement. 

 

 

 

 


 

 

 4 

 

 

ABOUT THE GROUP 

Corporate Profile 

Established since 1978, Hiap Tong Corporation Ltd. (“Hiap Tong”, or together with its subsidiaries, 

the “Group”) is a leading provider of hydraulic lifting and haulage services to the marine, 

petrochemical and construction industries in Singapore.  

From a single 10 tonne mobile crane in 1980, the Group has expanded its combining lifting and 

haulage fleet size to an aggregate of 361 vehicles as at 31 March 2021, consisting of 144 cranes 

(with lifting capacities ranging from 10 to 1200 tonnes) and 217 units of haulage equipment.  

Hiap Tong offers the largest range of lifting capabilities in the hydraulic mobile crane category and 

we believe we are the only Singapore company with the ability to provide mobile lifting services 

with lifting capacities of up to 1200 tonnes. Our current lifting capabilities of up to 1200 tonnes allow 

us to undertake specialised lifting jobs.  

We pride ourselves as an integrated one-stop service provider, offering a complete solution to 

customers from lifting services, with our extensive fleet of mobile cranes, to transportation services, 

with our haulage fleet.  

 

 

With an established customer base of more than 300 customers, some of our notable customers 

include business units and affiliates of Sembcorp Marine Ltd and Keppel Corporation Limited in the 

marine industry; ExxonMobil Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, and Sankyu (S) Pte Ltd. in the petrochemical 

industry; as well as Boon Chang Structure Pte Ltd and GS Engineering and Construction Corp. in 

the construction industry. With our strong track record, business reputation and superior quality 

services, many of our major customers are recurring customers with repeat orders who have been 

doing business with us for more than 10 years. 

 

Vision 

To be the preferred choice in offering a 

complete solution to customers from lifting 

services, with our extensive fleet of mobile 

cranes to transportation services with our 

haulage fleet. 

 

Mission 

Enhance the strength and trust in our brand 

name through: 

• 

Commanding diversified range of products 

and customers; 

• 

Ensure 

continuity 

of 

businesses 

and 

preserve shareholder investment; and 

• 

Explore opportunities and growth prospects 

employees and invest in them, our most 

important asset, as they are the fuel for our 

growth as an organisation. 




 

 

 5 

 

 

Financial Highlights 

 

 

Please refer to the Group’s annual report (“Annual Report”) for the financial year ended 31 March 

2021 (“FY2021”) for detailed analysis and commentary of financial performance. 

 

Awards &amp; Certification  

As a group and across our various subsidiaries, we have attained and maintained various awards 

and certifications, such as the following: 

• 

Certification for ISO 9001 Quality Management System 

• 

BizSAFE Star Certification 

• 

Certification for ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety 

 

SR GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE 

Sustainability is integrated into our business and embedded across various roles and functions. 

The SR Committee comprising of specific working groups with senior management and board level 

representatives from across our different businesses executes and reports on the material ESG 

aspects. The Board and the Audit Committee review and oversee the management and monitoring 

of the material ESG factors of the Group to ensure that sustainability matters are considered as 

part of its business strategy. 

 




 

 

 6 

 

 

STRATEGIC APPROACH FOR SUSTAINABILITY 

Hiap Tong have been strategically pursing a sustainability strategy over the years. The company 

recognises the importance of creating a positive impact on the environment, employees, and all 

other stakeholder in the value chain, while pursuing greater profit margins.  

In FY2021, the Group with the help of an independent external consultant, has reviewed and 

defined our approach to sustainability management. We have reviewed the economic performance 

aspect and three main non-financial topics for FY2021 sustainability reporting disclosure in Exhibit 

1 below. The Management concluded that these topics remain material to the sustainability of our 

economic performance and business operations. The Management have also, with the proposal 

by the consultant, incorporated a new topic for disclosure – Socioeconomic Compliance (See 

Exhibit 1). 

Exhibit 1. An Overview of Our Approach to Sustainability Management 

 

 

 

 

 

Three main non-financial aspects  

towards sustainability of our 

economic performance and 

business operations 

 

Economic Performance 1 

 

 

 

 

 

Environmental 

 

Social 

 

Governance 2 

 

 

 

 

 

Environmental 

Compliance 

 

Employment  

 

Anti-Corruption  

 

 

 

 

Training &amp; 

Education 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Occupational 

Health &amp; Safety  

 

 

 

 

 

 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Our Materiality Assessment Process 

 

Supported by a systematic &amp; 

interactive process to identify, 

categorise, and prioritise material 

ESG topics  

 

Identify 

Define a list of 

potential material 

ESG topics. 

 

 

Categorise 

Refine the list of 

topics by 

clustering them 

into categories  

 

Prioritise  

Engage SR 

Committee for 

feedback and 

validation of each 

topic based on 

importance to 

internal and 

external 

stakeholders 

 

 

 

1. Please refer to Financial Statement of the Annual Report FY2021. 

2. Please refer to the Corporate Governance section of the Annual Report FY2021 for more details. 

 

 


 

 

 7 

 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

Hiap Tong recognises the key role stakeholder management plays in ensuring sustainable growth 

and the Group proactively consider the demands and concerns of anyone who has a stake in the 

organisation. The Group believes that regular engagement with stakeholders helps us foster 

connections and better determine material areas of focus. 

The Group operates and maintains diverse communication channels and platforms to listen to 

stakeholders’ requirements and opinions. In FY2021, the SR Committee, with the support of the 

independent external consultant, has reviewed and ascertained that employees, customers, 

shareholder and investors, and business partners are our key stakeholder groups (See Exhibit 2).  

Exhibit 2. Our Key Stakeholder Groups 

 

 

 

Employees 

We recognise that our employees are fundamental 

to the Group’s productivity and continuity. We aim 

to nurture them well to increase their engagement 

and contribution to the Group. 

 

How We 

Engage 

Main Concerns 

&amp; Expectations 

How We Respond 

• Regular 

Meetings 

• Internal 

communication 

through emails 

• Annual 

performance 

appraisals 

• Training 

&amp; 

career 

development 

opportunities 

• Health &amp; Safety 

• Job security  

Establishing sound 

HR policies and 

practices 

that 

promote 

fair 

treatment, 

safe 

working conditions, 

and 

opportunities 

for rewards and 

development. 

 

Customers 

We strive to maximise our customer satisfaction, to 

increase our sales and revenue. We ensure that we 

understand our customers’ needs and expectations 

and we aim to build long-lasting relationships with 

our customers to win their support and confidence. 

How We 

Engage 

Main Concerns 

&amp; Expectations 

How We Respond 

• Customer 

service 

feedback 

• Regular direct 

engagement 

and 

active 

partnership. 

• Provision 

of 

quality service.  

• Group’s 

positive 

reputation 

in 

the market.   

By 

establishing 

policies for quality 

control 

and 

assurance 

to 

ensure 

that 

our 

operations 

follow 

the industry’s best 

practices.  

 

 

 

Shareholders and Investors 

We aim to maintain profitability and maximise 

shareholders’ return, as well as uphold a high 

standard of corporate governance and 

transparency. 

How We 

Engage 

Main Concerns 

&amp; Expectations 

How We Respond 

• Company 

website, 

phone, 

and 

email channels 

• AGM / Analyst/ 

Investor’s 

meetings 

• SGX 

announcement 

and 

media 

release  

• Key 

strategic 

development  

• Current 

financial 

performance 

• Future 

business 

outlook  

Actively 

engage 

with stakeholders 

and 

remain 

transparent about 

company’s 

operations. 

All 

concerns 

are 

addressed 

timely 

and communicated 

via 

various 

communications 

channels.  

 

Business Partners 

We work closely with our business 

partners/subcontractors to ensure that all our 

operations that were carried out are in line with our 

sustainability efforts and industry practices.  

How We 

Engage 

Main Concerns 

&amp; Expectations 

How We Respond 

• Regular 

meetings 

and 

visits 

• Phone 

and 

email channels 

• Integrity 

and 

effectiveness of 

the 

tender 

process 

• Environmental, 

safety 

and 

health 

practices 

• Performance 

reviews 

Guidelines 

and 

policies 

are 

established 

to 

ensure 

a 

fair 

selection 

and 

procurement 

process. 

 


 

 

 8 

 

 

 

List of Memberships of Association 

Aspiring to widen our exposure to industry standards and collaborate within and beyond the 

industry to improve on current sustainable practices. The Group participate as members of 

organisations that include: 

• 

Singapore Crane Association 

• 

Association of Process Industry 

• 

Singapore Transport Association 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

Materiality with respect to sustainability reporting, as defined by GRI Standards, includes topics 

and indicators that reflect the organisation’s significant economic, environmental, and social 

impacts; and would substantively influence the assessments and decisions of stakeholders. 

Guided by an external independent consultant and having considered the topics of concerns and 

expectation of identified key stakeholders, the SR Committee together with the Management have 

assessed and prioritised the material topics to focus on for the Group.  

The below material ESG topics were also reviewed by the Board and determined as being relevant. 

Material  

ESG Topics 

FY2022 Targets and Commitments 

ECONOMIC 

Economic 

Performance  

Please refer to Financial Statements contained in the Annual Report FY2021. 

❖ 

Continue to be vigilant and respond swiftly to any adverse situation due to economic 

uncertainties 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

Environmental 

Compliance 

❖ Zero incidents of non-compliance 

❖ No significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations 

SOCIAL 

Employment 

❖ Continue to promote diversity and equal opportunity in the workplace 

❖ 100% compliance to local labour regulations across our operations 

❖ Strictly prohibits discrimination and maintain a track record of zero incidents of reported 

discrimination  

Training  

&amp; 

Education  

❖ Maintain an average of 10 hours of training per employee annually 

❖ Ensure learning and development roadmap account for future skills required to improve the 

efficiency of the business 

❖ Maximise the benefits of all schemes granted to upgrade employees’ skills  

Occupational  

Health and Safety 

❖ Zero fatalities and/or workplace injuries 

❖ Conduct annual safety training to educate employees on the best safety practices 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

❖ Zero cases of non-compliance in social or economic area resulting in significant fines and 

non-monetary sanctions  


 

 

 9 

 

 

GOVERNANCE 

Anti-Corruption 

❖ Zero incidents of bribery and corruption, including facilitation payment 

 

The Group was able to achieve all targets set for FY2021 in all Material ESG Topics, with the 

exception of the environmental compliance and occupational health and safety. Further explanation 

of deviation will be discussed under the environmental compliance and workplace health &amp; safety 

performance section of this report respectively.   

 

Moving forward, to keep abreast of critical issues, the SR Committee, supporting the Board in its 

oversight, will continue to review annually material ESG topics against the changing business 

environment, stakeholder opinions, and emerging global and local trends. 

 

 


 

 

10 

 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL  

Environmental excellence plays an important role in our Group’s sustainability agenda. To prevent 

serious or irreversible environmental degradation, the Group has made minimising environmental 

impact an essential part of our daily operation through efficient processes and activities. We are 

committed to understanding, managing, and minimizing our environmental footprint across our 

business operations.  

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

Environmental compliance is an integral part of the Group’s sustainability strategy. We strive to not 

only just comply but also integrate the best sustainability practices across business operations to 

reduce adverse environmental impact on the ecosystem. Over the years, the Group’s operations 

continue to conform to local environmental laws and regulations. All employees of Hiap Tong are 

also encouraged to be proactive and forthcoming in managing and reporting environmental related 

issues and complaints. 

The key environmental regulations that the Group is required to comply with are: 

• 

Environmental Protection and Management Act (Cap. 94A) 

• 

Environmental Public Health Act (Cap. 95) 

In FY2021, there was one incident involving fines for non-compliance with environmental law. A 

$200 fine was incurred due to the discovery of mosquito breeding at our office which occurred 

during the monsoon season in late 2020. 

The health and safety of the staff and public is of utmost importance to the Group. On top of regular 

preventive measures have been implemented to prevent the breeding of mosquitoes, we have 

requested our pest control contractor to step up the oiling and fogging at 22 Soon Lee Road and 

carry on with proper housekeeping. 

The Board and Management continues to review and improve current environmental management 

systems and practices to ensure that all our activities and operations comply with regulatory 

requirements.  

SOCIAL  

EMPLOYMENT 

Our employees are one of the most valuable assets of the Group. We believe in the importance of 

attracting people from diverse range of skills, expertise, experience, and socio-cultural background 

together. This will enable the Group to successfully overcome industry challenges and rise above 

our competitors. 

The Group is committed to fair employment practices, upholding human rights principles, and 

investing in developing and training our people. Despite the manpower shortage caused by the 

pandemic, the Group was able to retain its talents and grow its workforce in FY2021. There is an 

improvement in the gender distribution of the Group in FY2021, with an increase the proportion of 

females. However, the proportion of males remain larger than females due to the nature of the 

industry. The percentage of new hires above 50 years is approximately 23% which is an increase 

from the year before. 


 

 

11 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

FY2021 

FY2020 

FY2019 

Total No. of Employees 

 

880 

 

868 

 

846 

 

 

 

Distribution by Gender (%) 

 

 

 

 

 

           96% 

    4% 

    97% 

     3% 

 

 

 

97% 

   3% 

 

 

 

 

 

New Hire 

 

FY2021 

FY2020 

FY2019 

 

Total No. of New Hires 

 

 

 

Total No. of New Hire by Age Group  

229 

321 

270 

Majority of new hires were male due to the nature of the industry. 

FY2021 

FY2020 

FY2019 

&lt; 30  

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

&lt; 30  

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

&lt; 30  

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

66 

109 

54 

175 

109 

37 

89 

162 

19 

% Of New Hire by Age Group  

29% 

48% 

23% 

55% 

34% 

11% 

33% 

60% 

7% 

 

 Turnover 

 

Total Turnover 

 

 

 

Total No. of Turnover by Age Group 

FY2021 

FY2020 

FY2019 

217 

244 

71 

&lt; 30  

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

&lt; 30  

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

&lt; 30  

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

88 

109 

20 

87 

119 

38 

40 

21 

10 

% Of Turnover by Age Group  

41% 

50% 

9% 

36% 

49% 

15% 

56% 

30% 

14% 

 

The creation of an inclusive culture remains a key priority of the Group, allowing us to benefit from 

all our employees’ unique skill sets and perspectives. We strive to foster a performance-driven 

work environment to attract, retain and develop our talents. As an equal opportunity employer, the 

Group has instituted a fair system to ensure equal opportunities and non-preferential treatment for 

all employees. There is no preference or prejudice towards religion, age, ethnicity, any physical 

disability, or gender. Employees are required to observe and adhere to all relevant policies and 

practices. The Group remains committed in continuing to embrace diversity, and equal opportunity 

in the workplace and remained compliant with respective to local regulations across operations. 

Due to the inherent nature of labour-intensive work and physically challenging working conditions, 

the majority of our employees are male. Hiap Tong makes a conscious effort to maintain diversity 

in the middle management, to generate creativity and innovation and improve the organization’s 

culture. There were no reported incidences of discrimination raised by our employees in FY2021. 


 

 

12 

 

 

 

The Group also has an open-door policy where employees are encouraged to speak-up or report 

grievances directly to their superior, head of department, human resource department, chief 

executive officer and/or independent directors. This is to reinforce our commitment to our 

employees to provide them with a workplace that is healthy, safe and secure. Across our business 

segments, there were no workplace grievance cases reported in FY2021. 

Employee Remuneration and Benefit 

The Group recognises the valuable contribution of all employees. We strongly believe in fair 

remuneration and sets packages which are competitive and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate 

personnel with adequate experience and expertise to manage the business and operations of the 

Group. In setting remuneration packages, the Group takes into account the regulatory 

requirements, salary, and employment conditions within the same industry and in comparable 

companies. In FY2021, in addition to the competitive remuneration offered, the Group continue to 

maintain its list of employees’ benefits including but not limited to: 

Item  

Employment Benefits 

Descriptions 

1 

Foreign worker medical 

Covering foreign worker medical claims. 

2 

Work Injury Compensation 

Insurance 

Covering worker work injury. 

3 

Flexible Work Arrangement 

Creating work-life harmony at the workplace. 

4 

Various Allowances benefits 

Company has various allowances for entitled staffs such as housing 

allowance, attendance incentive, Sunday allowance, performance 

allowances, safety allowances etc. 

5 

Annual Variable Bonus 

Annual variable bonus will be issued before each Chinese New Year. 

This bonus will be based on overall company performance and prevailing 

market conditions, Group’s overall performance, as well as employee’s 

performance. 

6 

Salary increment 

Salary increment amount determined based on annual appraisals after 

year end. 

7 

Annual festival celebrations 

Arranged for individual bento sets to be provided to employees during 

festive celebrations. 

 

In FY2021, the Group remained in full compliance with local labour regulations across our 

operations, as well as minimum wage laws, where such laws exist. The Group endorses 

Singapore’s Tripartite Guidelines on Fair Employment Practices and the Employers’ Pledge of Fair 

Employment Practices and makes contributions to the Central Provident Fund scheme in 

Singapore, a defined pension scheme. For employees below 55 years old, Hiap Tong makes an 

additional contribution of 17% as an employer on top of the employee’s 20% contribution. 

 

In support of the Singapore government’s pro-family legislation, eligible working mothers and 

fathers who are legally married and whose new-born child is a Singapore citizen are entitled to 16 

weeks of maternity leave and 2 weeks of paternity leave respectively. Eligible working parents of 

at least one Singapore citizen child who is less than seven years old; or between ages of 7 to 12; 

and employed by Hiap Tong at least for 3 continuous months are entitled to 6 days of paid childcare 

leave annually. The allocation of parental leave for employees are in line with the Ministry of Social 

and Family Development’s guidelines. A total of 8 employees took parental leave FY2021 and the 

Group saw a 100% return-to-work rate. 


 

 

13 

 

 

 

The Group is in full compliance with local labour regulations across our operations, as well as 

minimum wage laws, where such laws exist. Being in an industry that is largely labour-intensive, 

we are dedicated to constantly reviewing our employment policies, benefits, and remuneration 

practices to ensure compliance with the updated employment laws, to keep up with the best 

industry practices to provide the optimal working conditions for our people.  

The Group continually cultivates a transparent and inclusive environment for all employees, as well 

as ensures a top-down approach to promote fair and ethical business dealings. Hiap Tong 

maintains zero tolerance towards unethical labour practices such as child labour, forced labour, 

slavery, and human trafficking across all our operations.  

TRAINING &amp; EDUCATION 

The Group believes that training and education play an essential role in advancing the business 

productivity. In this continuously evolving work environment, it is important for employees to stay 

informed. Training and education programmes, which are provided both on-the-job and ad-hoc 

basis, are available for employees, creating an environment that build resilience and improve skills 

and performance. These programmes provided encouragement and support our employees to 

maximise their potential and have a rewarding career.  

 

FY2021 

FY2020 

FY2019 

 

Average Hours of Training  

Per Employee 

 

23 

 

16 

 

32 

 

 

*On-job training hours were not included in this record. 

 

Programmes for Upgrading Employee Skills and Transition Assistance 

The Group is committed to allocating budget and planning skills upgrading to equip employees to 

discharge their duties effectively. In FY2021, the budget spent on training for the Group totalled to 

$261,196. Despite the disruptions caused by Covid-19, the Group was flexible in adapting to the 

restrictions in place to allow training programmes to proceed. Training sessions were held online 

via zoom and for courses that require physical attendance, the number of attendees was restricted 

with safe distancing measures in place.  

 

We believe that with more skilled employees, Hiap Tong’s human capital and contribution to 

employees’ satisfaction will be enhanced, which will undoubtedly improve overall performance. 

With this, Hiap Tong adopts various skill upgrading programmes with the objective of assisting to 

provide the upgrading of employees’ skills and to facilitate continued employability. These internal 

and external programmes include the following: 

 

Item  

Name of Programme  

Descriptions 

1 

Apply Workplace Safety and Health 

in construction site 

Mandatory training programme for workers of the construction industry  

2 

Apply Workplace Safety and Health 

in process plant 

Training programme that covers all process sectors of the Process 

Industry 

3 

Basic concept in construction 

productivity enhancement 

Training programme to introduce various key productivity initiatives, 

technology awareness and best practices as well as basic concepts of 

Design for Manufacturing and Assembly (DfMA) 


 

 

14 

 

 

4 

Construction safety Orientation 

Course 

Safety regulations in construction sites 

5 

Shipyard safety instruction course 

for workers general trade (SSIC) 

Shipyard safety programme 

6 

Workforce Skills Qualifications 

(WSQ) Perform Rigger &amp; Signalman 

Tasks 

Training for the securing loads for safe lifting by any form of lifting 

equipment 

7 

ITE skills certificate (ISC) in 

Container Lashing Operations 

Training for the securing containers 

8 

Wharf Operations for Wharf Traffic 

Assistant (WTA) 

Training for assistance of wharf operations for wharf traffic 

9 

Perform Advanced Lashing 

Operations 

Training for the securing loads 

10 

Supervise Lashing Operations ISC 

Prime Mover class 3 

Training for supervising of lashing operations 

11 

Apply Prime Mover Defensive 

Driving 

Training for operating of mobile equipment 

 

In addition, the Group has received grants under the WorkPro Scheme. Hiap Tong Trading Pte. 

Ltd. (“HTT”) was granted the Work-Life Grant while Hiap Tong Crane &amp; Transport Pte. Ltd. (“HTCT”) 

was granted the Work-Life Grant (Time - Banking) which was launched in October 2020. These 

Work-Life Grant provides funds over a period of 2 years for the Group to sustain flexible work 

arrangements (“FWAs”). This provides support for the Group, allowing employees to vary their 

working arrangements to better suit their individual work-life needs.  

The Group also undertook the Building and Construction Authority (“BCA”) apprenticeship for tower 

crane. Apart from the apprenticeship programme, the Group has also sent selected employees for 

BCA courses such as the “Basic Concept in Construction Productivity Enhancement” course. 

Participation in these programmes has provided an invaluable opportunity for our employees to 

learn from industry experts.  

These learning and development roadmaps are established to equip all employees with skills that 

are required to improve the efficiency of the Group’s operations. For HTCT, the company 

continuously monitors the best practices in the industry and provide training to keep employees up 

to date with the industry’s best practices. Equipment operators are provided training to keep up 

with new crane technologies when new cranes are purchased. On the other hand, for HT Ports 

Services Pte. Ltd. (“HTPS”), the company works closely with Port of Singapore Authority (“PSA”) 

to ensure employees are trained to keep in line with best practices and technological advances in 

the industry. 

 

Performance and Career Development Review 

Performance and career development review of employees are performed during the performance 

appraisal process. This review is conducted on an annual basis whereby it provides a platform for 

two-way communication and engagement between supervisors and subordinates to assess the 

performance of the employee. It also serves as a vehicle for supervisors to highlight the strengths 

of employees and encourage them continue to pursue excellence.  

Upon completion of the appraisal process, consideration of career advancement such as 

promotion; quantum of salary increments, and annual variable bonus (disbursed yearly before 

Chinese New Year) will be determined based on the performance appraisal results. In FY2021, all 


 

 

15 

 

 

employees are assessed and remunerated fairly based on their experience, qualifications, and 

performance.  

The Group shall continue to provide training and education opportunities through development 

programmes wherever applicable and promote a conducive corporate environment where 

everyone could achieve their potential.  

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH &amp; SAFETY 

Safety is an integral part of our business and a key focus area for our board of directors and senior 

management. The Group recognises that it is the company’s responsibility to provide and maintain 

a safe and conducive work environment for all our employees and continuously strive to minimise 

incidence of workplace accidents. We firmly believe that all our employees deserve to work in a 

safe and healthy environment and that a conducive working environment will not only boost 

employees’ morale but also increase the overall workforce’s productivity and efficiency. 

Occupational Health &amp; Safety Management Framework 

The Group pledges for zero accidents throughout all work activities to safeguard the environment 

and safety and health of all employees, subcontractors, supplier and public. Processes are in place 

to identify, mitigate and report risks and communicate best practices across the Group, and we 

work with our employees and stakeholders to ensure that they understand our requirements and 

expectations.  

Hiap Tong strives to continually achieve safety certifications in line with global best practices. The 

Group continues to maintain its Occupational Health and Safety and bizSAFE Level Star 

certifications, reflecting our strong commitment in providing a safe working environment for all 

employees. The Board and Management maintains oversight and monitors the health and safety 

performance of the Group. 

Key Elements of Our Occupational Health &amp; Safety Management Framework 

 

Policy

Planning

Implementation 

and 

Operation

Checking 

and 

Correction 

Action

Management 

Review

Continual 

Improvement


 

 

16 

 

 

 

As the Covid-19 pandemic continues to affect industries worldwide, including Singapore, the 

Group has proactively implemented precautionary measures across our organisation in 

accordance with the guidelines stipulated by the Ministry of Health. Some measures include 

mandatory TraceTogether check-in for all employees and visitors before entering the office 

premise, provision of sanitizers at the premise for employees and visitors and adoption of safe-

distancing measures. In addition, employees were encouraged to exercise flexible work 

arrangements such as choosing to work-from-home. This helped to minimise face-to-face 

interactions and risk of outbreaks. The Group will continue to monitor the situation closely and 

adapt our measures accordingly.  

The Group follows the Safety and Health Policy, that has been established based on 3A 

approaches (Actual place, Actual part, Actual situation). We will strive to restrengthen 

implementation of risk assessment to prevent work-related injuries.  

Safety programmes such as risk assessment training and implementation, and safety workshops 

were initiated by the safety and health committee. These programmes strive to raise awareness 

of safety practices and allow employees to acquire the ability to effectively assess the safety of 

their surroundings. This helps to maintain and ensure the effectiveness of our policies and 

management system.  

As a form of monitoring, periodic safety walkthroughs on the floor are conducted to identify 

potential dangers with equipment and during operations. In addition, emergency drills were also 

conducted. Comprehensive drills (includes evacuation, reporting, and firefighting) are carried out 

twice a year to ensure preparedness in an event of a fire or an emergency. Practical trainings are 

also held to train employees on ways to handle an emergency (e.g., how to carry the injured, etc.). 

The Group seeks to learn from past mistakes and strive to prevent similar incidents from 

reoccurring. All near-miss incidents and accidents would be promptly reported to the Safety 

Committee, which comprises of management personnel and representatives from various 

departments in the company, these reports will further provide timely incident analysis briefings to 

the employees. These safety briefings aim to strengthen the safety awareness of employees and 

to remind them of established safety measures and precautions, as well as safety protocols in the 

event of similar incidents. 

We also ensure each worker is well protected before the start of each assignment, through 

documenting on the personal protective equipment record to ensure that each worker is sufficiently 

equipped with protective gears. We have also developed a list of protocols and precautions for 

workers, to ensure that their safety is fully covered in all areas of work. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

17 

 

 

Workplace Health &amp; Safety Performance 

Category 

FY2021 

FY2020 

FY2019 

Total 

Total 

Total 

Number of Injuries 

4 

8 

7 

Injury Rate (“IR”)1 

0.613 

2.05 

1.56 

Lost Day Rate (“LDR”)2 

40.6 

29.71 

35.82 

Absentee Rate (“AR”) 3 

0.92 

0.0082 

0.0066* 

* Restated to include HT Port Services for comparisons with FY2020 and FY2021. 

 

The Group have implemented necessary safety measures and reminders for all employees to 

prevent and reduce work-related injury. However, as every job entails some risk of work-related 

injuries, there were 4 recorded injuries in FY2021. Based on internal investigations, the injuries 

were caused by employee negligence, which is difficult to eradicate in nature. To further prevent 

work-related injury due to employee negligence, safety reminders and safety newsletters were 

published to re-emphasize the importance of work safety to all employees.  

With adequate safety measures in place and frequent reminders, the Group still strives to achieve 

zero fatalities and/or workplace injuries in the coming years. 

An increase in Lost Day Rate (“LDR”) in FY2021 was largely due to the pandemic as there was a 

decrease in the number of hours worked. To minimise the chances of potential outbreaks, the 

Group had encouraged all employees to report in sick if they exhibit Covid-19 related symptoms. 

The increase was also a result of medical leaves taken due to the side effects from the Covid-19 

vaccine. The Group has been encouraging employees to get vaccinated, and in the long term, we 

would expect the LDR to decrease.  

In FY2021, there were no incidents of fatalities across Hiap Tong’s business operations and there 

were no incidents of non-compliance with safety laws, requirements and/or standards. 

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE 

The Group’s operations are subject to compliance requirements of Singapore Building and 

Construction Authority (“BCA”) and the Ministry of Manpower. Our fleets are inspected and 

maintained regularly to ensure fully compliance with local regulations. Safety load tests are 

conducted to ensure all equipment and machinery are operating at optimal performance. Visual 

tests are conducted annually by professional engineer, who will issue a certificate of test and 

examination for our lifting machinery.  

Our crane operators are professionally certified and licensed by BCA to operate the lifting 

equipment safely. In addition, the Group’s operations are in full compliance with the Workplace 

Safety and Health Act and its subsidiary regulations. 

Besides fine resulting from mosquito breeding disclosed under Environmental Compliance section, 

there is no other fines and penalties due to socioeconomic non-compliance. The Group 

continuously review our operations to ensure compliance with regulatory developments, reducing 

our exposure to regulatory uncertainty that would affect business prospects.  

 

1 Injury rate refers to the number of work-related incidents per million manhours worked. 

2 Lost day rate refers to the number of man-days lost for every million hours worked. 

3 Absentee rate refers to number of days lost due to incapacity of any kind, not just as the result of work-related injury or disease, 

which expressed with the proportion to the total days scheduled to be worked. 


 

 

18 

 

 

GOVERNANCE 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

We hold ourselves to the highest standard of professional behaviour, which is essential for the 

long-term viability of the Company’s businesses and the enhancement of shareholder value. The 

Company ensures that all employees and members abide by the principles of professional integrity. 

Creation of an environment that encourages employees to be confident to speak up about potential 

concerns is of great importance to the Group. We believe that by upholding a high level of business 

integrity we will be able to attract and retain the best employees and partners. 

The management maintains strict disciplinary standard and requirements on its employees since 

the start of recruitment process. In addition, zero tolerance is applied to any employee involved in 

corruption or bribery.  

The Board is responsible to investigate complaints of suspected fraud in an objective manner and 

has put in place a whistle-blowing policy. The policy provides employees with well-defined and 

accessible channels within the Group, including a direct channel to the Audit Committee, for 

reporting suspected bribery, corruption, dishonest practices, or other similar matters.  

The whistle-blowing policy and procedures aims to encourage the reporting of such matters in good 

faith, with the confidence that employees making such reports will be treated fairly and, to the extent 

possible, be protected from reprisal. The policy and its effectiveness will be reviewed by the Audit 

Committee periodically, with recommendations regarding updates or amendments, if any, to be 

made to the Board as required. 

In FY2021, there were no incidents of regulatory non-compliance across Hiap Tong’s group of 

businesses. There were also no reported incidents pertaining to whistleblowing for this reporting 

period under review. The Group continues to work towards reinforcing a full compliance culture. 

Moving forward, the Audit Risk Management Committee will continue to support the Board in its 

oversight of anti-corruption and is responsible for driving Hiap Tong’s focus on implementing 

effective compliance and governance systems. At an operational level, the respective department 

within the Group continues to be responsible to identify, self-assess the adequacy and 

effectiveness of mitigating measures, and manage their financial, operational, information 

technology, compliance, and reputational related risks. 

Please refer to the Corporate Governance section of the Annual Report FY2021 for more 

information. 

 

 


 

 

19 

 

 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX 

This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

102-1  

Name of the 

organization 

Cover Page 

102-2  

Activities, brands, products, 

and services 

Page 4 of SR  

102-3  

Location of 

headquarters 

Page 4 of SR 

102-4  

Location of operations 

Page 4 of SR 

102-5  

Ownership and legal 

Form 

Page 4 of SR 

102-6  

Markets served 

Page 4 of SR 

102-7  

Scale of the 

organization 

Page 4 of SR 

102-8  

Information on 

employees and other workers 

Page 11 of SR 

102-9  

Supply chain 

Page 4 of SR 

102-10  

Significant changes to 

the organization and its 

supply chain 

No significant changes in supply chain 

102-11  

Precautionary Principle 

or approach 

Page 2 of SR 

102-12  

External initiatives 

Page 4 of SR 

102-13  

Membership of 

associations 

Page 8 of SR 

GRI 102: 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior 

decision-maker 

Page 3 of SR 

GRI 102: 

Ethics and 

Integrity 

102-16  

Values, principles, 

standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Page 4 of SR 

GRI 102: 

Governance 

102-18  

Governance structure 

Page 5 of SR 


 

 

20 

 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 102: 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-40  

List of stakeholder groups 

Page 7 of SR 

102-41  

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

Page 7 of SR 

102-42  

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

Page 7 of SR 

102-43  

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

Page 7 of SR 

102-44  

Key topics and concerns 

raised 

Page 7 of SR 

GRI 102: 

Reporting 

Practice 

102-45  

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

Refer to AR FY2021 

Notes to The Financial Statement – Note 6  

102-46  

Defining report content and 

topic Boundaries 

Page 2 of SR 

102-47  

List of material topics 

Page 4 of SR 

102-48  

Restatements of information 

Page 17 of SR 

102-49  

Changes in reporting 

No changes in reporting 

102-50  

Reporting period 

Page 2 of SR 

102-51  

Date of most recent report 

Page 2 of SR 

102-52  

Reporting cycle 

Page 2 of SR 

102-53  

Contact point for 

questions regarding the report 

Page 2 of SR 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

Page 2 of SR 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Page 19 of SR 

102-56  

External assurance 

The Group has not sought external assurance 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 

DMA 

Management approach 

disclosures 

Page 10 of SR 

307-1 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

Page 10 of SR 

GRI 401: 

Employment 

DMA 

Management approach 

disclosures 

Page 10 of SR 

401-1 

New employee hires and 

employee turnover 

Page 11 of SR 

401-2 

Benefits provided to 

full-time employees that are 

not provided to temporary or 

part-time employees 

Page 12 of SR 


 

 

21 

 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 401: 

Employment 

401-3 

Parental leave 

Page 12 of SR 

GRI 403: 

Occupational  

Health and Safety 

DMA 

Management approach 

disclosures 

Page 15 of SR 

403-1 

Occupational health and 

safety management system 

Page 15 of SR 

403-9 

Work-related injuries 

Page 17 of SR 

GRI 404  

Training  

and Education 

DMA 

Management approach 

disclosures 

Page 13 of SR 

404-1 

Average hours of training per 

year per employee  

Page 13 of SR 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading 

employee skills and transition 

assistance programmes 

Page 13 of SR 

404-3 

Percentage of employees 

receiving regular performance 

and career development 

reviews 

Page 14 of SR 

GRI 419 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

DMA 

Management approach 

disclosures 

Page 17 of SR 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws 

and regulations in the social 

and economic area 

Page 17 of SR 

GRI 205 

Anti-corruption 

DMA 

Management approach 

disclosures 

Page 18 of SR 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of 

corruption and actions taken 

Page 18 of SR 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


21 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Company Registration No. 200800657N 

22 Soon Lee Road  

Singapore 628082 

Tel: +65 6779 5050  

Fax: +65 6777 0841 

Email: sales@hiaptong.com 

Website: https://www.hiaptong.com 

 

 

 

 

 



