
0 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




1 

 

CONTENTS 

ABOUT THE REPORT ......................................................................................................................................... 2 

FEEDBACK ........................................................................................................................................................ 2 

BOARD STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY ........................................................................................................ 3 

ABOUT THE GROUP.......................................................................................................................................... 4 

GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE .............................................................................................................................. 5 

STRATEGIC APPROACH FOR SUSTAINABILITY .................................................................................................. 6 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT ......................................................................................................................... 7 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT ............................................................................................................................. 8 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE ..................................................................................................................... 9 

FAIR EMPLOYMENT........................................................................................................................................ 10 

TRAINING &amp; DEVELOPMENT .......................................................................................................................... 12 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH &amp; SAFETY ............................................................................................................... 13 

PRODUCT EXCELLENCE .................................................................................................................................. 15 

ANTI CORRUPTION ......................................................................................................................................... 17 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX ................................................................................ 18 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This sustainability report has been reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, CIMB Bank Berhad, Singapore Branch 

(“Sponsor”) in accordance with Rule 226(2)(b) of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing 

Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist. This sustainability report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and 

the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this sustainability report, including the correctness of any of 

the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this sustainability report.  

 

The contact persons for the Sponsor are Mr Yee Chia Hsing, Head, Catalist, Investment Banking and Mr Ken Lee, 

Associate Director, Investment Banking, CIMB Bank Berhad, Singapore Branch, at 50 Raffles Place, #09-01 Singapore 

Land Tower, Singapore 048623, Telephone: +65 6337 5115 


2 

 

ABOUT THE REPORT 

Reporting Boundary  

As a guide, this report covers operations and all subsidiaries for which the Group has management 

control, unless otherwise stated. It seeks to prove an overview of our approach, practices, 

commitment, and performance of the Group’s material Environmental, Social and Governance 

(“ESG”) topics.  

 

Reporting Period &amp; Standard 

The reporting period is the same as that of the financial year of the Group (1 April 2018 to 31 March 

2019).  This report was prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) 

Standards – “Core” reporting requirements. The GRI Standards is the most widely used and 

internationally accepted sustainability reporting framework. A GRI Index at the end of the report 

specifies the location of the relevant disclosures. 

 

Independent Assurance 

The ESG performance data presented in the report have mainly been extracted from internal 

information systems and original records to ensure accuracy. The Group has not sought external 

assurance for this sustainability report but have relied on internal verification to ensure the accuracy 

of data. 

 

FEEDBACK 

We are fully committed to our stakeholders and we welcome feedback on any aspect of our 

sustainability policies, processes and performance. Kindly address all feedback to 

sr@hiaptong.com.sg. Your feedback is vital to us in achieving our goals to build a sustainable and 

thriving business. As an attempt to promote environmental conservation, there will be no hard 

copies of this report.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




3 

 

BOARD STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY  

Hiap Tong Corporation Ltd. and its subsidiaries (“Hiap Tong” or the “Group”) is pleased to issue its 

second sustainability report prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards and in compliance 

with the SGX-ST guidelines on sustainability reporting.  

 

The Group endeavour and is committed to continually consider material environmental, social and 

governance topics as part of our core business strategy. The report seeks to present an accurate 

and even account of our practices and performance in our quest to be a sustainable, responsible 

corporate citizen. 

 

The Board of Directors (“Board”) and senior management (“Management”) remains committed to 

establish and maintain an effective Sustainability Management framework, which is supported by 

underlying internal controls, risk management practices, clear accountability and reporting process. 

The Board evaluates and considers ESG risks and opportunities relevant to the Group during the 

formulation of overall business strategy, objectives and performance measurements.  

 

The Sustainability Reporting (“SR”) Committee supports the Management in identifying the type of 

relevant ESG topics caused by its day-to-day operations. Management then determines the 

materiality of the ESG topics based on the level of significance of impact, and influence on 

stakeholder values, and the achievement of the Group’s strategic objectives. The Board supports 

and approves the identification and assessment parameters of material ESG topics.  

 

The ESG topics in this report reviewed by the Board and Management is assessed to be material 

and relevant. The Board and Management shall continue to dedicate leadership and maintain a 

high standard of sustainability governance to drive continuous and long-term growth for all its 

stakeholders. The Group will continue to work towards a balanced disclosure on the management 

and monitoring of material ESG topics for continual improvement. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


4 

 

ABOUT THE GROUP 

Corporate Profile 

Established since 1978, Hiap Tong is a leading provider of hydraulic lifting and haulage services to 

the marine, petrochemical and construction industries in Singapore. From a single 10 tonne mobile 

crane in 1980, the Group has expanded its combining lifting and haulage fleet size to an aggregate 

of 308 vehicles as at 31 March 2019, consisting of 124 cranes (with lifting capacities ranging from 

10 to 1200 tonnes) and 184 units of haulage equipment. Since 2009, Hiap Tong remains listed on 

the Catalist Board of the SGX-ST. 

 

Today, Hiap Tong offers the largest range of lifting capabilities in the hydraulic mobile crane 

category and we believe is the only Singapore company with the ability to provide mobile lifting 

services with lifting capacities of up to 1200 tonnes. Our current lifting capabilities of up to 1200 

tonnes allow us to undertake specialised lifting jobs. 

 

We pride ourselves as an integrated one-stop service provider, offering a complete solution to 

customers from lifting services, with our extensive fleet of mobile cranes, to transportation services, 

with our haulage fleet.  

 

 

 

With an established customer base of more than 300 customers, some of our notable customers 

include business units and affiliates of SembCorp Industries Ltd and Keppel Corporation Limited in 

the marine industry; ExxonMobil Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, and Sankyu (S) Pte Ltd. in the petrochemical 

industry; as well as Yong Nam Energy and Construction Pte Ltd and Shanghai Tunnel Engineering 

Co (Singapore) Pte Ltd in the construction industry. With our strong track record, business 

reputation and superior quality services, many of our major customers are repeat customers who 

have been doing business with us for more than 10 years. 

 

Vision 

To be the preferred choice in 

offering a complete solution to 

customers from lifting services, 

with our extensive fleet of 

mobile cranes to transportation 

services with our haulage fleet. 

Mission 

Enhance the strength and trust in our brand name through:  

• Commanding diversified range of products and 

customers; 

• Ensure continuity of businesses and preserve shareholder 

investment; and 

• Explore opportunities and growth prospects. 

 

 




5 

 

Financial Highlights  

 

 

For the financial year ended 31 Mar 2019 (“FY2019”), the Group’s revenue increased by S$10.9 

million or 25.5% from S$43.2 million for the financial year ended 31 Mar 2018 (“FY2018”) to S$54.2 

million. The increase was mainly attributed to an increase in the Group’s port services revenue by 

S$7.1 million as well as the leasing business revenue of S$3.8 million during the year. Cost of sales 

increased by S$7.8 million or 22.0% from S$35.6 million for FY2018 to S$43.4 million for FY2019, 

mainly due to higher salary related costs of S$7.3 million and higher upkeep and maintenance 

expenses of S$0.5 million.  

 

Gross profit increased by S$3.1 million or 41.3% from S$7.7 million (representing a gross margin 

of 17.7%) for FY2018 to S$10.8 million (representing a gross margin of 20.0%) for FY2019. The 

increase in gross profit was mainly due to the increase in revenue which was partially offset by an 

increase in cost of sales as explained above.  

 

Overall, the net profit for the year increased by S$1.1 million or 94.6% from S$1.1 million for FY2018 

to S$2.2 million for FY2019. 

Please refer to the Group’s annual report of FY2019 for detailed information on financial performance. 

 

 Awards &amp; Certification  

• 

Certification for ISO 9001 Quality Management System  

• 

BizSAFE Star Certification 

• 

Certification for OHSAS 18001 Occupational Health &amp; Safety Management System 

 

GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE 

Sustainability is integrated into our business and embedded across various roles and functions. 

The SR Committee comprising of specific working groups with senior management and board level 

representatives from across our different businesses executes and reports on the material ESG 

aspects. The Board and the Audit Committee review and oversee the management and monitoring 

of the material ESG factors of the Group to ensure that sustainability matters are considered as 

part of its business strategy. 




6 

 

STRATEGIC APPROACH FOR SUSTAINABILITY 

Hiap Tong firmly believes that while our businesses are driven by earnings, what we do must also 

have a positive impact on environment, employees and all other stakeholders in our value chain.  

 

In FY2019, the Group have with the help of an independent external consultant reviewed and 

defined our approach to sustainability management. We have identified four main aspects and non-

financial topics that are material to the sustainability of our economic performance and business 

operations (See Exhibit 1). 

 

Exhibit 1. An Overview Our Approach To Sustainability Management 

Three main aspects  

towards sustainability of our 

economic performance and 

business operations      

 

Economic Performance 1 

 

 

Environmental 

Management 

 

Organisational &amp; 

Relationship 

Management 

 

Corporate 

Governance &amp; 

Risk 

Management2 

 

 

 

 

 

Environmental 

Compliance 

 

Fair Employment  

 

Anti-Corruption  

 

 

 

 

Training &amp; 

Development 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Occupational 

Health &amp; Safety  

 

 

 

 

 

 

Product 

Excellence 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Our Materiality Assessment Process 

 

Supported by a systematic &amp; 

interactive process to identify, 

categorise and prioritise material 

ESG topics    

 

Identify 

Define a list of 

potential material 

ESG topics 

 

 

Categorise 

Refine the list of 

topics by 

clustering them 

into categories  

 

Prioritise  

Engage SR 

Committee for 

feedback and 

validation of each 

topics based on 

importance to 

internal and 

external 

stakeholders 

 

 

 

1. Please refer to Financial Statement of the annual report. 

2. Please refer to the Corporate Governance section of the annual report. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


7 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

Hiap Tong recognises that knowing and understanding the demands and concerns of stakeholders 

is key to sustainable growth and that regular engagement with stakeholders helps us to better 

determine material areas of focus. The Group operates and maintains diverse communication 

channels and platforms to listen to stakeholders’ requirements and opinions. 

 

Our stakeholders are those who have a considerable influence on our business, and whom our 

business has a significant impact on. In FY2019, the SR Committee with the support of independent 

external consultant have reviewed and ascertained that employees, customers, shareholder and 

investors, business partners remained as our key stakeholder groups (See Exhibit 2).  

 

Exhibit 2. Our Key Stakeholder Groups 

 

 

 

Employees 

We recognise that our employees are 

fundamental to the Group’s productivity and 

continuity. We aim to nurture them well to 

increase their engagement and contribution to 

the Group. 

 

Customers 

We strive to maximise our customer satisfaction, 

which reflects sales and revenue. We ensure 

that we understand our customer needs and 

expectations and we aim to build long lasting 

relationships with our customers so that they are 

likely to engage our services again. 

 

 

Shareholders and Investors 

We aim to maintain profitability in our Group and 

maximise shareholders’ return. We also strive to 

maintain corporate governance and improve 

level of transparency through reporting and 

communication. 

Business Partners 

We work closely with our business partners / 

subcontractors to ensure that all our operations 

that were carried out are in line with our 

sustainability efforts and industry practices. 

 

 

 

List of Memberships of Association 

In addition to engaging our stakeholders, we participate as members of organisations that include: 

• 

Singapore Crane Association 

• 

Association of Process Industry  

• 

Singapore Transport Association 

 

 

 

 


8 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

Materiality with respect to sustainability reporting, as defined by GRI Standards, includes topics 

and indicators that reflect the organisation’s significant economic, environmental, and social 

impacts; and would substantively influence the assessments and decisions of stakeholders. 

 

Guided by an external independent consultant and having considered the topics of concerns and 

expectation of identified key stakeholders. The SR Committee together with the Management have 

assessed and prioritised the material topics to focus on for the Group.  

 

Material ESG Topics 

2020 

Targets and Commitments  

ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT 

 

Environmental 

Compliance 

❖ Zero incidents of non-compliance 

❖ No significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with 

environmental laws and regulations 

ORGANISATIONAL &amp; RELATIONSHIP 

MANAGEMENT 

 

Fair Employment 

❖ Continue to promote diversity and equal opportunity in the workplace. 

❖ Comply with local labour regulations across our operations. 

Training and Education 

❖ Achieve an average of 2 hours of training per employee annually. 

❖ Ensure learning and development roadmap account for future skills 

required to improve the efficiency of the business. 

Occupational  

Health and Safety 

❖ Zero fatalities and/or workplace injuries. 

Product Excellence 

❖  Maintain existing quality and safety accreditation. 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  

 

 

Anti-Corruption 

❖ Zero incidents of bribery and corruption, including facilitation payment. 

❖ Zero tolerance towards all forms of bribery and corruption. 

 

The material ESG topics were also reviewed by the Board and determined as being relevant.  

Moving forward, to keep abreast of critical issues, the SR Committee, supporting the Board in its 

oversight, will continue to review annually material ESG topics against the changing business 

environment, stakeholder opinions, and emerging global and local trends. 

 

 

 

 

 

 


9 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

Environmental compliance forms an integral part of the Group’s sustainability philosophy. With 

increased pressure on corporations to be accountable for their environmental footprint and rising 

cost of natural resources, we endeavour to not just comply but also integrate the best sustainability 

practices across business operations to reduce adverse environmental impact on the ecosystem.  

 

Over the years, the Group’s operations continue to conform to local environmental laws and 

regulations. All employees of Hiap Tong are encouraged to be proactive and forthcoming in 

managing and reporting environmental related issues and complaints.  

 

In FY2019, there were no incidents of non-compliance and penalties pertaining to environmental-

related issues. The Board and Management continues to review and improve current 

environmental management system and practices and ensure that all our activities and operations 

comply with regulatory and customers’ requirements.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


10 

 

ORGANISATIONAL &amp; RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT 

FAIR EMPLOYMENT 

Our employees are one of our most valuable assets and the Group believes in and is committed to 

fair employment practices, upholding human rights principles and investing in developing and 

training our people. In FY2019, 270 people were hired, which translates to a 42% increase in the 

total number of employees as compared to FY2018. The overall turnover has also edged higher to 

8% in FY2019, as compared to 1% in FY2018. 

 

 

FY2018 

FY2019 

Total No. of Employees 

 

647 

 

846 

 

Distribution by Gender (%) 

 

 

 

 

          97% 

      3% 

           97% 

      3% 

 

 

 

 

FY2018 

FY2019 

 

New Hires 

 

 

 

 

 

Total No. of New Hire by Age Group  

Total No. 

% 

Total No. 

% 

21 

3 

270 

32 

All new hires were male due to the nature of industry which is 

providing lifting capabilities services with hydraulic mobile cranes. 

Age Group  

FY2018 

FY2019 

&lt; 30  

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

&lt; 30  

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

4 

10 

7 

89 

162 

19 

Rate of Turnover by Age Group  

19% 

48% 

33% 

33% 

60% 

7% 

 

 Turnover 

 

FY2018 

FY2019 

 

 

 

 

 

Total No. of Turnover by Age Group 

Total No. 

% 

Total No. 

% 

6 

1 

71 

8 

&lt; 30  

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

&lt; 30  

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

4 

2 

Nil 

40 

21 

10 

Rate of Turnover by Age Group 

67% 

33% 

Nil 

56% 

30% 

14% 

 

We strive to foster an inclusive and performance driven work environment to attract, retain and 

develop our talents. As an equal opportunity employer, the Group has instituted a fair system to 

ensure equal opportunities and non-preferential treatment for all employees. There is no preference 

or prejudice towards religion, age, ethnicity, any physical disability or gender. Employees are 

required to observe and adhere to all relevant policies and practices.  

Due to the inherent nature of labour-intensive work and physically challenging working conditions, 

the majority of our employees are male. Our female employees are mostly working in the Finance, 

Human Resource and Project Management departments. Hiap Tong makes a conscious effort to 


11 

 

maintain diversity in the middle management, to generate creativity and innovation and improve 

the organization’s culture. There were no reported incidences of discrimination raised by our 

employees in FY2019. 

The Group also has an open-door policy where employees are encouraged to speak-up or report 

grievances directly to their superior, head of department, human resource department, chief 

executive officer and/or independent directors. This is to reinforce our commitment to our 

employees to provide them with a workplace that is healthy, safe and secure. Across our business 

segments, there were no workplace grievance cases reported in FY2019. 

 

Employee Remuneration and Benefit 

The Group recognises the valuable contribution of all employees. We strongly believe in fair 

remuneration and sets packages which are competitive and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate 

personnel with adequate experience and expertise to manage the business and operations of the 

Group. In setting remuneration packages, the Group takes into account the regulatory 

requirements, salary, and employment conditions within the same industry and in comparable 

companies. In FY2019, in addition to the competitive remuneration offered, we extended our 

employees a set of benefits including but not limited to: 

 

Item 

Employment Benefits 

Descriptions 

1 

Foreign worker medical  

Covering foreign worker medical claims. 

2 

Work Injury Compensation Insurance 

Covering worker work injury. 

3 

Flexible Work Arrangement 

Creating work-life harmony at the workplace. 

4 

Various Allowances benefits 

Company has various allowances for entitled staffs such as housing 

allowance, attendance incentive, Sunday allowance, performance 

allowances, safety allowances and etc. 

5 

Annual Variable Bonus 

Annual variable bonus will be issued before each Chinese New Year. 

This bonus will be based on current market conditions, Group’s 

overall performance, as well as employee’s performance. 

6 

Salary increment 

Salary increment amount determined based on annual appraisals 

after year end. 

7 

Annual festival celebrations 

Embracing diversity and culture, we also celebrate important 

festivals as a company. 

 

The Group is in full compliance with local labour regulations across our operations, as well as 

minimum wage laws, where such laws exist. The Group endorses Singapore’s Tripartite Guidelines 

on Fair Employment Practices and the Employers’ Pledge of Fair Employment Practices and makes 

contributions to the Central Provident Fund scheme in Singapore, a defined pension scheme. For 

employees below 55 years old, Hiap Tong makes an additional contribution of 17% as an employer 

on top of the employee’s 20% contribution.  

 

In support of the Singapore government’s pro-family legislation, eligible working mothers and 

fathers who are legally married and whose new-born child is a Singapore citizen are entitled to 16 

weeks of maternity leave and 2 weeks of paternity leave respectively.  Eligible working parents of 

at least one Singapore citizen child who is less than seven years old; or between ages of 7 to 12 

(by extension); and employed by Hiap Tong at least for 3 continuous months are entitled to 6 days 

of paid childcare leave annually.  

 


12 

 

Being in an industry that is largely labour-intensive, we are dedicated to constantly reviewing our 

employment policies, benefits and remuneration practices to ensure compliance with the updated 

employment laws, to keep up with the best industry practices to provide the optimal working 

conditions for our people.  

 

The Group continually cultivates a transparent and inclusive environment for all employees, as well 

as ensures a top-down approach to promote fair and ethical business dealings. Hiap Tong 

maintains zero tolerance towards unethical labour practices such as child labour, forced labour, 

slavery and human trafficking across all our operations.  

 

TRAINING &amp; DEVELOPMENT 

The Group recognises that employees need to stay informed and be updated in their skill sets in 

the ever-changing work environment. To encourage and support our employees to develop their 

fullest potential and have a fulfilling career, both on-the-job and ad-hoc trainings are made available 

to our employees. Employees are encouraged to attend courses which are relevant to their work 

nature. 

 

 

FY2018 

FY2019 

Average Hours of Training  

Per Employee 

 

2 hours 

 

32 

 

It is understandable that all training provided were to male employees due to the nature of industry 

which is providing lifting capabilities services with hydraulic mobile cranes. On-job training hours 

were not included in this record. 

 

Programmes for Upgrading Employee Skills and Transition Assistance 

Programmes for upgrading employee skills allow Hiap Tong to plan skills upgrading and equip 

employees to meet strategic targets of the Group. More skilled employees enhance Hiap Tong’s 

human capital and contribute to employees’ satisfaction, which will then enhance overall 

performance. 

 

With this, Hiap Tong adopts various skill upgrading programmes with the objective of assisting to 

provide the upgrading of employees’ skills and to facilitate continued employability. These internal 

and external programmes include the following: 

 

Item  

Name of Programme 

Description 

1 

Tower crane apprenticeship programme 

Training programme for tower crane licence with on job 

training &amp; on-site assessment. 

2 

Crawler crane apprenticeship programme 

Training programme for crawler crane licence with on job 

training &amp; on-site assessment. 

3 

Mobile crane apprenticeship programme 

Training programme for mobile crane licence with on job 

training &amp; on-site assessment. 

4 

Perform signal rigger task 

Training to be a certified signal and rigger man. 

5 

Workplace safety &amp; health in construction sites  

Safety regulations in construction sites. 


13 

 

6 

Supervise safe lifting operations 

Safe lifting procedures. 

7 

Supervise construction work 

Safety regulations in construction sites. 

8 

Shipyard safety instruction course 

Shipyard safety. 

 

Performance and Career Development Review 

Performance and career development review of employees are performed during the performance 

appraisal process. This process is conducted on an annual basis whereby there will be two-way 

communication and engagement between supervisors and subordinates to assess the 

performance of the employee. Upon completion of the appraisal process, consideration of career 

advancement such as promotion; quantum of salary increments and annual variable bonus 

(disbursed yearly before Chinese New Year) will be determined based on the performance 

appraisal results. In FY2019, all employees are assessed and remunerated fairly based on their 

experience, qualifications and performance.  

 

The Group shall continue to provide training and education opportunities through development 

programmes wherever applicable and promote a conducive corporate environment where 

everyone could achieve their potential.  

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH &amp; SAFETY  

Safety is an integral part of our business, and a key focus area for our board of directors and senior 

management. Hiap Tong recognises that it is the company’ responsibility to ensure that everyone 

gets home safe every day. We firmly believe that all our employees deserve to work in a safe and 

healthy environment and that a conducive working environment will not only boost employees’ 

morale, but also increase the overall workforce’s productivity and efficiency. 

 

Occupational Health &amp; Safety Management Framework 

The Group pledges for zero accidents throughout all 

work activities to safe guard the environment and 

safety and health of all employees, subcontractors, 

supplier and public. Processes are in place to 

identify, mitigate and report risks and communicate 

best practices across the Group, and we work with 

our employees and stakeholders to ensure that they 

understand our requirements and expectations. 

 

Hiap Tong strives to continually achieve safety 

certifications in line with global best practices. The 

Group continues to maintain its Occupational Health 

and 

Safety 

Assessment 

System 

(“OHSAS”) 

18001:2007 and bizSAFE Level Star certifications, 

reflecting our strong commitment in providing a safe 

working environment for all employees. The Board 

and Management maintains oversight and monitors 

the health and safety performance of the Group. 

Key Elements of Our Health &amp; Safety System 

 

Policy 

Planning

Implementation 

and Operation

Checking and 

Correction 

Action

Management 

Review

Continual 

Improvement


14 

 

 

Safety programmes such as toolbox meetings, campaigns, and emergency fire drills are conducted 

throughout the year. To maintain and ensure effectiveness of our policies and management system, 

an external audit conducted by an independent organisation are conducted annually.  

 

The Group seeks to learn from past mistakes and strive to prevent similar incidents from 

reoccurring. As part of our skills-training programme, we consistently schedule workplace health 

and safety briefings to review our safety practices with workers. For near-miss incidents, we will 

promptly have a review briefing dedicated to analysing the situation and to remind our workers of 

the relevant safety measures and precautions, as well as the safety protocols in the event of 

incidents.  

 

We also ensure each worker is well protected before the start of each assignment, through 

documenting on the personal protective equipment record to ensure that each worker is sufficiently 

equipped with protective gears for their related job-scope. We have also developed a list of 

protocols and precautions for workers, to ensure that their safety is fully covered in all areas of 

work.   

 

Workplace Health &amp; Safety Performance 

Category 

FY2019 

Total 

Number of Injuries 

7 

Injury Rate (“IR”) 3 

1.56 

Lost Day Rate (“LDR”) 4 

35.82 

Absentee Rate (“AR”) 5 

0.2 

 

In FY2019, there were no incidents of fatalities across Hiap Tong’s business operations. The Group 

strives to continue to maintain its health &amp; safety standards and continuous improvement in its 

Operational Health and Safety processes and performance. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

3.  Injury rate refers to the number of work-related incidents per million manhours worked. 

4.  Lost day rate refers to the number of man-days lost for every million hours worked. 

5.  Absentee rate refers to number of days lost due to incapacity of any kind, not just as the result of work-related injury or disease,  

    which expressed with the proportion to the total days scheduled to be worked. 


15 

 

PRODUCT EXCELLENCE 

The Group is committed to adding value to its clients and delivering product and service excellence. 

Recognising that the health and safety of our customers in the provision and use of our products 

and services are of utmost importance to us. Hiap Tong operates Quality, Environmental, Health, 

Safety Management System to the ISO 9001 and OHSAS 18001 Standard to support a systematic 

approach to address quality, health and safety-related concerns across lift cycle of our product and 

services.  

 

Quality &amp; Customer Health and Safety 

The Group has established a Quality, Environment, Health, and Safety Management System 

(“QEHSS”) policy which includes the following criteria: 

1. Consistently meeting client’s satisfaction through providing quality product and service 

excellence; 

2. Ensuring that all our projects are delivered on time, as specified by our clients; 

3. Providing training on QEHSS awareness for all employees; 

4. Preventing / Eliminating / Minimizing and controlling the risk due to occupational health 

and safety hazards, including those arising from terror threats; 

5. Eliminating / Minimizing and controlling the pollution and environmental impacts 

associated with our activities; 

6. Complying with all applicable legal and other requirements; 

7. Continual improvement of Quality, Environmental &amp; Occupational Health and Safety 

performance through monitoring and review of set objectives and targets; 

8. Communicating and making available this policy to all employees, subcontractors and 

suppliers; and 

9. Establishing measurable objective, targets, programmes and procedures for continual 

improvement in Quality, Environmental &amp; Occupational Health and Safety performance 

and top management who is accountable for it shall review periodically to ensure its 

effectiveness &amp; for continual improvement.  

 

The Group actively seeks out customers’ feedback and suggestions to better understand their 

needs, so that it can translate such feedback to improvements of our products and services. The 

Management is actively involved in monitoring quality, environmental, health and safety 

performance and assessing areas for improvement on an on-going basis. The Group’s QEHSS 

policy is reviewed minimally once every year to ensure its continuing suitability. 

 

On-Going Review &amp; Assessment 

Our fleets are inspected and maintained regularly to ensure safety load test requirements are met 

and are always operating at optimal performance. Visual tests are conducted annually by a 

professional engineer, who will issue a certificate of test and examination for our lifting machinery.  

 

Our crane operators are professionally certified and licensed by the Singapore Building and 

Construction Authority as well as experienced to operate the lifting equipment safely. Our 

operations fully comply with the Workplace Safety and Health (WSH) Act and its subsidiary 

regulations giving our customers an extra peace of mind when it comes to risk management for 

high risk activities.  


16 

 

The significant product categories for which health and safety impacts are assessed for 

improvement are as follows: 

• 

Mobile cranes/ crawler cranes; 

• 

Prime Movers; and 

• 

Lifting gears 

 

The criteria used for assessment for the significant products and services stated above are 

assessed in accordance with lifting machine certificate, lifting gear certificate, and an annual 

checklist that is prepared internally. 

 

Supply Chain 

As a sustainable company offering a complete solution to customers from lifting services with our 

extensive fleet of mobile cranes and transportation services with our haulage fleet, we source our 

mobile cranes from mainly Germany, Japan and China.  

 

In selecting the supply of the hydraulic mobile cranes, suppliers are assessed under stringent 

criteria. These include track records, financial strength as well as commitments towards high 

quality, health and safety standards.  

 

Compliance 

In FY2019, there were no incidents of non-compliance with regulations concerning the health and 

safety impacts of products and services 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


17 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 

ANTI CORRUPTION 

Hiap Tong is committed to uphold the highest standards of corporate governance and business 

integrity across its business activities, which are essential for the long-term viability of the Group’s 

businesses and the enhancement of shareholder value.  

 

The Board undertakes to investigate complaints of suspected fraud in an objective manner and has 

put in place a whistle-blowing policy and procedures which provide employees with well-defined 

and accessible channels within the Group, including a direct channel to the Audit Committee, for 

reporting suspected bribery, corruption, dishonest practices or other similar matters. 

 

The policy aims to encourage the reporting of such matters in good faith, with the confidence that 

employees making such reports will be treated fairly and, to the extent possible, be protected from 

reprisal.  The policy and its effectiveness will be reviewed by the Audit Committee periodically, with 

recommendations regarding updates or amendments, if any, to be made to the Board as required.  

 

In FY2019, there were no incidents of regulatory non-compliance across Hiap Tong’s group of 

businesses. There were also no reported incidents pertaining to whistle-blowing for this reporting 

period under review. The Group continues to work towards reinforcing a full compliance culture. 

 

Moving Forward 

The Audit Committee continues to support the Board in its oversight of anti-corruption and is 

responsible for driving Hiap Tong’s focus on implementing effective compliance and governance 

systems. At an operational level, the respective department within the Group continues to be 

responsible to identify, self-assess the adequacy and effectiveness of mitigating measures, and 

manage their financial, operational, information technology, compliance and reputational related 

risks. 

 

Please refer to the Corporate Governance section of the annual report for more information. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


18 

 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX 

This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

102-1 * 

Name of the 

organization 

Cover Page 

102-2 * 

Activities, brands, products, 

and services 

Page 4,  

Refer to AR FY2019 – Page 38 

Notes to The Finance Statement – Note 1  

102-3 * 

Location of 

headquarters 

Back Cover 

102-4 * 

Location of operations 

Refer to AR FY2019 – Page 6 

Group Structure  

102-5 * 

Ownership and legal 

form 

Refer to AR FY2019  

Notes to The Finance Statement  

– Notes 1, 14 to 16 

102-6 * 

Markets served 

Page 4,  

Refer to AR FY2019 – Page 5 

Chairman’s Message  

102-7 * 

Scale of the 

organization 

Page 4,  

Refer to AR FY2019 – Page 5 

Chairman’s Message 

102-8 * 

Information on 

employees and other workers 

Page 10 

102-9 * 

Supply chain 

Page 16 

102-10 * 

Significant changes to 

the organization and its 

supply chain 

No significant changes 

102-11 * 

Precautionary principle 

or approach 

Page 6 

102-12 * 

External initiatives 

Page 5 

102-13 * 

Membership of 

associations 

Page 7 

GRI 102: 

Strategy 

102-14 * 

Statement from senior 

decision-maker 

Refer to AR FY2019 

 Chairman’s Message 

GRI 102: 

Ethics and 

Integrity 

102-16 * 

Values, principles, 

standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Page 4 

GRI 102: 

Governance 

102-18 * 

Governance structure 

Page 6 

Refer to AR FY2019  

Corporate Governance 

Corporate Structure 


19 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 102: 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-40 * 

List of stakeholder groups 

 

Page 7 

102-41 * 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

None 

102-42 * 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

Page 7 

102-43 * 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

Page 7 

102-44 * 

Key topics and concerns 

raised 

Page 8 

GRI 102: 

Reporting 

Practice 

102-45 * 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

Refer to AR FY2019 – 

 Page 40 to 41, 56 to 57 Notes to The Finance 

Statement – Note 3.1 and Note 6 

102-46 * 

Defining report content and 

topic Boundaries 

Page 3 

102-47 * 

List of material topics 

Page 8 

102-48 * 

Restatements of information 

No restatement 

102-49 * 

Changes in reporting 

No significant changes from previous reporting 

periods in the list of material topics and topic 

boundaries. 

102-50 * 

Reporting period 

Page 3 

102-51 * 

Date of most recent report 

FY2018 Inaugural Sustainability Report 

102-52 * 

Reporting cycle 

1 April 2018 to 31 March 2019 

 

102-53 * 

Contact point for 

questions regarding the report 

Page 3 

 

102-54 * 

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

Core option 

 

102-55 * 

GRI content index 

Page 18 - 20 

 

102-56 * 

External Assurance 

The Group has not sought external assurance for 

this sustainability report. 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

Page 9 

307-1 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

Page 9 

 

 


20 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 401: 

Fair Employment 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

Page 10 - 11 

401-1 

New employee hires and 

employee turnover 

Page 10 

401-2 

Benefits provided to 

full-time employees that are 

not provided to temporary or 

part-time employees 

Page 11 

401-3 

Parental leave 

Page 11 

GRI 403: 

Occupational  

Health and Safety 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

Page 13 

403-1 

Occupational Health and 

Safety Management System 

Page 13 - 14 

403-2 

Types of injury and rate of 

injury 

Page 14 

GRI 404  

Training  

&amp; Education 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

Page 12 

404-1 

Average hours of training per 

year per employee  

Page 12 

404-2 

Programmes for upgrading 

employee skills and transition 

assistance programmes 

Page 12 

404-3 

Percentage of employees 

receiving regular performance 

and career development 

reviews 

Page 13 

All employees are assessed regularly and 

remunerated fairly based on their experience, 

qualifications and performance. 

 

GRI 416: 

Customer Health 

and Safety 

 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

Page 15 – 16 

416-1 

Assessment of the health and 

safety impacts of product and 

service categories 

Page 15-16 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning the health and 

safety impacts of products 

and services 

Page 16 

GRI 205 

Anti-Corruption 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

Page 17, 

 Refer to AR FY2019 – Page 23  

 Corporate Governance 

GRI 205-3 

Confirmed incidents of 

corruption and actions taken 

Page 17, 

 Refer to AR FY2019 – Page 23 

 Corporate Governance 

 

 

 

 

 

 


21 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Company Registration No. 200800657N 

22 Soon Lee Road  

Singapore 628082 

Tel: +65 6779 5050  

Fax: +65 6777 0841 

Email: sales@hiaptong.com 

Website: https://www.hiaptong.com 

 

 

 

 

 



