
0 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




1 

 

CONTENTS 

ABOUT THE REPORT ......................................................................................................................................... 2 

FEEDBACK ........................................................................................................................................................ 2 

BOARD STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY ........................................................................................................ 3 

ABOUT THE GROUP.......................................................................................................................................... 4 

GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE .............................................................................................................................. 5 

STRATEGIC APPROACH FOR SUSTAINABILITY .................................................................................................. 6 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT ......................................................................................................................... 7 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT ............................................................................................................................. 8 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE ..................................................................................................................... 9 

FAIR EMPLOYMENT........................................................................................................................................ 10 

TRAINING &amp; DEVELOPMENT .......................................................................................................................... 12 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH &amp; SAFETY ............................................................................................................... 13 

PRODUCT EXCELLENCE .................................................................................................................................. 15 

ANTI CORRUPTION ......................................................................................................................................... 17 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX ................................................................................ 18 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This sustainability report has been reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, CIMB Bank Berhad, Singapore Branch 

(“Sponsor”) in accordance with Rule 226(2)(b) of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing 

Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist. This sustainability report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and 

the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this sustainability report, including the correctness of any of 

the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this sustainability report.  

 

The contact persons for the Sponsor are Mr Yee Chia Hsing, Head, Catalist, Investment Banking and Mr Ken Lee, 

Associate Director, Investment Banking, CIMB Bank Berhad, Singapore Branch, at 50 Raffles Place, #09-01 Singapore 

Land Tower, Singapore 048623, Telephone: +65 6337 5115 


2 

 

ABOUT THE REPORT 

Reporting Boundary  

As a guide, this report covers operations and all subsidiaries for which the Group has management 

control, unless otherwise stated. It seeks to prove an overview of our approach, practices, 

commitment, and performance of the Group’s material Environmental, Social and Governance 

(“ESG”) topics.  

 

Reporting Period &amp; Standard 

The reporting period is the same as that of the financial year of the Group (1 April 2019 to 31 March 

2020). This report was prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) 

Standards – “Core” reporting requirements. The GRI Standards is the most widely used and 

internationally accepted sustainability reporting framework. A GRI Index at the end of the report 

specifies the location of the relevant disclosures. 

 

Independent Assurance 

The ESG performance data presented in the report have mainly been extracted from internal 

information systems and original records to ensure accuracy. The Group has not sought external 

assurance for this sustainability report but have relied on internal verification to ensure the accuracy 

of data. 

 

FEEDBACK 

We are fully committed to our stakeholders and we welcome feedback on any aspect of our 

sustainability policies, processes and performance. Kindly address all feedback to 

sr@hiaptong.com.sg. Your feedback is vital to us in achieving our goals to build a sustainable and 

thriving business. As an attempt to promote environmental conservation, there will be no hard 

copies of this report.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




3 

 

BOARD STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY  

Hiap Tong Corporation Ltd. and its subsidiaries (“Hiap Tong” or the “Group”) is pleased to issue its 

third sustainability report prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards and in compliance with 

the SGX-ST guidelines on sustainability reporting.  

 

The Group endeavour and is committed to continually consider material environmental, social and 

governance topics as part of our core business strategy. The report seeks to present an accurate 

and even account of our practices and performance in our quest to be a sustainable, responsible 

corporate citizen. 

 

The Board of Directors (“Board”) and senior management (“Management”) remains committed to 

establish and maintain an effective Sustainability Management framework, which is supported by 

underlying internal controls, risk management practices, clear accountability and reporting process. 

The Board evaluates and considers ESG risks and opportunities relevant to the Group during the 

formulation of overall business strategy, objectives and performance measurements.  

 

The Sustainability Reporting (“SR”) Committee supports the Management in identifying the type of 

relevant ESG topics caused by its day-to-day operations. Management then determines the 

materiality of the ESG topics based on the level of significance of impact, and influence on 

stakeholder values, and the achievement of the Group’s strategic objectives. The Board supports 

and approves the identification and assessment parameters of material ESG topics.  

 

The ESG topics in this report reviewed by the Board and Management is assessed to be material 

and relevant. The Board and Management shall continue to dedicate leadership and maintain a 

high standard of sustainability governance to drive continuous and long-term growth for all its 

stakeholders. The Group will continue to work towards a balanced disclosure on the management 

and monitoring of material ESG topics for continual improvement. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


4 

 

ABOUT THE GROUP 

Corporate Profile 

Established since 1978, Hiap Tong is a leading provider of hydraulic lifting and haulage services to 

the marine, petrochemical and construction industries in Singapore. From a single 10 tonne mobile 

crane in 1980, the Group has expanded its combining lifting and haulage fleet size to an aggregate 

of  about 346 vehicles as at 31 March 2020, consisting of 128 cranes (with lifting capacities ranging 

from 10 to 1200 tonnes) and 218 units of haulage equipment. Since 2009, Hiap Tong remains listed 

on the Catalist Board of the SGX-ST.  

 

Today, Hiap Tong offers the largest range of lifting capabilities in the hydraulic mobile crane 

category and we believe is the only Singapore company with the ability to provide mobile lifting 

services with lifting capacities of up to 1200 tonnes. Our current lifting capabilities of up to 1200 

tonnes allow us to undertake specialised lifting jobs. 

 

We pride ourselves as an integrated one-stop service provider, offering a complete solution to 

customers from lifting services, with our extensive fleet of mobile cranes, to transportation services, 

with our haulage fleet.  

 

 

 

With an established customer base of more than 300 customers, some of our notable customers 

include business units and affiliates of SembCorp Industries Ltd and Keppel Corporation Limited in 

the marine industry; ExxonMobil Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, and Sankyu (S) Pte Ltd. in the petrochemical 

industry; as well as Yong Nam Engineering and Construction Pte Ltd and GS Engineering &amp; 

Construction Corp. in the construction industry. With our strong track record, business reputation 

and superior quality services, many of our major customers are repeat customers who have been 

doing business with us for more than 10 years. 

 

Vision 

To be the preferred choice in 

offering a complete solution to 

customers from lifting services, 

with our extensive fleet of 

mobile cranes to transportation 

services with our haulage fleet. 

Mission 

Enhance the strength and trust in our brand name through:  

• Commanding diversified range of products and 

customers; 

• Ensure continuity of businesses and preserve shareholder 

investment; and 

• Explore opportunities and growth prospects 

 

 




5 

 

Financial Highlights  

 

Please refer to the Group’s annual report (“Annual Report”) for the financial year ended 31 March 

2020 (“FY2020”) for detailed analysis and commentary of financial performance. 

 

 Awards &amp; Certification  

• 

Certification for ISO 9001 Quality Management System  

• 

BizSAFE Star Certification 

• 

Certification for ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety  

 

GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE 

Sustainability is integrated into our business and embedded across various roles and functions. 

The SR Committee comprising of specific working groups with senior management and board level 

representatives from across our different businesses executes and reports on the material ESG 

aspects. The Board and the Audit Committee review and oversee the management and monitoring 

of the material ESG factors of the Group to ensure that sustainability matters are considered as 

part of its business strategy. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




6 

 

STRATEGIC APPROACH FOR SUSTAINABILITY 

Hiap Tong firmly believes that while our businesses are driven by earnings, what we do must also 

have a positive impact on environment, employees and all other stakeholders in our value chain.  

 

In FY2020, the Management with the help of an independent external consultant reviewed the 

Group’s approach to sustainability management. The Board and the Management is committed to 

operate sustainably by also focusing on environmental management, organisational and 

relationship management, corporate governance and risk management. The main aspects and 

non-financial topics that are material to the sustainability of our economic performance and 

business operations are presented in Exhibit 1.  

 

Exhibit 1. An Overview Of Our Approach To Sustainability Management 

Three main aspects  

towards sustainability of our 

economic performance and 

business operations      

 

Economic Performance 1 

 

 

Environmental 

Management 

 

Organisational 

and Relationship 

Management 

 

Corporate 

Governance  

and Risk 

Management2 

 

 

 

 

 

Environmental 

Compliance 

 

Fair Employment  

 

Anti-Corruption  

 

 

 

 

Training and 

Education 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Occupational 

Health and Safety  

 

 

 

 

 

 

Product 

Excellence 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Our Materiality Assessment Process 

 

Supported by a systematic and 

interactive process to identify, 

categorise and prioritise material 

ESG topics    

 

Identify 

Define a list of 

potential material 

ESG topics 

 

 

Categorise 

Refine the list of 

topics by 

clustering them 

into categories  

 

Prioritise  

Engage SR 

Committee for 

feedback and 

validation of each 

topics based on 

importance to 

internal and 

external 

stakeholders 

 

 

 

1. Please refer to Financial Statements contained in the Annual Report. 

2. Please refer to the Corporate Governance section of the Annual Report. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


7 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

Hiap Tong recognises that knowing and understanding the demands and concerns of stakeholders 

is key to sustainable growth and that regular engagement with stakeholders helps us to better 

determine material areas of focus. The Group operates and maintains diverse communication 

channels and platforms to listen to stakeholders’ requirements and opinions. 

 

Our stakeholders are those who have a considerable influence on our business, and whom our 

business has a significant impact on. In FY2020, the SR Committee with the support of independent 

external consultant have reviewed and ascertained that employees, customers, shareholder and 

investors, business partners remained as our key stakeholder groups (See Exhibit 2).  

 

Exhibit 2. Our Key Stakeholder Groups 

 

 

 

Employees 

We recognise that our employees are 

fundamental to the Group’s productivity and 

continuity. We aim to nurture them well to 

increase their engagement and contribution to 

the Group. 

 

Customers 

We strive to maximise our customer satisfaction, 

which reflects sales and revenue. We ensure 

that we understand our customer needs and 

expectations and we aim to build long lasting 

relationships with our customers so that they are 

likely to engage our services again. 

 

 

Shareholders and Investors 

We aim to maintain profitability in our Group and 

maximise shareholders’ return. We also strive to 

maintain corporate governance and improve 

level of transparency through reporting and 

communication. 

Business Partners 

We work closely with our business partners / 

subcontractors to ensure that all our operations 

that were carried out are in line with our 

sustainability efforts and industry practices. 

 

 

 

List of Memberships of Association 

In addition to engaging our stakeholders, we participate as members of organisations that include: 

• 

Singapore Crane Association 

• 

Association of Process Industry  

• 

Singapore Transport Association 

 

 

 

 

 


8 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

Materiality with respect to sustainability reporting, as defined by GRI Standards, includes topics 

and indicators that reflect the organisation’s significant economic, environmental, and social 

impacts; and would substantively influence the assessments and decisions of stakeholders. In 

FY2020, guided by an external independent consultant and having considered the topics of 

concerns and expectation of identified key stakeholders, the SR Committee together with the 

Management have assessed and prioritised the material topics to focus on for the Group. These 

material ESG topics were also reviewed by the Board and determined as being relevant.   

 

Material  

ESG Topics 

FY 2021 

Targets and Commitments  

ECONOMIC 

Economic Performance 

Please refer to Financial Statements contained in the Annual Report. 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

Environmental Compliance 

❖ Zero incidents of non-compliance 

❖ No significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with 

environmental laws and regulations 

SOCIAL 

Fair Employment 

❖ 

Continue to promote diversity and equal opportunity in the workplace 

❖ 

Comply with local labour regulations across our operations 

Training and Education 

❖ 

Maintain more than 10 hours of training per employee annually 

❖ 

Ensure learning and development roadmap account for future skills 

required to improve the efficiency of the business 

Occupational  

Health and Safety 

❖ 

Zero fatalities and/or workplace injuries. 

Product Excellence 

❖ 

Maintain existing quality and safety accreditation 

GOVERNANCE 

Anti-Corruption 

❖ 

Zero tolerance to bribery and corruption, including facilitation payment 

 

Moving forward, to keep abreast of critical issues, the SR Committee, supporting the Board in its 

oversight, will continue to review annually material ESG topics against the changing business 

environment, stakeholder opinions, and emerging global and local trends. 

 

 

 

 


9 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

Environmental compliance forms an integral part of the Group’s sustainability philosophy. With 

increased pressure on corporations to be accountable for their environmental footprint and rising 

cost of natural resources, we endeavour to not just comply but also integrate the best sustainability 

practices across business operations to reduce adverse environmental impact on the ecosystem.  

 

Over the years, the Group’s operations continue to conform to local environmental laws and 

regulations. All employees of Hiap Tong are encouraged to be proactive and forthcoming in 

managing and reporting environmental related issues and complaints.  

 

The key environmental regulations that the Group is required to comply with are: 

• 

Environmental Protection and Management Act (Cap. 94A) 

• 

Environmental Public Health Act (Cap. 95) 

 

In FY2020, there were no incidents of non-compliance and penalties pertaining to environmental-

related issues. The Board and Management continues to review and improve current 

environmental management system and practices and ensure that all our activities and operations 

comply with regulatory and customers’ requirements.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


10 

 

ORGANISATIONAL AND RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT 

FAIR EMPLOYMENT 

Our employees are one of our most valuable assets and the Group believes in and is committed to 

fair employment practices, upholding human rights principles and investing in developing and 

training our people. In FY2020, the total number of employees remained comparable to that of 

FY2019. The gender distribution of new hires in FY2020, of which 97% were male, remained 

unchanged due to the nature of the industry. The percentage of new hires below 50 years is 

approximately 89%. 

 

 

FY2020 

FY2019 

Total No. of Employees 

 

868 

 

846 

 

Distribution by Gender (%) 

 

 

 

 

          97% 

      3% 

           97% 

      3% 

 

 

 

 

FY2020 

FY2019 

 

New Hires 

 

 

 

 

 

Total No. of New Hire by Age Group  

Total No. 

% 

Total No. 

% 

321 

37% 

270 

32% 

97% of new hires were male due to the nature of industry which is 

providing lifting capabilities services with hydraulic mobile cranes. 

Age Group  

FY2020 

FY2019 

&lt; 30  

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

&lt; 30  

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

175 

109 

37 

89 

162 

19 

% by Age Group  

55% 

34% 

11% 

33% 

60% 

7% 

 

 Turnover 

 

FY2020 

FY2019 

 

 

 

 

 

Total No. of Turnover by Age Group 

Total No. 

% 

Total No. 

% 

244 

28 

71 

8 

&lt; 30  

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

&lt; 30  

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

87 

119 

38 

40 

21 

10 

% by Age Group 

36% 

49% 

15% 

56% 

30% 

14% 

 

We strive to foster an inclusive and performance driven work environment to attract, retain and 

develop our talents. As an equal opportunity employer, the Group has instituted a fair system to 

ensure equal opportunities and non-preferential treatment for all employees. There is no preference 

or prejudice towards religion, age, ethnicity, any physical disability or gender. Employees are 

required to observe and adhere to all relevant policies and practices. The Group remains committed 

in continuing to embrace diversity, and equal opportunity in the workplace and remained compliant 

with respective to local regulations across operations. 


11 

 

Due to the inherent nature of labour-intensive work and physically challenging working conditions, 

the majority of our employees are male. Our female employees are mostly working in the Finance, 

Human Resource and Project Management departments. Hiap Tong makes a conscious effort to 

maintain diversity in the middle management, to generate creativity and innovation and improve 

the organization’s culture. There were no reported incidences of discrimination raised by our 

employees in FY2020. 

The Group also has an open-door policy where employees are encouraged to speak-up or report 

grievances directly to their superior, head of department, human resource department, chief 

executive officer and/or independent directors. This is to reinforce our commitment to our 

employees to provide them with a workplace that is healthy, safe and secure. Across our business 

segments, there were no workplace grievance cases reported in FY2020. 

 

Employee Remuneration and Benefit 

The Group recognises the valuable contribution of all employees. We strongly believe in fair 

remuneration and sets packages which are competitive and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate 

personnel with adequate experience and expertise to manage the business and operations of the 

Group. In setting remuneration packages, the Group takes into account the regulatory 

requirements, salary, and employment conditions within the same industry and in comparable 

companies. In FY2020, in addition to the competitive remuneration offered, we extended our 

employees a set of benefits including but not limited to: 

 

Item 

Employment Benefits 

Descriptions 

1 

Foreign worker medical  

Covering foreign worker medical claims. 

2 

Work Injury Compensation Insurance 

Covering worker work injury. 

3 

Flexible Work Arrangement 

Creating work-life harmony at the workplace. 

4 

Various Allowances benefits 

Company has various allowances for entitled staffs such as housing 

allowance, attendance incentive, Sunday allowance, performance 

allowances, safety allowances and etc. 

5 

Annual Variable Bonus 

Annual variable bonus will be issued before each Chinese New Year. 

This bonus will be based on current market conditions, Group’s 

overall performance, as well as employee’s performance. 

6 

Salary increment 

Salary increment amount determined based on annual appraisals 

after year end. 

7 

Annual festival celebrations 

Embracing diversity and culture, we also celebrate important 

festivals as a company. 

 

In FY2020, the Group remained in full compliance with local labour regulations across our 

operations, as well as minimum wage laws, where such laws exist. The Group endorses 

Singapore’s Tripartite Guidelines on Fair Employment Practices and the Employers’ Pledge of Fair 

Employment Practices and makes contributions to the Central Provident Fund scheme in 

Singapore, a defined pension scheme. For employees below 55 years old, Hiap Tong makes an 

additional contribution of 17% as an employer on top of the employee’s 20% contribution.  

 

In support of the Singapore government’s pro-family legislation, eligible working mothers and 

fathers who are legally married and whose new-born child is a Singapore citizen are entitled to 16 

weeks of maternity leave and 2 weeks of paternity leave respectively.  Eligible working parents of 

at least one Singapore citizen child who is less than seven years old; or between ages of 7 to 12 


12 

 

(by extension); and employed by Hiap Tong at least for 3 continuous months are entitled to 6 days 

of paid childcare leave annually.  

 

Being in an industry that is largely labour-intensive, we are dedicated to constantly reviewing our 

employment policies, benefits and remuneration practices to ensure compliance with the updated 

employment laws, to keep up with the best industry practices to provide the optimal working 

conditions for our people.  

 

The Group continually cultivates a transparent and inclusive environment for all employees, as well 

as ensures a top-down approach to promote fair and ethical business dealings. Hiap Tong 

maintains zero tolerance towards unethical labour practices such as child labour, forced labour, 

slavery and human trafficking across all our operations.  

 

TRAINING &amp; EDUCATION 

The Group regularly review its training needs and requirements by keeping abreast of government 

regulatory requirements, as well as technological changes in the industry. We try out best to 

incorporate best practices from clients with the highest standards such as ExxonMobil and 

constantly encourage employees to be pro-active and continue upgrading to develop their fullest 

potential and have a fulfilling career. To achieve that, both on-the-job and ad-hoc trainings are 

made available to our employees. All employees are encouraged to attend courses which are 

relevant to their work nature. 

 

 

FY2020 

FY2019 

Average Hours of Training  

Per Employee 

 

16 

 

32 

 

It is understandable that all training provided were to male employees due to the nature of industry 

which is providing lifting capabilities services with hydraulic mobile cranes. In FY2020, the Group 

continues to achieve its target of more than 10 hours of training per employee in a calendar year.  

 

Programmes for Upgrading Employee Skills and Transition Assistance 

Programmes for upgrading employee skills allow Hiap Tong to plan skills upgrading and equip 

employees to meet strategic targets of the Group. More skilled employees enhance Hiap Tong’s 

human capital and contribute to employees’ satisfaction, which will then enhance overall 

performance. 

 

With this, Hiap Tong adopts various skill upgrading programmes with the objective of assisting to 

provide the upgrading of employees’ skills and to facilitate continued employability. These internal 

and external programmes include the following: 

 

Item  

Name of Programme 

Description 

1 

Tower crane apprenticeship programme 

Training programme for tower crane licence with on job 

training &amp; on-site assessment 

2 

Crawler crane apprenticeship programme 

Training programme for crawler crane licence with on job 

training &amp; on-site assessment 

3 

Mobile crane apprenticeship programme 

Training programme for mobile crane licence with on job 

training &amp; on-site assessment 


13 

 

4 

Perform signal rigger task 

Training to be a certified signal and rigger man 

5 

Workplace safety &amp; health in construction sites  

Safety regulations in construction sites, as well as 

occupational first aid courses 

6 

Supervise safe lifting operations 

Safe lifting procedures 

7 

Supervise construction work 

Safety regulations in construction sites 

8 

Shipyard safety instruction course 

Shipyard safety 

 

Performance and Career Development Review 

Performance and career development review of employees are performed during the performance 

appraisal process. This process is conducted on an annual basis whereby there will be two-way 

communication and engagement between supervisors and subordinates to assess the 

performance of the employee. Upon completion of the appraisal process, consideration of career 

advancement such as promotion; quantum of salary increments and annual variable bonus 

(disbursed yearly before Chinese New Year) will be determined based on the performance 

appraisal results. In FY2020, all employees are assessed and remunerated fairly based on their 

experience, qualifications and performance. The Group shall continue to provide training and 

education opportunities through development programmes wherever applicable and promote a 

conducive corporate environment where everyone could achieve their potential.  

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH &amp; SAFETY  

Safety is an integral part of our business, and a key focus area for our board of directors and senior 

management. Hiap Tong recognises that it is the company’ responsibility to ensure that everyone 

gets home safe every day. We firmly believe that all our employees deserve to work in a safe and 

healthy environment and that a conducive working environment will not only boost employees’ 

morale, but also increase the overall workforce’s productivity and efficiency. 

 

Occupational Health &amp; Safety Management Framework 

The Group pledges for zero accidents throughout all work 

activities to safe guard the environment and safety and health 

of all employees, subcontractors, supplier and public. 

Processes are in place to identify, mitigate and report risks 

and communicate best practices across the Group, and we 

work with our employees and stakeholders to ensure that 

they understand our requirements and expectations. 

 

Hiap Tong strives to continually achieve safety certifications 

in line with global best practices. The Group continues to 

maintain its Occupational Health and Safety and bizSAFE 

Level Star certifications, reflecting our strong commitment in 

providing a safe working environment for all employees. The 

Board and Management maintains oversight and monitors 

the health and safety performance of the Group. 

Key Elements of Our Health &amp; Safety 

System 

 

 

Policy 

Planning

Implementati

on and 

Operation

Checking and 

Correction 

Action

Management 

Review

Continual 

Improvement


14 

 

Safety programmes such as toolbox meetings, campaigns, and emergency fire drills are conducted 

throughout the year. To maintain and ensure effectiveness of our policies and management system, 

an external audit conducted by an independent organisation are conducted annually.  

 

The Group seeks to learn from past mistakes and strive to prevent similar incidents from 

reoccurring. As part of our skills-training programme, we consistently schedule workplace health 

and safety briefings to review our safety practices with workers. For near-miss incidents, we will 

promptly have a review briefing dedicated to analysing the situation and to remind our workers of 

the relevant safety measures and precautions, as well as the safety protocols in the event of 

incidents.  

 

We also ensure each worker is well protected before the start of each assignment, through 

documenting on the personal protective equipment record to ensure that each worker is sufficiently 

equipped with protective gears for their related job-scope. We have also developed a list of 

protocols and precautions for workers, to ensure that their safety is fully covered in all areas of 

work.   

 

Workplace Health &amp; Safety Performance 

Category 

FY2020 

FY2019 

Total 

Total 

Number of Injuries 

8 

7 

Injury Rate (“IR”) 3 

2.05 

1.56 

Lost Day Rate (“LDR”) 4 

29.71 

35.82 

Absentee Rate (“AR”) 5 

0.0082 

0.0066 * 

* Restated to include HT Port Services 

 

In FY2020, there were no incidents of fatalities across Hiap Tong’s business operations. The Group 

have and strives to continue to maintain its health &amp; safety standards, as well as continuous 

improvement in its Operational Health and Safety processes and performance. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

3.  Injury rate refers to the number of work-related incidents per million manhours worked. 

4.  Lost day rate refers to the number of man-days lost for every million hours worked. 

5.  Absentee rate refers to number of days lost due to incapacity of any kind, not just as the result of work-related injury or disease,  

    which expressed with the proportion to the total days scheduled to be worked. 


15 

 

PRODUCT EXCELLENCE 

The Group is committed to adding value to its clients and delivering product and service excellence. 

Recognising that the health and safety of our customers in the provision and use of our products 

and services are of utmost importance to us. Hiap Tong operates Quality, Environmental, Health, 

Safety Management System to the ISO 9001 and ISO 45001 standards to support a systematic 

approach to address quality, health and safety-related concerns across lift cycle of our product and 

services.  

 

Quality &amp; Customer Health and Safety 

The Group has established a Quality, Environment, Health, and Safety Management System 

(“QEHSS”) policy which includes the following criteria: 

1. Consistently meeting client’s satisfaction through providing quality product and service 

excellence; 

2. Ensuring that all our projects are delivered on time, as specified by our clients; 

3. Providing training on QEHSS awareness for all employees; 

4. Preventing / Eliminating / Minimizing and controlling the risk due to occupational health 

and safety hazards, including those arising from terror threats; 

5. Eliminating / Minimizing and controlling the pollution and environmental impacts 

associated with our activities; 

6. Complying with all applicable legal and other requirements; 

7. Continual improvement of Quality, Environmental &amp; Occupational Health and Safety 

performance through monitoring and review of set objectives and targets; 

8. Communicating and making available this policy to all employees, subcontractors and 

suppliers; and 

9. Establishing measurable objective, targets, programmes and procedures for continual 

improvement in Quality, Environmental &amp; Occupational Health and Safety performance 

and top management who is accountable for it shall review periodically to ensure its 

effectiveness &amp; for continual improvement.  

 

The Group actively seeks out customers’ feedback and suggestions to better understand their 

needs, so that it can translate such feedback to improvements of our products and services. This 

is achieved through channels such as customer complaints, enquires and rating. The Management 

is actively involved in monitoring quality, environmental, health and safety performance and 

assessing areas for improvement on an on-going basis. The Group’s QEHSS policy is reviewed 

minimally once every year to ensure its continuing suitability. In FY2020, the Group continues to 

maintain its Quality, Environmental, Health, Safety Management System to the ISO 9001 and ISO 

45001 standards. 

 

On-Going Review &amp; Assessment 

Our fleets are inspected and maintained regularly to ensure safety load test requirements are met 

and are always operating at optimal performance. Visual tests are conducted annually by a 

professional engineer, who will issue a certificate of test and examination for our lifting machinery.  

 

Our crane operators are professionally certified and licensed by the Singapore Building and 

Construction Authority as well as experienced to operate the lifting equipment safely. Our 


16 

 

operations fully comply with the Workplace Safety and Health (WSH) Act and its subsidiary 

regulations giving our customers an extra peace of mind when it comes to risk management for 

high risk activities.  

 

The significant product categories for which health and safety impacts are assessed for 

improvement are as follows: 

• 

Mobile cranes/ crawler cranes; 

• 

Prime Movers; and 

• 

Lifting gears 

 

The criteria used for assessment for the significant products and services stated above are 

assessed in accordance with lifting machine certificate, lifting gear certificate, and an annual 

checklist that is prepared internally. 

 

Supply Chain 

As a sustainable company offering a complete solution to customers from lifting services with our 

extensive fleet of mobile cranes and transportation services with our haulage fleet, we source our 

mobile cranes from mainly Germany, Japan and China.  

 

In selecting the supply of the hydraulic mobile cranes, suppliers are assessed under stringent 

criteria. These include track records, financial strength as well as commitments towards high 

quality, health and safety standards.  

 

Compliance 

In FY2020, there were no incidents of non-compliance with regulations concerning the health and 

safety impacts of products and services 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


17 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 

ANTI BRIBERY AND CORRUPTION 

Hiap Tong is committed to uphold the highest standards of corporate governance and business 

integrity across its business activities, which are essential for the long-term viability of the Group’s 

businesses and the enhancement of shareholder value. The Management maintain strict 

disciplinary standards and requirements on its employees right from the beginning of its recruitment 

process. During work, zero tolerance is applied to any employee involved in corruption or bribery. 

 

The Board is responsible to investigate complaints of suspected fraud in an objective manner and 

has put in place a whistle-blowing policy and procedures which provide employees with well-

defined and accessible channels within the Group, including a direct channel to the Audit 

Committee, for reporting suspected bribery, corruption, dishonest practices or other similar matters. 

 

The whistle-blowing policy and procedures aims to encourage the reporting of such matters in good 

faith, with the confidence that employees making such reports will be treated fairly and, to the extent 

possible, be protected from reprisal.  The policy and its effectiveness will be reviewed by the Audit 

Committee periodically, with recommendations regarding updates or amendments, if any, to be 

made to the Board as required.  

 

In FY2020, there were no incidents of regulatory non-compliance across Hiap Tong’s group of 

businesses. There were also no reported incidents pertaining to whistle-blowing for this reporting 

period under review. The Group continues to work towards reinforcing a full compliance culture. 

 

 

Moving Forward 

The Audit Committee continues to support the Board in its oversight of anti-bribery and corruption 

and is responsible for driving Hiap Tong’s focus on implementing effective compliance and 

governance systems. At an operational level, the respective department within the Group continues 

to be responsible to identify, self-assess the adequacy and effectiveness of mitigating measures, 

and manage their financial, operational, information technology, compliance and reputational 

related risks. 

 

Please refer to the Corporate Governance section of the Annual Report for more information. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


18 

 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX 

This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

102-1 * 

Name of the 

organization 

Cover Page of SR 

102-2 * 

Activities, brands, products, 

and services 

Page 4 of SR 

Refer to AR FY2020– Notes to The Finance 

Statement – Note 1  

102-3 * 

Location of 

headquarters 

Back Cover of SR 

102-4 * 

Location of operations 

Refer to AR FY2020 – Group Structure  

102-5 * 

Ownership and legal 

form 

Refer to AR FY2020 

Notes to The Finance Statement  

– Notes 1, 14 to 16 

102-6 * 

Markets served 

Page 4 of SR 

Refer to AR FY2020 – Chairman’s Message  

102-7 * 

Scale of the 

organization 

Total of 868 employees  

102-8 * 

Information on 

employees and other workers 

Page 10 of SR 

102-9 * 

Supply chain 

Page 16 of SR 

102-10 * 

Significant changes to 

the organization and its 

supply chain 

No significant changes 

102-11 * 

Precautionary principle 

or approach 

Page 6 of SR 

102-12 * 

External initiatives 

Page 5 of SR 

102-13 * 

Membership of 

associations 

Page 7 of SR 

GRI 102: 

Strategy 

102-14 * 

Statement from senior 

decision-maker 

Refer to AR FY2020 

 Chairman’s Message 

GRI 102: 

Ethics and 

Integrity 

102-16 * 

Values, principles, 

standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Page 4 of SR 

GRI 102: 

Governance 

102-18 * 

Governance structure 

Page 6 of SR 

Refer to AR FY2020  

Corporate Governance 

Corporate Structure 


19 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 102: 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-40 * 

List of stakeholder groups 

 

Page 7 of SR 

102-41 * 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

None 

102-42 * 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

Page 7 of SR 

102-43 * 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

Page 7 of SR 

102-44 * 

Key topics and concerns 

raised 

Page 8 of SR 

GRI 102: 

Reporting 

Practice 

102-45 * 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

Refer to AR FY2020 – 

Notes to The Finance Statement – 

Note 3.1 and Note 6 

102-46 * 

Defining report content and 

topic Boundaries 

Page 3 of SR 

102-47 * 

List of material topics 

Page 8 of SR 

102-48 * 

Restatements of information 

FY 2019 Absentee Rate on Page 14 of SR 

 was restated to include HT Port Services  

102-49 * 

Changes in reporting 

No significant changes from previous reporting 

periods in the list of material topics and topic 

boundaries. 

102-50 * 

Reporting period 

Page 3 of SR 

102-51 * 

Date of most recent report 

FY2018 Inaugural Sustainability Report 

102-52 * 

Reporting cycle 

1 April 2019 to 31 March 2020 

 

102-53 * 

Contact point for 

questions regarding the report 

Page 3 of SR 

 

102-54 * 

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

Core option 

 

102-55 * 

GRI content index 

Page 18 - 20 of SR 

 

102-56 * 

External Assurance 

The Group has not sought external assurance for 

this sustainability report. 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

Page 9 of SR 

307-1 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

Page 9 of SR 

 

 


20 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 401: 

Fair Employment 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

Page 10 – 11 of SR 

401-1 

New employee hires and 

employee turnover 

Page 10 of SR 

401-2 

Benefits provided to 

full-time employees that are 

not provided to temporary or 

part-time employees 

Page 11 of SR 

401-3 

Parental leave 

Page 11 of SR 

GRI 403: 

Occupational  

Health and Safety 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

Page 13 of SR 

403-1 

Occupational Health and 

Safety Management System 

Page 13 - 14 of SR 

403-2 

Types of injury and rate of 

injury 

Page 14 of SR 

GRI 404  

Training  

&amp; Education 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

Page 12 of SR 

404-1 

Average hours of training per 

year per employee  

Page 12 of SR 

404-2 

Programmes for upgrading 

employee skills and transition 

assistance programmes 

Page 12 of SR 

404-3 

Percentage of employees 

receiving regular performance 

and career development 

reviews 

Page 13 of SR 

All employees are assessed regularly and 

remunerated fairly based on their experience, 

qualifications, and performance. 

 

GRI 416: 

Customer Health 

and Safety 

 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

Page 15 – 16 of SR 

416-1 

Assessment of the health and 

safety impacts of product and 

service categories 

Page 15-16 of SR 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning the health and 

safety impacts of products 

and services 

Page 16 of SR 

GRI 205 

Anti-Corruption 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

Page 17 of SR, 

 Refer to AR FY2020 – Corporate Governance 

GRI 205-3 

Confirmed incidents of 

corruption and actions taken 

Page 17 of SR, 

 Refer to AR FY2020 – Corporate Governance 

 

 

 

 

 

 


21 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Company Registration No. 200800657N 

22 Soon Lee Road  

Singapore 628082 

Tel: +65 6779 5050  

Fax: +65 6777 0841 

Email: sales@hiaptong.com 

Website: https://www.hiaptong.com 

 

 

 

 

 



