
H O C K  L I A N  S E N G 

H O L D I N G S  L I M I T E D

SUSTAINABILIT Y REPORT

2 017


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR FY2017

01

Hock Lian Seng Holdings Limited

Board Statement

The Group is committed to deliver quality service to our customers , provide a safe and healthy environment for the 

employees , be a good corporate citizen that operates with honesty, fairness and accountability. 

We are mindful of the social and environmental impacts that are critical to our business and stakeholders and will continue 

to make progress in our overall mission to create more sustainable work processes and environment and an equitable 

future for our stakeholders. 

We prepared our report with reference to the Global Reporting Initiatives (“GRI”) Core Reporting Options. This report covers 

the 2017 financial year from 1 January to 31 December. 

About Us

Hock Lian Seng is one of the leading Civil Engineering Group in Singapore, with established track record since 1969. The 

Group was listed on the Mainboard of Singapore Exchange securities Trading Limited in December 2009.

We have undertaken and completed a wide range of civil engineering projects for both the public and private sectors in 

Singapore. We carry out civil engineering works for bridges, expressways, tunnels, Mass Rapid Transit (“MRT”), port facilities, 

water and sewage facilities and other infrastructure works. 

Major customers include government and government-related bodies of Singapore, such as the Land Transport Authority, 

Housing Development Board, PSA Singapore Terminals, Public Utility Board and Changi Airport Group. 

We are also involved in property development and property investment businesses.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR FY2017

02

Hock Lian Seng Holdings Limited

Governance Structure

Sustainability Governance is led by the Board of Directors and supported by all levels of the Group.

Sustainability is a journey. The Board, with the assistance of Audit and Risk Management Committee, will ensure that we 

have the right policies and practices in place, that appropriate targets and measurements are developed, and sufficient 

resources are dedicated to sustainability-related initiatives. We will progressively strengthen the sustainability governance 

structure so that there is clear accountability and oversight.

Reporting scope

This report focuses on the Group’s sustainability performance across its construction activities, as the property development 

activities were minimal in FY2017. 

For the purposes of this report, the Group has included Hock Lian Seng Holdings and all it’s wholly owned subsidiaries. 

The key operating wholly owned subsidiary in current financial year is Hock Lian Seng Infrastrcture Pte Ltd. Joint Venture 

activities were excluded as the operational controls are held by different management teams. 

Board of Directors

•	 Oversees	the	sustainability	direction,	strategies,	policies

Senior Management

•	 Advises	and	supports	 the	Board	on	sustainability	 matters,	

strategies, policies

•	 Overall	management	and	monitoring	of	sustainability	performance	 

and targets 

Heads of Department

•	 Reports	sustainability	performance	to	the	board

•	 Communicates	and	provides	training	on	sustainability,	policies	

and initiatives to each department

All Staff

•	 Implement	sustainability	initiatives	and	provide	feedback	on	

improvements














SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR FY2017

03

Hock Lian Seng Holdings Limited

Stakeholder Engagement

Hock Lian Seng Group’s stakeholders include shareholders, employees, customers , partners and local community. We 

prioritise our stakeholders for engagement based on the significance of their influence on our business and our dependency 

on them. We engage with our key stakeholders on a regular basis to ensure two-way communication and this is summarized 

in the table below: 

Stakeholder

Method of engagement

Topics of Concern

Our Response

Employees

Regular staff meetings

•	 Productivity

•	 Training	&amp;	development

•	 Safety	and	well-being	

Provide more training and 

staff gatherings

Shareholders

•	 Annual	Report

•	 Annual	General	Meeting

•	 SGX	Announcements

•	 Economic	performance

•	 Dividend	pay-out

Provide quarterly result 

announcements and 

dedicated investor relations 

website

Clients and  

Business Partners

Meetings

•	 Code	of	conduct

•	 Supply	chain	management

Collect and monitor relevant 

data, carry out audits and 

be certified by Independent 

Organisations. 

Consultants, Suppliers  

and Subcontractors

•	 Meetings

•	 Email	communications

•	 Code	of	conduct

•	 Supply	chain	management

Meetings/ surveys to collect 

and monitor relevant 

data. Requirement for 

certification by Independent 

Organisations.

Government  

and Regulators

Government Publication/

written communication

Compliance with rules  

and regulations

To exceed basic compliance 

whenever possible.

Local Communities

•	 Meetings

•	 Notices

•	 Clean	and	safe	

environment

•	 Keep	neighbours	informed

Commit to best practices 

under Green and Gracious 

Builders Scheme.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR FY2017

04

Hock Lian Seng Holdings Limited

Materiality Assessment

The Board has been fully involved in the identification and prioritisation of material topics and has provided resources to 

manage the governance of sustainability.

We conducted a high–level benchmarking exercise on a universe of topics to short-list the key topics where our company 

created significant economic, environmental and social impacts. We took into consideration the material topics and 

future challenges of our industry as identified by our peers and competitors. This included relevant laws, regulations and 

international agreements of strategic significance to our Group.

We engaged with our employees from the different departments to seek our internal stakeholders’ prioritisation of these 

topics. At the same time, we conducted surveys on our external stakeholders and they include our customers, consultants, 

shareholders, suppliers and subcontractors. The results are consolidated and the topics with the highest priorities are 

validated with the management and the Board to arrive at our list of material topics and their impact boundaries. Some 

topics in the survey overlap in scope and are grouped together.

Our Material ESG Topics:

Material Topics 

GRI Standards Disclosure

Impact Boundary

Social

Diversity and equal 

opportunity

Diversity and equal opportunity

All employees 

Talent attraction and retention

Employment

All employees 

Training and education

Training and education

All employees 

Occupational health and safety

Occupational health and safety

All employees 

Environmental

Legal and regulatory 

compliance

Environmental compliance

Construction activities

Waste disposal and 

management

Effluents	and	waste

Construction activities

Energy and fuel consumption

Energy

Construction activities

Governance/Economic

Ethics

Anti-corruption

Corporate office and construction 

activities


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR FY2017

05

Hock Lian Seng Holdings Limited

Policies, Practices and Performance In Relation to the Material ESG Topics

Social - Our People

Our employees are the key drivers in our pursuit to enhance overall business performance and to deliver sustainable 

growth. 

As at 31 December 2017, Hock Lian Seng Group has 360 employees. All employees are Singapore-based. We maintain a 

diverse workforce in terms of age and nationalities, with different skills and experiences, which will contribute positively to 

the Company. 

The profile of our employees as at 31 December 2017:

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

We are committed to improving diversity. We treat all employees fairly, with respect and dignity, regardless of nationality, 

race or religion. 

The hiring procedures are fair and non-discriminative. Staff are hired on the basis of merit, skills, experience or competency 

to perform the job. 

The ratio of female employees in the organisation is relatively low but this is not unusual for the construction industry due 

to the nature of the work. We are open to improving this ratio whenever possible.







Age Group

Residency Status

Gender

Male

Female

E Pass and S Pass

30 to 39

60 to 64

40 to 49

Above 65

3.3%

5.8%

12.5%

15.9%

27.3%

18.1%

87.5%

29.9%

36.2%

17.8%

45.7%

Singaporean and PR

20 to 29

50 to 59

Work Permit Holders


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR FY2017

06

Hock Lian Seng Holdings Limited

Talent Attraction and Retention

We offer competitive remuneration and reward contribution, with performance-based pay and bonuses. Regular 

salary reviews are conducted to ensure that our remuneration package remains competitive. We offer all employees a 

comprehensive benefits package, which includes health and welfare, maternity and paternity leave entitlements as well as 

coverage under the Company’s Group Health Insurance Plan. 

Training and Development

To remain competitive in the market, we recognise the need to continually upskill our staff. Various training / development 

programmes are available to provide employees with the right skills and technical know-how to equip them to do their jobs 

more efficiently and effectively. On average, all our staff received about 12 hours of training in the 12 months. 

Our construction activities are also subject to BCA certifications, which have mandatory training requirements on professional 

and technical employees. 

Our employees undergo a diverse range of career –building and learning experiences including job-specific technical 

skills training, on-the –job and professional training, combined with executive and leadership development, technical and 

professional seminars, courses, workshops, and overseas immersion programmes. Regulars visits to our various project 

sites are organised to share best work practices and provide insights on how technical challenges are overcome. 

We also provide educational opportunities through sponsorships and scholarships. We offer the BCA Industry Built 

Environment Undergraduate Scholarship, to groom promising young individuals who wish to pursue a rewarding career in 

the Construction industry. 

Occupational Health and Safety

Health and Safety at the workplace is always a top priority at Hock Lian Seng . The Board Safety Committee was established 

since 2012 to oversee and monitor the establishment and maintenance of the safety practices and policies of the Group. 

Given the high risk nature of construction activities, we place greater emphasis on health and safety training, awareness, 

procedures and general education, and aim to develop a culture whereby safety is ingrained into each and every employee 

and subcontractor working with us. 

Our approach to workplace health and safety management is underpinned by legislative requirements and industry 

safety standards. We are certified under OHSAS 18001 Certification in Occupational Health and Safety Management. This 

certification, as well as the BizSafe Star Certificate, reflect our ongoing commitment and efforts to reduce risks and to make 

safety an integral part of our business.

Safety awareness starts with all new hires who are required to attend a compulsory safety induction programme during 

which	workplace	hazards	and	at-risk	areas	are	highlighted	and	the	Group’s	OHSAS	procedures	are	outlined.	New	employees	

are also issued with personal protective equipment including safety boots, helmets, goggles and ear plugs. All regulatory 

training, in addition to all medical examinations required under the Workplace Safety and Health Act, are carried out by 

external providers where necessary. 

From a supply chain perspective, all suppliers, contractors and subcontractors are required to abide by relevant laws and 

regulations, in addition to company safety policy and procedures. 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR FY2017

07

Hock Lian Seng Holdings Limited

Safety induction is provided onsite for contractors and subcontractors required to work in our sites, prior to commencing 

work. Safe work procedures and risk assessments are also required to be in place prior to the start of a project and are 

regularly reviewed at various stages of the project. 

We assess our workplace safety performance by examining reportable injuries. In 2017, there were zero work-related 

fatalities across all our construction sites. Accident frequency rate (AFR)* was 0.66 and accident severity rate (ASR)*, which 

evaluates the number of work days lost as a result of accidents, was 6.6. In the same year, the average AFR and ASR compiled 

by MOM are 1.6 and 104.

* Note: AFR measures how often workplace incidents occurred per million man-hours worked. 

ASR refers to the number of man-days lost to workplace accidents per million-hours works.

Summary of Social Performance and Targets

Material Topics 

Performance

Targets

GRI Index

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

405-2

Breakdown of employees per 

employee category (nationalities/

age group/other indicators)

See breakdown of employees 

profile

To build on more employees 

profile	indicators	to	ensure	

better management of human 

resource 

GRI Index

Employment

401-1

New	Hire	and	Employee	

turnover

Current year turnover rate: 9%

To	maintain	the	staff	turnover	

rate below 10%

GRI Index

Training and Development

404-1

Average hours of training per 

year per employee

12 hours

15 hours per year per employee 

GRI Index

Occupational Health and Safety

403-2

Accident Frequency Rate (AFR)

Accident Severity Rate (ASR)

0.66

6.6

Zero for both AFR and ASR 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR FY2017

08

Hock Lian Seng Holdings Limited

Environment

The Group is committed to eco-friendly practices that contribute towards protecting and building a sustainable environment. 

Legal and Regulatory Compliance

Compliance with Codes and Regulations on environmental issues is a must and we take steps at all our work sites to ensure 

the requirements are met throughout the lives of the projects. We work to a higher standard beyond basic compliance, and 

have adopted BCA’s Green and Gracious Builder Award Criteria since 2013. The Company is committed to “Green Practices” 

to improve our environmental management programs and to “Gracious practices” to control the environmental impact to 

the community, inculcate good relationship and bonding with our neighbours and to provide good working environment 

for our staff. 

Good green practices include but are not limited to the following:

•	

Comply	with	applicable	regulatory	and	client	requirements

•	

Control	resources	utilisation	and	minimise	waste	/	pollutants	generation

•	

Create	greater	employee	awareness	of	environmental	issues	through	training	and	communication

•	

Monitor	environmental	performance	periodically	

Good gracious practices include but are not limited to the following: 

•	

To	provide	the	public	with	a	safe	environment	

•	

To	prevent	or	reduce	the	noise	and	vibration	generated	on	site

•	

To	ensure	pro-active	communication	with	the	community

Waste Disposal and Management

The adage “Reduce, Reuse, Recycle” is adopted in all our work places. At work sites, we have procedures to encourage 

recycling and the reduction of construction waste. Clearly labelled recycling bins are placed at designated areas for proper 

segregation of wastes and these are reused at our own sites where possible or else sent for recycling. Other construction 

wastes are disposed according to regulations.

Treated water is used for flushing toilets, washing of vehicles and for the general cleaning. Water that is released into public 

drains are treated to remove sediments according to authorities’ requirements.

Besides reducing electricity consumption by turning off lights and machineries during lunch and after-office hours,  

we reduce paper usage through default settings to double-sided printing and by encouraging electronic filing. Paper with 

single side printing are collected and reused for printing on the blank side. Paper that cannot be reused are collected and 

sent to recycling plants.

Energy and Fuel Consumption

We monitor the amount of diesel and water we consume at each work site to reduce wastage. Due to the differences in 

the design, size, scope and programme of every project, the data collected cannot be compared meaningfully between 

projects	and	be	expressed	as	an	average	consumption	per	year	by	the	company.	Nevertheless,	we	are	continuing	with	such	

monitoring as other than protecting the precious resources, costs are kept under control this way.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR FY2017

09

Hock Lian Seng Holdings Limited

Summary of Environmental Performance and Targets

Governance 

The Group recognises that good corporate governance processes are essential for enhancing corporate sustainability. We 

are committed to ensuring and maintaining a high standard of corporate governance and business conduct to safeguard 

the interests of all stakeholders.  We are dedicated to uphold integrity and honesty in our operations. 

We work closely with government agencies to keep up-to-date with recent changes in policies with regards to construction, 

and maintain close workings relationships to promote the exchange of ideas and understand pertinent issues that may 

affect the business. 

We have also established well-defined limits of authority to manage decision making with the Group.  This ensures that all 

actions to be authorised are at all times consistent with the Group’s objectives, principle, ethics and relevant legal and/or 

regulatory requirements. 

Anti-Corruption

A whistle blowing policy is in place within the Group to aid in the deterrence and reporting of corporate malpractice and 

misconducts.  

In FY2017, we are not aware of any incidents of corruption, confirmed or suspected.  

Material Topics 

Performance

Targets

GRI Index

Waste Disposal and Management

306-2

Install equipment to monitor 

Total suspended solids (TSS) 

readings for water discharged 

from the construction site 

TSS &lt; 50mg/litre

TSS reading to be less than 

50mg/litre

GRI Index

Environmental Compliance

307-1

Non-compliance	with	

environmental laws and 

regulations 

No	incidence	of	non-compliance	

with laws and regulations 

resulting	in	significant*	fines	or	

sanctions for  FY2017 

Zero incident of non-compliance

*	 significant	fine	is	one	over	$50,000


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR FY2017

10

Hock Lian Seng Holdings Limited

Dealings in Securities

The Group’s code of conduct includes guidelines to directors and employees in the Group, which sets out prohibitions 

against dealings in the Company’s securities (i) while in possession of material unpublished price—sensitive information, 

(ii) during the two weeks immediately preceding, and up to the time of the announcement of, the Company’s results for 

the full financial year.  Prior to the commencement of each relevant period, an email would be sent out to all directors and 

employees of the Group to inform them of the duration of the period. 

Summary of Governance Performance and Targets

GRI CONTENT INDEX

Material Topics 

Performance

Targets

GRI Index

Anti-Corruption 

205-3

Confirmed	incidents	of	

corruption and actions taken

No	incidents	

Provide whistleblowing and anti-

corruption	updates	to	all	staff	

annually by FY 2018

GRI Standard

Disclosure 

Notes/	Reference	/	page	reference	

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

Organisation profile

GRI 102-1

Name	of	Organisation

Hock Lian Seng Holdings Limited

GRI 102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

This report: About us

GRI 102-3/4

Location of headquarters/operations

Singapore

GRI 102-5

Ownership and legal form

Annual Report 2017, page 101, Analysis of 

Shareholdings

GRI 102-6

Markets served

Singapore

GRI 102-7

Scale of organisation

Annual Report 2017, page 8, Operations and 

Financial Review

GRI 102-8

Information on employees and other workers

This report: Our people 

GRI 102-9

Supply chain

This report: Our people

GRI 102-10

Significant	changes	to	the	organization	and	its	

supply chain

Not	Applicable

GRI 102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

The	Group	does	not	specifically	address	the	

principles of the Precautionary approach.

GRI 102-12

External initiatives

None

GRI 102-13

Membership of associations

Hock Lian Seng Infrastructure Pte Ltd is an 

associate member of The Singapore Contractors 

Association Ltd (SCAL)


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR FY2017

11

Hock Lian Seng Holdings Limited

Strategy

GRI 102-14

Statement from Senior decision maker

This report: Board statement 

Ethics and Integrity

GRI 102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behavior

This report: Board statement

Governance

GRI 102-18

Governance structure

This report: Governance structure

Stakeholder Engagement

GRI 102-40

List of shareholders groups

This report: stakeholder engagement

GRI 102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Not	applicable	

GRI 102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

This report: stakeholder engagement

GRI 102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

This report:  stakeholder engagement

GRI 102-44

Key	topics	and	concerns	raised

This report: stakeholder engagement

Reporting Practice

GRI 102-45

Entities	included	in	the	consolidated	financial	

statements

Annual	Report		2017	,	page	69	&amp;	70,	Note	11	and	

Note	12	of		Financial	Statements

GRI 102-46

Defining	report	content	and	topic	Boundaries

This report: Materiality assessment

GRI 102-47

List of material topics

This report: Materiality assessment

GRI 102-48

Restatements of information

N/A	(inaugural	report)

GRI 102-49

Changes in reporting

N/A	(inaugural	report)

GRI 102-50

Reporting period

Financial year ended 30 December 2017

GRI 102-51

Date of most recent report

N/A	(inaugural	report)

GRI 102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

GRI 102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

info@hlsgroup.com.sg

GRI 102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

standards

 This report has been prepared in reference 

to the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) -Core 

option

GRI 102-55

GRI content index

This report: GRI content index

GRI 102-56

External assurance

Not	sought	


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR FY2017

12

Hock Lian Seng Holdings Limited

SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

Material Topic

Environmental Compliance

GRI 103-1/2/3

Management Approach

This report: Environment

GRI 307-1

Non-compliance	with	environmental	laws	and	

regulations

This report: Environment

Occupational Health &amp; Safety

GRI 103-1/2/3

Management Approach

This report: Our people

GRI 403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury

This report: Our people

Human Resources training

GRI 103-1/2/3

Management Approach

This report: Our people

GRI 404 -1

Average hours of training per year per employee

This report: Our people

Anti-Corruption

GRI 103-1/2/3

Management Approach

This report: Governance

GRI 205-3

Confirmed	incidents	of	corruption	and	actions	

taken

This report: Governance


80 Marine Parade Road, #16-08 Parkway Parade, Singapore 449269

Tel: (65) 6344 0555 · Fax: (65) 6440 9049

HOCK LIAN SENG HOLDINGS LIMITED

Company Registration No.: 200908903E

w w w . h l s g r o u p . c o m . s g

