
H O C K  L I A N  S E N G 

H O L D I N G S  L I M I T E D

SuStainabilit y RepoRt

2 018


SuSTAINAbILITy REpORT fOR fy2018

01

Hock Lian Seng Holdings Limited

Board Statement

The Group is committed to deliver quality service to customers, provide safe and healthy environment for the employees, 

be a good corporate citizen which operate with honesty, fairness and accountability. 

We are mindful of the social and environmental impacts that are critical to our business and stakeholders and will continue 

to make progress in our overall mission to create a more sustainable and equitable future. 

During the year, the Board is regularly updated on the sustainability management performance of the Group, planned 

follow-up measures. The Board will continue to identify and evaluate the material environmental, social and governance 

(ESG) factors in our business and make sure they remained relevant and on the right track. 

Framework

We prepared our report in alignment with the sustainability reporting regulatory requirements set out in the SGX-ST Listing 

manual and with reference to the Global Reporting Initiatives (“GRI”) Core Reporting Options. 

About Us

Hock Lian Seng is one of the leading Civil Engineering Group in Singapore, with established track record since 1969. The 

Group was listed on the Mainboard of Singapore Exchange securities Trading Limited in December 2009.

We have undertaken and completed a wide range of civil engineering projects for both the public and private sectors in 

Singapore. We carry out civil engineering works for bridges, expressways, tunnels, Mass Rapid Transit (“MRT”), port facilities, 

water and sewage facilities and other infrastructure works. 

Major customers include government and government-related bodies of Singapore, such as the Land Transport Authority, 

Housing Development Board, PSA Singapore Terminals, Public Utility Board and Changi Airport Group. 

We also involved in property development and property investment businesses.


SuSTAINAbILITy REpORT fOR fy2018

02

Hock Lian Seng Holdings Limited

Governance Structure

Sustainability Governance is led by the Board of Directors and supported by all levels of Group.

The Board, with the assistance of Audit and Risk Management Committee, will ensure that we have the right policies 

and practices in place, appropriate targets and measurements are developed, and sufficient resources are dedicated to 

sustainability-related initiatives. We will progressively strengthen the sustainability governance structure so that there is 

clear accountability and oversight. 

Reporting scope

This report focuses on the Group’s sustainability performance across its construction activities and property development 

activities.

For the purposes of this report, the Group has included Hock Lian Seng Holdings and all its wholly owned subsidiaries. 

The key operating wholly owned subsidiary in current financial year is Hock Lian Seng Infrastructure Pte Ltd. Joint Venture 

activities was excluded as the operational control is run by different management team. 

Board of Directors

•	 Oversees	the	sustainability	direction,	strategies,	policies

Senior Management

•	 Advises	and	supports	 the	Board	on	sustainability	 matters,	

strategies, policies

•	 Overall	management	and	monitoring	of	sustainability	performance	

and targets 

Heads of Department

•	 Reports	sustainability	performance	to	the	board

•	 Communicates	and	provides	training	on	sustainability,	policies	

and initiatives to each department

All Staff

•	 Implement	sustainability	initiatives	and	provide	feedback	on	

improvements














SuSTAINAbILITy REpORT fOR fy2018

03

Hock Lian Seng Holdings Limited

Stakeholder Engagement

Hock Lian Seng Group stakeholders include shareholders, employees, customers, partners and local community. We 

prioritise our stakeholders for engagement based on the significances of their influence on our business and our dependency 

on them. We engage with our key stakeholders on a regular basis to ensure two-way communication and this is summarized 

in the table below:

Stakeholder

Method of engagement

Topics of Concern

Our Response

Employees

Regular staff meetings

•	 Productivity

•	 Training	&amp;	development

•	 Safety	and	well-being	

•	 Training

•	 Staff	gathering

Shareholders

•	 Annual	Report

•	 Annual	General	Meeting

•	 SGX	Announcements

•	 Economic	performance

•	 Dividend	pay-out

•	 Quarterly	result	

announcement

•	 Dedicated	investor	

relations website

Clients and  

Business Partners

Meetings

•	 Code	of	conduct

•	 Supply	chain	management

Meetings/ surveys

Suppliers and 

contractors

•	 Meetings

•	 Email	communications

•	 Code	of	conduct

•	 Supply	chain	management

Meetings/ surveys

Government  

and Regulators

Government Publication/

written communication

Compliance with rules  

and regulations

Compliance

Local Communities

Meetings

Clean environment

Committed to the best 

practice under the code of 

Green and Gracious


SuSTAINAbILITy REpORT fOR fy2018

04

Hock Lian Seng Holdings Limited

Materiality Assessment

The Board has been fully involved in the identification and prioritization of material topics and has provided resources to 

manage the governance of sustainability. 

We conducted a high–level benchmarking exercise on a universe of topics to short-list the key topics where our company 

created significant economic, environmental and social impacts. We took into consideration the material topics and 

future challenges of our industry as identified by our peers and competitors. This included relevant laws, regulations and 

international agreements of strategic significant to our Group. 

We engaged with our employees and key suppliers to seek their feedback on these topics and validated the results with 

management and board to arrive to our list of material topics and their impact boundaries. 

Material Topics 

GRI Standards Disclosure

Impact Boundary

Social

Diversity and equal 

opportunity

Diversity and equal opportunity

All employees 

Talent attraction and retention

Employment

All employees 

Training and education

Training and education

All employees 

Occupational health and safety

Occupational health and safety

All employees 

Environmental

Legal and regulatory 

compliance

Environmental compliance

Construction activities

Waste disposal and 

management

Effluents	and	waste

Construction activities

Energy and fuel consumption

Energy

Construction activities

Governance/Economic

Ethics

Anti-corruption

Corporate office and construction 

activities


SuSTAINAbILITy REpORT fOR fy2018

05

Hock Lian Seng Holdings Limited

Our People

Our employees are key drivers in our pursuit to enhance overall business performance to deliver sustainable growth. 

As at 31 December 2018, Hock Lian Seng Group has 338 employees. All employees are Singapore-based. We maintain a 

diverse workforce in terms of age and gender with different skills and experiences which will contribute positively to the 

Company. 

The profile of our employees as at 31 December 2018: 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

We are committed to respecting diversity. We treat all employees fairly, with respect and dignity, irrespective of nationality, 

race or religion. 

The hiring procedures are fair and non-discriminative. Staff are hired on the basis of merit- skills, experience or competency 

to perform the job. 

We offer competitive remuneration and reward contribution, with performance-based pay and bonuses. Regular 

salary reviews are conducted to ensure that our remuneration package remains competitive. We offers all employees a 

comprehensive benefits package which includes health and welfare, maternity and paternity leave entitlements as well as 

coverage under the Company’s group health insurance plan. 







Employee Age Group

Residency Status

Gender

Male

Female

E Pass &amp; S Pass

30 to 39

60 to 64

40 to 49

Above 65

4.7%

5.0%

13.0%

14.8%

28.7%

19.8%

87.0%

28.4%

34.9%

18.3%

45.3%

Singaporean and PR

20 to 29

50 to 59

Work Permit Holders


SuSTAINAbILITy REpORT fOR fy2018

06

Hock Lian Seng Holdings Limited

Training and development

To remain competitive in the market, we recognizes the need to continually upskill our staff. Various training / development 

programmers are available to provide employees with the right skills and technical know-how to equip them to do their job 

more efficiently and effectively. On average, all our staff received about 10 hours of training in the past 12 months. 

Our construction activities are subject to BCA certification which has mandatory training requirement on professional and 

technical employees. 

Our employees undergo a diverse range of career –building and learning experiences including job-specific technical 

skills training, on-the –job and professional training combined with executive and leadership development, technical and 

professional seminars, courses, workshops, and overseas immersion programmes. Regulars visits to our various project 

sites are organized to share best work practices and provide insights on how technical challenges are overcome. 

We also provide educational opportunities through sponsorships and scholarships. We offer the BCA Built Environment 

Undergraduate Scholarship, to groom promising young individuals who wish to pursue a rewarding career in the 

Construction industry. 

Occupational Health and Safety

Health and Safety at the workplace is always top priority at Hock Lian Seng. The Board Safety Committee was established 

since 2012 to oversee and monitor the establishment and maintenance of the safety practices and policies of the Group. 

Given the high-risk nature of construction activities, we place greater emphasis on health and safety training, awareness, 

procedures and general education and aim to develop a culture whereby safety is ingrained into each and every employee 

and subcontractor working with us. 

Our approach to workplace health and safety management is underpinned by legislative requirements and industry 

safety standards. We are certified under OHSAS 18001 certification in Occupational Health and Safety Management. This 

certification, as well as the BIzSafe Star certificate, reflect our ongoing commitment and efforts to reduce risks and to make 

safety an integral part of our business.

Safety awareness starts with all new hires who are required to attend a compulsory safety induction programme during 

which workplace hazards and at-risk areas are highlighted and the Group’s OHSAS procedures are outlined. New employees 

are also issued with personal protective equipment including safety boots, helmets, goggles and ear plugs. All regulatory 

training, in addition to all medical examinations required under the Workplace Safety and Health Act, are carried out by 

external providers where necessary. 

From a supply chain perspective, all suppliers, contractors and subcontractors are required to abide by the company safety 

policy and procedures in addition to  relevant laws and regulations.

Safety induction training is also provided onsite for contractors and subcontractors required to work in our site prior to 

commencing work. Safe work procedures and risk assessments are also required to be in place prior to the start of a project 

and are regularly reviewed at various stages of the project. 

We assess our workplace safety performance by examining reportable injuries. In 2018, there were zero work-related 

fatalities across all our construction sites. Accident frequency rate (AFR) was 0.55 and accident severity rate (ASR), which 

evaluates the number of work days lost as a result of accidents, was 13.6.


SuSTAINAbILITy REpORT fOR fy2018

07

Hock Lian Seng Holdings Limited

Summary of Social Performance and Targets

* AFR measures how often workplace incidents occurred per million man-hours worked. 

# ASR refers to the number of man-days lost to workplace accidents per million-hours works.

Material Topics 

Performance

Targets

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

405-2

Breakdown of employees per 

employee category (gender/age 

group/other indicators)

See breakdown of employees 

profile

To build on more employees 

profile	indicators	to	ensure	more	

better management of human 

resource 

Employment

401-1

New Hire and Employee 

turnover

Current year turnover rate: 17%

To	maintain	the	staff	turnover	

rate below 10%

Training and Development

404-1

Average hours of training per 

year per employee

10 hours

15 hours per year per employee 

Occupational Health and Safety

403-2

Accident Frequency Rate (AFR)*

Accident Severity Rate (ASR)#

0.55

13.6

Zero for both AFR and ASR 


SuSTAINAbILITy REpORT fOR fy2018

08

Hock Lian Seng Holdings Limited

Environment

The Group is committed to eco-friendly practices that contribute towards building a sustainable environment. Besides 

reducing electricity consumption by turning off lights and machines during lunch and after-office hours, we reduce paper 

usage through setting default double-sided printing, encourage storing files electronically. 

At work sites, we have procedures to encourage recycling and the reduction of construction waste. Treated water is used 

for flushing toilets, washing of vehicles and for the general cleaning while recycle bins are placed at designated areas for 

proper segregation of wastes. 

We have adopted BCA’s Green and Gracious builder Award Criteria, since 2013. The Company is committed to “Green 

Practices” to improve our environmental management programs whereas “Gracious practices” to control the environmental 

impact to the community, inculcate food relationship and bonding with our neighbours and provide good working 

environment for our staff. 

Good green practices include the following but not limited to:

•	

Comply	with	applicable	legal	and	client	requirements

•	

Control	resources	utilization	and	minimize	waste	/	pollutants	generation

•	

Create	greater	awareness	of	environmental	issues	through	training	and	communication

•	

Monitor	environmental	performance	periodically	

Good gracious practices include: 

•	

To	provide	public	with	a	safe	environment	

•	

To	prevent	noise	and	vibration	generated	on	the	site

•	

To	ensures	pro-active	communication	to	the	community

Material Topics 

Performance

Targets

Waste Disposal and Management

306-2

Install equipment to monitor 

Total suspended solids (TSS) 

readings for water discharged 

from the construction site 

TSS &lt; 50mg/litre

TSS reading to be less than 

50mg/litre

Environmental Compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

No incident of non-compliance 

with laws and regulations 

resulting	in	significant*	fines	or	

sanctions for FY2018 

Zero incident of non-compliance

*	 significant	fine	is	one	over	$50,000


SuSTAINAbILITy REpORT fOR fy2018

09

Hock Lian Seng Holdings Limited

Governance 

The Group recognizes that good corporate governance processes are essential for enhancing corporate sustainability. We 

are committed to ensuring and maintaining a high standard of corporate governance and business conduct to safeguard 

the interests of the stakeholders. We are dedicated to uphold integrity and honesty in our operations. 

We work closely with government agencies to keep up-to-date with recent changes in policies with regard to construction, 

and maintain close workings relations to promote the exchange of ideas and understand pertinent issues that may affect 

the business. 

We have also established well-defined limits of authority to manage decision making with the Group. This ensure that all 

actions to be authorised are at all times consistent with the Group’s objectives, principle, ethics and relevant legal and/or 

regulatory requirements. 

Anti-Corruption

A whistle blowing policy is in place within the Group to aid in the deterrence and reporting of corporate malpractice and 

misconducts. 

In FY2018, we are not aware of any incidents of corruption, confirmed or suspected. 

Dealings in Securities

The Group’s code of conduct includes guidelines to directors and employees in the Group, which sets out prohibitions 

against dealings in the Company’s securities (i) while in possession of material unpublished price—sensitive information, 

(ii) during the two weeks immediately preceding, and up to the time of the announcement of, the Company’s results for 

the full financial year. Prior to the commencement of each relevant period, an email would be sent out to all directors and 

employees of the Group to inform them of the duration of the period. 

Material Topics 

Performance

Targets

Anti-Corruption 

205-3

Confirmed	incidents	of	

corruption and actions taken

No incidents 

Provide whistleblowing and anti-

corruption	updates	to	all	staff	

annually 


SuSTAINAbILITy REpORT fOR fy2018

10

Hock Lian Seng Holdings Limited

GRI CONTENT INDEX

GRI Standard

Disclosure 

Notes/ Reference / page reference 

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

Organisation profile

GRI 102-1

Name of Organisation

Hock Lian Seng Holdings Limited

GRI 102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

This report: About us

GRI 102-3/4

Location of headquarters/operations

Singapore

GRI 102-5

Ownership and legal form

AR2018, page 124, Analysis of Shareholdings

GRI 102-6

Markets served

Singapore

GRI 102-7

Scale of organisation

AR2018, page 7, Operations and Financial Review

GRI 102-8

Information on employees and other workers

This report: Our people 

GRI 102-9

Supply chain

This report: Our people

GRI 102-10

Significant	changes	to	the	organization	and	its	

supply chain

There	is	no	significant	changes	during	the	year	of	

review

GRI 102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

The	Group	does	not	specifically	address	the	

principles of the Precautionary approach.

GRI 102-12

External initiatives

Not Applicable

GRI 102-13

Membership of associations

Hock Lian Seng Infrastructure Pte Ltd is an 

associate member of The Singapore Contractors 

Association Ltd(SCAL)

Strategy

GRI 102-14

Statement from Senior decision maker

This report: Board statement 

Ethics and Integrity

GRI 102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behavior

This report: Board statement

Governance

GRI 102-18

Governance structure

This report: Governance structure


SuSTAINAbILITy REpORT fOR fy2018

11

Hock Lian Seng Holdings Limited

Stakeholder Engagement

GRI 102-40

List of shareholders groups

This report: stakeholder engagement

GRI 102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Not applicable 

GRI 102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

This report: stakeholder engagement

GRI 102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

This report: stakeholder engagement

GRI 102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

This report: stakeholder engagement

Reporting Practice

GRI 102-45

Entities	included	in	the	consolidated	financial	

statements

AR	2018	,	page	81	&amp;	82,	Note	11	and	12	Financial	

Statements

GRI 102-46

Defining	report	content	and	topic	Boundaries

This report: Materiality assessment

GRI 102-47

List of material topics

This report: Materiality assessment

GRI 102-48

Restatements of information

N/A

GRI 102-49

Changes in reporting

N/A

GRI 102-50

Reporting period

Financial year ended 30 December 20187

GRI 102-51

Date of most recent report

This is the second report prepared by the 

Company, the 1st report was published in May 

2018

GRI 102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

GRI 102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

info@hlsgroup.com.sg

GRI 102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

standards

 This report has been prepared in reference 

to the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) -Core 

option

GRI 102-55

GRI content index

This report: GRI content index

GRI 102-56

External assurance

Not sought 


SuSTAINAbILITy REpORT fOR fy2018

12

Hock Lian Seng Holdings Limited

SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

Material Topic

Environmental Compliance

GRI 103-1/2/3

Management Approach

This report: Environment

GRI 307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations

This report: Environment

Occupational Health &amp; Safety

GRI 103-1/2/3

Management Approach

This report: Our people

GRI 403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury

This report: Our people

Human Resources training

GRI 103-1/2/3

Management Approach

This report: Our people

GRI 404 -1

Average hours of training per year per employee

This report: Our people

Anti-Corruption

GRI 103-1/2/3

Management Approach

This report: Governance

GRI 205-3

Confirmed	incidents	of	corruption	and	actions	

taken

This report: Governance


80 Marine Parade Road, #16-08 Parkway Parade, Singapore 449269

Tel: (65) 6344 0555 · Fax: (65) 6440 9049

HOCK LIAN SENG HOLDINGS LIMITED

Company Registration No.: 200908903E

w w w . h l s g r o u p . c o m . s g

