SINCE1888
Hong Lai Huat Group Limited
Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report
Table of Contents
1
BOARD STATEMENT
2
ABOUT THE REPORT..
2.1 Report Scope.
4
2.2 Report Methodology....
2.3 Report Structure .
5
2.4 Report Contact and Feedback..
5
3
CORPORATE PROFILE
.6
 3.1 Vision and Mission .
6
3.2 Governance.
6
3.3 Ethics and Compliance ...
INTEGRATING SUSTAINABILITY INTO OUR BUSINESS
4.1 Sustainability Management Framework.
4.2 Key Stakeholders and Material Issues .
7
4.3 Alignment with International Initiatives
4.3.1 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
9
4.3.2 United Nations Global Compact (UNGC)..
11
 STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT.....
5
.12
5.1 Protecting Our Environment for the Future Generations.
.13
5.1.1 Our Approach....
.13
5.1.2 Reduction of Carbon Footprint ..
13
5.1.3 Reduction of Paper Consumption .
.14
5.2 Caring for Our Employees ....
.15
5.2.1 Our Approach ...
.15
5.2.2 Employment Practices.
15
5.2.3 Workforce Diversity ..
.17
5.2.4 Employee Benefits...
.19
5.2.5 Safety and Health in the Workplace
20
5.2.6 Individual Rights ....
.20
5.3 Focusing on Our Customers' Needs ....
..20
5.3.1 Our Approach ..
20
5.3.2 Customer Feedback and Satisfaction ...
.20
5.3.3 Service Quality and Safety....
5.3.4 Data Safety and Privacy..
.21
5.4 Partnering Our Suppliers.
.21
5.4.1 Our Approach ...
.21
5.4.2 Supplier Selection...
21
Page 1

Sustainability Report
5.4.3 Supplier Review....
21
5.5 Supporting Our Community .
22
5.5.1 Our Approach..
.22
PERFORMANCE TABLE.
22
6.1 Energy Usage and CO Emissions .
22
6.2 Paper Consumption
.23
6.3Employment Profile
.23
6.4 Customer Feedback
24
6.5 Supplier Screening for Sustainability Criteria
24
6.6 Community Contribution .
.24
7
GRI CONTENT INDEX
25
Page 2

Sustainability Report
1
BOARD STATEMENT
Hong Lai Huat Group Limited is areputable real estate and property developer with 31 years of successful
track record. Established since 1988, the Group has completed numerous projects in Singapore ranging
from public and private residential developments, to commercial and industrial buildings. Some of
its notable developments in Singapore include D'Ecosia, D'Fresco, D'Castilia, D'Almira, D'Lithium,
D'Kranji Farm Resort and D'Centennial. More than 95% of the Group's business operation focusses
primarily in the Kingdom of Cambodia for its Property, Real Estate and Agricultural business while
the remaining 5% remains in Singapore with its hospitality farm resort located at Kranji Countryside.
The Group has a total portfolio of more than 1,500 residential and 100 commercial units developing in
Cambodia in its fast-growing province Sihanoukville as well as the capital city of Phnom Penh. The
Group also operates a massive landbank with the size of nearly 100 million sqm located in Kampong Speu
Province that focus on the cultivation of fresh cassava. Hong Lai Huat Group Limited was listed on
the Mainboard of the Singapore Stock Exchange on 21 June 2000.
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the "Board"), our Group is proud to present our fourth
Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 ("FY2020"). In our fourth
Sustainability Report, we highlight the progress and achievements of our organisation over the
previous 12 months, with particular focus on our commitment to working alongside our valued
stakeholders to build a sustainable business based on our resilience, adaptability and innovation
It is our belief that building a sustainable business is vital to our continued success and that we must
be fully accountable for our impact on the environment, our customers, our people and our
community as well as its financial performance.
The delivery of sustainable results is a critical aspect of our ability to remain strong and financially
stable. Acknowledging this helps to put into focus our commitment to principles laid out in our
Corporate Sustainability Policy. Our responsibility to society is to ensure that sustainable practices are
 incorporated into every link of our value chain. We must meet the needs not only of our customers,
employees and the community we operate in, but also those of our environment and our future
generations.
This report provides detail about how we have met our responsibilities with our key stakeholders
during the FY2020 and beyond.
Page 3

Sustainability Report
2 ABOUT THE REPORT
This sustainability report articulates our commitment to sustainability and transparency. This is our
fourth sustainability report. The report is designed to provide a transparent and balanced view of Hong
Lai Huat Group Limited (the "Company") and its subsidiaries (the "Group"), to reflect the interests of
our key stakeholders, and to address those interests pragmatically. This report aims to include
comprehensive and accessible information on the company's strategy towards sustainability, key
issues as well as data according to recognized standards.
2.1 Report Scope
The report covers the performance of our consolidated entities in the financial year 2020. The content
of this report will focus on the sustainability performance, activities and initiatives that are under our
direct control, including our Singapore and Cambodia offices and operations, our local and overseas
supply chain.Material issues and topics described in this report have been selected according to their
Ilevel of significance within the company boundaries, the sustainability context and the expectations
of the stakeholders which are reflective of our core business in a consistent manner for comparability
of our performance indicators across time. All material topics disclosed in this report are relevant to
the activities in Singapore and Cambodia. Our corporate governance and sustainability approaches
are drawn from the policies and practices set at the Group level.
This sustainability report focuses on the Group's sustainability strategies and practices whilst
highlighting the economic, environmental, and social and governance aspects of our activities and
developments. The report aims to provide an overview of our approach, priorities and targets, as well
as a performance review for our key sustainability areas.
2.2 Report Methodology
We have prepared our report based on the requirements of the 'In Accordance" - Core Option of the
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards Sustainability Reporting Guidelines. We have chosen the
GRI Standards as the reporting guidelines for its robust guidance which offers an international
reference for the disclosure of governance approach and of the environmental, social and economic
performance and impacts of organizations. This report also takes into consideration the primary
components of the report content as set out by the Singapore Exchange's (SGX's) "Comply or Explain"
requirements for sustainability reporting. Our data are reported in good faith and to the best of our
 knowledge. We will continue to improve our data collection processes.
We did not seek external assurance for this report
Page 4

Sustainability Report
2.3 Report Structure
This Sustainability Report is structured to reflect the interests of our key stakeholders. We have
identified five key stakeholder groups, namely, the environment and future generations, employees,
customers, suppliers and communities. For each stakeholder group, we lay out our management
approaches that govern how our material issues are identified as well as how the issues are prioritized
and managed. Further, we will present our initiatives relating to sustainability in the areas of
environmental, social and economic issues relevant to our topics and boundaries. Finally, we will
provide the information of our key performance indicators, performance targets and outcomes.
The information regarding the basis for report boundaries and our materiality assessment is provided
in section 4.
All together, this report provides the basis for our responses and disclosures to the GRI-Standards 'In
Accordance' - Core requirements. Relevant sections in the report are referenced in the GRI Content
Index provided in section 7.
2.4Report Contact and Feedback
We welcome and value your feedback on the content of this report and encourage you to contact us
through the following channels:
 In writing to:
Dylan Ong
Hong Lai Huat Group Limited
1 Gateway Drive
#20-12/13
Westgate Tower
Singapore 608531
Via our contact page at www.honglaihuatgroup.com/contact-general/
This report is provided in PDF format only and is available for download on the following page of our
website: http://www.honglaihuatgroup.com/sustainability-report/
Page 5

Sustainability Report
 CORPORATE PROFILE
3.1 Vision and Mission
We believe it is our responsibility to manage the Group successfully on a sustainable long-term basis
We are committed to deliver greater value and returns to our shareholders, business partners and
employees.
Our employees operate according to a set of core values that guide all aspects of our business. We
recognise that cooperation, communication and trust are essential for us to collaborate to compete,
and that care and concern through respect, patience, empathy and consideration are essential, both
 between each other and among the communities in which we operate.
3.2Governance
Our Board of Directors (the Board) oversees all corporate governance and operational matters relating
to our business. For corporate sustainability, the Board is supported by the Corporate Sustainability
Committee (CSC) which is chaired by our Director and includes other designated senior executives.
The CSC provides leadership and approval over corporate sustainability matters such as Corporate
Social Responsibility (CSR) plan, community investment and environmental initiatives. Supported by
the CSC, our Corporate Sustainability Champion (the Champion) is our Subject Matter Expert (SME) in
the area of corporate sustainability, and pro-actively raises awareness through education and training
across the organization. Through the Corporate Sustainability Work Group (CSWG), our Champion
engages businesses and functions in collectively executing the csR plan,identifying and managing the
Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) Factors as well as engaging the sustainability stakeholders.
Our businesses and functions provide back-to-back assurance over the quality of information for
 sustainability reporting.
Board
Corporate Sustainability Committee (CSC)
Corporate Sustainability Champion
Corporate Sustainability
Workgroup(CSWG)
Page 6

Sustainability Report
3.3Ethics and Compliance
Being a listed company in the Singapore Exchange (SGX), we are managed to the highest standards of
corporate governance as required in the listing rules. We strictly conform to local and international
best practices. Our corporate governance framework covers ethics and compliance through a Code of
Conduct as well as action guidelines which are to be adhered by the officers and employees across the
organization. Every new employee is introduced to our Code of Conduct and our policies on ethics and
compliances which includes areas such as anti-corruption. Communication channels, are in place to
enable all employees and individuals engaged in business activities to report complaints of unethical
behaviour. We have a dedicated officer who maintains a register of incidences regarding ethics and
compliance issues and escalates to the management where appropriate.
1
INTEGRATING SUSTAINABILITY INTO OUR BUSINESS
We believe corporate social responsibility is a key driver towards long-term sustainability. Such
responsibility is pragmatically integrated into our business practices as one of the core values in our
corporate culture. Embedding such responsibility into our management processes across the value
chain allows us to establish credibility among our stakeholders. Through our action today, we play a
part in influencing the environment for our future generations. Through integrating the notion of
sustainability in our business, we ensure that our business strategy and operations are in line with a
Iong-term vision towards a conducive and sustainable future.
4.1 Sustainability Management Framework
We performed an analysis on our business and operation models as the basis for our stakeholder
mapping and materiality assessment. Through our analysis, we identified five key stakeholder groups
within our sustainability context and their respective material issues are to be shown in this report.
4.2 Key Stakeholders and Material Issues
We have a regular review, assessment and feedback process in relation to Environmental, Social and
Governance (ESG) topics. The key to this is an annual management review exercise which entails the
identification, assessment and documentation of material risks and corresponding internal controls.
Such material risks include fraud and corruption, environmental, health and safety, and human capital
risks which are ESG-relevant. We are continuously improving the adequacy and effectiveness of our
Risk Assessment and Control Self-Assessment processes in response to changing business and
operation environment.
Through regular stakeholder engagement, we identify and review material issues that are most
relevant and significant to us and our stakeholders. For external stakeholders, priority is given to issues
important to the society and those applicable to us. Then, we prioritize our sustainability efforts and
report issues that are most material to its business and stakeholders. Considering that stakeholders
and material issues are specific in countries and locations, we are reporting the stakeholder
engagement and material issues for our Singapore and Cambodia operations in this report.
Page 7

Sustainability Report
Stakeholders
Material Issues
Significance
Future Generation
*
Materials, recycling of product
Our sustainability agenda for the environment
material and packaging
and future generation is embedded into the
Environmental education of our
day-to-day business activities among our staff
employees and customers
We continue to strive to improve from a holistic
Reduction of carbon emissions
X
perspective through the company culture and
Energy consumption
X
practices.Within the big picture of
sustainability, we take steps to focus on key
goals such as curbing global warming,
conserving and recycling resources.Such areas
are crucial to a sustainability economic
ecosystem for our customers which are keys to
our business sustainability.
well-being
Employee
Employee
through
*
An ethical and professional working environment
workplace health & safety and
is crucial in cultivating a corporate culture which
work life balance
motivates and empowers our employees to meet
Regular training of employees on
*
their full potential both professionally and
critical
skillsets
sustain
to
 personally.
competitiveness
*
Competitive
compensation
scheme to retain talents
Non-discrimination, diversity and
equality
 Senior management engagement
with employees
Customer
Safety of our customers in our
The quality and safety of our services and
services delivery
products to our customers are the core focuses
**
Customer data privacy
of our commitments. Through our quality and
Customer satisfaction and
safety commitments to our customer, we will, in
customer-centric approach
turn, be contributing to their own successful
sustainable development.
Supplier
Environmental, labour and human
X+
To effectively and meaningfully implement our
rights impact in the supply chain
sustainability agenda, it is important that our
suppliers and partners share our values in their
business practices in the areas such as the
environment,human rights,labour practices
and corporate ethics. Such alignment of values
is a crucial part of building mutually beneficial
relations with supplier and channel partners to
enhance both their own competitiveness and
that of ours.
Community
 Impact on communities and local
In our vision in moving our business to high-
economies, and future generation
value-added business areas, abilities to identify
education
and attract people with knowledge and talent
Economic value generated and
are crucial to sustainability of our businesses.
distributed to local community
Within a broad range of our community
engagements,we focus on the education of
today's youth and providing financial and
practical support to targeted local and
communities, through donation, sponsorship,
fundraising and voluntary activities.
Common to All
Compliance with prevailing laws
*
Legal compliance and ethical practices are the
Stakeholder Groups
and regulations
core foundation of our business. Our such
Good corporate governance &
culture is established and sustained through
ethics, transparency and non-
strong corporate governance, transparent
financial reporting
reporting and open communications with all our
Ethical business practices such as
stakeholder groups.
anti-corruption
Grievance mechanisms
Page 8

Sustainability Report
4.3 Alignment with International Initiatives
4.3.1 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Established in 1945 under the Charter of the United Nations (UN), the General Assembly occupies a
central position as the chief deliberative, policymaking and representative organ of the United Nations.
Comprising all 193 Members of the United Nations, it provides a unique forum for multilateral
discussion of the full spectrum of international issues covered by the Charter. It also plays a significant
role in the process of standard-setting and the codification of international law.
On 25 September 2015, the UN General Assembly adopted the 17 Sustainable Development Goals
(SDGs) to end poverty, protect the planet, and ensure prosperity for all as part of a new sustainable
development agenda. Each goal has specific targets to be achieved over the next 15 years. Although
the SDGs are primarily aimed at governments, they represent an important opportunity for businesses
to also act for a more sustainable world. We will use SDGs as one of the guiding principles for our
sustainability initiatives.
We acknowledge that our participation in reaching the SDGs has room for improvement. As we
advance on our sustainability journey, we will continue to assess our alignment with the SDGs and
whenever possible, redirect our internal priorities and sustainability strategy to more effectively and
comprehensively address the goals.
SDGs Logo Source: http://www.un.ora/sustainabledevelopment/news/communications-material
Page 9

Sustainability Report
SDG Goal
Relevant Targets to Our Businesses
Our Participation
(Source:
http://sustainabledevelopment.un.org)
13.3: Improve education, awareness-raising
13 GUMATE
We have our own internal processes and
and human and institutional capacity on
environmental policies to reduce electricity
climate change mitigation, adaptation,.
and fuel consumption. Our approach to
 impact reduction and early warning.
mitigating climate change includes staff
training and implementing energy-efficient
measures. We monitor and report our GHG
 emissions and set reduction targets.
15.1: By 2020, ensure the conservation,
All the paper used in our offices are either
restoration and sustainable use of terrestrial
Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certified or
and inland freshwater ecosystems and their
made from KHAN-NA. We actively promote
services, in particular forests, wetlands,
theuseofsuchpapersacrossour
mountains and drylands, in line with
organisation. Through that, the Company
obligations under international agreements.
supports efforts in mitigating global warming
 and the creation of positive rural community
engagement, job opportunity, and better
livelihood for the farmers and members of the
community.
5 EENRERrY
The following SDG goals are relevant to our
M
W
business, operations and value chain. They are
addressed in our various policies at group level.
9AN
Such goals are also embedded in various initiatives
e
carried out across the organization.
G
13 CLMAIE
15 HMEAD
16
2 RENDER
We do not believe these goals are relevant to our
SSS
business or industry. They are not within our
boundaries and scope of influence; therefore, we
14 UEEW WATER
are currently unable to make noticeable
contributions to such goals.
Page 10

Sustainability Report
4.3.2United Nations Global Compact (UNGC)
The United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) is a United Nations initiative to encourage businesses
worldwide to adopt sustainable and socially responsible policies, and to report on their
implementation. The UNGC is a principle-based framework for businesses, stating ten principles in the
areas of human rights, labour, the environment and anti-corruption.
Below are the references of our report to the 10 principles of the UNGC.
Principle
Report Section
 Human Rights
Principle 1
Businesses should support and respect the protection
of
5.2.2.1, 5.2.6
internationally proclaimed human rights.
 Principle 2
 Make sure that they are not complicit in human rights abuses.
5.2.2.1, 5.2.6
 Labour
Principle 3
Businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the
5.2.2.1, 5.2.6
effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining.
Principle 4
Elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour.
5.2.2.1, 5.2.4.1
Effective abolition of child labour.
Principle 5
5.2.1, 5.2.2.1
Principle 6
Elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and
5.2.2.1, 5.2.6
occupation.
Environment
Businesses should support a precautionary approach
Principle 7
to
5.1.1
environmental challenges.
Principle 8
Undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental
5.1.2, 5.1.3
responsibility.
Principle 9
Encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally
5.1.2, 5.1.3
friendly technologies.
Anti-Corruption
 Businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, including
Principle 10
3.3
extortion and bribery.
Page 11

Sustainability Report
5
 STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
We believe that good Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) practice goes hand-in-hand with good
corporate management practice. We also recognize that it is vital that our management approaches
are adaptable to the dynamics of business and operation environment in such a way that we can
continuously assess our impacts,develop sustainability objectives and respond in a proper manner to
meet our stakeholders' expectations. Our CSR framework is based on our approach to sustainability
and includes policies and measurement mechanisms to monitor the impacts made by our businesses
and operations.
Key to the success of our sustainability programme is regular and up-to-date communication about
our CSR policies and activities to all our stakeholders, and the provision of appropriate feedback
mechanisms so that we can monitor and evaluate how we are doing and explore new possibilities
stimulated by stakeholder responses. We see our sustainability reports as being a critical component
of this continuous cycle of communication and evaluation. The overall sustainability context of the
stakeholder engagements is managed through our CSR plan for our sustainability governance
oversight.
Initiatives
Stakeholder
Management
Outcome and Responses
Boundaries
Approach
Future
Internal Awareness
Energy Efficient Lighting,
Energy conservation
Singapore and
and Waste Recycling.
Generation
and Education
Digital Filing and Document
Cambodia
to Reduce Paper
Operations
Consumption
Employee
Code of Conduct, Fair
Staff Communication
Work Life Balance
Singapore and
Sessions, Staff
Employment Practices,
Programmes, Training
Cambodia
Training and Career
Feedback Process,
Programmes, Employee
Operations
Development
Staff Exit Interviews
Benefits, Re-engagement
Customer Relationship
Customer Feedback
Customer
Customer Complaints and
Singapore and
Management System,
Process, Competitive
Compliments Statistics /
Cambodia
Policies on Quality
Benchmarking
Trending
Operations
Assurance, Data
survey, Customer
Security for Customer
Data Protection
Information, Privacy
Awareness and
policy
Education Program
Supplier
Feedback and
Supplier Selection and
Incident Register, Supplier
Singapore and
Regular Review Process
Communication with
Engagement
Cambodia
Suppliers through
Operations
Supplier
Performance Review
Community
Selection of
CSR Programme,
Increase Visibility of
Singapore and
Community Initiatives
Awards and
Company's CSR Efforts
Cambodia
in Alignment with
Accolades,
Operations
Organization Goals
Corporate
Rebranding
Page 12

Sustainability Report
5.1 Protecting Our Environment for the Future Generations
5.1.1 Our Approach
We are committed to maintaining and building on the same stringent environmental policies and
standards. We continually seek new and innovative ways to reduce the environmental impact of our
products and services while maintaining the highest levels of quality. We recognise our responsibility
to protect the environment for the health and wellbeing of the future generations.
5.1.2 Reduction of Carbon Footprint
We recognize that the effective management and monitoring of its carbon footprint can reduce
operating costs, raise brand profile, create a competitive edge and increase stakeholder value. Our
carbon footprint is measured in terms of Greenhouse Gas(GHG) emission.However,GHG emission is
an absolute measure of how much carbon dioxide equivalent (COze) is emitted. Our GHG emission is
predominantly direct (Scope 1) emission and indirect (Scope 2) emission, and we do not include the
GHG emissions generated by our suppliers (Scope 3).
Considering the changes and dynamics of business and operations, we established our GHG emission
efficiency index for consistent tracking of carbon footprint over time. To this end, we have set a target
for GHG emission efficiency improvement of 10% from our 2017 base level by 2030. Our target for
GHG emission improvement is 0.7% per year. AIthough various business lines and operations account
for different percentage of GHG emissions across the organization, they all support this target and
 have aligned our environmental objectives accordingly.
In FY2020, the GHG emission efficiency index stands at 24.6 which is 118% increase compared to last
year.
GHG Carbon Emission Index
30.0
aS
25.0
20.0
15.0
10.0
5.0
2019
2020
Year
Page 13

Sustainability Report
5.1.3 Reduction of Paper Consumption
All our employees are urged to minimize paper wastage at work by adhering to our Internal Paper
Usage Reduction Guidelines. For example, double-sided printing is set as a default, lower grammage
paper is used for daily printing, and blank sides of unneeded single-sided copies are used for printing
drafts. Paper re-use and recycling habits are also cultivated through initiatives such as our in-house
reminders posted near the copy machines.
All waste paper from our own offices is collected for recycling. Further, we encourage all employees
to adopt digital documents instead of paper documents with an aim to further reduce paper
consumption.
Considering the changes and dynamics of business and operations, we established our paper
consumption index for consistent tracking of paper consumption over time. To this end, we have set
a target for a paper consumption improvement of 10% from our 2017 base level by 2030. Our target
for paper consumption improvement is 0.7% per year. Although various business lines and operations
account for different percentage of paper consumption across the organization, they all support this
 target and have aligned our environmental objectives accordingly.
In FY2020, we consumed total of 311 kg of paper, 100% of which are either Forest Stewardship Council
(FSC) certified or made from KHAN-NA. The paper consumption index standards at 31.9 which is 95%
increase compared to last year.
Paper Consumption Index
35.0
30.0
25.0
as
20.0
1!W/Bx
15.0
10.0
5.0
2019
2020
Year
Page 14

Sustainability Report
5.2 Caring for Our Employees
5.2.1 Our Approach
Our people are our most valuable resource and investing in their professional and personal well-being
is vital to our business sustainability. Our goal is to establish work ethics among our employees, which
are in line with our core values and code of conduct. They are the foundation upon which we build all
our business initiatives and conduct our day-to-day activities.
We recognise that a motivated workforce will convey a positive and powerful message to all our key
stakeholders, such as our customers, suppliers and the members of the community. By attracting,
nurturing, empowering and rewarding our employees, we create an environment conducive for
innovation and inspiration flourish to further boost our competitiveness. Such commitment to our
employees promotes a corporate culture of passion, quality, excellence and trust within the
organization which reflect in our ability to create values to our stakeholders.
Our Human Resource (HR) management principles and policies have been developed and established
based on fair employment practices with the goal of attracting, supporting and maintaining a
motivated workforce. Our HR policies cover key areas such as remuneration, benefits, health and
safety, career development and training. Such policies are communicated to all employees through
our comprehensive Employee Handbook which is regularly reviewed by our management and we
constantly seek feedback from our staff to ensure that our decisions are aligned as much as possible
with their needs.
Our business operates in an environment which comprises diverse races, cultures and geographic
locations. With this in mind, our HR polices are implemented across the organization within the
principles with pragmatism, taking into consideration of the prevailing laws and regulations as well as
Iocal culture, norms and racial sensitivity.
5.2.2 Employment Practices
Our employment practices focus on maximizing the strength of our employees by providing equal
opportunities based on merits, and help our employees to develop strength through our
comprehensive training and development programme. We regularly review the performance and
development of our employees to effectively match their strength to their job specifications. Our
performance-based reward scheme provides guidance and motivation to our employee to perform to
 their potentials in alignment with the objectives of the company.
5.2.2.1 The Tripartite Guidelines on Fair Employment Practices
We proactively pursue and adopt best practices in HR management. Our HR practices are guided by
the Singapore Tripartite Alliance for Fair and Progressive Employment Practices. The Singapore
Tripartite Alliance comprises the Ministry of Manpower, Singapore National Employers Federation and
National Trades Union Congress. The Tripartite Alliance has formulated guidelines on fair employment
practice for adoption by Singapore employers, embracing the recruitment, training, treatment and
reward of employees.
Page 15

Sustainability Report
5.2.2.2 Communications
As our Company grows, effective communications across the organization are crucial to ensure
continuous alignment of objectives of the employees and the organizational objectives. We achieve
this through our various communication sessions customized based on target employees.
Communication sessions for our managers are held on a regular basis. Agendas covered at these
sessions are customized in appropriate to the target functional scope of the managers. For example,
in monthly managers' meeting, operational agendas such as leadership and operation issues may be
discussed while at the quarterly sessions high level topics include strategic business directions, new
service launches, ongoing developments and key project reviews.
5.2.2.3Employee Feedback
We value our employee's expertise in their areas of responsibilities. Therefore, their feedbacks are
important in the improvement of overall management and operation of the organization. Through
various established processes of employee engagement, such as employee objective setting,
performance review as well as exit interview in the case of resignations, we gather such valuable
feedbacks for the continuous improvement of our organization.
In addition, there are other feedback channels for areas specific to business and function, such as
health and safety issues and compliance issues. Such feedbacks are managed by the leaders and
managers of their specific business and function domain. We have also established reporting and
 escalation channel should the feedback requirements the attention of higher management.
5.2.2.4 Career Development and Training
We recognise that consistent and ongoing education is critical to maintaining a competitive, skilled,
productive and motivated workforce. Employee career development and performance management
established based on merits and contributing skill sets towards the organization objectives through
objective settings and regular performance reviews. We continue to review and improve our career
development and performance review process in light of the changing business and operation
environment.
Page 16

Sustainability Report
5.2.3Workforce Diversity
Our business thrives on diversity. As such, we leverage on a host of strengths and skills that can only
come from a diverse workforce embracing employees of different ethnic group, religion, age and
gender.
In FY2020, 35 of our employees were female, comprising 29% of our workforce, while 85 (71%)
employees were male. In terms of management function, 2 females (10%) held managerial positions
compared to 19 (90%) males, while 33 females (33%) and 66 males (67%) held non-managerial
positions. The male to female ratio of managerial and non-managerial positions were 10:1 and 2:1
respectively. From the age profile perspective, there were 45 employees below 30 years old. The
number of employees between 30 and 50 years old was 67 as compared 8 employees above 50 years
old.
Workforce Profile
140
120
100
24
33
Female (Senior Management)
80
15
Female (Managerial)
16
60
 Female (Non-Managerial)
Male (Senior Management)
40
69
66
 Male (Managerial)
20
 Male (Non-Managerial)
2019
2020
Financial Year
Page 17

Sustainability Report
Senior Management
60%
50%
25%
40%
30%
20%
75%
10%
 > 50
30-50
30
Male Female
Age Group
Managerial Staff
100%
90%
80%
70%
60%
50%
40%
30%
20%
94%
10%
> 50
30-50
 30
MaleFemale
Age Group
Non-Managerial Staff
60%
50%
40%
33%
30%
20%
67%
10%
>50
 30-50
  30
Male Female
Age Group
Overall
60%
50%
29%
40%
30%
20%
10%
 > 50
 30-50
 30
Male Female
Age Group
Page 18

Sustainability Report
In addition to the human resources, we managed under our payroll internally, we also engage external
contracted companies as our outsourced vendors which provide outsourced personnel, such as
cleaners who might work within our premises. Although we supervise these people, they are
employed by contracted companies and are not included in our head count. We do not employ other
types of un-contracted workers.
We expect that all the contracted companies we work with will share our core principles of HR
management practices. In our vendor selection process, we take into consideration of their HR
management practices as one of the key selections and performance criteria. We regularly review the
performance of our vendors based on these criteria as a key basis to determine whether to continue
to engage the vendors with their services.
5.2.4 Employee Benefits
All non-managerial employees in Singapore and Cambodia are covered by the Employment Act and
Labour Law respectively, which provides basic employment terms and working conditions including
contract requirements, remuneration, hours of work, overtime, rest days and annual leave
entitlement.
In addition to the statutory benefits outlined in the Employment Act and Labour Law, we provide
beyond-compliance-level benefits to our fulltime employees. Examples of these benefits include
paternity leave and compassionate leave.
5.2.4.1 Work-Life Balance
While developing the talents of our employees and providing equal opportunities for them to excel
are the key drivers for our company, we also recognize that well-being and contentment of our
employees pivotal to the success and sustainability of our business and performance. Our employees
are our most valuable asset, and we appreciate that their overall well-beings need to be well looked
after in order for them to sustain their performance and realize their full potential.
To support our employees to strike a work-life balance,we aim to create an environment that allows
our employees to achieve harmony in their personal and professional life. We achieve this through
the adoption of a flexible approach to work arrangements and offering programmes to support health
and wellness.
We understand that workplace could be at times stressful due to the competitiveness of our workforce
and our business. To support our employees in their effort of pursuing excellence, we have various
programmes and initiatives to balance their work with fun, and to development an environment and
culture of mutual support.
5.2.4.2 Retirement and Healthcare
Our company has presence in various geographic locations where there are various local laws and
regulations on pension and healthcare for employees. Our HR management practices comply with
such laws and regulations. In Singapore, we participate in the Central Provident Fund (CPF) personal
savings scheme, which helps employees fund their retirement, home ownership, healthcare and
education. Under this scheme, monthly deductions from employees' gross salaries are paid into their
CPF savings accounts. We, the company, make employer contributions to these accounts, according
to rates stipulated in the CPF Act.In addition to CPF contributions,we provide comprehensive medical
coverage for all employees. For more information on the CPF scheme and contribution rates, please
go to www.cpf.gov.sg.
Page 19

Sustainability Report
5.2.5 Safety and Health in the Workplace
We are committed to Workplace Safety and Health (WSH) and we take every precaution to prevent
occupational injuries among our employees. We believe that optimum work conditions not only make
our employees safer, but also boost morale. As an essential requirement we are in compliance with
the Ministry of Manpower's Workplace Safety & Health Act.
5.2.6 Individual Rights
Respecting and protecting basic human rights is fundamental to all our operations and deeply
ingrained in our Code of Conduct, which applies to all employees. Labour rights,the prohibition of
discrimination and harassment, protection of privacy, prohibition of forced and child labour, and
workplace health and safety are all strictly observed within the work environment and discrimination
and harassment of any kind is not tolerated at our company.
We also respect our employees' rights to freedom of association as well as their membership of trade
unions and other professional bodies.
In FY2020, 0% of our workforce was covered by a collective bargaining agreement; no incidents of
forced labour, child labour or young workers were identified across the organisation, and no human
rights-related grievances had been reported.
5.3 Focusing on Our Customers' Needs
5.3.1 Our Approach
Customer service, quality products and the highest level of product safety have always been our
priorities, with customer satisfaction being the goal of all our corporate activities. Customer retention
begins with trust, and we place the utmost importance on training our employees in customer service
excellence as well as in continuously striving to improve the quality and safety of our products and
services.
Open and frequent communication and responsive feedback are ingrained into our daily activities with
customer interaction. In addition to striving for excellence in product service and support, we attach
enormous importance to data privacy. We have process and controls in place over confidential and
sensitive data related to our customers such as contracts.
5.3.2
 Customer Feedback and Satisfaction
We listen to our customers and take their opinions very seriously. We consolidate customer feedback
through a range of communication channels including our website, and our customer service
personnel. Through our customer feedback system, we capture our customers' comments for analysis
and action. Customer compliments are also tracked so that we can monitor where we are getting
things right and cascade positive feedback to our employees, to their superiors and to our CEO
5.3.3 Service Quality and Safety
Reliability and quality of our products are of paramount importance to us. Health and safety of our
customers is always our priority.To ensure product safety to our customers,we have in place a set of
key quality assurance, to ensure compliance with regulations and international standards. Ultimately,
we aim to totally eliminate product safety incidents so as to foster a 'Safety First' culture through
employee training and quality control.
Page 20

Sustainability Report
5.3.4Data Safety and Privacy
Ensuring safety and privacy of our customers' data is of great priority to us. We have processes and
controls in place for handling and communicating sensitive and confidential information of our
customers such as contracts, customer orders and service delivery orders. Our information security
policies ensure our customers' data are managed in accordance to the level of confidentiality. We
strictly observe all local laws and internal regulations applicable to personal information protection.
For the collection and disposal of wastepaper, we work with our office cleaning personnel for handling
and reselling of wastepaper to recovery companies for pragmatic reasons. Every individual is
responsible for the shredding all papers, including confidential documents, before disposing into
paper recycling boxes situated near photocopiers and printers. Such practice established within our
office provides us with the confidence that sensitive information is protected during the whole life
cycle of our documents.
5.4 Partnering Our Suppliers
5.4.1 Our Approach
As a part of our ambition to realize sustainability throughout our value chain, we extend the
application of responsible business practices to our local partners and suppliers. We recognise that
we are only at the beginning of our journey to integrate sustainable business practice throughout our
supply chain, and we commit in our pragmatic approach to continuous improvement. We aim to
identify new opportunities for collaboration with our suppliers, gradually increase transparency and
continue to build shared capacity to minimise our indirect environmental and social impacts.
5.4.2 Supplier Selection
Our key suppliers are carefully selected through our supplier selection process. When selecting our
key suppliers, we examine criteria such as financial health, quality of products and services, as well as
competitiveness of pricing. In addition, we also take into consideration of the overall sustainability
policies adopted by our suppliers. Our final decision on supplier selection is based on the overall
assessment which takes a balanced view across all selection criteria.
5.4.3 Supplier Review
We regularly review the performance of our key suppliers to determine whether to extend our
partnership with them. During the key supplier review process, we engage with our key suppliers to
communicate our expectations and mutual feedbacks. Such review process ensures alignment of our
key suppliers' services and products to our business requirements and sustainability objectives
through pragmatic and continuous improvement in our partnership with our key suppliers.
Page 21

Sustainability Report
5.5 Supporting Our Community
5.5.1 Our Approach
We have been providing support to the communities. The key motivation driving all our community
engagement initiatives is to enable and empower young people. By supporting young people today
and helping to educate them about the world they are to inherit, our goal is to benefit not only the
current generation, but also the next.
We also recognize that meeting the needs of today's youth goes beyond their own education, security
and well-being, extending to that of their families, homes and neighbourhoods as well. To this end,
our engagement programmes also encompass financial and practical support in carefully selected
communities, through donation, voluntary activities and fundraising.
Our community initiatives are selected according to how closely they are aligned with our own
community engagement goals of "enabling and empowering young people", the anticipated staff
participation rate, and the tangible impact on the beneficiary. Separately, we also engage on other
community initiatives on an ad hoc basis. All our business units and some of our channel partners are
involved in our community engagement programmes.
PERFORMANCE TABLE
6.1 Energy Usage and COz Emissions
GHG emissions are measured in tonnes (t-COz); the underlying measures for direct and indirect CO2
emissions calculation are electricity consumption in kilowatt Hours (kWh) and fuel consumed. The
electricity and fuel we purchase are both from non-renewable sources.
Our business and function grow over time; the GHG emissions and electricity consumption vary. To
ensure consistency and comparability of the GHG emission and electricity consumption measures over
time, we create a GHG emission index and electricity consumption index for our performance
monitoring. The index adjusts the GHG emissions and electricity consumption for the size of our
activities.We normalize the amount GHG emissions and electricity consumption by the amount of our
revenues which we use as a proxy of the size of our activities. The GHG emission index is measured in
t-COz per SGD million and the electricity consumption index is measured in kWh per SGD million.
Performance
Performance
Target
FY2020
FY2019
FY2021
11.3
GHG Emission Index
24.6
24.4
(kg-COz/ SGD million)
[To reduce 0.7%]
Electricity
9,473
21,791
21,638
Consumption Index
[To reduce 0.7%]
(kWh / SGD million)
FY2020
As of FY2020, the GHG emission index stands at 24.6 which is 118% increase compared to
Performance
last year.
As of FY2020, the Electricity consumption index stands 21,791 which is 130% increase
compared to last year.
Page 22

Sustainability Report
6.2Paper Consumption
We capture the data for paper consumption by how many reams of paper used where one ream is
equivalent to 500 sheets of paper. To ensure consistency and comparability across various paper sizes,
such as A3 and A4 papers, we measure the paper consumption by the weight of paper used which is
adjusted for the various sizes and quality of papers.
Our business and function grow over time and the paper consumption patterns vary. We devise a
paper consumption index for our performance monitoring. The index adjusts the paper consumption
for the size of our activities. We normalize the amount of weights of paper consumed by the amount
of our revenues which we use as a proxy of the size of our activities. The paper consumption index is
measured in kilograms per million SGD.
Performance
Performance
Target
FY2019
FY2020
FY2021
 Paper Used for Office Printing
 Weight of Paper Consumption
311 kg (100%)
506 kg (100%)
309 kg (100%)
(kg) [% of paper with FSC
[To reduce 0.7%]
certification]
16.4
31.9
Paper Consumption Index
31.7
(kg / SGD million)
[To reduce 0.7%]
FY2020
As of FY2020, the Paper Consumption Index stands at 31.9 which is 95% increase compared
Performance
 to last year.
6.3
Employment Profile
Performance
Performance
FY2019
FY2020
3 : 1
Male : Female ratio in non-
2 : 1
(Total = 93)
managerial positions
(Total: 99)
10 : 1
 Male : Female ratio in
10 : 1
(Total = 21)
managerial positions
(Total: 21)
FY2020
As of FY2020, the Gender Ratio (Male: Female) for non-managerial and managerial
Performance
positions stand at 2:1and10:1 respectively
Page 23

Sustainability Report
6.4Customer Feedback
Performance
Performance
FY2019
FY2020
Customer Compliments
4
 Customer Complaints
5
10
Customer Satisfaction Index
29%
FY2020
As of FY2020, the Customer Satisfaction Index stands at 29%. Customer Complaints stands
Performance
at10 which is 100% increase compared to last year
6.5 Supplier Screening for Sustainability Criteria
Performance
Performance
FY2019
FY2020
11%
Key Suppliers Screened
18%
for Sustainability Criteria
(%)
FY2020
As of FY2020, the Key Suppliers Screened for Sustainability Criteria stands at 18% which is
Performance
7% improvement from last year.
6.6
Community Contribution
Performance
Performance
FY2019
FY2020
Donation
133,779
269,650
FY2020
 As of FY2020, we donated SGD $269,650 which is 102% increase compared to last year.
Performance
Page 24

Sustainability Report
GRI CONTENT INDEX
This report is prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards Core option.
We did not seek external assurance for this report.
N.B.: AR = Annual Report, SR = Sustainability Report (i.e. this report)
GRI Reference
Disclosure
Response
General Standard Disclosure
102-1
Name of the organization
SR Section 1
Activities, brands, products, and services
102-2
AR Page 1 (Corporate profile)
AR Page 50 (Notes to The
102-3
Location of headquarters
Financial Statements)
AR Page 4 (Operations review),
102-4
Location of operations
102 (Note 38: Segment
information)
 Ownership and legal form
102-5
AR Page 1 (Corporate profile)
AR Page 4 (Operations review),
102-6
Markets served
102 (Note 38: Segment
Organization
information)
102-7
 Scale of the organization
Profile
AR Page 4 (Operations review)
Information on employees and other
102-8
SR Section 5.2.3
workers
SR Section 5.4, 5.4.1, 5.4.2,
102-9
Supply chain
5.4.3
Significant changes to the organization and
No significant changes
102-10
its supply chain
SR Section 3.2, 3.3, 4, 4.1, 5,
102-11
Precautionary Principle or approach
5.1.1, 5.2.1, 5.3.1, 5.4.1, 5.5.1
102-12
External initiatives
None
102-13
Membership of associations
None
Strategy
 Statement from senior decision-maker
SR Section Error! Reference
102-14
source not found.
Ethics and
Values, principles, standards, and norms of
AR Page 13 (Code of
102-16
Integrity
behaviour
Governance), SR Section 3.1, 3.3
AR Page 13 (Code of
102-18
Governance
Governance structure
Governance)
List of stakeholder groups
SR Section 5, 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 5.4,
102-40
5.5
102-41
Collective bargaining agreements
SR Section 5.2.6
Stakeholder
Identifying and selecting stakeholders
Engagement
102-42
SR Section 5
Approach to stakeholder engagement
102-43
 SR Section 5
102-44
Key topics and concerns raised
SR Section 4.2, 5
Entities included in the consolidated
AR Page 12 (Organisation
102-45
financial statements
structure)
Defining report content and topic
102-46
SR Section 2.1, 2.2, 2.3
Reporting
boundaries
List of material topics
Practice
102-47
SR Section 4.2
Restatements of information
102-48
No.
102-49
 Changes in reporting
No.
102-50
Reporting period
SR Section 2.1
Page 25

Sustainability Report
GRI Reference
Disclosure
Response
102-51
Date of most recent report
SR Section 2.1
Reporting cycle
102-52
SR Section 2.1
Contact point for questions regarding the
SR Section 2.4
102-53
report
Claims of reporting in accordance with the
SR Section 2.2
102-54
GRI Standards
102-55
GRI content index
SR Section 7
External assurance
102-56
SR Section 2.2
Economic
Direct economic value generated and
 201-1
AR Page 43 (Income
distributed
statements)
Defined benefit plan obligations and other
Economic
SR Section 5.2.4.2
201-3
Performance
retirement plans
Financial assistance received from
No
 201-4
government
Operations assessed for risks related to
205-1
SR Section 4.2
corruption
SR Section 3.3
205-2
Communication and training about anti-
Anti-corruption
corruption policies and procedures
Confirmed incidents of corruption and
No incident has been reported
205-3
 actions taken
Legal actions for anti-competitive
Anti-
No legal action has been
206-1
competitive
behaviour, anti-trust, and monopoly
reported
Behaviour
practices
Environment
 302-1
Energy consumption within the organization
SR Section 5.1.2
Energy
302-4
Reduction of energy consumption
SR Section 5.1.2, 6.1
Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions
305-1
SR Section 5.1.2, 6.1
Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions
305-2
SR Section 5.1.2, 6.1
Emissions
305-3
Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions
SR Section 5.1.2, 6.1
Reduction of GHG emissions
305-5
SR Section 5.1.2, 6.1
 Non-compliance with environmental laws
Environmental
No incident has been reported
307-1
Compliance
and regulations
Supplier
New suppliers that were screened using
SR Section 5.4.3, 6.5
Environmental
308-1
Assessment
environmental criteria
 Social
Benefits provided to full-time employees
SR Section 5.2.4
401-2
 that are not provided to temporary or part-
Employment
time employees
Parental leave
 401-3
SR Section 5.2.1, 5.2.2.1, 5.2.4
Labor/Manage
Minimum notice periods regarding
SR Section 5.2.2
402-1
ment Relations
operational changes
Occupational
Worker's representation in formal joint
SR Section 5.2.5
Health and
403-1
management-worker health and safety
Safety
committees
Training and
Average hours of training per year per
404-1
None
Education
employee
Page 26

Sustainability Report
GRI Reference
Disclosure
Response
Programs for upgrading employee skills and
 404-2
None
transition assistance programs
 Percentage of employees receiving regular
None
404-3
performance and career development
reviews
Diversity and
Diversity of governance bodies and
SR Section 5.2.3
Equal
405-1
employees
Opportunity
Non-
Incidents of discrimination and corrective
No incident has been reported
discrimination
406-1
actions taken
Rights of
No incident has been reported
411-1
Incidents of violations involving rights of
Indigenous
indigenous peoples
Peoples
Employee training on human rights policies
SR Section 5.2.2.1, 5.2.6
412-2
or procedures
 Supplier Social
New suppliers that were screened using
414-1
SR Section 5.4.1, 5.4.2, 5.4.3,
Assessment
social criteria
6.5
Public Policy
Political contributions
415-1
No contribution
Assessment of the health and safety
SR Section 5.3.1, 5.3.3
 416-1
 impacts of product and service categories
Incidents of non-compliance concerning the
No incident has been reported
416-2
 health and safety impacts of products and
Customer
services
Health and
Incidents of non-compliance concerning
Safety
No incident has been reported
417-2
product and service information and
labelling
Incidents of non-compliance concerning
No incident has been reported
417-3
marketing communications
Substantiated complaints concerning
No complaint has been reported
Customer
418-1
Privacy
breaches of customer privacy and losses of
customer data
Socioeconomic
Non-compliance with laws and regulations
No non-compliance has been
419-1
Compliance
 in the social and economic area
reported
Page 27

