
 

 

 

 





HOSEN GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 


 

 

 

CONTENTS 

 

1 Board Statement  

 

 

 

 

 

  1 

2 Corporate Profile                          

 

 

 

  3 

3 Sustainability Approach  

 

 

 

 

  5 

4 Economic  

 

 

 

 

 

 

  8 

5 Environmental 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10 

6 Social 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

12 

7 Governance 

 

 

 

 

 

 

17 

8 GRI Standards Content Index 

 

 

 

 

18 

 


1 

 

1 BOARD STATEMENT 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

We are pleased to present the annual Sustainability Report of Hosen Group Ltd (“Hosen” or the 

“Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “Hosen Group”) for our financial year ended 31 

December 2020.  

 

Being one of Asia’s leading trader and distributor of fast-moving consumer goods (“FMCG”) and in 

particular, processed food and chocolate products, Hosen Group is vigilant to remain viable in the 

long-run. In addition to regular financial reports and updates on business developments, the 

Company understands that shareholders may be eager to know how the Group runs its business in a 

responsible and sustainable manner.  

 

Hosen Group views the Group’s sustainability of its business to be linked to, and is associated to its 

various stakeholders, which includes customers, suppliers, employees, bankers, investors, 

government, regulatory authorities and communities in locations that the Group’s operations are 

situated. With the support received from the different stakeholders, Hosen Group has been 

operating in the FMCG industry over the past 50 years (including operations under other names). 

Hosen Group went on its initial public offering and became a public listed company in September 

2004. 

 

Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its stakeholders. 

As such, the key material economic, environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) factors for the 

Group have been identified and cautiously reviewed by the management. The data and information 

provided have not been verified by an independent third party. We have relied on internal data 

monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy of data and information. The board of directors of the 

Company (the “Board”) having considered sustainability issues as part of its strategic direction and 

policies, has determined the material EESG factors and overseen the management and monitoring of 

these material EESG factors. 

 

REPORTING FRAMEWORK, PERIOD AND SCOPE 

This report is prepared in compliance with the requirements of Rules 711A and 711B of the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist 

Rules”), and with reference to Practice Note 7F: Sustainability Reporting Guide of the Catalist Rules 

and the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards, Core option. We have chosen GRI as the 

sustainability reporting framework as it is internationally recognised and is widely adopted, enabling 

us to achieve a comprehensive and comparable disclosure of environmental, social and governance 

performance. This report highlights the key EESG related initiatives carried throughout a 12-month 

period, from 1 January to 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”). 

 

The Company’s sustainability report summarises the expectation from various stakeholders, general 

business environment that the Group is operating in and what the Group has done in order to ensure 

the sustainability of the Group. 


2 

 

 

The information disclosed in this Sustainability Report, read together with the information in the 

Company’s annual report for FY2020 (“2020 Annual Report”), will provide the reader with a holistic 

view of the operations of our Group. We will strive to maintain and/or improve the standards of the 

various EESG factors reported where appropriate and practicable, in accordance with the business 

activities of the Group in the future. 

 

FEEDBACK 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables 

us to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and 

suggestions to https://www.hosengroup.com/contact.php. 

 

On behalf of the Board 

 

Lim Hai Cheok 

Chief Executive Officer 

 

 

28 May 2021 

 


3 

 

2 CORPORATE PROFILE 

 

Hosen Group was established in the 1970s and has since grown to become one of Asia’s leading 

importers, exporters and distributors of fast-moving consumer goods (“FMCG”), specialising in 

processed food. 

 

The Company adopted the name Hosen Group Ltd when it went public on the Singapore Stock 

Exchange in September 2004. 

 

Hosen Group, through its subsidiaries in Singapore, Malaysia and China, has developed over the past 

50 years an extensive and robust distribution network that spans across Asia, Europe, Middle East, 

Africa and the Oceanic countries. Today, Hosen’s house brands of products can be found in various 

continents of the world.  

 

Besides our strength in developing a distribution network, the Company has also honed its skills in 

brand management and product development.  

 

Our Brands are renowned for its premium quality products at affordable prices. HOSEN® brand, our 

key house brand, has won many accolades and bagged numerous awards over the years, including 

the Most Promising Brand Award and Superbrands Awards. The Company has also been awarded 

Singapore 1000 Company (Public Listed) for consecutive years. 

 

Our Hosen® brand carries a wide range of fruits, vegetables, condiments and beverages in various 

packaging such as can, bottle and pouch. The Fortune® brand carries an exquisite range of high-

quality canned seafood such as braised abalone and various types of shellfish. The Group also owns 

the Highway® Brand that carries canned meat and breakfast spreads. In 2013, LaDiva® brand was 

launched to cater to a growing demand for western product lines. The Sincero® and Calbuco® brands 

carry chocolate products with various contents packed in bottle, pouch and tin while Cocoa Grande® 

brand carries semi-finished and finished industrial chocolate products. 

 

Over the decades, the Company has built an extensive distribution network managed by an 

experienced team.  

 

Our Retail Team showcases our products in the supermarkets, warehouse clubs, online malls and 

convenience stores. Our direct presence at retail stores enable us to launch new products and gather 

first-hand consumer response within a short period of time. This is a critical domain for us in this 

FMCG industry to create and innovate new products.  

 

Our Food Service Divisions in Singapore, Malaysia and China service hotels, restaurants, airlines, clubs, 

caterers, cafes, ship-chandlers, bakeries and dessert chain stores. With the evolving changes in the 

businesses of these customer groups, we have, beyond product supplies and prompt services, 

engaged customers in the area of product development and other value-added services. 

 


4 

 

 

Our Export Division has, over the years, developed a good client base in our overseas network, 

spanning more than 40 countries, and gained a reputation of delivering high quality products and 

excellent services. The Company has leveraged on this strength and has also taken on the role of a 

service provider for procurement and logistic requirements for our established customers. 

 

In 2015, the Company established a Malaysia subsidiary in Senai, Johor being the first manufacturing 

arm of the Group, to develop, process, trade and distribute house brands and new chocolate 

products for both retail and industrial uses. 

 

The Group will continue to provide an efficient, innovative and cost-effective distribution network in 

the domestic and international markets to supply and distribute our house brands and other FMCG 

products thereby enhancing the value of the Group and its stakeholders.


5 

 

3 SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

 

OUR SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT  

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and material 

factors relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken 

into account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, amongst others, 

shareholders, employees, customers, suppliers and authorities. We adopt both formal and informal 

channels of communication such as face-to-face meetings and supplier visits to understand the needs 

of key stakeholders and incorporate these into our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial 

relationships. 

 

Stakeholders 

Areas of Concern 

Meeting their Concerns 

Our strategies on 

engagement 

Customers 

Premium quality 

products 

Competitive pricing 

Timely delivery 

 

Provide consistent level of quality of 

products 

Review our prices to stay competitive 

without compromising on the quality 

Maintain good and professional delivery 

team 

Business contacts 

Preferred selling price offered 

to customers with good 

payment records 

Virtual meetings and/or via 

various communication 

channels. 

Suppliers 

Fair trading terms 

Timely payment 

Reasonable demand 

on quality of materials 

and products 

Advice/Updates on 

health regulations and 

hygiene requirements 

by relevant laws  

Commit to the terms of the supply 

agreement 

Make timely payments according to 

agreed credit terms 

Business contacts 

Assess suppliers’ hygiene and 

health policies 

 Virtual meetings and/or via 

various communication 

channels. 

Plan and 

Scope

Engage 

Stakeholders

Assess 

Materiality

Collect 

Data

Report


6 

 

Stakeholders 

Areas of Concern 

Meeting their Concerns 

Our strategies on 

engagement 

Employees 

Competitive salary and 

benefits 

Career development 

and chance of 

promotion 

Job satisfaction 

Work-life balance 

Working environment 

and condition 

Occupational health 

and safety 

Fair employment 

policies 

Review and compare the prevailing 

salaries in the market 

Health and wellness benefits 

Spirit of teamwork  

Harmonious and cooperative working 

environment 

Open door policy 

Practice fair employment policy 

Cleanliness, tidiness and safety of 

workplace 

Employee benefit in the form 

of discounted prices for staff 

purchases 

Encourage direct 

communication with 

management team 

Provide on-the-job training 

Arrange staff to attend virtual 

workshops and seminars for 

upskill opportunities 

Bankers 

Timely repayment of 

loans and borrowings 

Utilisation of facilities 

Stable stream of 

earnings 

Healthy cash flow 

Establish and maintain a high standard of 

risk management and corporate 

governance 

Retain competent and experienced 

directors, officers and management team 

Furnish financial results on a regular 

basis or upon request  

Maintain strong financial positions and 

healthy cash flow 

Timely repayment of loans and 

instalments as scheduled 

Maintain good banking 

relationship with bankers 

Update the bankers on the 

latest development and 

financial needs of the Group 

 

 

Investors and 

shareholders 

Strong financial 

positions and healthy 

cash flow 

Sound corporate 

governance 

Succession planning 

Constant and stable 

growth of business 

Reasonable rate of 

return on investment 

Timely disclosures 

Establish and maintain high standard of 

risk management and corporate 

governance 

Review and re-assess existing 

investments 

Evaluate and appraise potential 

investment opportunities 

Retain competent and experienced 

directors, officers and management team 

Disclose financial results on a regular 

basis in accordance to the requirements 

of the listing rules 

Announce material information and 

provide updates in due course when 

appropriate 

Hold general meetings with 

shareholders to receive 

feedback and address their 

concerns and queries 

Make timely announcements 

pursuant to the listing rules 

Publish circulars and annual 

reports with management 

discussion and analysis on the 

SGXNet 

Comply with code of 

corporate governance 

Government 

and regulatory 

authorities 

Regulatory, legal and 

industrial 

requirements 

Succession planning 

Prevention of fraud 

and irregularities 

Timely tax payments 

Comply with both local and foreign laws, 

regulations, policies and procedures, 

where applicable 

Maintain sound risk management 

 

Consult the relevant 

authorities 

Consult professional firms and 

seek advice 

Engage internal and external 

auditors to conduct audits 


7 

 

Stakeholders 

Areas of Concern 

Meeting their Concerns 

Our strategies on 

engagement 

Responsive to changes 

in relevant 

government policies 

Being alert to and in 

the avoidance of 

money-laundering 

Community 

Fair employment 

policies towards aged 

citizens 

Good corporate 

citizenship 

Contributions to green-

house exercises 

Fair employment opportunity towards 

aged citizens 

Provision of jobs to the community 

Donations of cash and food 

products 

Sponsorship to and 

participation in activities of 

voluntary organisations 

Usage of energy-saving 

equipment and low-electricity 

consuming devices 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT  

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant factors. Relevant factors are then 

prioritised to identify material factors which are validated internally. The end result of this process is 

a list of material factors disclosed in the Sustainability Report. The aforementioned process are as 

shown below: 

 

We engaged our employees from different departments of Hosen Group to seek our internal 

stakeholders’ feedback on the prioritisation of these topics. A materiality review is conducted 

annually, incorporating inputs gathered from stakeholders’ engagements. 

 

In order to determine if a factor is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment, society and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying guidance from GRI, we have 

identified the following as our material factors for FY2020 which are the same as those determined 

last year as they are still relevant and current to the Group:  

IDENTIFICATION

PRIORITISATION

VALIDATION

REVIEW



GOVERNANCE 

 

Corporate Governance 

Internal Policies 



SOCIAL  

 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

Occupational Health and Safety 

Training and Education 

Local Communities 

Customer Health and Safety 

Socioeconomic Compliance 



ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

Energy 

Water 

Disposal and Waste Management 

 



ECONOMIC 

 

Economic Performance 

Anti-Corruption 

 

 










8 

 

4 ECONOMIC  

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

Hosen is committed to exceed our customers’ expectations and to enhance operational efficiency by 

incorporating cutting-edge technology, developing performance measures, communicating outcomes 

and results and implementing necessary changes to provide fast and high-quality services at low 

transactional costs.  

 

The Group recorded a higher revenue of S$71.52 million for the financial year ended 31 

December 2020 as compared to S$67.31 million for the financial year ended 31 December 

2019. 

 




9 

 

During the period of Circuit-Breaker in Singapore and the Movement Control Order in Malaysia, there 

were higher demand of our products arising from consumers stockpiling food products in the first half 

of FY2020. As a whole, our revenue from House Brands increased by S$3.59 million to S$54.86 million 

in FY2020 from S$51.27 million in FY2019 and the revenue from Non-House Brands increased by 

S$0.62 million to S$16.66 million in FY2020 from S$16.04 million in FY2019 as the Group prioritised 

on promoting more of our House Brands products than Non-House Brands products in order to 

capture a bigger market share for House Brands products in both local and overseas markets. 

 

The impact of COVID-19 pandemic on the Group’s financial performance for the financial year ended 

31 December 2020 are set out below: 

• 

Higher demand for products arising from consumers’ stockpiling of food products; 

• 

Sales to the food service sector dropped as fewer people dined out given the social restrictions 

and movement, especially during the period of Circuit-Breaker in Singapore and the Movement 

Control in Malaysia in which the major operating units of the Group are located; and 

• 

Some shipping schedules were delayed and hence the freight costs were adjusted. 

 

Arising from the higher demand of products, the Group had generated positive operating cash flows 

and made early full settlement of a term loan in respect of one of the properties in Malaysia.  

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our 2020 Annual Report: 

• 

Operations Review, pages 4 to 7; 

• 

Financial Highlights, page 8; 

• 

Financial Statements, pages 42 to 94. 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

The Group has zero tolerance on fraudulent and corrupt practices that may disrupt the business 

operations and impede the growth of the business due to loss of trust in Hosen that we have built 

over the years. We have established an anti-corruption policy and this was disseminated to our 

employees and business partners. We also have a whistle-blowing policy and procedures posted in 

our company website, https://www.hosengroup.com/pdf/whistle-blowing-final.pdf. 

 

We have achieved the target we set last year and similar with FY2019, there were no reported 

incidents of corruption during FY2020. We target to maintain zero incident of corruption in the 

financial year ending 31 December 2021 (“FY2021”).  

 

 


10 

 

5 ENVIRONMENTAL  

 

Hosen Group is committed to operate in a green environment, to minimize the impact of its operations 

to the environment, which also includes reducing the emission of harmful gas pollutants and 

particulate matter that contributes to global warming. 

 

ENERGY CONSUMPTION  

Our Singapore office had made the switch from the use of fluorescent tubes to Light Emitting Diode 

tubes and bulbs (in short, LED tubes and bulbs) for years. Despite the initial change-over costs, the 

Group had benefited from lower electricity consumption which in turn led to fewer natural resources 

consumed by power-generating provider with a lower demand in electricity production.  

 

The Group promotes the switching off of lights and air-conditioners in working areas and conference 

rooms if they are not occupied or in use; and to set the temperature of the air-conditioners to a 

comfortable level during working hours in order to save energy consumption and hence save the earth. 

 

Hosen Group has in recent years replaced a number of old-typed lorries and vans to Euro5-type and 

recently to Euro6-type lorries and vans in order to reduce the emission of gas pollutants and 

particulate matter which are harmful to both the environment and human being.  

 

The Group has also used Enterprise Resource System to plan the delivery schedules in order to reduce 

the hours of the delivery fleet running on the roads and the emission of pollutants. 

 

In FY2020, our total electricity consumption is 1,057,082kWh which is slightly higher than our 

consumption in FY2019 (FY2019: 1,024,561kWh). More electricity was consumed in FY2020 than in 

FY2019 due to more consumer chocolate products produced, which required more production phases, 

in our chocolate manufacturing plant in FY2020, as compared to one of the then customers who 

purchased industrial semi-finished chocolate product in FY2019.  

 

Hock Seng Food (M) Sdn Bhd (“HSM”), one of our subsidiaries in Malaysia, are in the midst of installing 

solar energy panels to supply cleaner energy for its office and warehouse uses and we expect that this 

would result in a reduction in electricity consumption. Save for the product mix to be produced in 

Hosen Chocolate Sdn Bhd which varies from year to year, the Group aims to reduce the overall 

electricity consumption in FY2021.  

 

 











Malaysia

65%

Singapore

35%



Total Electricity 



Consumption in 2019











Singapore,

32%

Malaysia,

68%



Total Electricity 



Consumption in 2020


11 

 

WATER CONSUMPTION  

Water is another important natural resource in the world. The Group conducts regular checks on 

water taps to ensure that there is no leakage of water and encourage staff to use less water and wisely.  

 

The Group’s total water consumption in FY2020 is 5,992 CuM/M3 (FY2019: 10,407 CuM/M3). The lower 

water consumption was due to completion of construction of our new building in Singapore in FY2020.  

We have achieved the target set last year and we aim to maintain the same level of water consumption 

as FY2020, in FY2021.  

 

 

 

 

DISPOSAL AND MANAGEMENT OF WASTE 

In FY2020, there was no (2019: Nil) incidence of non-compliance with the relevant laws and 

regulations that has resulted in significant fines or sanctions, including those relating to proper 

disposal of wastewater. As such, we have achieved the target we set last year. We have also 

implemented environmental compliance and these initiatives are: disposal by appointed vendor 

approved by NEA agencies, packaging and paper wastage collected by recycle/wastage vendor, carton 

and plastic wastage collected by recycle/wastage vendor and wastage managed by warehouse and 

office management. We endeavor to maintain this track record in FY2021. 

 

 

 











Singapore, 39%

Malaysia, 61%



Total Water 



Consumption in 2019











Singapore, 47%

Malaysia, 53%



Total Water 



Consumption in 2020


12 

 











Female,

49%

Male,

51%



Gender Breakdown 



FY2020



































Singapore, 

31%

Malaysia, 

58%

China, 3%

Bangladesh, 

1%

Myanmar, 1%

Nepal, 6%



Nationality 



Breakdown FY2020

6 SOCIAL 

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

The Group offers fair job opportunities to aged staff as we value senior citizens who can value-add to 

the Group with their marketing and/or management expertise and experience in the industry. When 

the Group recruits staff, we consider the candidates’ educational level, work experience, attitude and 

merit, regardless of age, race, religion and gender, for comprehensiveness. We implement equal 

opportunity employment policies and therefore we have staff from Singapore, Bangladesh, Nepal, 

Myanmar, Malaysia and China. The Group has a total of 156 employees as of 31 December 2020 

(FY2019: 149) and the distribution of their gender and age are illustrated below: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We have achieved the target we set last year as there were no (FY2019: Nil) cases of discrimination 

reported in FY2020. We target to hire employees based on experiences and qualifications and make 

reference to the prevailing market remuneration for the same or similar position in the job market in 

FY2021. We will also ensure that there is no age and gender discrimination in the hiring process. For 











Male, 

49%

Female, 

51%



Gender Breakdown 



FY2019







24%

43%

33%

0

20

40

60

80

&lt; 30 years

30 - 50 years

&gt; 50 years



Employee Age 



Distribution FY2019







21%

45%

34%

0

20

40

60

80

&lt; 30 years

30 - 50 years

&gt; 50 years



Employee Age 



Distribution FY2020



































Singapore, 30%

Malaysia, 63%

China, 5%

Myanmar, 2%



Nationality 



Breakdown FY2019


13 

 

certain positions that required physically fit employees, a pre-employment medical checkup shall be 

arranged for them to determine suitability. 

 

Employee Welfare 

From time to time, the Group will organise activities to foster ties amongst the employees. However, 

due to the pandemic, the Group complied with and followed the guidelines from the relevant 

authorities, and hence, we did not organize any activity for FY2020. Employees are given discounted 

price for staff purchases. 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY  

Hosen Group also aims to create safe working conditions for its employees. Forklift operators are sent 

for training and certified by accredited Forklift Training Provider. The courses include, among others, 

Forklift Safety Course and Operate Forklift Course. Only staff that have valid forklift license are allowed 

to drive forklifts and reach trucks. When staff are in the Warehouse Department, they are advised to 

watch out for forklift traffic. 

 

Some of our existing preventive measures are as follows:  

1. All forklift, stacker, hand jack operator are briefed on the operation during first day at work;  

2. Prior to operating any machine, as part of the safe work procedure, the operator have to carry out 

pre-operation check/inspection to ensure that the machine to be used is in good condition; 

3. Only warehouse staff who are trained are allowed to drive forklift; 

4. All warehouse staff must wear safety shoes during working hours; 

5. Company provides Group Personal Accident insurance for all confirmed staff; 

6. Health and Safety policies are displayed at the factory’s premises; 

7. Regular checking on fire alarm system; 

8. Monthly Pest control; 

9. Due to Covid-19, company provided face mask and sanitizer;  

10. Temperature-taking before entering the premises; and 

11. Covid-19 test for foreign worker and when necessary, for the rest of the staff. 

 

In case of emergencies and incidents, the Group also has an incident reporting process as follows: 

1. Gathering of information pertaining to the accident (i.e., interview with eye-witness, taking photo 

for evidence); 

2. Identify the causes of the accident; 

3. Investigate the findings in a written report; and 

4. Develop a correction plan to prevent the accident from occurring again. 

 

We are pleased to confirm that zero (FY2019: Nil) fatal accidents were reported in FY2020. We target 

to have zero instance of work-related injury in FY2021 which we have achieved in FY2020. 

 


14 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

During the pandemic period in FY2020, the Group continued to let its employees keep themselves 

updated with general and/or job-related knowledge via webinar or online programmes if face-to-face 

courses were not possible. 

 

Our chocolate manufacturing workers attend food handling training courses so that they are equipped 

with the necessary knowledge on proper food handling procedures in the process of food 

manufacturing. 

 

In FY2020, 139 employees have attended 298 hours of training (FY2019: 138 employees attended 293 

hours of trainings), such as: 

 

Location 

Training 

hours 

Number of 

employees 

trained 

Training programmes included 

 (but not limited to) 

Singapore 

181 

106 

1. 

Enhancing Safe Management Systems in Workplace 

2. 

Update on GST: Import &amp; Export 

3. 

NAV user training for migration to the latest version 

4. 

Singapore Budget 2020 Updates 

5. 

The Future of Company Boards 

6. 

Audit Committee Seminar 2020 

7. 

Cyber Security and Data Protection First Aid Kit 

8. 

Economy 2020 - Navigating the tough world 

9. 

Financial Health Checkup of a Company 

10. How should you react to the global lock down caused by 

COVID-19? 

11. Building resilience in your global trade operations 

12. Legal considerations to adopt e-signature in the isolation 

economy: Are electronic and digital signatures good 

enough? 

13. A 360 Approach to an Effective Digital Transformation for 

the Office of CFO 

14. Transitioning from IBOR to Risk Free Rates, how ready are 

you? 

15. Fortitude Budget 2020 

16. China Macro and Policy Outlook 

17. Digital skills for accounting professionals 

18. Cyber threats during the pandemic 

19. Round after round: what’s next for US-China trade 

relations? 

20. US-China Trade War - Truce or trouble ahead 

21. Why is sustainability a critical strategy for SMEs? 

22. Best Practices to Reduce Credit Risk and Improve Cashflow 

23. ESG in the Spotlight 

24. WFH will change the Future of Work - a WSG's Employers 

Connect in collaboration with Human Resource and 

Finance Community 

Malaysia 

117 

33 

1. 

Training for new worker registration 

2. 

Food handler course training 

3. 

Facebook marketing &amp; consultation training 

4. 

FSSC 22000 VERSION 5.1 -Awareness Training (Food 

safety) 

Total 

298 

139 

 


15 

 

We have met the targets set last year to provide the level of training hours to our employees in 

FY2020. 

 

In view of the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic, the number of employees being trained and number of 

training hours in FY2021 will much depend on the availability and suitability of training programs, 

especially for those which are job-related.  

 

LOCAL COMMUNITIES 

Hosen Group has been active in its contribution towards the local communities. Over the years, the 

Group has sponsored and donated to various charitable organisations and universities.  

 

We have achieved our target set last year which is to support the local society and charity activities. 

In FY2020, especially during this pandemic period, HSM donated foods to an old folks’ home and a 

local temple. Hock Seng Food Pte Ltd (“HSF”) donated foods to communities event/charity such as Tzu 

Chi Foundation (Singapore), Lions Clubs of Singapore Paterson, Cheng Hong Welfare Service Society, 

The Stranded Malaysian Workers in Singapore, Willing Hearts (Soup Kitchen), WCH Dormitory, 

Transient Workers Count Too and Tap Express.  

 

We aim to continue to support the local society and charity activities in FY2021. 

 

CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY 

Quality Control of Products 

Hosen Group, being one of Asia’s leading FMCG trader and distributor, specialises in processed food. 

We strive to meet both our customers’ quality requirements and food safety and hygiene standards 

on our products.  

 

We rely on supplier's Quality Assurance (QA) and Quality Control (QC) but we will randomly pick some 

samples from different batch shipment for quality check. We have both Health certificate and 

Certificate of Analysis from our suppliers and relevant authorities for our products which have gone 

through quality control.  

 

We require our suppliers and our own factory to implement tight controls on food safety and hygiene 

by installing metal detectors and implementing on-line quality control check on every manufacturing 

process. We have obtained from Singapore Food Agency, in short, “SFA” (formerly known as Agri-Food 

&amp; Veterinary Authority of Singapore or “AVA”) the import and export permits for our fish and meat 

products, various health certificates, free sale certificates and other food certificates in order to 

ensure the supply of safe foods to customers both local and worldwide. 

 

Our own chocolate factory strictly conforms to the following seven principles and standards in Hazard 

Analysis and Critical Control Point (commonly known as “HACCP”), an internationally recognised 

system to reduce the risk of safety hazards in food:  

Principle 1 - Conduct a Hazard Analysis     

Principle 2 - Identify the Critical Control Points 

Principle 3 - Establish Critical Limits 


16 

 

Principle 4 - Monitor CCP 

Principle 5 - Establish Corrective Action 

Principle 6 - Verification 

Principle 7 - Recordkeeping  

 

The chocolate factory also obtained HALAL certification, with which our chocolate products can be 

sold to Muslim consumers. We have met the target we set last year and obtained the certificate of 

FSSC 22000 V5 Food Manufacturing &amp; MS1480:2019. We target to maintain the certificates on hand 

in FY2021.  

 

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE  

We pride ourselves in having good corporate governance and observing compliance with applicable 

laws and regulations. The Group is committed to conduct the business with integrity and to safeguard 

the interest of all our stakeholders, both internal and external. We have achieved the target we set 

last year as there was no (FY2019: Nil) non-compliance to the applicable laws and regulations reported 

in FY2020.  

 

The Group complies with and puts in every effort in complying with the relevant laws and regulations 

that include the Companies Act, Employment Act, Employment of Foreign Manpower Act, SGX listing 

rules, Singapore Code on Take-overs and Mergers, ACRA regulations, Financial Reporting Standards 

and Singapore Standard on the Code of Practice for Pollution Control, amongst others. 

 

We are vigilant in the prevention of money-laundering and in the prevention of providing assistance 

to other parties in the conduct of money-laundering and/or other wrongful acts. 

 

We aim to maintain zero incidence of non-compliance to the applicable laws and regulations in 

FY2021. 


17 

 

7 GOVERNANCE 

 

Hosen Group is a responsible entity and we comply with the laws and regulations of the countries that 

we are operating in, as well as the customs and health policies of those countries where our customers 

are located. 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The Board and the Management of Hosen Group are committed to the best practices in corporate 

governance to ensure sustainability of the Group’s operations. We believe that our constant drive for 

excellence in corporate governance will allow us to establish a more transparent, accountable and 

equitable system, thereby increasing the value of the Company and its value to our shareholders. 

Please refer to the 2020 Annual Report, pages 13 to 34 for the Group’s Corporate Governance Report. 

 

In FY2020, we have achieved the target we set last year as we are in compliance with the Catalist Rules 

and to the best extent possible, with the principles, provisions and practices set out in the Code of 

Corporate Governance 2018 and we aim to continue this track record in FY2021. 

 

INTERNAL POLICIES 

Hosen Group implements a tight credit control policy. Customers’ ordering trends and payment 

records are reviewed regularly to minimise credit risk. Delay in payments is identified and followed-

up with the customers promptly. The Group may decline the acceptance of purchase orders from 

customers if there had been records of payment after the credit terms granted. Preferred selling price 

may be offered to customers who have good payment records over the years.  

 


18 

 

8 GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

Hosen Group Limited 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

Corporate Profile, pages 3 to 4 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Singapore 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Corporate Profile, pages 3 to 4 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

AR pages 11, 47, 95, 96 

102-6 

Markets served 

Corporate Profile, pages 3 to 4 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Corporate Profile, pages 3 to 4,  

Social, page 12 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Social, pages 12 to 13 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Corporate Profile, pages 3 to 4 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

None 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Hosen supports the intent of Precautionary 

Principle, but has not express a specific 

commitment. 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Social, page 15 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

None 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

Board Statement, pages 1 to 2 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of behavior 

Governance, page 17 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Governance, page 17 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholders Engagement, pages 5 to 7  

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Stakeholders Engagement, pages 5 to 7  

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholders Engagement, pages 5 to 7 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholders Engagement, pages 5 to 7  

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

AR page 11 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Board Statement, pages 1 to 2 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Materiality Assessment, page 7  

102-48 

Restatement of information 

None 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Board Statement, page 1  

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

27 May 2020 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the report 

Board Statement, page 2 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

Board Statement, pages 1 to 2 

102-55 

GRI content index 

GRI Standards Content Index, SR pages 18 to 19 

102-56 

External Assurance 

We may seek external assurance in the future. 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: Economic 

Performance 2016 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Economic, pages 8 to 9 

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 

2016 

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and 

procedures 

Economic, page 9 

GRI 302: Energy 2016 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organization 

Environment, page 10 

GRI 303: Water 2016 

303-3 

Water recycled and used 

Environment, page 11 

GRI 306: Effluents and 

Waste 2016 

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal method 

Environment, page 11 

GRI 403: Occupational 

Health and Safety 2018 

403-1 

403-5 

Occupational health and safety management system 

Worker training on occupational health and safety 

Social, page 13 

GRI 404: Training and 

Education 2016 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employee 

Social, pages 14 to 15 


19 

 

8 GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 405: Diversity and 

equal opportunity 2016 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

Social, pages 12 to 13 

GRI 413: Local 

Communities 2016 

413-1 

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programs 

Social, page 15 

GRI 416: Customer Health 

and Safety 2016 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health 

and safety impacts of products and services 

Social, pages 15 to 16 

GRI 419: Socioeconomic 

Compliance 2016 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and 

economic area 

Social, page 16 

 

