
 

 



 

 

 



Sustainability Report 2019 


 

 

CONTENTS 

 

1 Board Statement  

 

 

 

 

 

  1 

2 Organisational Profile 

 

 

 

 

 

  3 

3 Sustainability Approach  

 

 

 

 

  5 

4 Economic  

 

 

 

 

 

 

  9 

5 Environmental 

 

 

 

 

 

 

11 

6 Social 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

13 

7 Governance 

 

 

 

 

 

 

18 

8 GRI Standards Content Index 

 

 

 

 

19 

 


1 

 

1 BOARD STATEMENT 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

We are pleased to present the annual Sustainability Report of Hosen Group Ltd (“Hosen” or the 

“Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “Hosen Group”) for our financial year ended 31 

December 2019.  

 

Being one of Asia’s leading trader and distributor of fast-moving consumer goods (“FMCG”) and in 

particular, processed food and chocolate products, Hosen Group is vigilant to remain viable in the 

long-run. In addition to regular financial reports and updates on business developments, the 

Company understands that shareholders may be eager to know how the Group runs its business in a 

responsible and sustainable manner.  

 

Hosen Group views the Group’s sustainability of its business to be linked to, and is associated to its 

various stakeholders, which includes customers, suppliers, employees, bankers, investors, 

government, regulatory authorities and communities in locations that the Group’s operations are 

situated. With the support received from the different stakeholders, Hosen Group was able to 

continue its operations in the FMCG industry for more than 40 years (including operations under 

other names). Hosen Group went on its initial public offering and became a public listed company in 

September 2004. 

 

Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its stakeholders. 

As such, the key material economic, environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) factors for the 

Group have been identified and cautiously reviewed by the management. The data and information 

provided have not been verified by an independent third party. We have relied on internal data 

monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy of data and information. The board of directors of the 

Company (the “Board”) having considered sustainability issues as part of its strategic direction and 

policies, has determined the material EESG factors and overseen the management and monitoring of 

these material EESG factors. 

 

REPORTING FRAMEWORK, PERIOD AND SCOPE 

This report is prepared in compliance with the requirements of Rules 711A and 711B of the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist 

Rules”), and references the phased approach as described in Practice Note 7F: Sustainability 

Reporting Guide of the Catalist Rules and the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards, Core 

option. We have chosen GRI as the sustainability reporting framework as it is internationally 

recognised and is widely adopted, enabling us to achieve a comprehensive and comparable 

disclosure of environmental, social and governance performance. This report highlights the key EESG 

related initiatives carried throughout a 12-month period, from 1 January to 31 December 2019 

(“FY2019”). 

 

The Company’s sustainability report summarises the expectation from various stakeholders, general 

business environment that the Group is operating in and what the Group has done in order to ensure 


2 

 

the sustainability of the Group. 

 

The information disclosed in this Sustainability Report, read together with the information in the 

Company’s annual report for FY2019 (“2019 Annual Report”), will provide the reader with a holistic 

view of the operations of our Group. We will strive to maintain and/or improve the standards of the 

various EESG factors reported where appropriate and practicable, in accordance with the business 

activities of the Group in the future. 

 

FEEDBACK 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables 

us to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and 

suggestions to https://www.hosengroup.com/contact.php. 

 

On behalf of the Board 

 

Lim Hai Cheok 

Chief Executive Officer 

 

 

27 May 2020 

 


3 

 

2 ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

Hosen Group was established in the 1970s and has since grown to become one of Asia’s leading 

importers, exporters and distributors of fast moving consumer goods (FMCG), specialising in 

processed food. 

 

The Company adopted the name Hosen Group Ltd when it went public on the Singapore Stock 

Exchange in September 2004. 

 

Hosen Group, through its subsidiaries in Singapore, Malaysia and China, has developed over the past 

50 years an extensive and robust distribution network that spans across Asia, Europe, Middle East, 

Africa and the Oceanic countries. Today, Hosen’s house brands of products can be found in various 

continents of the world.  

 

Besides our strength in developing distribution network, the Company has also honed its skills in 

brand management and product development.  

 

Our Brands are renowned for its premium quality products at affordable prices. HOSEN® brand, our 

key house brand, has won many accolades and bagged numerous awards over the years, including 

the Most Promising Brand Award and Superbrands Awards. The Company has also been awarded 

Singapore 1000 Company (Public Listed) for consecutive years. 

 

Our Hosen® brand carries a wide range of fruits, vegetables, condiments and beverages in various 

packaging such as can, bottle and pouch. The Fortune® brand carries an exquisite range of high-

quality canned seafood such as braised abalone and various types of shellfish. The Group also owns 

the Highway® Brand that carries canned meat and breakfast spreads. In 2013, LaDiva® brand was 

launched to cater to a growing demand for western product lines. The Sincero® brand carries 

chocolate products with various contents packed in bottle, pouch and tin.  

 

Over the decades, the Company has built an extensive distribution network managed by an 

experienced team.  

 

Our Retail Team showcases our products in the supermarkets, warehouse clubs, online malls and 

convenience stores. Our direct presence at retail stores enable us to launch new products and gather 

first-hand consumer response within a short period of time. This is a critical domain for us in this 

FMCG industry to create and innovate new products.  

 

Our Food Service Divisions in Singapore, Malaysia and China service hotels, restaurants, airlines, clubs, 

caterers, cafes, ship-chandlers, bakeries and dessert chain stores. With the evolving changes in the 

businesses of these customer groups, we have, beyond product supplies and prompt services, 

engaged customers in the area of product development and other value added services. 

 

Our Export Division has, over the years, developed a good client base in our overseas network, 


4 

 

spanning more than 40 countries, and gained a reputation of delivering high quality products and 

excellent services. The Company has leveraged on this strength and has also taken on the role of a 

service provider for procurement and logistic requirements for our established customers. 

 

In 2015, the Company established a Malaysia subsidiary in Senai, being the first manufacturing arm 

of the Group, to develop, process, trade and distribute house brand and new chocolate products for 

both retail and industrial uses. 

 

The Group will continue to provide an efficient, innovative and cost-effective distribution network in 

the domestic and international markets to supply and distribute our house brands and other FMCG 

products thereby enhancing the value of the Group and its stakeholders.


5 

 

3 SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

 

OUR SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT  

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and material 

factors relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken 

into account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, amongst others, 

shareholders, employees, customers, supplies and authorities. We adopt both formal and informal 

channels of communication such as face-to-face meetings and supplier visits to understand the needs 

of key stakeholders and incorporate these into our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial 

relationships. 

 

Stakeholders 

Areas of Concern 

Meeting their Concerns 

Our strategies on 

engagement 

Customers 

Premium quality 

products 

Competitive pricing 

Timely delivery 

 

Provide consistent level of quality of 

products 

Review our prices to stay 

competitive without compromising 

on the quality 

Maintain good and professional 

delivery team 

Business contacts 

Visit customers’ places of 

operation 

Preferred selling price 

offered to customers with 

good payment records 

Face-to-face meetings 

and/or via various 

communication channels 

Suppliers 

Fair trading terms 

Timely payment 

Reasonable demand 

on quality of 

materials and 

products 

Commit to the terms of the supply 

agreement 

Make timely payments according to 

agreed credit terms 

Business contacts 

Visit suppliers’ factories 

and production plants 

Assess suppliers’ hygiene 

and health policies 

Plan and 

Scope

Engage 

Stakeholders

Assess 

Materiality

Collect 

Data

Report


6 

 

Stakeholders 

Areas of Concern 

Meeting their Concerns 

Our strategies on 

engagement 

Advice/Updates on 

health regulations 

and hygiene 

requirements by 

relevant laws  

Face-to-face meetings 

and/or via various 

communication channels 

Employees 

Competitive salary 

and benefits 

Career development 

and chance of 

promotion 

Job satisfaction 

Work-life balance 

Working 

environment and 

condition 

Occupational health 

and safety 

Fair employment 

policies 

 

Review and compare the prevailing 

salaries in the market 

Health and wellness benefits 

Spirit of teamwork  

Harmonious and cooperative 

working environment 

Open door policy 

Practice fair employment policy 

Cleanliness, tidiness and safety of 

workplace 

Arrange festival events and 

activities 

Employee benefit in the 

form of discounted prices 

for staff purchases 

Encourage face-to-face 

communications with 

management team 

Provide on-the-job training 

Arrange staff to attend 

workshops and seminars 

for upskill opportunities 

Bankers 

Timely repayment of 

loans and 

borrowings 

Utilisation of 

facilities 

Stable stream of 

earnings 

Healthy cash flow 

Establish and maintain a high 

standard of risk management and 

corporate governance 

Retain competent and experienced 

directors, officers and management 

team 

Furnish financial results on a regular 

basis or upon request  

Maintain strong financial positions 

and healthy cash flow 

Timely repayment of loans and 

instalments as scheduled 

Maintain good banking 

relationship with bankers 

Update the bankers on the 

latest development and 

financial needs of the 

Group 

 

 

Investors and 

shareholders 

Strong financial 

positions and 

healthy cash flow 

Sound corporate 

governance 

Succession planning 

Constant and stable 

growth of business 

Reasonable rate of 

return on 

investment 

Timely disclosures 

Establish and maintain high standard 

of risk management and corporate 

governance 

Review and re-assess existing 

investments 

Evaluate and appraise potential 

investment opportunities 

Retain competent and experienced 

directors, officers and management 

team 

Disclose financial results on a regular 

basis in accordance to the 

requirements of the listing rules 

Hold general meetings with 

shareholders to receive 

feedback and address their 

concerns and queries 

Make timely 

announcements pursuant 

to the listing rules 

Distribute annual reports 

with management 

discussion and analysis 

Comply with code of 

corporate governance 


7 

 

Stakeholders 

Areas of Concern 

Meeting their Concerns 

Our strategies on 

engagement 

Announce material information and  

provide updates in due course when 

appropriate 

Government 

and 

regulatory 

authorities 

Regulatory, legal and 

industrial 

requirements 

Succession planning 

Prevention of fraud 

and irregularities 

Timely tax payments 

Responsive to 

changes in relevant 

government policies 

Being alert to and in 

the avoidance of 

money-laundering 

Comply with both local and foreign 

laws, regulations, policies and 

procedures, where applicable 

Maintain sound risk management 

 

Consult the relevant 

authorities 

Consult professional firms 

and seek advice 

Engage internal and 

external auditors to 

conduct audits 

Community 

Fair employment 

policies towards 

aged citizens 

Good corporate 

citizenship 

Contributions to 

green-house 

exercises 

 

Fair employment opportunity 

towards aged citizens 

Provision of jobs to the community 

Donations of cash and food 

products 

Sponsorship to and 

participation in activities of 

voluntary organisations 

Usage of energy-saving 

equipment and low-

electricity consuming 

devices 

 

 


8 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT  

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant factors. Relevant factors are then 

prioritised to identify material factors which are validated internally. The end result of this process is 

a list of material factors disclosed in the Sustainability Report. Process of which are as shown below: 

 

 

We engaged our employees from different departments to seek our internal stakeholders’ feedback 

on the prioritisation of these topics. A materiality review is conducted annually, incorporating inputs 

gathered from stakeholders’ engagements. 

 

In order to determine if a factor is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment, society and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying guidance from GRI, we have 

identified the following as our material factors:  

IDENTIFICATION

PRIORITISATION

VALIDATION

REVIEW



GOVERNANCE 

 

Corporate Governance 

Internal Policies 



SOCIAL  

 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

Occupational Health and Safety 

Training and Education 

Local Communities 

Customer Health and Safety 

Socioeconomic Compliance 



ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

Energy 

Water 

 



ECONOMIC 

 

Economic Performance 

Anti-Corruption 

 










9 

 







4 ECONOMIC  

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

Hosen is committed to exceed our customers’ expectations and to enhance operational efficiency by 

incorporating cutting-edge technology, developing performance measures, communicating outcomes 

and results and implementing necessary changes to provide fast and high-quality services at low 

transactional costs.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our 2019 Annual Report: 

 

Operations Review, pages 4 to 7; 

 

Financial Highlights, page 8; and 

 

Financial Statements, pages 50 to 121. 





NON-HOUSE 

BRAND

24%

HOUSE 

BRAND

76%



2019





NON-HOUSE 

BRAND

26%

HOUSE 

BRAND

74%



2018





SINGAPORE

47%

MALAYSIA

27%

OTHERS

26%



2019





SINGAPORE

44%

MALAYSIA

25%

OTHERS

31%



2018





FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 


10 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

The Group has zero tolerance on fraudulent and corrupt practices that may disrupt the business 

operations and impede the growth of the business due to loss of trust in Hosen that we have built 

over the years. We have established an anti-corruption policy and this was disseminated to our 

employees and business partners. We also have a whistle-blowing policy and procedures posted in 

our company website, https://www.hosengroup.com/pdf/whistle-blowing-final.pdf. Similar with 

FY2018, there were no reported incidents of corruption during FY2019. We target to maintain zero 

incident of corruption in the financial year ending 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”).  

 

 


11 

 

5 ENVIRONMENTAL  

 

Hosen Group is committed to operate in a green environment, to minimize the impact of its operations 

to the environment, which also includes reducing the emission of harmful gas pollutants and 

particulate matter that contributes to global warming. 

 

ENERGY CONSUMPTION  

Our Singapore office had made the switch from the use of fluorescent tubes to Light Emitting Diode 

tubes and bulbs (in short, LED tubes and bulbs) for years. Despite the initial change-over costs, the 

Group had benefited from lower electricity consumption which in turn led to fewer natural resources 

consumed by power-generating provider with a lower demand in electricity production.  

 

The Group promotes the switching off of lights and air-conditioners in working areas and conference 

rooms if they are not occupied or in use; and to set the temperature of the air-conditioners to a 

comfortable level during working hours in order to save energy consumption and hence save the earth. 

 

Hosen Group has in recent years replaced a number of old-typed lorries and vans to Euro5-type and 

recently to Euro6-type lorries and vans in order to reduce the emission of gas pollutants and 

particulate matter which are harmful to both the environment and human being.  

 

The Group has also used Enterprise Resource System to plan the delivery schedules in order to reduce 

the hours of the delivery fleet running on the roads and the emission of pollutants. 

 

In FY2019, our total electricity consumption is 1,024,561 kWh (FY2018: 985,600 kWh). The increase in 

our energy consumption was mainly due to the construction of our new six-storey building in 

Singapore. We aim to decrease our energy consumption in FY2020.  

 

 

 





Malaysia

65%

Singapore

35%



Total Electricity 

Consumption in 2019





Malaysia

69%

Singapore

31%



Total Electricity 

Consumption in 2018


12 

 

WATER CONSUMPTION  

Water is another important natural resource in the world, the Group conducts regular checks on water 

taps to ensure that there is no leakage of water and encourage staff to use water less and wisely.  

 

The Group’s total water consumption in FY2019 is 10,407 CuM/M3 (FY2018: 5,000 CuM/M3). Similar 

to our increase in energy consumption, our water consumption increased due to the construction in 

FY2019. We aim to decrease our water consumption in FY2020.  

 

 

 

 

DISPOSAL AND MANAGEMENT OF WASTE 

In FY2019, there was no incidence of non-compliance (2018: Nil) with the relevant laws and 

regulations that has resulted in significant fines or sanctions, including those relating to proper 

disposal of wastewater. We have implemented environmental compliance. These initiatives are: 

disposal by appointed vendor by NEA agencies, packaging and paper wastage collected by 

recycle/wastage vendor, carton and plastic wastage collected by recycle/wastage vendor and wastage 

managed by warehouse and office management. We endeavor to maintain this track record in FY2020. 

 

 

 





Malaysia

39%

Singapore

61%



Total Water 

Consumption in 2019





Malaysia

64%

Singapore

36%



Total Water 

Consumption in 2018


13 

 

6 SOCIAL 

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

The Group offers fair job opportunities to aged staff as we value senior citizens who can value-add to 

the Group with their marketing and/or management expertise and experience in the industry. When 

the Group recruits staff, we consider the candidates’ educational level, work experience, attitude and 

merit, regardless of age, race, religion and gender, for comprehensiveness. We implement equal 

opportunity employment policies and therefore we have staff from Singapore, Philippines, India, 

Myanmar, Malaysia and China. The Group has a total of 149 employees as of 31 December 2019 

(FY2018: 147) and the distribution of their gender and age are illustrated below: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

There were no cases of discrimination reported in FY2019 (FY2018: Nil). We target to hire employees 

based on experiences and qualifications and make reference to the prevailing remuneration for the 

same or similar position in the job market. We will also ensure that there is no age and gender 

discrimination in the hiring process. For certain positions that required physically fit employees, a pre-

employment medical checkup shall be arranged for them to determine suitability. 

 

 





Male, 

49%

Female, 

51%



Gender Breakdown 

FY2019





Male, 

41%

Female, 

59%



Gender Breakdown 

FY2018





24%

43%

33%

0

20

40

60

80

&lt; 30 years

30 - 50 years

&gt; 50 years



Employee Age 

Distribution FY2019





23%

47%

30%

0

20

40

60

80

&lt; 30 years

30 - 50 years

&gt; 50 years



Employee Age 

Distribution FY2018


14 

 

 

Employee Welfare 

From time to time, the Group will organise activities to foster ties amongst the employees. Such 

activities include the Chinese New Year reunion dinner, company overseas trip, and Christmas party 

with food catering, gift-exchange and lucky draw. Employees are given fair remuneration scheme, 

discounted price for staff purchases and opportunities for career advancement and career 

enrichment. In order to provide a healthy and harmonious working environment, Hosen Group 

adopts open-door policy so that employees can feel free to approach their seniors or management 

staff. 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY  

Hosen Group also aims to create a safe working conditions for its employees. Forklift operators are 

sent for training and certified by accredited Forklift Training Provider. The courses include, among 

others, Forklift Safety Course and Operate Forklift Course. Only staff that have valid forklift license are 

allowed to drive forklift and reach truck. When staff are in the Warehouse Department, they are 

advised to watch out for forklift traffic. 

 

Some of our existing preventive measures are as follows:  

1. All forklift, stacker, hand jack operator are briefed on the operation during first day at work;  

2. Prior to operating any machine, as part of the safe work procedure, the operator have to carry out 

pre-operation check/inspection to ensure that the machine to be used is in good condition; 

3. Only warehouse staff who are trained are allowed to drive forklift; 

4. All warehouse staff must wear safety shoes during working hours; 

5. Company provides Group Personal Accident insurance for staff; 

6. Health and Safety policies are displayed at the factory’s premises; and 

7. Regular checking on fire alarm system. 

 

We are pleased to confirm that zero fatal accidents were reported in FY2019 as targeted (FY2018: zero 

fatal accidents). We target to have zero instance of work-related injury in FY2020. 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

The Group also sends its employees to advanced courses in Excel and/or other relevant seminars to 

increase the efficiency and effectiveness of their daily responsibilities.  

 

Our chocolate manufacturing workers attend food handling training courses so that they are equipped 

with the necessary knowledge on proper food handling procedures in the process of food 

manufacturing. 

 


15 

 

In FY2019, we have recorded 293 hours of trainings provided to 138 employees (FY2018: 73 hours of 

trainings provided to 76 employees), such as: 

 

Location 

Training 

hours 

Number of 

employees 

trained 

Training programmes 

Singapore 

237 

79 

 

1. Sustainability report - awareness session; 

2. Economy 2019 – global trade war and financial crisis; 

3. Updates on FRS 109, 115 and 116; 

4. Personal investments – equities; 

5. Singapore Budget 2019; 

6. Accounting for cryptocurrencies/ICOs; 

7. Treasury operations – currencies and trends; 

8. Omnibus Insolvency Act; 

9. Know Your Rights: Employment Act and Constructive 

Dismissals; 

10. Product photography for social media; 

11. Biz internet traction in OCBC; 

12. Payment Bureau Singapore; 

13. Overseas market in Nigeria – investment promotion 

consumer goods; 

14. Avoiding Potholes in Listed Companies; 

15. Performance Appraisal – harnessing the best from 

you staff; 

16. Money Moves: Anti-money laundering and know-

your-client; 

17. Global Ethics Days 2019: The ethics of the climate 

emergency – what role does the profession play; 

18. Jet reports training; 

19. Professional ethics and privacy in the digital era; 

20. Singapore Board of Directors Survey 2019; 

21. Mobile handheld year end stock take; and 

22. Managing a cyber-crisis. 

Malaysia 

56 

59 

1. On job training on products;  

2. 2020 Malaysia Budget seminar; 

3. FSSC 22000 awareness training (Food Safety); 

4. FSSC 22000 Version 5 – internal audit course (Food 

Safety); 

5. Food handler course training; and 

6. Enhance business network and personnel character. 

Total 

293 

138 

 

 


16 

 

We aim to provide the level of training hours to our employees in FY2020 as follows:  

 

To send all forklift operators to attend 3 days Singapore Workforce Skills Qualification operate 

forklift course. 

 

To continue to provide training to staff on the business nature and products. Finance staff will 

continue to take budget seminar each year. 

 

LOCAL COMMUNITIES 

Hosen Group has been active in its contribution towards the local communities. Over the years, the 

Group has sponsored and donated to various charitable organisations and universities.  

 

Similar to the past years, we have supported charities. In FY2019, Hock Seng Food (M) Sdn Bhd 

donated foods to an old folks’ home and a local temple. Hock Seng Food donated foods to 

communities event/charity such as Tian Zhu Lin Gong, Lions Clubs of Singapore Paterson, Sian Chay 

Medical Institution and FIG Sponsorship.  

 

We aim to continue to support the local society and charity activities in FY2020. 

 

CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY 

Quality Control of Products 

Hosen Group, being one of Asia’s leading FMCG trader and distributor, specialises in processed food. 

We strive to meet both our customers’ quality requirements and food safety and hygiene standards 

on our products.  

 

We rely on supplier's Quality Assurance (QA) and Quality Control (QC) but we will randomly pick some 

samples from different batch shipment for quality check. We have both Health certificate and 

Certificate of Analysis from our suppliers and relevant authorities for our products which have gone 

through quality control.  

 

We require our suppliers and our own factory to implement tight controls on food safety and hygiene 

by installing metal detectors and implementing on-line quality control check on every manufacturing 

process. We have obtained from Agri-Food &amp; Veterinary Authority of Singapore (commonly known as 

“AVA”) the import and export permits for our fish and meat products, various health  certificates, free 

sale certificates and other food certificates in order to ensure the supply of safe foods to customers 

both local and worldwide. 

 

Our own chocolate factory strictly conform to the following seven principles and standards in Hazard 

Analysis and Critical Control Point (commonly known as “HACCP”), an internationally recognised 

system to reduce the risk of safety hazards in food:  

Principle 1 - Conduct a Hazard Analysis     

Principle 2 - Identify the Critical Control Points 

Principle 3 - Establish Critical Limits 

Principle 4 - Monitor CCP 

Principle 5 - Establish Corrective Action 

Principle 6 - Verification 


17 

 

Principle 7 - Recordkeeping  

 

The chocolate factory also obtained HALAL certification, with which our chocolate products can be 

sold to Muslim consumers. We aim to obtain the certificate of FSSC 22000 V5 Food Manufacturing &amp; 

MS1480:2019 in FY2020. 

 

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE  

We pride ourselves in having good corporate governance and observing compliance with applicable 

laws and regulations. The Group is committed to conduct the business with integrity and to safeguard 

the interest of all our stakeholders, both internal and external. There was no non-compliance to the 

applicable laws and regulations reported in FY2019 (FY2018: Nil).  

 

The Group complies with and puts in every effort in complying with the relevant laws and regulations 

that include the Companies Act, Employment Act, Employment of Foreign Manpower Act, SGX listing 

rules, Singapore Code on Take-overs and Mergers, ACRA regulations, Financial Reporting Standards 

and Singapore Standard on the Code of Practice for Pollution Control, amongst others. 

 

We are vigilant in the prevention of money-laundering and in the prevention of providing assistance 

to other parties in the conduct of money-laundering and/or other wrongful acts. 

 

We aim to maintain zero incidence of non-compliance to the applicable laws and regulations in 

FY2020.  

 


18 

 

7 GOVERNANCE 

 

Hosen Group is a responsible entity and we comply with the laws and regulations of the countries that 

we are operating in, as well as the customs and health policies of those countries where our customers 

are located. 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The Board and the Management of Hosen Group are committed to the best practices in corporate 

governance to ensure sustainability of the Group’s operations. We believe that our constant drive for 

excellence in corporate governance will allow us to establish a more transparent, accountable and 

equitable system, thereby increasing the value of the Company and its value to our shareholders. 

Please refer to the 2019 Annual Report, pages 13 to 40 for the Group’s Corporate Governance Report. 

 

In FY2019, we are in compliance with the Catalist Rules and to the best extent possible, with the 

principles, provisions and practices set out in the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 and we will 

continue this track record. 

 

INTERNAL POLICIES 

Hosen Group implements a tight credit control policy. Customers’ ordering trends and payment 

records are reviewed regularly to minimise credit risk. Delay in payments are identified and followed-

up with the customers promptly. The Group may decline the acceptance of purchase orders from 

customer if there had been records of payment after the credit terms granted. Preferred selling price 

may be offered to customers who have good payment records over the years.  

 


19 

 

8 GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

Hosen Group Limited 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

Organisational Profile, pages 3 to 4  

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Annual Report 2019 (AR), pages 11, 55, 124 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

AR pages 11, 55, 122, 124 

102-6 

Markets served 

Organisational Profile, pages 3 to 4 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Organisational Profile, pages 3 to 4,  

Social, page 13 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Social, pages 13 to 14 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Organisational Profile, pages 3 to 4 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

None 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Hosen supports the intent of Precautionary 

Principle, but has not express a specific 

commitment. 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Social, page 16 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

None 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

Board Statement, pages 1 to 2 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of behavior 

Governance, page 18 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Governance, page 18 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholders Engagement, pages 5 to 7  

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Stakeholders Engagement, pages 5 to 7  

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholders Engagement, pages 5 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholders Engagement, pages 5 to 7  

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

AR page 11 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Board Statement, pages 1 to 2 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Materiality Assessment, page 8  

102-48 

Restatement of information 

None 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Board Statement, page 1  

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

27 May 2019 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the report 

Board Statement, page 2 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

Board Statement, pages 1 to 2 

102-55 

GRI content index 

GRI Standards Content Index, pages 19 to 20 

102-56 

External Assurance 

We may seek external assurance in the future. 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: Economic 

Performance 2016 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Economic, page 9 

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 

2016 

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and 

procedures 

Economic, page 10 

GRI 302: Energy 2016 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organization 

Environment, page 11 

GRI 303: Water 2016 

303-3 

Water recycled and used 

Environment, page 12 

GRI 3016: Effluents and 

Waste 

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal method 

Environment, page 12 

GRI 403: Occupational 

Health and Safety 2018 

403-1 

403-5 

Occupational health and safety management system 

Worker training on occupational health and safety 

Social, page 14 

GRI 404: Training and 

Education 2016 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employee 

Social, pages 14 to 16 


20 

 

8 GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 405: Diversity and 

equal opportunity 2016 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

Social, pages 13 to 14 

GRI 413: Local 

Communities 2016 

413-1 

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programs 

Social, page 16 

GRI 416: Customer Health 

and Safety 2016 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health 

and safety impacts of products and services 

Social, pages 16 to 17 

GRI 419: Socioeconomic 

Compliance 2016 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and 

economic area 

Social, page 17 

 

