
HOSEN GROUP LTD 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(Incorporated in Singapore) 

(Co. Reg. No. 200403029E) 

 

 

 



SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

 

About this Report 

 

Hosen Group Ltd (hereafter referred to as the “Company” and collectively with its subsidiaries, 

“Hosen Group” or the “Group”) presents its first annual Sustainability Report (the “Report”) in 

respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2017 (the “Reporting Period”). This Report 

provides information about Hosen Group’s key sustainability themes, its management approach as 

well as its performance across the Group’s operations. The Group has chosen the Global Reporting 

Initiative (“GRI”) as its sustainability reporting framework in the preparation of this report. This 

Report is guided by the GRI and incorporates the primary components of the report content as set 

out by the Singapore Exchange’s (“SGX”) “Comply or Explain” requirements on sustainability 

reporting under Listing Rule 711B.  

 

As this is the first year that the Company is issuing this Sustainability Report, we have taken the 

phased approach as described in Practice Note 7F: Sustainability Report Guide as specified in the 

Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST. Accordingly, the process of target setting is deferred till a time when 

adequate data is available to set reasonable targets. We endeavour to progressively develop our 

sustainability reporting both in quality and depth in the years to come. 

 

Message from the Board of Directors on Sustainability 

 

Being one of Asia’s leading trader and distributor of fast-moving consumer goods (“FMCG”), in 

particular, processed food and chocolate products, Hosen Group are vigilant to remain viable in a 

long run. Hosen Group understands that regular financial reports and stream of return on 

investment may not satisfy the increasing needs of investors, the latter may eager to know how the 

investee runs its business in a responsible and sustainable manner.  

 

The Board of Directors of Hosen Group (the “Board”) is of the opinion that it is important for Hosen 

Group to be responsible for the long-term success of the business and hence, in formulating the 

strategy and direction of the business, the Board will consider the sustainability issues, that can be 

classified as environmental, social and governance factors (“ESG factors”), in view of the materiality 

of the components of each factors and in association with the risks and opportunities. The Board 

had overseen the management and monitoring of the material ESG factors as well. 

 

Hosen Group views the Group’s sustainability of its business to be linked to, and is associated to its 

various stakeholders, which, amongst others, includes customers, suppliers, employees, bankers, 

investors, government and communities. With the support received from the different stakeholders, 


HOSEN GROUP LTD 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(Incorporated in Singapore) 

(Co. Reg. No. 200403029E) 

 

 

 



Hosen Group was able to continue its operations in the FMCG industry for more than 40 years 

(including the operations in other names) before its initial public offering in September 2004. 

 

The Group’s inaugural sustainability report summarises the expectation from various stakeholders, 

general business environment the Group is operating and what the Group has been done in order 

to have the Group been sustainable over the years. 

 

The information disclosed in this Sustainability Report, read together with the information in other 

sections of the Annual Report 2017, will provide the reader with a holistic view of the operations of 

our Company. We will strive to maintain the standards of the various ESG factors reported and 

improve them, whenever practicable, in accordance with the business activities of the Group, in the 

future. 

 

On behalf of the Board 

 

Lim Hai Cheok 

Chief Executive Officer 

 

31 December 2018 

 

 


HOSEN GROUP LTD 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(Incorporated in Singapore) 

(Co. Reg. No. 200403029E) 

 

 

 



Engagement of Key Stakeholders 

Hosen Group believes that a good and long-term established relationship with stakeholders are 

crucial to the Group’s success and sustainability. The Group has identified, among others, the 

following key stakeholders, their areas of concern and worked in the direction to meet their 

expectations. 

 

Stakeholders 

Areas of Concern 

Meeting their Concerns 

Our strategies on 

engagement 

Customers 

Premium quality 

products 

Competitive pricing 

Timely delivery 

 

Provide consistent level 

of quality of products 

Review our prices to 

stay competitive 

without compromising 

the quality 

Maintain good and 

professional delivery 

team 

Business contacts 

Visit customers’ places 

of operation 

Preferred selling price 

offered to customers 

with good payment 

records 

Face-to-face meetings 

and/or via various 

communication 

channels 

Suppliers 

Fair trading terms 

Timely payment 

Reasonable demand 

on quality of materials 

and products 

Advice/Updates on 

health regulations and 

hygiene requirements 

by relevant laws  

Commit to the terms of 

the supply agreement 

Make timely payments 

according to agreed 

credit terms 

Business contacts 

Visit suppliers’ 

factories and 

production plants 

Assess suppliers’ 

hygiene and health 

policies 

Face-to-face meetings 

and/or via various 

communication 

channels 

Employees 

Competitive salary 

and benefits 

Career development 

and chance of 

promotion 

Job satisfaction 

Work-life balance 

Review and compare 

the prevailing salaries 

in the market 

Health and wellness 

benefits 

Spirit of teamwork  

Arrange festival events 

and activities 

Employee benefit in 

the form of discounted 

prices for staff 

purchases 


HOSEN GROUP LTD 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(Incorporated in Singapore) 

(Co. Reg. No. 200403029E) 

 

 

 



Working environment 

and condition 

Occupational health 

and safety 

Fair employment 

policies 

 

Harmonious and 

cooperative working 

environment 

Open door policy 

Practice fair 

employment policy 

Cleanliness, tidiness 

and safety of 

workplace 

Encourage face-to-face 

communications with 

management team 

Provide on-the-job 

training 

Arrange staff to attend 

workshops and 

seminars for upskill 

opportunities 

Bankers 

Timely repayment of 

loans and borrowings 

Utilisation of facilities 

Stable stream of 

earnings 

Healthy cash flow 

Establish and maintain 

high standard of risk 

management and 

corporate governance 

Retain competent and 

experienced directors, 

officers and 

management team 

Disclose financial 

results on a regularly 

basis 

Maintain strong 

financial positions and 

healthy cash flow 

Timely repay loans and 

instalments as 

scheduled 

Maintain good banking 

relationship with 

bankers 

Update the latest 

development and 

financial needs 

Inform new products 

being traded 

 

Investors and 

shareholders 

Strong financial 

positions and healthy 

cash flow 

Sound corporate 

governance 

Succession planning 

Constant and stable 

growth of business 

Reasonable rate of 

return on investment 

Timely disclosures 

Establish and maintain 

high standard of risk 

management and 

corporate governance 

Review and re-assess 

existing investments 

Evaluate and appraise 

potential investment 

opportunities 

Retain competent and 

experienced directors, 

Hold general meetings 

with shareholders to 

receive comments and 

address their concerns 

Make timely 

announcements 

pursuant to the SGX 

rules 

Distribute annual 

reports with 

management 

discussion and analysis 


HOSEN GROUP LTD 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(Incorporated in Singapore) 

(Co. Reg. No. 200403029E) 

 

 

 



officers and 

management team 

Disclose financial 

results on regularly 

basis 

Disseminate material 

information and keep 

updates in due course 

Comply with code of 

corporate governance 

Government and 

regulatory 

authorities 

Regulatory, legal and 

industrial 

requirements 

Succession planning 

Prevention of fraud 

and irregularities 

Timely tax payments 

Responsive to changes 

in relevant 

government policies 

Highly alert on and 

avoidance of money-

laundering 

Comply with both local 

and foreign laws, 

regulations, policies 

and procedures, where 

applicable 

Maintain sound risk 

management 

 

Consult the relevant 

authorities 

Consult professional 

firms and seek advice 

Engage for internal 

audit and external 

audit 

Community 

Fair employment 

policies towards the 

aged citizens 

Good corporate 

citizenship 

Contributions to 

green-house exercises 

 

Fair employment 

opportunity towards 

aged citizens 

Provision of jobs to the 

community 

Donations of cash and 

food products 

Sponsorship to and 

participation in 

activities of voluntary 

organisations 

Usage of energy-saving 

equipment and low-

electricity consumption 

devices 

 

 

 

 


HOSEN GROUP LTD 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(Incorporated in Singapore) 

(Co. Reg. No. 200403029E) 

 

 

 



The salient ESG factors identified by Hosen Group 

Environmental factors 

 

Hosen Group is committed to operate in a green environment, to minimize the impact to issues such 

as global warming and to reduce the emission of harmful gas pollutants and particulate matter. 

 

(1) Energy Consumption 

Our Singapore office had made the switch from the use of fluorescent tubes to Light 

Emitting Diode tubes and bulbs (in short, LED tubes and bulbs) for years. Despite of the 

initial change-over costs, the Group had been benefited with lower electricity consumption, 

which in turn led to less natural resources were consumed by power-generating provider as 

lower demand of electricity production.  

 

The Group promotes to switch off lights and air-conditioners in working areas and 

conference rooms if they are not occupied or in use; and to set the temperature of the air-

conditioners to a comfortable level during working hours in order to save energy 

consumption and hence save the earth. 

 

Hosen Group has in recent two years replaced a number of old-typed lorries and vans to 

Euro5-type vans to recently to Euro6-type lorry in order to reduce the emission of gas 

pollutants and particulate matter which are harmful to both the environment and human 

being.  

 

The Group has also used Enterprise Resource System to plan the delivery schedules in order 

to reduce the hours of the delivery fleet running on the roads and the emission of pollutants. 

 

(2) Use of water 

Water is another important natural resource in the world, the Group conducts regular 

checks on water taps to ensure that there is no leakage of water and encourage staff to use 

water less and wisely.  

 

 

Social factors 

 

(1) Corporate Citizenship 

 

Hosen Group has been active in its contribution towards the society. Over the years, the 

Group has sponsored and donated to various charitable organisations and universities.  

 

When selected charitable organisations hold events, we have offered to sponsor their 

events. To support charity fair and events, we donated our products and/or money to The 


HOSEN GROUP LTD 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(Incorporated in Singapore) 

(Co. Reg. No. 200403029E) 

 

 

 



Food Bank Singapore, Lions Club of Singapore, Tzu Chi Singapore and Che Hian Khor Moral 

Uplifting Society (Singapore).  

 

(2) Equal Opportunity Employment  

 

The Group offers fair job opportunities to aged staff as we value senior citizens who can 

value-add to the Group with their marketing and/or management expertise and experience 

in the industry. In the Singapore office, we have more than 26% of our employees who are 

55 years old and above and more than 17% of our employees who are aged between 50 

years old and 54 years old. When the Group recruits staff, we consider the candidates’ 

educational level, work experience, attitude and merit, regardless of race, religion and 

gender for comprehensiveness. We implement equal opportunity employment policies and 

therefore we have staff from the Philippines, India, Myanmar, Malaysia bumiputra and 

China as our staff. 

 

(3) Employee Welfare 

 

From time to time, the Group organised activities to foster ties amongst the employees. 

Such activities include Chinese New Year reunion dinner, company overseas trip, Christmas 

party with food catering, gifts exchange and lucky draw. Employees are given fair 

remuneration scheme, discounted price for staff purchases and opportunities for career 

advancement and career enrichment. 

 

(4) Workplace Safety  

 

Hosen Group also create a safety working conditions to employees. Forklift operators are 

sent for training and certified by accredited Forklift Training Provider. The courses include, 

among others, Forklift Safety Course and Operate Forklift Course.  

 

(5) Career Development and Training 

 

The Group also sends its employees to advance course in Excel or other relevant seminars 

to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of their daily responsibilities. In order to provide 

a healthy and harmony working environment, Hosen Group adopts open-door policy so that 

employees can feel free to approach their seniors or management staff. 

 

Our chocolate manufacturing workers are sent for food handling training course so that they 

are equipped with the necessary knowledge on proper food handling procedures in the 

process of food manufacturing. 

 

 

 


HOSEN GROUP LTD 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(Incorporated in Singapore) 

(Co. Reg. No. 200403029E) 

 

 

 



 

Governance factor 

 

Hosen Group is a responsible entity and we comply with the laws and regulations of the countries 

that we are operating in, as well as the customs and health policies of those countries where our 

customers are located. 

 

(1) Laws, Regulations and Anti-Money Laundering 

 

The Group complies with and puts in every effort in complying with the relevant laws and 

regulations that include the Companies Act, Employment Act, Employment of Foreign 

Manpower Act, SGX listing rules, Singapore Code on Take-overs and Mergers, ACRA regulations, 

Financial Reporting Standards and Singapore Standard on the Code of Practice for Pollution 

Control, amongst others. 

 

We are vigilant in the prevention of money-laundering and in the prevention of providing 

assistance to other parties in the conduct of money-laundering and/or other wrongful acts. 

 

(2) Quality Control of Products 

 

Hosen Group, being one of Asia’s leading FMCG trader and distributor, specialises in processed 

food, will meet the customers’ quality requirements on our products on one hand and focus on 

the food safety and hygiene on the other hand. We require our suppliers and our own factory 

to implement tight controls on food safety and hygiene by installing metal detectors and 

implementing on-line quality control check on every manufacturing process. We have obtained 

from Agri-Food &amp; Veterinary Authority of Singapore (in short, commonly known as “AVA”) the 

import and export permits for our fish and meat products, various health certificates, free sale 

certificates and other food certificates in order to ensure the supply of safe foods to customers 

both local and worldwide. 

 

Our own chocolate factory strictly follows the principles and standards in Hazard Analysis and 

Critical Control Point (in short, commonly known as “HACCP”), an internationally recognised 

system to reduce the risk of safety hazards in food and it also obtained HALAL certification, with 

which our chocolate products can be sold to Muslim consumers. 

 

(3) Internal Policies 

Hosen Group implements a tight credit control policy. Customers’ ordering trends and payment 

records are reviewed regularly to minimise credit risk. Delay in payments are identified and 

followed-up with the customers promptly. The Group may decline the acceptance of purchase 

orders from customer if there had been records of payment after the credit terms granted. 

Preferred selling price may be offered to customers who have good payment records over the 

years. 

 


HOSEN GROUP LTD 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(Incorporated in Singapore) 

(Co. Reg. No. 200403029E) 

 

 

 



About Hosen Group and its products 

 

Hosen Group, through its subsidiaries in Singapore, Malaysia and China, has developed over the past 

40 years an extensive and robust distribution network that spans Asia, Europe, Middle East, Africa 

and the Oceanic countries. Today, Hosen’s house brands of products can be found in various 

continents of the world. 

 

Besides our strength in developing distribution network, the Company has also honed its skills in 

brand management and product development. 

 

Our Brands are renowned for providing premium quality products at affordable prices. HOSEN® 

brand, our key house brand, has won many accolades and bagged numerous awards over the years, 

including the Most Promising Brand Award and Superbrands Awards. The Company has also been 

awarded Singapore 1000 Company (Public Listed) for consecutive years.  

 

Our Hosen® brand carries a wide range of fruits, vegetables, condiments and beverages in various 

packaging such as can, bottle and pouch. The Fortune® brand carries an exquisite range of high 

quality canned seafood such as braised abalone and various types of shellfish. The Group also owns 

the Highway® Brand that carries canned meat and breakfast spreads. In 2013, LaDiva® brand was 

launched to cater to a growing demand for western product lines. The Sincero® brand carries 

chocolate products with various contents packed in bottle, pouch and tin. 

 

Over the decades, the Company has built an extensive distribution network managed by an 

experienced team. 

 

Our Retail Team showcases our products in the supermarkets, warehouse clubs, online malls and 

convenience stores. Our direct presence at retail stores enable us to launch new products and gather 

first-hand consumer response within a short period of time. This is a critical domain for us in this 

FMCG industry to create and innovate new products. 

 

Our Food Service Divisions in Singapore, Malaysia and China service hotels, restaurants, airlines, 

clubs, caterers, cafes, ship-chandlers, bakeries and dessert chain stores. With the evolving changes 

in the businesses of these customer groups, we have, beyond product supplies and prompt services, 

engaged customers in the area of product development and other value added services. 

 

Our Export Division has, over the years, developed a good client base in our overseas network, 

spanning more than 40 countries, and gained a reputation of delivering high quality products and 

excellent services. The Company has leveraged on this strength and has also taken on the role of a 

service provider for procurement and logistic requirements for our established customers. 

 

 

 


HOSEN GROUP LTD 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(Incorporated in Singapore) 

(Co. Reg. No. 200403029E) 

 

 

 



In 2015, the Company established a Malaysia subsidiary in Senai, being the first manufacturing arm 

of the Group, to develop, process, trade and distribute house brand and new chocolate products for 

both retail and industrial uses. 

 

The Group will continue to provide an efficient, innovative and cost-effective distribution network 

in the domestic and international markets to supply and distribute our house brands and other 

FMCG products thereby enhancing the value of the Group and its stakeholders. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

_______________________________________________________________________________ 

This report has been prepared by the Company and its contents have been reviewed by the 

Company’s sponsor, PrimePartners Corporate Finance Pte. Ltd. (the “Sponsor”) for compliance with 

the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules 

of Catalist.  The Sponsor has not verified the contents of this report. 

 

This report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST.  The Sponsor and the SGX-ST 

assume no responsibility for the contents of this report, including the accuracy, completeness or 

correctness of any of the information, statements or opinions made or reports contained in the report. 

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms Keng Yeng Pheng, Associate Director, Continuing 

Sponsorship (Mailing Address: 16 Collyer Quay, #10-00 Income at Raffles, Singapore 049318 and 

E-mail: sponsorship@ppcf.com.sg). 

