
HOTEL ROYAL

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

2016


HOTEL ROYAL  京华

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2016

2

Dear Shareholders,

We are pleased to submit our full Sustainability 

Report for FY2016, which provides a snapshot of our 

economic, social and environmental performance 

and how we manage sustainability issues in our 

hospitality business.  

Central to this Report is the Materiality Matrix that 

outlines the strategic priorities of Management and 

our stakeholders, and provides a discussion on each 

of these factors highlighted.

We truly believe that our Group’s growth cannot 

be achieved at the expense of the environment 

and the well being of the communities in which we 

operate in. Our business interests must be aligned 

with socio-environmental priorities in order to build 

lasting businesses for future generations.

We believe in creating a sustainable business 

strategy that can align with profitability.  Moving 

ahead, we will review our Materiality Matrix from 

time to time, taking into account the feedback 

that we continue to receive from our engagement 

with our stakeholders, and as we encounter new 

challenges in the business environment.  

We hope that our sustainability initiatives will lead 

to increased value creation in the years to come, 

and that our shareholders and investors will find this 

Report useful.  

DR LEE KENG THON

Chairman

1 November 2017





FOREWORD

BY THE CHAIRMAN


HOTEL ROYAL  京华

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2016

3

ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE

Hotel Royal’s sustainability strategy is developed and 

directed by the senior management in consultation 

with the Board of Directors.  The Group’s Sustainability 

Committee, which includes senior management 

executives, is led by the Group’s CEO, and tasked 

to develop the sustainability strategy, review its 

material impacts, consider stakeholder priorities 

and set goals and targets, as well as collect, verify, 

monitor and report performance data for this 

Sustainability Report.

CONTENTS OF THE REPORT

Our Report will begin with a review of the material 

aspects that both stakeholders and the Company 

view was being critical to the success and 

sustainability view as being of the Company.  We 

will seek to assess any changes in these material 

aspects when compared to the preceding year, 

where applicable, and look into issues that may 

have a large variance.  These may include changes 

to the business environment, stakeholder feedback 

and sustainability trends.

OUR SUSTAINABILITY POLICY 

Hotel Royal Limited is a hospitality group that places 

much emphasis on executing a sustainable business 

strategy with profitability and shareholder value 

as foremost priorities.  As a responsible corporate 

citizen operating in Singapore and the Asia-Pacific 

region, the Group’s values are articulated in the 

following principles

• Code of conduct and business ethics 

Our Group adopts a Code of Conduct and Business 

Ethics that stipulates the principles of our conduct 

and business ethics that apply to all of the Group’s 

employees. This Code covers areas such as conduct 

in workplace, business conduct, protection of the 

Company’s assets, confidentiality of information 

and conflict of interest.

We have also established a whistle-blowing 

mechanism to aid in the reporting of corporate 

misconducts. We do not engage in child labour 

or take unethical means, directly or indirectly, 

to provide business services in our day-to-day 

operations. By “indirectly”, we are saying that we 

do not engage in business with partners, suppliers 

or third party manufacturers that are known to use 

unethical means in their business processes.

• Health, safety and the environment

Management of health, safety and the environment 

is high on our list of priorities. We continuously seek to 

minimise the impact of our activities through water 

and energy conservation, as well as having a robust 

workplace safety management programme.  

Please  refer to the section on Corporate Social 

Responsibility on Page 36 of our FY2016 Annual Report.

• Employees

We believe in engaging and developing our 

staff to their fullest by providing opportunities for 

development and growth.  

Please refer to the People Report on Pages 38 – 41 of 

our FY2016 Annual Report.

• Community

We believe in giving back to the society through 

supporting 

various 

charitable 

initiatives 

and 

community projects.  

Please refer to the section on Corporate Social 

Responsibility on Pages 36 our FY2016 Annual Report.

STATEMENT OF ASSURANCE

It should be pointed out that while the financial 

statements in the Report are audited by independent 

auditors, we rely on our internal process to verify 

the accuracy of the ESG performance data and 

information presented in this Report.

AVAILABILITY

A PDF version of the full Report will be available for 

download at our investor relations pages of our 

website – hotelroyal.listedcompany.com, or at the 

SGX website.


HOTEL ROYAL  京华

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2016

4

OUR STAKEHOLDERS

STAKEHOLDERS 

HOTEL ROYAL’S COMMITMENT

INVESTORS 

Maximise shareholder value through our corporate strategies and business 

fundamentals

CUSTOMERS 

Maximise customer satisfaction through delivering quality service and products

EMPLOYEES 

Maximise the full potential of our people resources through continual employee 

development and training

PARTNERS 

Build strong partnerships with regulatory and non-governmental organisations 

in the pursuit of the best in environmental, health and safety standards in our 

operations

COMMUNITY 

Minimise environmental impact and contribute to the communities where we 

operate in

MATERIALITY MATRIX

The following Materiality Matrix maps out the 

environmental, economic, social and governance 

factors that impact or potentially impact our 

business and operations, based on our own 

sensitivity analyses and risk management profile, as 

well as insights gained from our interactions with our 

stakeholders. 

This Matrix is helpful in focusing attention on the 

values that are critical to the success of our business 

as well as delivering value to shareholders.

We review our Materiality Matrix from time to time, 

taking into account the feedback that we receive 

from our engagement with a wide variety of 

stakeholders, broader sustainability trends and the 

issues facing the hospitality industry.  Issues that are 

material to Hotel Royal are reviewed on an ongoing 

basis as the company continues to grow.

For the purpose of this Report, we have limited the 

scope to our Singapore assets, namely, Hotel Royal 

Singapore and Hotel Royal@Queens.  Along the 

way, we hope to include our assets in Malaysia, 

Thailand and New Zealand progressively.

 

MANAGING SUSTAINABILITY - 

IDENTIFICATION OF KEY SUSTAINABILITY ISSUES 

The Group has adopted the following Materiality 

Matrix approach to identify and prioritise key 

sustainability issues. Feedback was gathered from its 

stakeholders who formed the basis for determining 

the Matrix.

Based on feedback from our various stakeholders, 

we have shortlisted 11 material factors based 

on valuable insights that we have gained from 

our stakeholder engagement efforts, as well as 

factors that Management deems to have potential 

material impacts to our business operations.  

HIGH

HIGH

LOW

SHAREHOLDERS’ 

PRIORITIES

HOTEL ROYAL’S 

PRIORITIES

Community Engagement

Customer Satisfaction

Service Quality

Business Continuity

Customer Retention

Employee Relations

Corporate Governance

Work Place Safety

Risk Management

Environment Management

Innovation


HOTEL ROYAL  京华

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2016

5

8%

16%

38%

38%

19%

21%

32%

28%

BY NATIONALITIES

BY AGE

GROUP EMPLOYEE PROFILE

Singaporeans

Malaysians

Thai 

Others

21-30 years old

31-40 years old

41-50 years old

Above 50 years

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION, 

RETENTION &amp; SERVICE QUALITY

Customers are our priority – the lifeblood of any 

business – and our future depends on having 

continued strong relationships with our guests.  We 

endeavor to achieve this by continuing to improve 

our service standards and continually exceeding 

their expectations.

At Hotel Royal, customer satisfaction is a key driver 

of our business success and sustainable growth. 

Every year, we aim to achieve a minimum of 80% in 

our Customer Satisfaction Surveys and a minimum 

of 12 compliments for every complaint received.  

Management is committed to reading every 

feedback form submitted by our guests.  Insights 

from these surveys have allowed us to make many 

changes to improve our customers’ experiences. 

EMPLOYEE RELATIONS

The Group has 772 employees across its operations 

in Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand, delivering 

exceptional, 

heart-felt 

service 

to 

its 

guests, 

consistent with its credo – “Every Room A Home”.  

At our Singapore operations, our productivity 

initiatives resulted in a 2% marginal decrease in 

total staff strength.  However, we managed to 

consistently strike a balance in the gender diversity 

amongst our employees.  

 

2016 

2015

Men 

121 (54%) 

120 (53%)

Women 

102 (46%) 

108 (47%)

Total staff in Singapore 

223 

228


HOTEL ROYAL  京华

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2016

6

We place a high priority in staff training because 

these are the ambassadors of the Hotel Royal 

brand of service – in particular, we focus on service 

deliverables such as projecting distinctive service 

posture, well-appointed rooms, competitive room 

rates, as well as security and safety standards. 

 

2016 

2015

Total training hours 

2,372 

3,182

Average training 

hours per employee 

10.6 

14.0

In 2016, we invested a total of 2,372 training hours at 

our Singapore hotels, a decline of 25.5% compared 

to the previous year, largely due to the tight 

manpower situation in Singapore.  This translates 

to an average of 10.6 training hours per employee 

in 2016.  Moving ahead, we intend to introduce 

e-learning into our curriculum so that training can 

be conducted with more flexibility.

Our vision is to be the preferred hospitality group 

for the mid-market segment, such as corporate 

travel, agents, training, sports, shipping, incentives, 

online travel and performance segments.  As one 

of the few hotel management companies with 

ISO, Singapore Quality Class (Star) and Singapore 

Service Class certifications, our performance is 

continually being measured against the best in 

class. 

Our aim is to train our employees to achieve optimal 

level of performance, aligning their personal goals 

with the Group’s performance and creating a 

culture that is in line with our service credo. This we 

do through our internal “WE CARE” programme 

where we inculcate in all of our staff that Customers 

are our main focus and that Attitude adopted must 

be positive.  We have to Recognise the needs, wants 

and expectations of our customers in order for us to 

Effectively and efficiently meet their expectations. 

Not only are we concerned about how our 

customers feel about our service, we are equally 

committed to know how our staff feel about the 

Company and the work environment.  In our annual 

Employee Satisfaction Surveys, we track staff 

feedback, training needs, job satisfaction, benefits 

and welfare.   It is our internal company policy to 

achieve a minimum score of 70%.

WORKPLACE SAFETY

 

2016 

2015

Workplace 

0 

0

injury rate

Accident 

0 

0

frequency rate

Accident 

0 

0

severity rate

Creating a safe and conducive workplace is an 

important priority, and our safety practices are 

in line with the Government’s regulations and 

guidelines.  Each of our hotels has a workplace 

health and safety committee to monitor and review 

our safety practices, as well as identify potential 

risks, thereby ensuring that our practices are in line 

with the best practices of the industry.  We have a 

reporting procedure in place where all accidents 

and injuries at the workplace, even minor cuts, are 

reported to the relevant HR department for action 

and tracking.  We are pleased that for the last two 

years, our hotels continued to be accident and 

injury-free.

To ensure that we continue to achieve good 

results, we send our staff for training in workplace 

safety, first aid and the use of the automated 

external defibrillator (AED) in the event of a medical 

emergency.  In addition, they are also trained 

in handling fire hazards at the work place, and 

participate regularly in fire drills and evacuation 

exercises.  




HOTEL ROYAL  京华

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2016

7

BUSINESS CONTINUITY &amp; RISK MANAGEMENT

Risk management forms a critically important part of 

business management.  The Group’s risk and control 

framework is designed to provide reasonable 

assurance to ensure that our business objectives are 

met efficiently and effectively, while safeguarding 

our assets and ensuring that we comply with the 

necessary legal and regulatory requirements as we 

ensure the integrity of our financial reporting and 

corporate disclosures.  

Management is responsible for identifying critical 

business risks and to take the necessary procedures 

to address these risks.  These procedures are 

reviewed and updated regularly to reflect changes 

in market conditions and the activities of the Group. 

For more detailed discussions of our Risk Management 

initiatives, please refer to pages 70 to 71 of our FY2016 

Annual Report. 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Board and Management firmly believe that 

the Group’s unwavering commitment to the best 

practices of corporate governance is essential 

to its sustainability and performance in the long-

term.  Driven by our strong sense of creating value 

and accountability towards our investors and 

stakeholders, the Group’s quest for corporate 

excellence lies in our belief in developing and 

maintain a sound, transparent and consistent 

policies and practices.  We are focused on 

complying with the latest versions of Singapore’s 

Code of Corporate Governance – not only to the 

letter of the Code but in the spirit of the Code 

as well.  In so doing, we endeavor to achieve 

operational excellence and achieving our long-

term strategic objectives of driving long-term 

growth and delivering value to our shareholders.

Please refer to pages 45 to 69 of our FY2016 Annual 

Report for details of our Corporate Governance 

practices. 

COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT

 

2016 

2015

Community

investments (S$) 

70,000 

60,000

At the core of our corporate social responsibility 

(CSR) commitment is our passion to reach out to the 

larger community in the cities that we operate in. 

We believe that as a successful business enterprise, 

we have to do our part to make a positive impact in 

and around us, fostering goodwill in the communities 

and environment.  We hope to further align our long-

term business strategies with the universal values of 

achieving positive and sustainable outcomes for all 

of our stakeholders.

Extending care and concern to the community is 

an important extension of Hotel Royal’s service  

culture - which is about making Every Room A Home. 

We see it as part of our business to extend this sense 

of family to the underprivileged in our society. Every 

year, we, together with our employees, contribute 

funds and time to support various meaningful 

causes.

In 2016, the Group increased its investments into 

the community by 16.7% to S$70,000 by way of 

donations and sponsorship of room nights to various 

arts groups.




HOTEL ROYAL  京华

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2016

8

ENVIRONMENT MANAGEMENT 

 

 

2016 

2015

Energy usage (GJ) 

28,718 

28,646

Carbon footprint 

4,634 

4,622

(tonnes CO2 e)

Water usage 

132,939 

152,622

(cubic metres)

We hope to further align our long-term business 

strategies with the universal values of achieving 

sustainable outcomes for all of our stakeholders. 

Our 

environment 

initiatives 

are 

focused 

on 

minimizing the material environmental impact 

of our operations, which include energy, water 

and waste.  We also actively engage staff and 

customers to champion and address some of the 

environmental impacts together.  

We 

support 

Singapore’s 

reaffirmation 

of 

its 

commitment to the Paris Agreement and its 

pledge to reduce the intensity of emissions and 

to stabilize emissions, and in particular, its aim to 

reduce emissions intensity by 36%, from the levels 

recorded in 2005 by 2030, and to stabilise its 

emissions with the aim of peaking around 2030.  As 

climate change ultimately leads to sea level rise, 

which will affect water resources, biodiversity risks, 

public health, urban heat island effect and food 

security, businesses in Singapore will not be immune 

to these potential adverse effects.  Therefore we 

have started to look at how we as a business can 

mitigate these adverse effects by playing our part 

in reducing emissions, increasing energy efficiency, 

reduce and recycling waste, conserving water 

resources and promoting individual and corporate 

initiatives.

During the year in review, the Group’s water saving 

initiatives achieved the biggest improvement, 

dropping by nearly 13% to 132,939 cubic metres, 

while our energy consumption and carbon footprint 

remained consistent with 2015’s levels. 

Meanwhile, our hotels in Singapore and Phuket are 

tapping solar energy to generate hot water, while 

our properties in Singapore and Kuala Lumpur have 

energy-saving LED lighting installed and our hotel in 

Bangkok has installed environmentally friendly VRV 

air-conditioning system.  Every little act goes a long 

way - across the Group’s properties, office staff are 

switching off lights during the lunch period while 

rainwater is collected to water the plants and wash 

bin centres.  

In 2016, Hotel Royal Singapore installed dispensers 

for hot, warm and cold water on all floors, and has 

ceased distributing bottled drinking water to the 

guest rooms.   In addition, Hotel Royal Singapore has 

joined Hotel Royal @ Queens as a smoke-free hotel 

- all guest rooms and suites have been designated 

as no smoking zones.

 

INNOVATION

Innovation can be a catalyst for the growth and 

success of business, and help to adapt and grow 

in the marketplace.  Being innovative does not 

only mean inventing – it can also be adapting to 

changes in our business environment to deliver 

better products and services.  It can also result in 

making productivity gains to increase efficiency 

and profitability. 

At Hotel Royal, we strive to inculcate an innovative 

culture amongst our staff across the Group, and 

we empower them to continually look for ways to 

innovate new processes, products and services.



