


Hotel Properties Limited 

Sustainability Report 

 

 

 

 

2017 


 

2 

 

 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

The Board of Directors of Hotel Properties Limited (the “Board”) is pleased to present our first 

Sustainability Report.  

We believe that sustainability is integral in achieving long-term value creation for all our 

stakeholders. As such, the Board recognises the importance of adopting best practices in the 

environment, social and governance (“ESG”) aspects that are integral to our business.  

We believe that it is important for us to focus on the ESG aspects where we can have the most 

impact. We conducted a materiality assessment to identify where to concentrate our 

sustainability efforts. Our material ESG aspects include guest satisfaction, health and safety, 

and energy and water. The Sustainability Report sets out how we manage our impacts in these 

areas as well as our performance and goals for the upcoming year.    

This Sustainability Report covers our performance for these material ESG aspects for seven 

selected hotels1 for the financial year 2017. All data and activities reported were from 1 January 

2017 to 31 December 2017 for these selected hotels, unless stated otherwise. 

We have set these goals to monitor our journey towards becoming a more sustainable business 

and measure our sustainability performance. 

[This material references disclosures: 102-14, 102-16, and 102-46 from GRI 102: General Disclosure 2016 and 

404-1 from GRI 404: Training and Education 2016] 

 

 

 

1 Refer to ‘About this Report’ section on page 5. 

 




 

3 

 

ABOUT HOTEL PROPERTIES LIMITED 

Hotel Properties Limited (“HPL”) was incorporated in Singapore as a private limited company 

on 28 January 1980. It was converted into a public company on 4 May 1982 when it changed 

its name from Hotel Properties Pte Ltd to Hotel Properties Limited. The Group2 headquarters 

are located in Singapore.  

HPL was admitted to the Official List of the then Stock Exchange of Singapore Limited (now 

known as the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited) on 17 June 1982.  

The principal business activities of the Group include hotel ownership, management and 

operation, property development and investment holding. As of 31 December 2017, the Group 

has interests in 32 hotels under prestigious hospitality brands such as Four Seasons, Hilton 

International, Como Hotels, InterContinental Hotels Group and Six Senses Hotels. In addition, 

the Group manages its own portfolio of hotels under well-established brands such as Hard Rock 

Hotels and Concorde Hotels &amp; Resorts. 

The Group owns hotels, resorts and shopping galleries in 13 countries, namely, Singapore, 

Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, Maldives, Seychelles, Vanuatu, the United States of America, 

Bhutan, Tanzania, South Africa, Vietnam and United Kingdom.  

As a testament to its quality accommodation, the hotels have been awarded various awards, 

for example, Gili Lankanfushi was awarded the Best Hotel in Maldives by TripAdvisor’s 

Travellers’ Choice 2018. Another luxury resort, Six Senses Laamu, was also recognised as the 

6th Best Luxury Hotel in Maldives by TripAdvisor’s Travellers’ Choice 2018. 

The Four Seasons Resort The Nam Hai, Hoi An, Vietnam, was recognised as TripAdvisor’s 4th 

Best Luxury Hotel in Vietnam in 2018. Recognised for excellent service, Four Seasons Hotel 

Singapore was ranked the 4th Best Hotel for Service and 8th Best Hotel in Singapore by 

TripAdvisor’s Travellers’ Choice 2018. 

The Group has established a distinctive track record as a niche player in the quality and 

premium residential and commercial property market and is known for building quality 

residential developments in prime locations.  

In Singapore, its luxury residential developments include Robertson Blue, Cuscaden Residences, 

Scotts 28, Nassim Jade, Four Seasons Park, and the latest Tomlinson Heights, as well as 

through joint ventures with CapitaLand, The Interlace and the d’Leedon condominiums. The 

Group also owns prime commercial and retail properties such as Forum The Shopping Mall and 

Concorde Shopping Mall in Singapore.  

The Met condominium in Bangkok, Thailand, has received some prestigious awards including 

‘World’s Best Housing Development’ at the World Architecture Festival Awards and ‘Design of 

the Year’ from President’s Design Award Singapore. 

In London, the Group has progressively established its presence with four joint-venture freehold 

developments, namely – Burlington Gate, Holland Park Villa, Paddington Square and the 

combined project of Ludgate House and Sampson House.  

[This material references disclosures: 102-1, 102-2, 102-3, 102-4, 102-5, 102-6 and 102-7 from GRI 102: 

General Disclosure 2016] 

 

2 References to ‘HPL Group’, ‘the Group’ and ‘we’ in pages 2 to 5 refer to Hotel Properties Limited and its 

subsidiaries.  


 

4 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

[This material references disclosures: 102-2, 102-7 and 102-10 from GRI 102: General Disclosure 2016] 



 



Key changes in 2017: 

The following hotels were acquired through 

associates or jointly-controlled entities: 

Hilton London Olympia, United Kingdom; 

DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel London Ealing, United 

Kingdom; Four Seasons Resort Langkawi, 

Malaysia; and Four Seasons Seychelles at 

Desroches Island. 

 



Products and Services of HPL Group  

HPL Group operates through hotels, properties 

and other business segments. As of 31 

December 2017, the Group has interests in 32 

hotels across various countries. 

The principal business activities of the Group 

are those of hotel ownership, management 

and operation, property development and 

investment holding.  



$659.2 m 



Net Revenue for 2017 



Total Borrowings as at 31 December 

2017 



$1004.2 m 



$2175.2 m 



Total Equity as at 31 

December 2017 


 

5 

 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

This Sustainability Report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative 

(“GRI”) Standards: Reference Claims, the international standard for sustainability reporting. For 

further information on the relevant references, kindly refer to the GRI Content Index.  

This Sustainability Report covers the sustainability performance for the material ESG aspects of 

our operations in seven hotels and resorts across Indonesia, the Maldives, Singapore, Thailand, 

and Malaysia for the financial year ended 2017. These include Four Seasons Resort Bali at 

Jimbaran Bay, Four Seasons Resort Bali at Sayan, Hard Rock Hotel Bali, Holiday Inn Resort 

Kandooma Maldives, Concorde Hotel Singapore, Hard Rock Hotel Pattaya and Hard Rock Hotel 

Penang (“selected hotels”).  

All data and activities reported were from 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017 for these selected 

hotels, unless stated otherwise.  

[This material references disclosures: 102-52, 102-46, 102-50, 102-54, and 102-56 from GRI 102: General 

Disclosure 2016] 

MANAGEMENT APPROACH 

We understand the landscape is changing and sustainability is an increasingly important issue for 

us, and for our guests and business partners. We consult and share our sustainability performance 

with our key stakeholders and balance their interest with the Group’s objectives. Our business 

divisions are responsible for identifying and implementing sustainability initiatives while the Board 

and Audit Committee sets the direction and tone for the Group and has an overview of it. 

[This material references disclosures: 102-9, 102-12, 102-13 and 102-18 from GRI 102: General Disclosure 

2016] 




 

6 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT  

 

RESULTS FROM THE STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

We conducted a stakeholder engagement exercise to formally identify key stakeholder groups that 

have the ability to influence our performance and provide key insights to enhance our sustainability 

practice. These include hotel guests, investors, suppliers, local community, employees, and the 

management. 

 

We engage our stakeholders on a regular basis to ensure they have an effective channel to voice 

their thoughts and concerns regarding the sustainability of our business.  

 

[This material references disclosures: 102-40, 102-42, 102-43, 102-44 from GRI 102: General Disclosure 2016] 

 

 

OUR 

STAKEHOLDERS  

HOW WE ENGAGE 

WITH OUR 

STAKEHOLDERS 

EXPECTATIONS OF 

OUR 

STAKEHOLDERS 

CONCERNS OF OUR 

STAKEHOLDERS 

Guests 

 Guest satisfaction 

surveys 

 Feedback forms 

 Personal interaction  

 Emails 

 Website 

 Provide a 

memorable and 

satisfying 

experience in our 

properties  

 Provide services 

that have least 

impact on the 

environment and 

society 

 Management of 

health and safety 

risks in hotels and 

resorts 

 Protection of guest 

privacy and 

prevention of any 

loss in guest 

personal data 

Investors 

 Reports  

 Statements 

 Company website 

 Announcements 

 Meetings  

 Ensure increasing 

economic 

performance by 

HPL  

 Fines and non-

monetary sanctions 

for non-compliance 

to environmental 

and social laws and 

regulations 

Management 

 Intranet platforms 

 Performance 

management 

programmes 

 Emails 

 Training and 

education 

 

 

 Ensure increasing 

economic 

performance by 

HPL 

 Mitigate adverse 

environmental 

and social impacts   

 Total energy 

consumption in all 

properties  

 Fines and non-

monetary sanctions 

for non-compliance 

to environmental 

and social laws and 

regulations 

Employees 

 Employee surveys 

 Career development 

activity 

 Performance reviews 

 Intranet platforms 

 Emails 

 Company 

programmes 

 Training and 

education 

 Ensure provision 

of wage and 

benefits  

 Provide training 

and education  

 Support career 

management and 

progression  

 Occupational health 

and safety risks  

 


 

7 

 

 

 

 

Local Community 

 Media channels 

 Donations  

 Events and 

sponsorships 

 Corporate Social 

Responsibility 

programmes 

 

 Mitigate adverse 

environmental 

and social impacts   

 Significant fines and 

non-monetary 

sanctions for non-

compliance to 

environmental and 

social laws and 

regulations 

 Discrimination in 

our properties  

Suppliers 

 Supplier meetings 

 Partnerships 

 Procurement 

processes 

 Increase budget 

for Group’s 

procurement 

activities 

 Ensure increasing 

economic 

performance by 

HPL 

 Mitigate adverse 

environmental 

and social impacts   

 Unethical labour 

practices in supply 

chain  

 Fines and non-

monetary sanctions 

for non-compliance 

to environmental 

and social laws and 

regulations in the 

supply chain  


 

8 

 

MATERIALITY REVIEW 

RESULTS FROM MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

The selection of our material ESG aspects was conducted by engagement with our stakeholders. 

We recorded the expectations and concerns raised by our stakeholders, and mapped them to 

the GRI list of ESG aspects. We subsequently conducted an internal workshop to discuss the 

relative importance of each aspect by considering its impact on the business, as well as the 

level of expectation or concern raised by the stakeholders. The aspects were then plotted on a 

materiality matrix, which was used to identify and prioritise our efforts.  

The assessment produced a list of five material aspects that were identified as high importance 

for HPL and our stakeholders.  

[This material references disclosures: 102-46 and 102-47 from GRI 102: General Disclosure 2016] 

MATERIAL ASPECTS AND INDICATORS IDENTIFIED  

Issues identified 

List of ESG Indicators   

Guest satisfaction  

102-43: Approach to stakeholder engagement  

102-44: Key topics and concerns raised 

Employee health and 

safety 

403-2: Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number of work-

related fatalities  

Employee training and 

education  

404-1: Average hours of training per year per employee  

Energy consumption  

302-1: Energy consumption within the organisation 

Water consumption 

303-1: Water withdrawal by source 

 

[This material references disclosures 102-44 ad 102-47 from GRI 102: General Disclosure 2016] 

 

 


 

9 

 

REPORTING SCOPE AND BOUNDARIES  

Issues Identified 

Alignment to GRI Standard  

Aspect Boundary  

Guest satisfaction  

102-43: Approach to stakeholder 

engagement  

102-44: Key topics and concerns raised 

Within organisation 

Employee health and 

safety 

403-2: Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities  

Within organisation 

Employee training 

and education  

404-1: Average hours of training per 

year per employee  

Within organisation 

Energy consumption  

302-1: Energy consumption within the 

organisation 

Within organisation 

Water consumption 

303-1: Water withdrawal by source 

Within organisation  

 

[This material references disclosures 102-46 and 102-47 from GRI 102: General Disclosure 2016] 

 

 


 

10 

 

GUEST SATISFACTION    

 

OVERVIEW 

As a hotel owner and hotel management business, we are dedicated to creating a memorable 

experience for our guests. We believe that excellent customer service will secure brand loyalty. 

To ensure continuous improvement, we pay close attention to guest feedback. Our hotels obtain 

feedback from their guests in numerous ways, such as feedback questionnaires, online review 

platforms - such as Trip Advisor, Bookings.com and C- trip - guest care and comment cards, as 

well as email and verbal feedback. 

[This material references disclosures 102-43 and 102-44 from GRI 102: General Disclosure 2016] 

MANAGEMENT APPROACH 

Our hotels capture and respond to guest feedback using a variety of different platforms. Each 

hotel has developed a tailored approach to record, monitor, and respond to guest feedback and 

ensure the highest standards of guest satisfaction and experience. 

Many of our hotels use online platforms to track guest satisfaction. For instance, Medallia tracks 

the guest satisfaction by sending out an online survey to guests. The online survey asks guests to 

rate the hotel facilities and services using a consistent 0 to 10 scoring framework. The feedback is 

captured 24/7 and influences the hotel’s guest satisfaction score immediately. The scoring 

framework only recognises a score of 8, 9 or 10 as a positive score. A score of 7 or below is 

considered insufficient and will negatively impact the hotel’s guest satisfaction score. Four Seasons 

Jimbaran Bay and Four Seasons Sayan only recognises a score of 9 or 10 as a positive score. 

Revinate is an online survey platform that helps optimise guest experience. Many of our hotels use 

the survey platform to track guest reviews against priority categories such as location, food and 

beverage and security. Coyle is another platform which is used by some of our hotels to obtain 

guest feedback. Conversely, some track guest satisfaction through Leading Quality Assurance 

(LQA) that assess the performance of the hotel against 800 industry benchmark and emotional 

intelligence standards.  




 

11 

 

 

Our hotels seek to collect guest feedback on a regular basis and respond to it in a timely manner. 

They actively review and respond to guest feedback in a timely manner. For instance, employees 

of Holiday Inn Resort Kandooma Maldives are trained to be engaging and obtain verbal feedback 

from guests. The hotel staff are encouraged to elicit verbal feedback from guests on a daily basis.  

In a city environment, Concorde Hotel Singapore sends online surveys to guests upon check-out. 

The hotel also aims to respond to guest feedback within three days of the online survey being 

received. 

Hard Rock Hotel Pattaya ensures that guest feedback is reviewed on a weekly basis and shared 

internally at monthly feedback meetings. The hotel strives to respond to all positive and negative 

feedback within 24 hours. A log book is also maintained at the front desk to record verbal feedback.     

Many of our hotels have established standard procedures for guest feedback to ensure a 

standardised approach to obtaining and managing guest feedback. For instance, Hard Rock Hotel 

Penang has developed an operation manual to collect, analyse and communicate guest feedback 

internally, and work towards continuous improvement in their service delivery. Similarly, Hard Rock 

Hotel Bali has established formal policies to enhance the guest experience, ranging from greeting 

guests at the hotel entrance, to escorting guests to their rooms and handling incoming luggage.  




 

12 

 

 

 

Guest satisfaction is a top priority for our hotels and for HPL. Many of our hotels have dedicated 

departments and personnel responsible for managing guest satisfaction. Personnel typically 

responsible for managing this aspect include General Manager, Secretary, Director of Rooms, and 

Quality and Continuous Improvement Management. Verbal feedback and comment cards are 

accepted by the front office management as well as Housekeeping Management. At our Four 

Seasons Resort Bali at Jimbaran Bay and Sayan, the General Manager and the Operational Division 

Head are responsible for managing guest feedback. Whilst a Guest Experience Manager holds the 

role of maintaining guest satisfaction in Holiday Inn Resort Kandooma. Conversely, marketing and 

communications personnel hold the responsibility at Hard Rock Hotel Pattaya. 

PERFORMANCE 

We analyse guest feedback to evaluate the performance of our hotels on a regular basis. Feedback 

from guests staying at the Holiday Inn Resort Kandooma Maldives reveal that they valued the 

hotels efforts to place children at the centre of the hotel experience. The hotel has dedicated a 

kids club and kids pool for their youngest guests. Guest feedback reveals that they feel safe and 

secure throughout their stay, an attribute that is particularly important for guests with small 

children. Guests have also provided positive feedback on the staff and location, citing easy access 

from the airport. Other guests described the island resort as serene and peaceful. The hotel was 

ranked 1st in Asia, Middle East and Africa (AMEA) for HeartBeat (Overall Service) among all 

InterContinental Hotels Group’s properties.   

Our Four Seasons Resorts Bali at Jimbaran Bay and Sayan have showed continuous improvement 

in the LQA ranking growing from 80.7% for first quarter to 82.7% in satisfaction in the third 

quarter in 2017. The Medallia rating showed stronger performance for Four Seasons Resort Bali at 

Jimbaran Bay with a Staff and Service score of 91.5%, while the Coyle rating revealed a stronger 

performance for Four Seasons Resorts Bali at Sayan in 2017. Both hotels have received positive 

reviews on their restaurant services. The Coyle rating further revealed positive review scores for 

Concorde Hotel Singapore, Hard Rock Hotel Bali, and Hard Rock Hotel Pattaya. Each hotel received 

an overall review score above 4 out of 5. Hotel guests typically cited a recommendation rating of 

above 80%, with Hard Rock Pattaya receiving a 100%. Concorde Hotel Singapore’s receipt of an 

Excellence Service Award in November 2017 further demonstrates our performance in this regard.  

The Revinate sentiment analysis is an online system used by our hotels to collect and interpret 

online guest reviews. Data captured through the Revinate statement analysis reveal 74% of guests 

gave a positive rating of Hard Rock Hotel Bali. Similarly, 82% of guests have a positive review of 

Hard Rock Hotel Penang. The hotel’s performance can further be reflected in the awards it has 

received. The hotel was recognised as the Malaysia’s Top 10 Hotels and Resorts 2017 winner by 

Rojaklah.com and received the award for Best Hotel Development at the Dot Property Malaysia 

Awards 2017 held in June 2017.  






 

13 

 

Concorde Hotel Singapore has also received positive recognition from guests, with 83% of guests 

providing a positive review for wait staff. Similarly, the Hard Rock Hotel Bali received positive 

reviews for their bar, security, and recreational facilities (100%). While Hard Rock Hotel Pattaya 

received positive reviews for service (67%). 

We recognise that every guest has the ability to make or break our reputation with a review. As 

such, we are committed to creating a culture that values customer service, and pays due attention 

to guest feedback.  

 


 

14 

 

EMPLOYEE HEALTH AND SAFETY 

 

OVERVIEW 

We provide economic opportunity through employment across our hotels. Our employees are 

committed to ensuring that our guests have a safe and memorable experience whilst staying at 

our hotels. We expect our hotels to maintain excellent occupational health and safety (OHS) 

standards for our employees and guests.  

[This material references disclosures 103-1 from GRI 102: Management Approach 2016] 

MANAGEMENT APPROACH 

Our hotels have developed a number of policies and procedures to ensure OHS is maintained. We 

ensure that our OHS standards are compliant with local legislation and industry regulation. Specific 

regulation that we adhere to in each country include:   

Health and safety policies developed by our hotels  

 

Beach Tsunami Evacuation 

 

Workplace Safety and Health Policy 

 

Boat Rescue Policy 

 

Disturbance Policy 

 

Emergency Response Plan Procedure 

 

Fire Drill and Evacuation Policy 

 

Haze Management 

 

Policy on Health and Safety Procedure 

 

Pool Rescue Policy 

 




 

15 

 

Health and safety legislation ahdered to by our hotels  

Maldives 

 Health and Safety Act of Maldives 

 Employee Act Maldives 

Thailand 

 National Occupational Safety and Health Regulatory Framework 

Indonesia  Disaster and mitigation preparedness procedure 

 Worker compensation policy 

Malaysia 

 Occupational Safety &amp; Health Act 1994 

 Employees Safety &amp; Health Awareness policy statement 

 Notification of Accident, Dangerous Occurrence, Occupation Poisoning and 

Occupational Diseases 2004 

 Establishment of OSH committee Regulations 

 Food Safety Management System 

Singapore  Workplace Safety &amp; Health Act, Chapter 354A of the Singapore Statutes 

 Employment Act, Chapter 51 of the Singapore Statutes 

A number of our hotels have established dedicated committees to manage OHS to ensure a safe 

working environment for our employees. For instance, Holiday Inn Resort Kandooma Maldives has 

established a safety committee. The committee is responsible for regular OHS inspections, and 

hold monthly meetings to discuss any identified areas of concern and thereafter ensure that such 

identified areas of concern are appropriately addressed. Hard Rock Hotel Pattaya have also 

established a safety committee with similar responsibilities. A yearly security audit conducted by 

AON (Global Security Consulting and Design Company) is understaken for the Four Seasons Resort 

Bali at Jimbaran Bay and Sayan, and the results and recommendations are shared with the resorts. 

The two properties also undergo regular inspections from local authorities to ensure OHS standards 

are maintained.  

Many of our hotels have dedicated personnel responsible for maintaing OHS standards. The hotels 

offer training to responsible employees to ensure they have the required certification in place to 

manage OHS. At the managerial level, the general manager, enterprise asset manager and the 

risk manager are in-charge of managing this aspect. In many of our hotels, OHS issues of concerns 

are typically escalated to the Executive Committee. We ensure that our hotels have sufficient 

resources in place to manage OHS effectively. These resources can be allocated to regular third-

party audits and inspections, training, medical check-ups for employees or for the provision of 

personal protective equipment. Our hotels have also invested in technology to continuously 

monitor OHS standards. Some of our hotels, including Holiday Inn Resort Kandooma Maldives, 

Four Seasons Resort Bali at Jimbaran Bay and Sayan, have invested in survellence systems and 

time attendance softwares to increase the safety of their guests and employees.  

[This material references disclosures 103-2 and 103-3 from GRI 103: Management Approach 2016] 

PERFORMANCE 

We record all OHS incidents and track and measure our performance on an ongoing basis. In 2017, 

a total of 1,082 lost days were reported by our hotels. All of our hotels have reported no incident 

of work related fatality for 2017.  

The reporting systems used to track and monitor OHS incidents are tailored to each hotel and 

resort. For instance, at Hard Rock Hotel Bali, the Duty Manager is responsible to raise an accident 

report after investigation. The accident report documents the name of the injured staff, 

department, position, time, place, description or chronology of accident or injury, hotel action, 


 

16 

 

staff action, and the name of Duty Manager. This report is shared on a daily basis. OHS incidents 

are managed by the Safety and Security Department at Hard Rock Hotel Penang. The incident 

report is recorded in a similar fashion but managed through the human resources department. 

Conversely, Four Seasons Resort at Jimabarn Bay and Sayan use an online database to record the 

incident report. At Hard Rock Hotel Pattaya, incidents and accidents are reported using the incident 

reporting system which is kept at the loss prevention office.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

[This material references disclosures 103-3 from GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 and 403-2 from GRI 

403: Occupational Health and Safety 2016.]  

1 Number of fatal and non-fatal work place injuries per 100 employees in 2017 

2 Number of absentee days out of total days worked per employee in 2017 

The above data relates to the seven selected hotels for the year ended 31 December 2017. 

Definitions for ‘lost days’, ‘injury’, and ‘absenteeism’ are provided below: 

 

Total number of lost days refers to time (‘days’) that cannot be worked (and are thus ‘lost’) 

as a consequence of a worker or workers being unable to perform their usual work because 

of occupational disease or accident.   

 

Injury refers to non-fatal or fatal injury arising out of, or in the course of work. 

 

Absenteeism refers to a worker absent from work because of incapacity of any kind, not 

just as the result of work-related injury or disease. Absentee excludes permitted leave 

absenses such as holidays, study, maternity or paternity leave, and compassionate leave.  

PERFORMANCE METRICS 

To ensure continuous improvement, we have established the following goals for FY2018.  

Goals: 

 

Reduction of injury rate  

 

Reduce absenteeism rate and lost days  

 

[This material references disclosures 103-2 from GRI 103: Management Approach 2016] 

 



Number of Lost 

Days   

 1,082 



Number of 

Absentee Days2 

0.5 

 



Injury Cases (per 

100 Female 

employees)1 

6.9 



Injury Cases (per 

100 Male 

employees)1 

8.1 


 

17 

 

EMPLOYEE TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

OVERVIEW 

We are committed to achieving excellence in order to stay ahead of our competition and gain 

market share. Employees play a large role in ensuring the successful operation of a hotel: from 

providing excellent services, to ensuring guest satisfaction, employees are the back-bone to the 

successful operation of the hotels. We believe that training our employees will build efficiency in 

work, secure employee retention, ensure guest satisfaction and help build our reputation. Hotels 

located in Thailand, Indonesia and Malaysia are required to deliver employee training to ensure 

that labour standards are maintained. Regulation includes the Skill Development Promotion Act 

2002 in Thailand, the Indonesian Labour Law (Law No. 21 of 1999) and country regulations in 

Malaysia that involve contributions to the Human Resource Department Fund.  

[This material references disclosures 103-1 from GRI 103: Management Approach 2016] 

MANAGEMENT APPROACH 

In addition to upholding laws and regulations on employee training and development in the 

countries that we are operating, HPL has developed its own policies relating to training and 

development that are applied consistently across hotels managed by HPL. We have developed the 

following three policies: 

 

Policy on Training and Development 

 

Policy on Department Trainers 

 

Policy on Training Committee  

HPL has developed a Hotel and Resort Policy on Training and Development. The policy covers 

training and development processes and practices for HPL managed hotels. The policy was 

developed to aid the delivery of training and development in an effective, systematic and 

comprehensive way.  

Under the policy, HPL managed hotels must develop an employee training plan which should 

include programmes in the Training Roadmap. The HPL Hotel and Resort Policy on Training and 

Development covers areas of commitment by the hotels, roles and responsibilities of every division, 

annual property training plan (for HPL managed hotels) and budget, training priorities, and training 

procedures. With such efforts, we hope to build a competent, effective and happy workforce in 

HPL hotels and resorts. 

The Training Roadmap is a suite of mandatory programmes for the four job families or levels of 

staff: Rank &amp; File, Supervisors, Managers and Department Heads. 

Examples of the Mandatory Programmes include: 

 Great Guest Experience Workshop 

 Working Safely 

 Personal Effectiveness 

 Train-the-Trainer 1 

 Coaching the Team 

 Leading Team Performance 

 The Pulse 

 Management Synergy 

 

 

 


 

18 

 

Training and development in HPL managed hotels goes through a complete cycle of a training 

needs analysis to develop a training plan, the implementation of the plan, and the evaluation of 

the completed training to determine effectiveness of the training and development interventions. 

In addition, every property has a training and development leader who is responsible to champion 

and manage the training and development system and initiatives.  

Our Four Seasons Resorts Bali at Jimbaran Bay and Sayan provide training on compliance for jobs 

that are technical in nature, leadership training and training on departmental standard procedures 

i.e. payments and industry credit card handling trainings. The two hotels also have 13 policies on 

corporate learning which focus on various aspects of training and development. Some of our hotels 

provide trainings to create awareness among the employees to foreign cultures. For instance, 

Holiday Inn Resort Kandooma Maldives, provides culture awareness trainings to all employees, 

specifically frontline staff.  

In addition, all of our hotels offer orientation and/or on-boarding training for employees within 

their first few months of employment. This on-boarding training typically includes mandatory 

courses and is supplemented with additional training courses. 

[This material references disclosures 103-2 and 103-3 from GRI 103: Management Approach 2016] 

PERFORMANCE 

In 2017, our hotels and resorts recorded 19.8 average training hours for management, 48.3 for 

non-management staff. Average training hours provided to female employees in 2017 was 42.1 

hours, and 48.9 hours to male employees. In July 2017, Hard Rock Hotel Penang received the HPL 

Best Training and Development Practices Award. 

Significant financial, human and technology investments are allocated to manage employee 

training and education. In many of our hotels, the Training and Development Manager typically 

leads the training functions. However, in some of our hotels, the responsibility may be attributed 

to the General Manager, Department Heads, Talent Development Manager and/or Director of 

Human Resources. All our hotels set aside budget for training and development, based on the 

training plan developed for the particular year. Some of our hotels also provide e-learning and 

online courses for training their employees. 

 

 

[This material references disclosures 103-3 from GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 and 404-1 from GRI 404: 

Training and Education 2016] 

1 The above data relate to the seven selected hotels for the year ended 31 December 2017. 

 

 



Average Annual 

Training Hours per 

Management Staff1 

19.8  

per year 



Average Annual 

Training Hours per 

Non-Management 

Staff1 

48.3  

per year 



Average Annual 

Training Hours per 

Male Employee1  

48.9   

per year 



Average Annual 

Training Hours per 

Female Employee1 

42.1  

per year  


 

19 

 

PERFORMANCE METRICS 

To ensure continuous improvement, we have established the following goals for FY2018. 

Goals: 

 

Staff to complete all the mandatory trainings within the year 

 

To set annual learning goals and standard testing goals 

 

Every employee receives equal opportunity to join the training programme 

 

The training is based on operational needs and gives a positive impact to operation  

 

To create a learning organisation 

 

Ensure an effective Training &amp; Development system in providing relevant training 

intervention for employees  (Internal Processes/Systems perspective) 

 

[This material references disclosures 103-3 from GRI 103: Management Approach 2016] 


 

20 

 

ENERGY  

OVERVIEW 

 

We are committed to upholding environmental standards across our hotels. As owners, operators 

and managers of luxury hotels and resorts, we are aware of our energy consumption and our 

impact on the environment.  

[This material references disclosures 103-1 from GRI 103: Management Approach 2016] 

MANAGEMENT APPROACH 

Our hotels are compliant to laws and regulations set by national governments on energy and 

standards. In addition, HPL has developed additional policies to minimise energy consumption 

across the hotels managed by the Group.  

Our hotels and resorts have several employees managing the environmental aspects to ensure 

adverse impacts are minimised. In most hotels, the engineering team (especially the chief 

engineer) implements and tracks energy saving ideas. In some of our hotels, the general manager 

works alongside the chief engineer to manage the environmental aspects of the hotels.  

 

 

 



Four Seasons Resorts  

Our Four Seasons Resorts Bali 

(Jimbaran Bay and Sayan), are 

governed by the Four Seasons 

Corporate Office Environmental 

policy and Four Seasons Bali 

Sustainability policy 



Hard Rock Hotel 

Hard Rock Hotel Penang 

Policy and Procedures 

entails Energy Management 

Program   



Hard Rock Hotel 

Under the Operations Manual 

(Engineering Operations Review), 

Hard Rock Hotel Pattaya has 

preventive maintenance policy on 

energy systems and water 

conservation  



Concorde Hotels  

Hotels are required to meet 

minimum energy consumption 

guidelines regulated by Green Mark 

Certification guidelines and 

standards. 


 

21 

 

Highlights of our efforts to reduce our energy consumption  

 

Energy Monitoring and Reporting 

The engineering department is responsible for 

monthly and annual reporting of energy usage, 

including the Property Operational Maintenance 

Energy Cost (POMEC) at the Hard Rock Hotel in 

Pattaya. The usage figures are recorded and shared 

with the government. 

LED Lighting 

All our hotels have taken steps to replace all 

incandescent and halogen lighting to LED lighting in 

public spaces, guest bedrooms, meeting rooms. LED 

lights are known to have a lifespan and energy 

efficiency greater than conventional lights. 

 

 

Temperature Control 

In the Hard Rock Hotel in Penang, the air 

conditioning temperature in the guest bedroom has 

been changed to digital control and the vacant room 

temperature has been set to 25OC. Running air 

conditioning temperature at 25OC will help consume 

less energy.  

Employee Training on Energy Conservation 

Training of hotel and resort staff is essential to bring 

awareness on ways to reduce energy use. Holiday 

Inn Resort Kandooma Maldives processes are in 

place for employee training in maintaining safety 

standards and protection.  

 

 

 

Effective Energy Management System 

Building Automation system (BAS) control energy 

management system has been installed in several of 

our hotels and resorts to monitor and control the air 

conditioning system operation hours. Hard Rock 

Hotel Penang has set aside a budget to upgrade the 

system for better saving opportunities. 










 

22 

 

 

Efficient Energy Management in Property 

Coordination between several departments is needed 

to ensure energy conservation. In the Hard Rock 

Hotel in Bali, the engineering team liaise with room 

division for systematic room allocation, in order to 

shut down guest bedroom blocks, chiller and heat 

pumps during low season.  

Green Certificate Awards 

Special committee or persons are appointed in our 

hotels to manage energy reducing initiatives. In 

Concorde Hotel Singapore, consultants have been 

appointed to oversee the chiller replacement and 

submission of Green Certificate Award.  

 

[This material references disclosures 103-2 and 103-3 from GRI 103: Management Approach 2016] 

PERFORMANCE 

We are committed to reducing our energy use as a way of mitigating adverse impacts on the 

environment. The total energy consumed in our seven selected hotels for 2017 was 335,178 GJ. 

Fuel consumed comes mainly from non-renewable resources, the chief fuel source being electricity. 

Our total electricity consumption for 2017 was 194,392 GJ. We are committed to reduce our annual 

electricity consumption, and supporting a transition from the use of non-renewable sources to the 

use of renewable energy sources. 

 

 

[This material references disclosures 302-1 from GRI 302: Energy 2016] 





14,000

14,500

15,000

15,500

16,000

16,500

17,000

17,500

Jan

Feb

Mar

Apr

May

Jun

Jul

Aug

Sep

Oct

Nov

Dec

Total Electricity Consumption (GJ)


 

23 

 

PERFORMANCE METRICS 

To ensure continuous improvement, we have established the following goals for FY2018. 

Goals: 

 

Reduce consumption per occupied room on annual basis 

 

Reducing the annual utility consumption by 2018 

 

Reducing the annual utility consumption by 2018 

 

Improve energy cost per occupied room for electricity 

 

Energy management by establishing a tight control on consumption 

 

Replace guestrooms plumbing devices-taps, shower heads with water saving models 

 

Replace lightings in public areas, guestrooms with LED fittings 

 

[This material references disclosures 103-2 from GRI 103: Management Approach 2016] 

 

 


 

24 

 

WATER 

OVERVIEW 

The resource of water connects every aspect of life. Water scarcity is listed as one of the largest 

risks in terms of impact over the next decade. We recognise that the hospitality industry has a 

high water footprint, due to the room and leisure facilities that we provide to our guests, such as 

swimming pools, showers and cleaning facilities, which demand the use of water.  

[This material references disclosures 103-1 from GRI 103: Management Approach 2016] 

MANAGEMENT APPROACH 

Our hotels have implemented various policies and procedures to reduce water consumption within 

their facilities.  

Many of our hotels have implemented various initiatives to increase the use of recycled water in 

their facilities. For instance, Holiday Inn Resort Kandooma Maldives uses recycled water from a 

sewage treatment plant in the staff room flush tank. Hard Rock Hotel Bali also uses recycled water 

from the waste treatment plant for outdoor landscaping.  

Our hotels actively seek to identify and repair leakages to avoid water loss. For instance, Four 

Seasons Resort Bali at Jimbaran Bay and Sayan have processes in place to repair leakages from 

swimming pools. The hotels have also hired a vendor to identify underground pipe leakages using 

acoustic camera.  

The innovative use of technology is also used by Hard Rock Hotel Penang. The hotel has installed 

a self-closing water taps for all guest and staff basin water taps. The hotel has also installed battery 

operated water tap for toilets.  

Our hotels and resorts have undertaken several actions to ensure water conservation. Hard Rock 

Hotel Bali has installed a stop valve for their shower to save water. The hotel has also installed 

LED indicator sensor in their toilet urinal. This not only helps save water due to repeated flushing 

but also improves hygiene. Concorde Hotel Singapore has the provision of private meters to 

monitor daily water usage for different areas such as cooling towers, swimming pool, kitchen, and 

tenant usage. To increase rain water collection, the Holiday Inn Resort Kandooma Maldives has 

undertaken the initiative of building rain water collection tanks for water collection in order to 

reduce the demand for energy from consuming desalinated water. These rain water collection 

tanks are connected to the main water tank to be used for daily operations.[This material references 

disclosures 102-11, 103-2 and 103-3 from GRI 103: Management Approach 2016] 

PERFORMANCE 

We are committed to reducing our water consumption as a way of mitigating adverse impacts on 

the environment. The total water consumed in seven of our hotels for 2017 was 1,129,372 m3. 

Our hotels consumed 52% of water from municipal sources, 40% from ground water sources and 

8% from saltwater sources. We are committed to reduce our annual water consumption. Our water 

consumption data has been captured using daily meter readings. We also track the consumption 

of water within our facilities on a monthly basis. 


 

25 

 

 

[This material references disclosures 303-1 from GRI 303: Water 2016] 

0

20,000

40,000

60,000

80,000

100,000

120,000

Jan

Feb

Mar

Apr

May

Jun

Jul

Aug

Sep

Oct

Nov

Dec

Total Water Consumption in 2017 (m3)

8%

52%

40%

Water Consumed by Source (%)

Saltwater

Municipal Water

Ground Water


 

26 

 

PERFORMANCE METRICS 

To ensure continuous improvement, we have established the following goals for FY2018. 

Goals: 

 

 

 

Reduce impact to the environment 

 

Ensure the proper usage of water through water usage campaigns   

 

Monitor water consumption daily 

 

Use of recycled water for gardening 

 

Maintain records of water consumption 

 

Trend consumption figures to track variation or excessive use  

 

Regular walk-through/audit of the water systems 

 

Collection of data from audit results for analysis and identification of water 

conservation measure 

 

Regular energy management meeting attended by representatives from various 

departments/sections 

 

Awareness training to all hotel staff on water conservations measures 

 

Compliance with government regulated programmes and practices 

 

[This material references disclosures 103-2 from GRI 103: Management Approach 2016] 

 

 


 

27 

 

OUR COMMITMENT TO SOCIETY AND THE ENVIRONMENT  

SOCIAL INITIATIVES 

HPL is committed to giving back to the community in which we operate. Our properties have 

undertaken several initiatives in 2017 and collaborated with various charitable organisations to 

raise funds to support community development.  

Rock the Duck  

This was a fundraising event held by Hard Rock 

Hotel Penang on 27 May 2017, to build zinc roof 

tops in schools and provide school supplies to 

school children. The beneficiary for this fundraising 

event was Sekolah Kebangsaan Pendidikan Khas 

Persekutuan. 

 

 

Luncheon for Giving Thanks 

To honour the brand’s founders and celebrate its 

birthday on 14 June 2017, Hard Rock Hotel Pattaya 

organised a special luncheon for Pattaya City 

Environmental 

Department 

crews, 

garbage 

collectors and public area cleaners in Pattaya City. 

This was to acknowledge the importance and effort 

of the cleaning workers who work towards 

maintaining cleanliness around Pattaya city. 

Working with the Hearing-impaired  

Hard Rock Hotel Bali worked with SLB B Sidakarya, 

Denpasar, which is a school for hearing-impaired 

students, to build a hearing group class, a class 

with audio system for students to learn to lip-read 

and to identify sounds 

 

 

 








 

28 

 

 

Pin Fest 

The pin fest is an annual event for Hard Rock Hotel 

Penang to raise funds through pin trading, raffles 

drawing and other activities. The event was held on 

30 April 2017 with Foodbank Penang as the 

beneficiary. The amount raised for this was RM 

4,000 

 

Rock the School Project 

Rock the School Project is a programme to support 

school students in Grade 7 through to Grade 12 

(Age 13-18) from low income backgrounds by 

granting funds for their education through a 

committee formed by the Hotel executives and 

School officials. The scholarship is designed to help 

the student and respective families buy uniforms, 

books, stationery and for the student to participate 

in extra-curricular educational activities. Currently, 

in 2017, twenty scholarships from Hard Rock Hotel 

Pattaya were awarded to government school 

students to study in Grade 7-9; each student would 

be receiving a fund of THB 28,000 per year until 

they graduate at grade 12. 

 

 

Rock to Rock Run 2017 

Rock to Rock Run was a charitable run organised 

on 21 May 2017, by Hard Rock Hotel Penang, to 

raise funds to build an assembly shelter for Sekolah 

Kebangsaan Batu Ferringhi. The main beneficiary 

for this event was SK Batu Ferringhi. The total 

amount raised was RM 70,000. 

 

Rock the Lunch Program  

Initiated by Hard Rock Hotel Pattaya in 2011, ‘Rock 

the Lunch’ supports Hard Rock Hotel employees to 

visit selected schools which have a limited budget 

for children’s meals, to prepare and serve them 

lunch. Talented employees from the hotel put on a 

live concert and show in conjunction with Hard 

Rock Heals Foundation so that the children have 

fun and leave energised. Rock the Lunch takes 

place on a monthly basis. 

 

 

 










 

29 

 

Training for Future Employment 

Over the years Concorde Hotel Singapore has 

trained 34 students, out of which 13 have been 

converted to full time employment after graduation 

in Housekeeping and Kitchen operations. As of 1 

November 2017, the hotel has nine full time 

employment and one trainee. 

 

 

 

 

 

Flood Relief 

Hard Rock Hotel Penang donated pillows to Ayer 

Itam District after the flash floods hit Penang, on 

10 November 2017 

 

[This material references disclosures 102-12 from GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016] 

 

 

 

 






 

30 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL INITIATIVES 

Our properties are located in scenic locations, surrounded by natural beauty. To protect and 

preserve these natural attractions, our hotels take several steps to operate in a way that conserves 

the environment and preserves the beauty surrounding the properties, and at the same time, bring 

awareness to guests on the conservation initiatives of these valuable ecosystems.  

 

 

 

Turtle &amp; Manta Project 

 

Maldives is known for its marine biodiversity. Holiday Inn Resort Kandooma Maldives has undertaken 

several initiatives to conserve this biodiversity. The Hotel’s Assistant Recreational Manager (former 

biologist) along with a Marine Biologist work together to maintain and promote the conservation of 

the biodiversity around the resort.  

 

Holiday Inn Resort Kandooma Maldives participates in a government sponsored initiative to document 

migration patterns of Manta Rays and Turtles. This allows scientists around the world to learn about 

their life-cycle, population dynamics, and general habitat. Whilst the Manta’s are in no danger of 

being hunted, the turtle population used to be under attack from poachers for their meat and shells. 

Through a nationwide project, both species are now thriving in a protected environment.  

 

The Hotel’s Assistant Recreational Manager and the Marine Biologist, engage with our guests on a 

daily basis as they encourage all visitors to visit the underwater world through a series of briefings 

and guided tours around the resort and the nearby coral reefs. All new crew members are also given 

a thorough briefing in order to understand and promote the resort initiatives. 

 




 

31 

 

 

 

The Reefscaping Project 

 

The “Reefscaping Project” is a coral regeneration project geared to create an artificial reef around 

the resort. Hotel guests are encouraged to “sponsor” frames where live coral will be attached and 

then planted on the reef bed. In optimal conditions, the coral will grow several inches a year. 

Snorkelers swim to a healthy reef and search for healthy coral that has broken off due to the waves 

or marine life. This is then brought back to the resort and guests are able to tie the pieces on to the 

frame using cable ties. As the coral grows, the cable ties will no longer be visible.  

 

Each frame is tagged with a specific guest ID and guests are updated every four months with images 

of their frame so they too can track the progress and be involved even if they are back home. The 

coral that is optimal for this project is from the “Acropora” family and will result in “Finger corals”, 

“Branching coral” and “Table corals”. Once the reef takes life, it will provide sanctuary for smaller 

fish from bigger fish until they are of size to freely swim in the ocean. 

 

[This material references disclosures 102-12 from GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016] 

 




 

32 

 

OTHER ENVIRONMENTAL INITIATIVES 

A Tree for the Future  

A tree planting exercise was carried out in 

Hard Rock Hotel Penang on 11 November 

2017, organised by Majlis Bandaraya Pulau 

Pinang 

in 

conjunction 

with 

“Program 

Penanaman Pokok Ameniti Serentak Peringkat 

Negeri Pulau Pinang”. Ten trees were planted 

around the hotel premise. 

 

 

Save Our Rainforest Race 

Hard Rock Hotel Penang organised a race to 

create 

awareness 

amongst 

younger 

generations on conserving forests and the 

biodiversity with it. The race was conducted 

on 25 March 2017. It was organised by Majlis 

Pelantikan Penggerak Komuniti Muda Pulau 

Pinang (PEKA) and sponsored by the hotel. 

Waste Is Resource 

Four Seasons Resort Bali at Jimbaran Bay and 

Sayan have appointed an outside vendor to 

recycle resort waste. The hotels also organised 

a resort beach cleaning programme in 

February 2017 with the help of a third party.  

 

 

Protecting Natural Ecosystems 

Hard Rock Hotel Bali held a beach clean-up 

exercise in Kuta beach in the months of 

January, February, March and September 

2017. The hotel also organised Mangrove 

Plantation program with the local fishermen 

from Kelompok Nelayan Wanasari, Tuban. 

 

[This material references disclosures 102-12 from GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016] 

 










 

33 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

TABLE OF GRI CONTENT INDEX  

GENERAL DISCLOSURES 

General 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Page number(s) and/or Remark(s) 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

2016 

102-1 Name of the organisation 

ABOUT HOTEL PROPERTIES LIMITED 

102-2 Activities, brands, products 

and services 

ABOUT HOTEL PROPERTIES LIMITED 

102-3 Location of headquarters 

ABOUT HOTEL PROPERTIES LIMITED 

102-4 Location of operations 

ABOUT HOTEL PROPERTIES LIMITED 

102-5 Ownership and legal form 

ABOUT HOTEL PROPERTIES LIMITED 

102-6 Markets served 

ABOUT HOTEL PROPERTIES LIMITED 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

ABOUT HOTEL PROPERTIES LIMITED 

102-8 Information on employees 

and other workers 

Information not available 

102-9 Supply chain 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

102-10 Significant changes to 

organisation and its supply chain 

ABOUT HOTEL PROPERTIES LIMITED 

102-11 Precautionary principle or 

approach 

HPL does not specifically address the principles 

of the Precautionary approach. 

102-12 External initiatives 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

OUR COMMITMENT TO SOCIETY AND THE 

ENVIRONMENT 

102-13 Membership of 

associations 

Not applicable 

STRATEGY 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

2016 

102-14 Statement from senior 

decision-maker 

BOARD STATEMENT 

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

2016 

102-16 Values, principles, 

standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

BOARD STATEMENT 

GOVERNANCE 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

2016 

102-18 Governance structure 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

2016 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

102-41 Collective bargaining 

agreements 

Information not available  

102-42 Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

GUEST SATISFACTION 


 

34 

 

102-44 Key topics and concerns 

raised  

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

MATERIALITY REVIEW 

GUEST SATISFACTION  

REPORTING PRACTICE 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

2016 

102-45 Entities included in the 

consolidated financial statements 

Refer to Annual Report 

 

102-46 Defining report content 

and topic boundaries 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

BOARD STATEMENT 

GUEST SATISFACTION  

102-47 List of material topics 

MATERIALITY REVIEW 

102-48 Restatements of 

information 

Not applicable 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

Not applicable 

102-50 Reporting period 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

102-51 Date of most recent 

report 

Not applicable 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

102-53 Contact point for 

questions regarding the report 

We welcome your feedback on how our 

sustainability practices can be improved. Please 

send your feedback to 

sustainability@hotelprop.com.sg 

102-54 Claims of reporting in 

accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

102-55  Content Index 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

102-56 External assurance 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

CATEGORY: SOCIAL 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY  

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material 

topic and its boundary 

EMPLOYEE HEALTH AND SAFETY 

103-2 The management 

approach and its components 

EMPLOYEE HEALTH AND SAFETY 

103-3 Evaluation of the 

management approach 

EMPLOYEE HEALTH AND SAFETY 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety 2016 

403-2 Types of injury and rates 

of injury, occupational diseases, 

lost days, and absenteeism, and 

number of work-related fatalities 

EMPLOYEE HEALTH AND SAFETY 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material 

topic and its boundary 

EMPLOYEE TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

103-2 The management 

approach and its components 

EMPLOYEE TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

103-3 Evaluation of the 

management approach 

EMPLOYEE TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

GRI 404: 

Training and 

Education 

2016 

404-1 Average hours of training 

per year per employee 

EMPLOYEE TRAINING AND EDUCATION 


 

35 

 

CATEGORY: ENVIRONMENTAL 

ENERGY 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material 

topic and its boundary 

ENERGY 

103-2 The management 

approach and its components 

ENERGY 

103-3 Evaluation of the 

management approach 

ENERGY 

GRI 302: 

Energy 2016 

302-1 Energy consumption within 

the organisation 

ENERGY 

WATER 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material 

topic and its boundary 

WATER 

103-2 The management 

approach and its components 

WATER 

103-3 Evaluation of the 

management approach 

WATER 

GRI 303: 

Water  

303-1 Water withdrawal by 

source 

WATER 

 

[This material references disclosures 102-55 from GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016]

 

 

 

