


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

2017


HOTEL ROYAL  京华

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017

2

Dear Shareholders,

At Hotel Royal, we believe that the Group’s success is not only appraised through its financial performance, 

but also through the value that we create for our stakeholders, particularly in how we manage our hospitality 

business sustainably, and in the way we treat our operating environment and community at large. We truly 

believe that our business interests must be aligned with socio-environmental priorities in order to build lasting 

enterprises for future generations.

It is with this in mind that we submit our full Sustainability Report for FY2017, which seeks to comply with the 

guidelines of the SGX-ST Listing Rule 711A. Based on the Materiality Matrix that identifies and expounds on the 

strategic priorities of Management and our stakeholders, this Report takes into account the feedback that 

we continue to receive from our engagement with our stakeholders, and as we encounter new challenges 

in the business environment.  

 

The Board, through Hotel Royal’s management committee, oversees sustainability within the Group, 

including the integration of key elements of sustainability management into the Group’s strategy, risk 

governance, daily operations and reporting.  We hope that our sustainability initiatives will lead to increased 

value creation in the years to come, and that our shareholders and investors will find this Report useful.  

DR LEE KENG THON

Chairman

31 August 2018

FOREWORD

BY THE CHAIRMAN




HOTEL ROYAL  京华

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017

3

ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE

Hotel Royal’s sustainability strategy is developed 

and directed by the senior management in 

consultation with the Board of Directors.  The Group’s 

Sustainability Committee, which includes senior 

management executives, is led by the Group’s CEO. 

It is tasked to develop the sustainability strategy, 

review its material impact, consider stakeholder 

priorities and set goals and targets. It also collects, 

verifies, monitors and reports performance data for 

this Sustainability Report.

CONTENTS OF THE REPORT

Our Report will begin with a review of the material 

aspects that both stakeholders and the Company 

view as being critical to the success and sustainability 

of the Company. We will seek to assess any changes 

in these material aspects when compared to the 

preceding year, where applicable, and look into 

issues that may have a large variance.  These may 

include changes to the business environment, 

stakeholder feedback and sustainability trends.

HOTEL ROYAL’S SUSTAINABILITY POLICY  

Hotel Royal Limited is a hospitality group that places 

much emphasis on executing a sustainable business 

strategy with profitability and shareholder value as 

foremost priorities. As a responsible corporate citizen 

operating in Singapore and the Asia-Pacific region, 

the Group’s values are articulated in the following 

principles:

1.  Code Of Conduct And Business Ethics  

Our Group adopts a Code of Conduct and Business 

Ethics that stipulates the principles of our conduct 

and business ethics that apply to all of the Group’s 

employees. This Code covers areas such as conduct 

in workplace, business conduct, protection of the 

Company’s assets, confidentiality of information 

and conflict of interest, etc.

We have also established a whistle-blowing 

mechanism to aid in the reporting of corporate 

misconducts, if any. We do not engage in child 

labour or take unethical means, directly or indirectly, 

to provide business services in our day-to-day 

operations. By “indirectly”, we are saying that we 

do not engage in business with partners, suppliers 

or third party manufacturers that are known to use 

unethical means in their business processes.

2.  Health, Safety And The Environment

Management of health, safety and the environment 

is high on our list of priorities. We continuously seek to 

minimise the impact of our activities through water 

and energy conservation, as well as having a robust 

workplace safety management programme.  

Please refer to the section on Corporate Social Responsibility 

on Page 36 of our FY2017 Annual Report.

3.  Employees

We believe in engaging and developing our 

staff to their fullest by providing opportunities for 

development and growth.  

Please refer to the People Report on Pages 38 – 41 of our 

FY2017 Annual Report.

4.  Community

We believe in giving back to the society through 

supporting 

various 

charitable 

initiatives 

and 

community projects.  Please refer to the section on 

Corporate Social Responsibility on Page 36 of our 

FY2017 Annual Report.

STATEMENT OF ASSURANCE

It should be pointed out that while the financial 

statements in the Report are audited by independent 

auditors, we rely on our internal process to verify 

the accuracy of the ESG performance data and 

information presented in this Report.

AVAILABILITY

A PDF version of the full Report will be available for 

download at our investor relations pages of our 

website – hotelroyal.listedcompany.com, or at the 

SGX website.

ABOUT THIS REPORT


HOTEL ROYAL  京华

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017

4

MATERIALITY MATRIX

The Materiality Matrix maps out the significant ESG 

and economic factors that impact our business, 

as well as insights gained from stakeholder 

engagements.  It helps us to focus our efforts in 

paying attention to the values that are critical to 

the success of our business as well as the priorities of 

various stakeholders.  It is reviewed regularly, taking 

into account the feedback that we receive from our 

engagement with a wide variety of stakeholders, 

broader sustainability trends and the issues facing 

the hospitality industry.  

At the moment, the scope of the Sustainability 

Report is limited to our Singapore assets only, namely, 

Hotel Royal Singapore and Hotel Royal@Queens. 

However, we hope to expand the coverage of the 

Report by including our assets in Malaysia, Thailand 

and New Zealand in the near future.

 

MANAGING SUSTAINABILITY - 

IDENTIFICATION OF KEY SUSTAINABILITY ISSUES 

The Group has adopted the following Materiality 

Matrix approach to identify and prioritise key 

sustainability issues. Feedback was gathered from its 

stakeholders who formed the basis for determining 

the Matrix.

HIGH

HIGH

LOW

SHAREHOLDERS’ 

PRIORITIES

HOTEL ROYAL’S 

PRIORITIES

Community Engagement

Customer Satisfaction

Service Quality

Business Continuity

Customer Retention

Employee Relations

Corporate Governance

Work Place Safety

Risk Management

Environment Management

Innovation

OUR STAKEHOLDERS

STAKEHOLDERS

HOTEL ROYAL’S COMMITMENT

ENGAGEMENT METHOD

FREQUENCY

INVESTORS

Maximise shareholder value 

through our corporate 

strategies and business 

fundamentals

• Annual General Meeting

• IR Website 

• Emails

Annually/

Throughout the 

year

CUSTOMERS

Maximise customer satisfaction 

through delivering quality 

service and products

• Ongoing operations

• Collaterals

• Guest feedback channels

• Website

Ongoing

EMPLOYEES

Maximise the full potential 

of our people resources 

through continual employee 

development and training

• Induction programmes for 

new employees

• Staff training and 

development

• Regular emails and meetings

• Recreational and wellness 

activities

• Employee feedback 

channels

• Appraisals

Throughout the 

year

PARTNERS

Build strong partnerships 

with regulatory and non-

governmental organisations 

in the pursuit of the best 

in environmental, health 

and safety standards in our 

operations

• Regular meetings, including 

new policies and practices

• Conferences and forums

Throughout the 

year

COMMUNITY

Minimise environmental  

impact and contribute to  

the communities where we 

operate in

• Outreach programmes

• Sponsorship of events

Annually/

Throughout the 

year


HOTEL ROYAL  京华

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017

5

10%

15%

35%

39%

20%

17%

30%

33%

BY NATIONALITIES

BY AGE

GROUP EMPLOYEE PROFILE

Singaporeans

Malaysians

Thai 

Others

21-30 years old

31-40 years old

41-50 years old

Above 50 years

Based on feedback from our various stakeholders, 

we have shortlisted the following material factors 

based on valuable insights that we have gained 

from our stakeholder engagement efforts, as well as 

factors that Management deems to have potential 

material impacts to our business operations. These 

are reviewed from time to time.

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION, 

RETENTION &amp; SERVICE QUALITY

The ability to retain existing customers and the ability 

to attract new customers are absolutely mission 

critical to business sustainability. At Hotel Royal, 

we prioritise our strong relationships with our guests 

and customers by continually striving to improve 

our service standards and product quality, and 

making our guests feel completely at home.  Every 

year, we aim to achieve a minimum score of 80% in 

our Customer Satisfaction Surveys and a minimum 

of 12 compliments for every complaint received. 

Our senior management teams are fully committed 

to reading every feedback form submitted by  

our guests and will take the necessary follow-up 

action.

EMPLOYEE RELATIONS

Operating in a service-oriented industry such as our 

hospitality business, having committed employees 

to deliver our service promise is absolutely crucial.  

Across our operations in Singapore, Malaysia and 

Thailand, the Group has a total 815 employees as at 

31 December 2017 (2016: 772 employees) delivering 

quality service to our guests and customers. With 

our established policies and procedures, coupled 

with a structured staff development programme, 

we continually ensure that our staff are motivated 

and incentivized to fulfill our brand promise. 

We continued to maintain a healthy balance in the 

gender diversity amongst our employees.  

 

2017 

2016

Men 

97 (43%)  

121 (54%)

Women 

129 (57%)  102 (46%)

Total staff in Singapore 

226  

223


HOTEL ROYAL  京华

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017

6

Our employees are the Group’s brand personified, 

and we place a high priority in equipping them to 

deliver quality service from day to day, focusing on 

service deliverables such as projecting distinctive 

service posture, well-appointed rooms, competitive 

room rates, as well as security and safety standards. 

Our vision is to be the preferred hospitality group 

for the mid-market leisure and corporate travel 

segment, and our performance is often measured 

against the best in class, particularly since we are 

one of the few hotel management companies that 

hold the ISO, Singapore Quality Class Star (SQC Star) 

and Singapore Service Class certifications.

 

2017 

2016 Change (%)

Total training hours 

1,774 

2,372 

(25.2)

Average training 

hours per employee 

7.9 

10.6 

(25.5)

At our Singapore hotels, the total number of hours 

spent on staff training declined by 25.2% to 1,774 

hours in 2017 and  average training hours per staff 

similarly dipped by 25.5% to 7.9 hours due to a 

tighter workforce.  However, more time was spent 

guiding our service providers on the job.

Our training objectives are to instill in our staff the 

four service deliverables – namely, customer service, 

attitude, recognition, and efficiency – inspired by 

our service credo, “We CARE”. It is our hope that 

as we train our staff to achieve optimal level of 

performance, thereby creating a culture that is in 

line with our service credo. 

WORKPLACE SAFETY

 

2017 

2016

Workplace 

0 

0

injury rate

Accident 

0 

0

frequency rate

Accident 

0 

0

severity rate

Protecting the health and safety of our employees is 

a key priority at Hotel Royal.  We seek to emphasise 

the importance of health and safety in the 

workplace and instill a culture of responsible, safe 

work practices that are in line with the Government’s 

regulations.  

In each of our hotels, there are workplace safety 

and health (WSH) committees that recommend, 

monitor and review safety procedures while 

identifying and red-flagging potential risks.  Ensuring 

that our practices are in line with the best practices 

of the industry, each of these committees has put 

in place reporting procedures for all accidents and 

injuries at the workplace. 

In addition, we send our staff for training in 

workplace safety and first aid in the event of a 

medical emergency. In addition, they are also 

trained in handling fire hazards at the work place, 

and participate regularly in fire drills and evacuation 

exercises.  

During the year in review, no incidents from our 

hotels were reported.




HOTEL ROYAL  京华

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017

7

BUSINESS CONTINUITY &amp; RISK MANAGEMENT

Recognising that material ESG issues are also key 

to the Group’s sustainable growth, Hotel Royal 

upholds a robust risk and control framework that is 

designed to provide reasonable assurance that our 

strategic business decisions continue to enhance 

stakeholder value, while complying with the 

necessary legal and regulatory requirements.  

In order to respond resiliently to changing market 

conditions, it is important for the Group to take a 

proactive and structured approach to identifying 

and managing our risk profiles in order to support 

the Group’s strategic performance. Such risks 

include those pertaining to the overall market, 

credit, operations, legal and finance.  

Over the years, we have successfully infused the 

strict discipline of strategic risk management, 

which also includes material ESG issues, into all of 

our decision-making processes. ESG issues are in 

fact strategic risks that may be near or longer-term 

in nature. In identifying these material issues, the 

Group seeks to ensure that pertinent implications of 

legislative and regulatory changes as well as socio-

economic and reputational drivers are effectively 

and efficiently managed. As a group, Hotel Royal 

will proactively seek to integrate sustainability 

considerations into its businesses, mitigate risks and 

continuously improve business operations to deliver 

stakeholder value.   

For more detailed discussions of our Risk Management 

initiatives, please refer to pages 74 to 75 of our FY2017 

Annual Report. 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Listed on the Main Board of the Singapore Exchange 

since 1963, the Group is unwaveringly committed to 

the best practices of corporate governance for its 

long-term sustainability.

Driven by our strong sense of creating value and 

corporate 

transparency, 

the 

Group 

believes 

in developing sound, consistent policies and 

practices by complying with the letter and the spirit 

of Singapore’s Code of Corporate Governance.

Please refer to pages 49 to 73 of our FY2017 Annual Report 

for details of our Corporate Governance practices. 

COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT

 

2017 

2016 

Change (%)

Community

investments (S$) 

99,235 

70,000 

41.8

We believe that as a business enterprise, we have 

to do our part to make a positive impact in and 

around us, fostering goodwill in the communities 

and environment.  We hope to further align our long-

term business strategies with the universal values of 

achieving positive and sustainable outcomes for all 

of our stakeholders.

After all, reaching out to the community is at the 

very core of our corporate social responsibility, and 

an extension of Hotel Royal’s culture of making Every 

Room A Home. Every year, we, together with our 

employees, contribute funds and time to support 

various meaningful causes.

In 2017, the Group’s Singapore hotels further 

increased its contributions to the community by 

nearly 42% to S$99,235 through donations and 

sponsorship of room nights to various arts groups.






HOTEL ROYAL  京华

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017

8

INNOVATION

As an established hospitality group headquartered 

in Singapore, we strive to think out of the box to 

improve our operations so as to reduce impact 

to the environment, improve service to our guests 

and to bring about efficiency to our operations. 

Being innovative does not only mean inventing – it 

is also about making improvements to our business 

processes, enhancing our products and services, 

and making productivity gains to increase efficiency 

and profitability. 

Such is our priority – to incubate a culture of 

innovation amongst our staff across the Group. 

We are pleased that during the year in review, we 

introduced a number of service improvements, 

such as using Whatsapp chat groups to coordinate 

upgrading projects, track daily room reservation 

status, and reporting repairs and maintenance 

matters.  Most of our other initiatives are in the area 

of saving energy at our properties - such as installing 

energy saving and sensor-activated lightings in 

common areas, sensor-activated taps and toilet 

equipment.

ENVIRONMENT MANAGEMENT 

 

 

2017 

2016 Change (%)

Energy usage (GJ) 

27,914 

28,718 

(2.8)

Carbon footprint 

4,504 

4,634 

(2.8)

(tonnes CO2 e)

Water usage 

131,589 

132,939 

(1.0)

(cubic metres)

Hazardous and 

non-hazardous  

1,193 

1,115 

7.0

waste (tonnes)

The Group supports Singapore’s reaffirmation of its 

commitment to the Paris Agreement and its pledge 

to reduce the intensity of emissions and to stabilize 

emissions.   In particular, its aim to reduce emissions 

intensity by 36%, from the levels recorded in 2005 by 

2030, and to stabilise its emissions by 2030.  

Our 

environment 

initiatives 

are 

focused 

on 

minimizing the material environmental impact 

of our operations, which include energy, water 

and waste.  We also actively engage staff and 

customers to champion and address some of the 

environmental impacts together.  

During the year in review, we introduced a number of 

initiatives such as installing energy saving and sensor-

activated LED lightings in guest rooms and common 

areas, as well as adjusting the water flow in our guest 

rooms. This resulted in a 2.8% decrease in energy 

usage, and a 1.0% dip in water consumption, while 

our carbon footprint declined by 2.8%. Hazardous 

and non-hazardous wastes rose 7.0% due to the 

higher occupancy rate of our hotels, and higher 

volume of recycled items from guest rooms being 

disposed together with food wastes from our F&amp;B 

outlets.  Moving ahead, we plan to engage a new 

waste disposal company to improve the recycling 

programme in our hotels. Since June 2018, we have 

also embarked on a campaign to  educate our 

guests and staff to “Love food, not waste”, and are 

pleased to see encouraging initial results. 

 

Our previous efforts, such as tapping solar energy to 

generate hot water, and installing environmentally 

friendly VRV air-conditioning systems, continued to 

reap benefits to the Group. Every little act goes a 

long way, even the simple acts of switching off lights 

during the lunch period, and collecting rainwater 

to water the plants and wash common areas.  In 

2016, Hotel Royal Singapore installed dispensers 

for hot, warm and cold water on all floors, and 

ceased distributing bottled drinking water to the 

guest rooms. In addition, Hotel Royal Singapore has 

joined Hotel Royal @ Queens as a smoke-free hotel 

- all guest rooms and suites have been designated 

as no smoking zones.




HOTEL ROYAL  京华

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2017

9

36 Newton Road Singapore 307964

Fax : +65 6253 8668

Phone : +65 6426 0168

Email : royal@hotelroyal.com.sg

ir@hotelroyal.com.sg

Company Reg. No. 196800298G

