
 

1 

 

 

 HOTUNG INVESTMENT HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 (Incorporated in Bermuda) 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

 

Hotung Investment Holdings Limited (“HIHL”) is pleased to present to you with its 

sustainability report (“this Report”) for the financial year ended of 2017.  As Hotung 

International Co., Ltd. (“HIC”) is HIHL’s subsidiary, this Report will also cover HIC’s operation. 

 

Board Statement 

The Board of Directors of HIHL, being responsible for the strategic direction of HIHL, is aware 

of the importance in the integration of environment, society and governance (“ESG”) 

considerations.  As an investment company, ESG considerations are reflected in the Group’s 

investment strategies and policies.  Management’s investment decisions are made in light of 

these ESG considerations.  Management’s attention is drawn to be guided by the SGX 

Sustainability Reporting Guide and Practice Note in their investment decisions.  The Board 

reviews and monitors material ESG factors in its review of the new investments of the Group.  

With respect to the Group management and employees, sustainability considerations are 

reflected in our performance based employee remuneration and service conditions which are 

designed to attract and retain talent in a conducive work environment. 

 

The following Group investments underscore the ESG drive: 

 

Environment 

 

Green energy and technology 

˙ Kinestral Technologies, Inc. develops technologies that transform glass into responsive, 

intelligent, and green architectural elements, allowing natural light to shine in as well as 

effectively reducing building energy consumption. 

 

˙ Nanjing Kuailun Technology Intelligent Co., Ltd. is a technology-driven enterprise 

focusing on short-distance travel solutions, including electric scooters, single-wheel and 

duo-wheel self-balancing transporters as well as electric skateboards. 

 

˙ CNano Technology Ltd. improves power and energy density, extends battery cycle time 

and enhances safety.  

 

 

Agriculture/ food safety  

Chingsong Lohas Technology Agricultural Inc. supplies a range of fresh products to 

green grocers and supermarkets.  It especially assists customers to safeguard the 

process from seed to table, and ensures growers to adopt the accepted method of 

farming practices. 

  

Society 

 

Education 

 

ALO7 Limited is the largest digital ELT (English Language Teaching) product and 

solutions provider in China.  It aims to open windows for children so they can learn 

about the world including cultural diversity, creating global citizens and future leaders 

with the knowledge and the ability to bravely say "Hello!" to the world.  

 

Governance 

It is well recognized that when a corporate takes good care of its employees, a strong 

workforce is thus built to lead the team moving forward with strong and steady steps.  The 

 




 

2 

 

Group bears this faith in mind and carries out the attempts as providing ongoing professional 

learning for all employees.  Recent training and education include: 

 

 

Blockchain. 

 

AI and Big Data application in medical field. 

 

Information management and personal data protection. 

 

Gender, skill and experience have been addressed as diversity indicators material to business 

sustainability.  HIC employees’ male to female ratio is 48% to 52%; key management 

personnel of male to female ratio is 3:2.  Return to work rate of employees who took parental 

leave is 100%. 

 

Regular Business Continuity Planning rehearsal ensures the Group’s personnel and assets 

remain secure or restore swiftly when encountering disasters. 

 

 

 

 

