
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 

2020 

 

Date: 31 May 2021 

HUATIONG Global Limited 

 




2 

 



 

 

TABLE OF CONTENT 

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN 

 

 

 

 

 

03 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

04 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

 

 

 

 

 

05 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

 

 

 

09 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT  

 

 

 

 

 

12 

IDENTIFYING OUR FOCUS 

 

 

 

 

 

 

13 

 

WATER AND ENERGY CONSUMPTION 

 

 

 

14 

 

WASTE DISPOSAL AND MANAGEMENT 

 

 

 

17 

 

EMPLOYMENT 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

21 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

 

 

 

24 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

 

 

 

 

 

28 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

30 

 


Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 3 

 

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN 

 

 

Dear Valued Stakeholders,  

 

On behalf of the Board of Directors (“Board”), I am 

pleased to present our Sustainability Report (“SR”) for 

Huationg Global Limited (“Huationg” and together with 

our subsidiaries, the “Group”) for the financial year 

ended 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”). 

 

This report aims to communicate our Group’s 

sustainable practices in terms of environmental, social 

and governance (“ESG”) aspects which we have 

embedded into our business operations.  

 

The Board is committed to sustainability as part of our 

business operations and fully supports the adoption of 

the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(the “SGX-ST”) sustainability reporting guidelines for all 

listed companies. Our Board also overseeing our overall sustainability direction and strategies 

and evaluate the sustainable practices from time to time to ensure that these practices are of 

continued relevance to our operations. 

 

The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted our industry severely in year 2020 as it caused delays 

to projects with unforeseen project stoppages. However, we are glad to announce that the 

Group is in the midst of completing a post COVID-19 designed dormitory which will house 

10,400 pax, where the management and operations will be fully handled by our Group’s 

subsidiary in 2021. Phase 1 of the dormitory is now in operation. We expect the Dormitory 

Business to contribute positively to our FY2021 results. 

 

As our business practices evolve through this challenging business environment, we are 

grateful to all stakeholders who have supported us through this journey of discovery and how 

we emerge stronger to a more sustainable and resilient future.  

 

 

 

Mr. Ng Hai Liong 

Executive Chairman 

 




Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 4 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

Report Methodology 

 

This report is prepared in accordance with Rules 711A and 711B of the SGX-ST Listing 

Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist Rules”) and the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) 

Standards Sustainability Reporting Guidelines 2016 - Core Option and its reporting principles. 

 

We have adopted the GRI reporting framework for its robust regime and detailed guidance on 

which offers an internationally-recognised benchmark for the disclosure of governance 

approaches, the environmental, social and economic performance and impacts on 

organisations. The GRI content index and relevant references are provided at the end of this 

report. 

 

Reporting boundaries 

 

The report is prepared in accordance with GRI Principles for defining report content including: 

 

 

Report Scope 

 

This report covers the period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020, which is in line with 

our Group’s financial year end. Our Group has not sought any external assurance for this 

sustainability report. As part of our conservation efforts to go paperless, this report is provided 

in electronic format only and is available for download on our website at http://www.huationg-

global.com and at SGXNet. 

 

Report Contact and Feedback 

 

We value your feedback as part of our continued efforts to improve our sustainability initiatives 

and we encourage you to contact us through the following channels: 

➢ In writing to: Huationg Global Limited No. 9 Benoi Crescent Singapore 629972  

➢ Via our contact page at http://www.huationg-global.com./contact.html 

 

•Focusing on issues that impact business growth and are of utmost importance to 

stakeholders.

Materiality

•Responding to stakeholder expectations and interest.

Stakeholders Inclusiveness

•Persenting performance in the wider context of sustainability.

Sustainability Context

•Including all information that is of significant economic, enviornmental, social and 

governance impact to enable stakeholders to assess our Group's performance.

Completeness


Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 5 

 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

Background 

 

Our Group is one of the leading civil engineering service providers, with over 30 years of 

presence and track record in large infrastructure projects in Singapore.  

 

Founded in 1983 and listed on the Catalist of the SGX-ST since 9 December 2014, Huationg 

Global Limited is headquartered in Singapore and focusing on the following 3 pillars which 

drive our businesses along the sustainability journey. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

CIVIL ENGINEERING SERVICES 

We provide a full range of civil engineering services from earthworks, infrastructure works, 

external works, demolition and excavation works, site clearance, drainage works, reinforcing 

bar installation, formwork, concrete installation, backfill and compaction to final handover. 

 

INLAND LOGISTIC SUPPORT 

We provide inland logistics support through the provision of a wide range of construction 

equipment, including, among others, tipper trucks, compactors, excavators, concrete pumps. 

 

SALE OF CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS 

We sell construction materials such as sand and granite aggregates, recycled concrete 

aggregates and Liquefied Stabilised Soil ("LSS"). We also manufacture and supply LSS, a 

self-flowable, self-compacting and self-leveling alternative to conventional compacted fill. 







CIVIL ENGINEERING 

SERVICES 

INLAND LOGISTIC 

SUPPORT 

SALE OF 

CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS 


Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 6 

 

Corporate Structure 

 

 

 

 

OUR VISION 

Provision of value-added integrated solutions in civil engineering to various stakeholders and safely 

deliver projects on time for our customers.  

We also strive to enhance growth of our industry by fostering new ideas and innovation, creating 

long-term value for our stakeholders. 

 

OUR CORE VALUE 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Huationg Global 

Limited

100%

Soil Engineering 

Pte Ltd

100%

Huationg 

Contractor Pte Ltd

100%

Banyan Capital Pte 

Ltd

33.3%

Golden Empire-

Huationg Pte Ltd

75%

HT Equipment Pte 

Ltd

100%

Changi East Dorm 

Private Limited

51%

Changi East Dorm 

Dwall Private Limited

Teamwork 

Integrity 

Integrity 

Excellence 

Employee 

Recognition 

Safety 

Innovation 


Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 7 

 

Supply Chain 

 

Huationg believes that sustainable supply chain management can be a robust driver of value 

and success for our business. However, our supply chain had been severely impacted by the 

COVID-19 pandemic throughout the financial year. During these challenging times, we 

recognise the importance to maintain a sustainable supply chain by working closely and 

maintaining collaborative relationship with our partners, suppliers and subcontractors. 

 

In order to resolve the disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, our operation team has 

switched the shipping method of raw materials from sea shipping to air freight and also 

increased the inventory holding level of raw material to ensure projects can continue with 

minimal disruptions.  

 

 

SUPPLY CHAIN ASSURANCE 

 

A set of stringent selection and evaluation criteria has been established to assess and ensure 

the suppliers and subcontractors’ performance align with our quality standards, social and 

environmental principles. The criteria that we examine our key suppliers and subcontractors 

includes the quality of the products and services provided, financial health, reputation in the 

industry and market, and sustainability efforts undertaken by our suppliers and subcontractors 

such as effective health and safety system, environmental management and ethical conduct. 

This supplier selection process also ensures that we provide equal and fair treatment to all 

our suppliers and subcontractors. 

 

We also recognise the importance of performing periodic checks and assessments for our 

existing suppliers to ensure that the products and services provided by them have maintained 

its quality consistently and aligned with our business requirements and sustainability 

objectives. 

 

 


Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 8 

 

Awards, Certificates and Memberships of Association 

 

As testament to our commitment towards maintaining high standards of environmental, safety 

compliance and management, our Group has received numerous awards and accreditations 

such as BizSAFE Level Star and BCA Green and Gracious Builder Award. 

 

 

 

Some subsidiaries of our Group are registered with Singapore Contractors Association Ltd 

under the following trade registrations:  

 

 

 

These subsidiaries are admitted to the Registry of Singapore List of Trade Subcontractors. 

 

 

In addition, we support the objective of Waste Management &amp; Recycling Association of 

Singapore (the “WMRAS”) to promote recycling in order to create a more sustainable living 

environment and one of our subsidiaries is also an ordinary member of the WMRAS.  

 

 

 

BizSAFE Level Star 

Certificate

BCA Green and 

Gracious Builder 

Award

ISO 9001: 2015 

ISO 14001:2015

ISO 45001-2018

CS01  - Road Works, 

Pipe and Cable 

Installation, Road 

Instatement and 

Maintenance

CS03 - Concreting

CS10 - Demolition

CS11 - Soil 

Investigation, 

Stabilisation and 

Earthwork Services


Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 9 

 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

Sustainability Approach 

 

Under the leadership of our Board, we integrate sustainability principles into our businesses. 

Our Board oversees our sustainability direction, strategies and is supported by our 

management team.  

 

 

 

We actively engage our key stakeholders, especially during this period of volatility to 

understand and evaluate their needs to ensure their expectations are in line with our value 

creation strategy. 

 

Corporate Governance 

 

Our Group is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance and business 

conduct to ensure our Group’s long-term success, as well as safeguarding the interests and 

maximising value for our stakeholders. We strive to conduct our business activities in a socially 

and environmentally sustainable matter. We understand the importance of good corporate 

governance, greater transparency and accountability in our businesses.  

 

Our Group have adopted a framework of corporate governance policies and practices in line 

with the principles and provisions set out in the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the 

“2018 Code”). Details of our compliance to each of the principles and provisions listed in the 

2018 Code are disclosed in the corporate governance report of our Annual Report. Any 

deviations from the guidelines in the Code, if any, will be duly explained. 

 

 

•Provides strategic direction and specifically considers sustainability issues as 

part of  its strategic formulation

•Determines material ESG factors and ensures that they are monitored and 

managed

•Evaluate the sustainable practices from time to time to ensure that these 

practices are of continued relevance to our operations

The Board

•Assists the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities for our Group's sustainability 

initiatives

•Implement sustainability related initiatives cascaded from the Board, 

ensuring a clear and consistent approach across our Group

Management team


Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 10 

 

Code of Conduct 

 

Our Group’s Code of Conduct is established in the Employees’ Handbook which is made 

known to all our employees. It serves as a central guide and reference to our employees on 

our expectations and principles of workplace behaviours. Our Group advocates a “zero 

tolerance” and strict stance against bribery and corruption. All employees are expected to fully 

comply with the Code of Conduct.  

 

Declaration of Conflict of Interest 

 

Our Group have established a set of policy and procedures on declaration of potential conflict 

of interests for our employees to abide by. All employees of our Group are required to declare 

and disclose any situation where their private businesses or personal interest conflict with 

those of our Group. 

 

Whistle-Blowing Policy 

 

Huationg promotes constructive dialog with employees and provides avenues for employees 

to raise their concerns, suspected fraud, corruption, and dishonest practices. Our Group has 

a whistle-blowing policy whereby employees may, in confidence, raise concerns about 

possible irregularities in financial reporting and/or other matters. The policy defines the 

processes clearly to ensure independent investigation of such matters and permits whistle 

blowers to report directly via email to any of the Whistle-Blowing Committee members. 

 

Our whistle-blowing policy also defines the processes clearly to give insights to our employees 

on the types of incidents that are reportable. A copy of our whistle-blowing policy can be found 

in our Employee Handbook, which is made known to all our employees. 

 

The Whistle-Blowing Committee comprises of all members of the Audit Committee, of which 

all are Non-Executive and Independent Directors. The whistle-blowing committee will direct 

an independent investigation to be conducted on the complaint when received. The Audit 

Committee (the “AC”) has the power to conduct or authorise investigations into any matter 

within the AC’s scope of responsibility, and if it deems appropriate, may engage independent 

advisors at our Group’s expense for the purpose of resolving the complaint. Findings from any 

investigations shall be reported to the AC for their further action. 

 

 

 


Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 11 

 

Enterprise Risk Management Framework 

 

Our Group strives for sustainable business growth through strict corporate governance 

compliance and risk management practices. Risk management is a vital aspect of our 

business activities and decision-making process.  

 

An Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) framework was established to identify, manage and 

mitigate any significant risks of our Group, as well as to capture opportunities that our Group 

can potentially leverage on to meet our business objectives. The Risk Committee, comprising 

our Chief Executive Officer as the Chairman and 3 independent directors as members, 

oversees the risk management of our Group. Regular reviews on our Group’s strategic, 

financial, operational and compliance risks are carried out through a precautionary approach.  

 

ERM OBJECTIVES 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The ERM framework includes half-yearly reports to our Board regarding current and emerging 

risks and mitigating measures in place. This enables us to be vigilant and prepared while 

managing recognised risks in an efficient and structured manner. 

 

Provide assurance 

to the Board and 

stakeholders on the 

adequacy and 

effectiveness of the 

internal control 

system 

Update risk register 

using an established risk 

management 

methodology 

Provide direction to 

the management for 

their oversight on 

the risk function 


Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 12 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

Huationg values all stakeholders and their feedback as integral parts of our business. We 

actively engage our key stakeholders through various channels to understand their concerns 

in order to align the business interest and ultimately to generate sustainable value in the long-

run. We have identified 6 stakeholder groups who are significant to the Group’s business and 

operations. The key topics and the engagement platforms are as follows:  

 

Stakeholders 

Key Topics 

Engagement Platform 

Employees 

 

• 

Occupational health and safety 

• 

Fair employment practices and 

compensation 

• 

Training &amp; development 

• 

Performance 

• 

Work-from-home arrangement 

• 

Staggered working hours 

• 

Employee Handbook 

• 

Trainings 

• 

Performance appraisals 

• 

Grievance / feedback channels 

• 

Internal communication through 

emails 

• 

Team bonding activities 

• 

Annual appreciation dinner 

• 

Staff exit interviews 

Customers 

• 

Product / Service quality 

• 

Project timeliness, requirements and 

specifications 

• 

Workplace safety 

• 

Information and data security 

• 

Feedback on completed projects 

• 

Regular meetings 

• 

Feedback channels such as email 

and telephone communications 

• 

Corporate website 

• 

Site visits  

• 

Virtual meetings  

 

Suppliers/ 

Consultants/ 

Subcontractors  

• 

Product / Service quality 

• 

Project timeliness, requirements and 

specifications 

• 

Workplace safety 

• 

Pricing and payment terms 

 

• 

Regular meetings 

• 

Timely feedback regarding 

material/services provided 

• 

Site visits 

• 

Virtual meetings  

 

Shareholders 

&amp; Investors 

 

 

 

 

• 

Business strategy and directions 

• 

Financial performance 

• 

Dividend pay-out 

• 

Shareholders' meetings 

• 

SGX announcements  

• 

Corporate website and email 

Government &amp; 

Regulators 

 

 

 

 

• 

Corporate governance 

• 

Compliance with rules and regulations 

• 

Sharing of industry best practices 

• 

Government publication / 

written communication 

• 

Industry networking functions 

• 

Seminars conducted by the 

regulators 

• 

SGXNet 

Community  

• 

Clean and safe environment for the 

community 

• 

Keep neighbours informed of possible 

disruption in their lives 

• 

Green and gracious environment 

• 

Meetings 

• 

Notices 

• 

Charity events 

 

 

 












Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 13 

 

IDENTIFYING OUR FOCUS 

 

With continuous engagement with our stakeholders and ERM procedures in place, we have 

assessed the following 5 material aspects continues to be relevant and important to our 

business model and strategy.  

 

 

Water and Energy 

Consumption



Waste Disposal and 

Management



Employment



Occupational Health and 

Safety



Training and Education




Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 14 

 

Water and Energy Consumption 

 

Environmental sustainability is one of the key tenets to construction industries worldwide and 

our Group recognises how we can contribute positively and tackle issues such as water 

scarcity and global warming.  

 

In water-scarce Singapore where Huationg’s business is operating, effective management of 

both the consumption and quality of water at our project sites is extremely important and our 

Group continues to conserve and reduce water consumption through various initiatives. 

 

A considerable amount of energy is required to run our operations involving construction 

activities. We recognise the importance of our role in managing energy consumption to 

promote environmental sustainability and cost savings. 

 

 

 

 

In FY2020, we have consumed a total of approximately 692,260 kWh of electricity energy and 

104,800 cubic meters of water. The reduction in electricity consumption was mainly due to the 

suspension of most construction projects during the Circuit Breaker. The slight increase in 

water consumption was in line with our project requirements. 

 

692,260 

990,750

0

200000

400000

600000

800000

1000000

1200000

Singapore

Electricity Consumption (kWh)

Electricity Consumption in 

FY2020 and FY2019

FY2020

FY2019

104,800

98,780

0

20000

40000

60000

80000

100000

120000

Singapore

Water Consumption (Cubic Meter)

Water Consumption in 

FY2020 and FY2019

FY2020

FY2019


Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 15 

 

Water Conservation Initiatives 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Aside from using recycled water, we also process sewage water and rain-water for daily 

operation to minimise the use of fresh water. We encourage our employees and customers to 

cultivate water-saving habits by raising awareness on the importance of water conservation. 

Our offices use water efficient fittings that come with half-flush mechanism and self-release 

water taps. 

 

 

 



Recycled water 

Processed sewage water 

Rain water 

Cleaning of 

amenities 

Washing of 

muddy water 

shoes 

Wheel 

washing bay 

Dust control 

and planting 

Recycle water from ECM used for wheel 

washing bay  


Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 16 

 

Electricity Conservation Initiatives 

 

We adopt the usage of energy efficient equipment and incorporate eco-friendly practices in 

our business such as energy efficient lightings, inverter air conditioning systems and 

appliances endorsed with “Green Label”. We encourage our employees to switch off lights 

and electrical appliances in the office when not in use. Regular maintenance of our equipment 

was conducted to optimise energy efficiency.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Our Group had adopted several on-going green initiatives to reduce its carbon footprint. Some 

initiatives include the selection of other electrical power supply such as AC Grid power supply 

and the installation of solar panel system to supply clean power for our site equipment such 

as total suspended solids monitoring devices, CCTV, robotic traffic control and noise 

monitoring system. 

 

We constantly educate our employees on how to implement the Reduce, Reuse and Recycle 

(“3Rs”) initiatives in their daily work operations, energy saving tips on using less air-

conditioning and the benefits of car-pooling. 

 

Subsequent reporting for FY2021 

 

Moving forward, we strive to continue monitoring the level of water and electricity consumption 

in FY2021 and identify new initiatives to improve efficiency in water and energy management.  

 

 







Reminder to switch off 

power when not in use  

Solar source for our noise 

monitoring system  

Solar panel for robotic 

traffic controller 


Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 17 

 

Waste Disposal and Management 

 

Waste management is one of the biggest challenges that Singapore is facing. We, as a 

responsible corporation, are committed to manage and minimise the impact of our business 

operations on the environment by actively minimising waste produced during our operations.  

 

Our approach to waste management starts with using natural resources wisely and efficiently, 

accompanied with the conservation of energy and water. Our Group minimises waste through 

the 3Rs’ approach - reduce, reuse and recycle. Disposal containers are placed around the 

project sites at designated areas for proper waste disposal. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Briefings were conducted regularly to guide workers for proper disposal of waste at the project 

sites. Materials such as timber and metal were reused at our site where possible or otherwise, 

sent for recycling and other non-recyclable construction wastes were collected by licensed 

Types of 

Waste

Timber

Concrete

Steel waste

Electronic 

waste

Papers and 

toners

Recycle Waste Bin 

Metal Waste Bin 

Wood Waste Bin 

General Waste Bin 










Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 18 

 

contractors. Construction waste collected by 

these 

contractors 

will 

be 

segregated 

accordingly at respective sites before being 

transported to government landfills or 

incinerators. 

 

Our Group has established a Green and 

Gracious 

Best 

Practices 

(“GGBS”) 

Operations Manual, including a detailed 

policy and procedures for waste disposal and 

management as well as our 3Rs Programme, 

which is disseminated to all our employees 

for adherence. 

 

 

We have ongoing programs to raise awareness and encourage the employees and contractors 

to participate in our 3Rs Programme and responsible waste management initiatives. Through 

GGBS Awareness Quiz, we monitor our employees’ awareness on the GGBP and improve 

their knowledge and competency on the GGBS.   

 

Since 2004, we have been recycling construction waste and aggregates to produce recycled 

concrete aggregates, which are typically used for road construction or trench backfilling.  

 

We also manufacture and supply Liquefied Soil Stabilizer (“LSS”), a self-flowable, self-

compacting and self-levelling alternative to conventional compacted fill. LSS, the 

environmentally friendly material can be use as non-structural fill for buildings and other 

structures, as well as for backfill in utility and road construction. LSS reuses soil that has been 

excavated in construction projects and which would otherwise be discarded as waste. 

Compared to conventional compacted fill, LSS also has its advantage of being excavated 

again easily. Such practice serves to reduce the environmental impact with decreased 

dependence on non-recyclable materials. 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Use of system formwork to 

reduce timer usage 

Use of sustainable material LSS 

for slope protection 









Guide worker on proper disposal of different 

types of waste 


Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 19 

 

In addition to efforts to reduce waste disposal, the Group has also adopted the following 

initiatives that are both environmentally friendly and productivity driven.   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Adoption of system formwork for its better casting quality and productivity, shorter 

assembling and dismantling time, environmental friendly due to its reusability and safer to 

use as compared to the conventional formwork

Adoption of pre-fabricated RC drains for easy installation, higher structural and 

architectural standards and less concrete wastage at site when compared to the 

conventional cast-in-situ drains

Adoption of high efficiency screener technology to separate rocks, soil, stones and rebar 

for reuse. The tier 3 engine ensures lower fuel consumption, thus reducing carbon footprint



Secretion of Soils/Rock/Stones/Rebar for reuse  

by our High Efficiency Screener 

 




Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 20 

 

Our sites have been using recycled and sustainable materials for non-structural applications 

such as making signages using excess rebars, timber and concrete, and making helmet racks, 

shoe racks using excess metal poles. We reuse safety helmets as flowerpots.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Our suppliers and subcontractors also play a role in helping us achieve our sustainability 

efforts. This, we have included the Green and Gracious Builder Scheme as one of the 

considerations during selection of suppliers and subcontractors. Our supplier evaluation form 

include scoring for suppliers’ Environmental, Health and Safety performance.  

 

Our Group is certified as operating an environmental management system which conforms to 

the requirements of ISO 14001:2015 in the scope of providing building construction and civil 

engineering services as well as the production and delivery of LSS. Our Group also received 

the Green and Gracious Builder Award from the Building and Construction Authority (“BCA”).  

 

Subsequent reporting for FY2021 

 

Moving forward, our Group aim to continue identifying new initiatives to improve the 

effectiveness in waste disposal management. We will also continue to encourage and remind 

our employees to constantly practice the current initiatives in place. 

 





Recycle GI Pipe for fire 

extinguisher stand  

Recycle drum used for ECM water 

pump for protect from mud  


Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 21 

 

Employment 

 

Our employees are recognised as vital assets to us as they ensure smooth-running and 

innovative operation within our Group to achieve our business strategies and sustainable 

growth, and they serve as a point of contact between our customers and our management.  

Hence, we recognise the importance of attracting and retaining a diversified talent pool to help 

inject fresh ideas and perspectives into the Group. 

 

We have in place integrated human capital strategies and policies to enhance our Group’s 

ability to attract and retain top talents as well as to improve employees’ overall performance. 

Our comprehensive Human Resource (“HR”) Policy covers key areas such as staff recruitment 

and selection, remuneration and benefits, performance appraisals, career development and 

training, safety and security and cessation of employment.  

 

Fair Employment Practices and Diversity 

 

We reference our HR practices to the Fair and Progressive Employment Practices formulated 

by Singapore Tripartite Alliance which comprises the Ministry of Manpower (the “MOM”), 

Singapore National Employers Federation and National Trades Union Congress. We embrace 

diversity by hiring and retaining talents based on meritocracy as it ensures equal opportunities 

for growth and development. We recruit and select employees based on their merits, treat 

them fairly and offer equal opportunities for training and development. We conduct 

performance appraisal annually to evaluate the employees’ performance which will increase 

their motivation to work towards achieving their self-development goals. Our Employee 

Handbook is in place and shared to all our employees, which allows for greater transparency 

of HR practices in our Group.  

 

Open Communication and Timely Feedback 

 

In line with our commitment towards creating a 

conducive working environment, we constantly gather 

feedback from employees and communicate with them 

on their concerns and expectation through platforms 

such 

as 

departmental 

and 

project 

meetings, 

performance reviews and tea sessions. Through 

performance reviews and exit interviews, we gather 

feedback from our employees for the continuous 

improvement of our organisation. Furthermore, we 

establish a common understanding and promote an 

inclusive work environment based on mutual trust and 

respect by having open and effective communications 

with our employees. This is key to improving the 

effectiveness and efficiency of our business operations 

and management.  

 

 



Suggestion box for site personnel to 

submit improvement ideas for the 

site or other concerns 




Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 22 

 

Work Environment 

 

Our Group supports employee’s mental and physical wellbeing through provision of secure 

and conducive working environment. We regularly monitor our performance in these areas 

and periodically review our policies so that we provide the best for our employees.  

 

In addition to leave benefits mandated by governmental regulations, we go beyond by 

promoting work-life balance and a healthy lifestyle for our employees. We have a fitness gym 

and badminton courts located at our Headquarter where our employees can enjoy a change 

of pace by working out or playing a game of badminton with their colleagues.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We have always been embracing the philosophy of giving back to the community. However, 

in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic, involvement in physical charity events had been 

placed on hold.   

 

Employee Statistic 

 

 

Senior Management by Gender in FY2020 

 

Senior Management by Gender in FY2019 

 

Male 

 

 

Female  

 

 

Male 

 

 

Female 

82.9% 

 

17.1% 

 

 

84.8% 

 

15.2% 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Non-Managerial Staff by Gender in FY2020 

 

Non-Managerial Staff by Gender in FY2019 

 

Male 

 

 

Female  

 

 

Male 

 

 

Female 

95.3% 

 

4.7% 

 

 

95.8% 

 

4.2% 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





Fitness Gym  

Conducive Dormitory 


Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 23 

 

 

 

 

 

Response to COVID-19 Pandemic 

 

Our Group faced unprecedented challenges brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic where 

it drove us into a very difficult situation of revising our employees’ remuneration for financial 

sustainability. We are glad that our employees have decided to remain and fight with us during 

these hard times.  

 

During the tough time, we also faced shortage of manpower due to the tight border control 

measures implemented. Our Group has been trying to hire local employees to replace those 

who have returned to their home country during the period.  

 

In addition, the recent barring of workers from South Asia due to the rapidly deteriorating 

COVID-19 situation in those countries has exacerbated the acute manpower situation. To help 

the construction sector cope with the manpower crunch, BCA has provided a time-limited 

flexibility to recruit workers from the China without having to enrol in Overseas Testing Centres 

for skill certification. The Group will work with our subcontractors on ways to minimise the 

impact.  

 

Subsequent reporting for FY2021 

 

In FY2021, our Group will continue to practice meritocracy for recruitment and talent retention 

through maintaining open communication and perform periodical reviews for employees to 

ensure that career advancements are rewarded in a fair and just manner. We will also continue 

to take care of our employees’ health and well-being and promote work life balance and health 

lifestyle for our employees. 

 

 

 

23.8%

65.3%

10.9%

Employee by Age Group in 

FY2020

&lt; 30 years old

30-50 years old

&gt; 50 years old

25.6%

64.7%

9.6%

Employee by Age Group in 

FY2019

&lt; 30 years old

30-50 years old

&gt; 50 years old


Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 24 

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

 

Employees’ health and safety are the top priority of our Group given the industry that we are 

operating in has a higher risk of workplace accident as compared to the other industries. We 

are responsible and obligated to provide a safe and healthy environment for our employees, 

subcontractors and customers. The health and well-being of our people ultimately affect our 

Group’s goals and objectives.  

 

Workplace Safety Approach 

Cultivate safety-oriented  

management culture 

 

 

 

 

We believe that safety education and accident prevention is everyone’s responsibility. All 

employees, especially site workers are empowered with the skills and knowledge to take 

ownership of workplace safety. Our management takes responsibility to closely monitor the 

high-risk activities, share near miss accidents that could lead to an accident. We also engage 

with our contractors and consultants through risk reviews and monitoring of environmental, 

health and safety matters. 

 

We educate and ensure our employees understand the safety rules and mandatory use of 

personal protective equipment to prevent injuries. It is compulsory for all our workers to attend 

regular safety and health trainings. These trainings present our WSH policy, highlight 

workplace hazards and potential risk areas of accidents that may occur and introduce our 

Occupational Health and Safety measures. Trainings for specific work activities, such as lifting, 

excavation, work at height, hot work confined space, are provided as and when required. 

These trainings help embed the fundamental concepts of safety into the culture and habits of 

our employees.  

 

Full adherence to the 

legislative requirement 

and adopting 

recommended industry 

standards and 

guidelines

Workplace Safety 

and Health (“WSH”) 

policy sets out 

safety measures 

and risk 

management 

guidelines for WSH 

Hazards in 

construction 

industries

Quality 

Environmental 

Health and Safety 

steering committee 

oversees and 

monitors the 

implementation and 

maintenance of our 

WSH policies and 

practices


Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 25 

 

 Biannual fire drill exercised are conducted on site 

as well as in office as part of emergency 

preparedness procedure to ensure our employee 

are aware of the safety evacuation procedure.  

Frequent reminders are given to employees on 

workplace 

safety. 

Safety 

measures 

and 

occupational health precautions are constantly 

conveyed to employees during the regular meetings 

such as daily toolbox meetings to ensure maximum 

safety protection at worksites. We circulate the WSH 

alerts issued by WSH Council to all the employees 

to remind them the importance of workplace safety. 

The alerts keep the Company and workers informed 

of recent WSH incidents, learning points and provide recommendations on how similar 

incidents can be averted.  

 

We are certified under ISO 45001-2018 in 

Occupational Health and Safety Management. We 

also received BizSAFE Level Star certificate in 

recognition of our ongoing commitment and efforts 

to health and safety. Safety recognition and 

certifications incentivise employees at construction 

sites to maintain and improve the standards of 

health and safety at the sites. 

 

In addition, we have established exclusion zones to 

prohibit 

entry 

of 

non-authorised 

personnel. 

Pedestrian walkway and vehicular paths are clearly 

segregated with barricades to eliminate risk of 

accidents and anti-slip gloves are provided for 

handling glass. We also have implemented the use 

of digital permit-to-work system for some of our projects. It is a versatile platform where digital 

permit-to-work can be submitted, validated and approved through the platform which allows 

easier monitoring of safety processes on site as all key stakeholders have real time access to 

the safety information on site.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Fire Drill Exercise 



Daily Toolbox Meeting – 

Inspect and check PPE 





Provided zinc sheet hoarding 

Anti-slip gloves for handling glass 


Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 26 

 

In 2020, our project manager, Mr Loi Kean Long 

received the Quarterly Airport Safety Awards 

from Changi Airport Group in recognition of his 

contribution for the Aggregate Landing Site. We 

implemented an automated system to monitor 

the position of the barge ramp door which rest 

on the floating pontoon for safe unloading 

operations. The automated system effectively 

reduced the safety risk by removing the need of 

an operator who had to stand on the pontoon to 

monitor the ramp door position and be exposed 

to weather condition and tipper truck. 

 

 

 

In FY2020, there were two (2) work-related accidents reported as compared to one (1) 

accident reported in previous financial year.  

 

Response to COVID-19 Pandemic 

 

Since the outbreak of COVID-19 Pandemic in January 2020, our Group had taken 

precautionary measures and implemented operational protocols in our operations and 

dormitory where our workers stay. Safe Management Officer(s) are appointed to assist in the 

implementation, coordination and monitoring of the system of Safe Management Measures at 

the workplace ensure the safety and well-being of our employees. During the Circuit Breaker, 

construction work for most ongoing projects were suspended, as a responsible contractor, we 

have arranged for employees to periodically attend to construction sites for the supervision of 

essential activities including vector controls, earth control and safety measures.  

 

We continue to encourage and remind employees to wear mask and maintain social distancing 

and split them into teams with staggered start times and break hours. We implemented Smart 

Pass Management Platform which tracks staff’s or visitors’ enter and exit time, performs 

contactless temperature screening, detects and reminds staff or visitor if they do not wear 

mask.   

 

Following the Multi-Ministry Taskforce announced additional measures and restrictions under 

Phase 2 (Heightened Alert) to minimise transmission of the virus on 14 May 2021, we practice 

work-from-home measures and support as many employees in working from home as possible 

help to limit the number of employees exposed at the workplace at any point in time, and 

reduce crowding in common areas, e.g. lobbies, pantries, toilets. Having more employees 

work from home will also help sustain business operations should a case emerge at the 

workplace.  

 

 



 

Quarterly Airport Safety Awards from 

Changi Airport Group  


Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 27 

 

PRECAUTIONARY MEASURES 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Subsequent reporting for FY2021 

 

Looking forward in FY2021, we aim to reduce the number of work-related accidents. We will 

also continue to increase our state of preparedness in the event of any emergency and ensure 

a safe and healthy working environment for our employees.  

 







Safe Distance Practice 

Smart Pass Management 

Platform  – Temperature 

screening and reminder for 

mask wearing  

Sanitising Toilet 





Hand Sanitiser Provided  

Daily Temperature Screening Exercise  


Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 28 

 

Training and Education 

 

Our Group advocates continuous development and advancement for our employees through 

training programs as we believe that this equips employees with the necessary skillset and 

helps enhancing employees’ competitiveness and productivity.  

 

Our orientation programmes are conducted for new employees to familiarise themselves with 

our Group’s key policies, general working environment, corporate culture, and service 

knowledge as well as quality requirements. Workers are briefed on the in-house safety rules 

and regulations regularly and during their first day of induction.  

 

On-the-job trainings are provided by the employees’ immediate supervisors, who share their 

experiences and knowledge, provide guidance and advice, as well as monitor performance of 

individual employee. Experienced workers are assigned to new worker as part of our buddy 

system program.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We empower our staff with skills and experience through a range of learning and development 

programmes coordinated by our Group’s Human Resource department or initialled by staff 

themselves. We regularly send our employees to attend seminars, conferences and trainings 

to improve their technical and functional skills, broaden their knowledge, and ultimately 

increase their productivity and efficiency at work. Our BCA Approved Training and Testing 

Centre (“ATTC”) conducts courses on hydraulic excavator operation which is also opened to 

public. We will continue to impart knowledge and skills on handling the machineries, so as to 

help the workers to improve their work productivity and quality.  

 





Training on Chemical Handling  

Training at ATTC by Operator  



Training on Hydraulic Excavator 

Operation at our ATTC  


Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 29 

 

In FY2020, our employees attended various trainings in both physical and virtual form as 

follows, to name a few: 

 

Physical 

Virtual 

Occupational First Aid Course 

Changi East On-Boarding Training 

Operate Waste Collection Vehicle to Collect 

Waste 

Continuing Education and Training for Gas 

Pipefitting Works 

BCA-REDAS Built Environment and 

Property Prospects Seminar 2020 

Continuing Education and Training for Core 

trade Supervisor  

Building Control Regulations for Site 

Supervisors 

Safe Management Officers (“SMOs” Course 

for Construction 

Legal Impact Covid-19 ACT'20 on 

Construction and Other Contract 

Safe Workplace Training for SMOs 

Apply Workplace Safety and Health in 

Construction Site  

Post Circuit Breakers – Safe Restart / Safe 

Workplaces - Training for SMOs  

 

Due to Covid-19 Pandemic, all in-person trainings were suspended during Circuit Breaker and 

were only gradually resumed under phase three safe re-opening with strict adherence to the 

cohorting requirements must be observed. As a result, our employees had fulfilled less training 

hours in FY2020 as compared to FY2019. The average training hours per employee for 

FY2020 and FY2019 are as follows. 

 

Training 

FY2020 

FY2019 

Average hours of training per employee 

5.5 hours 

8.6 hours 

 

Subsequent reporting for FY2021 

 

Our Group aims to improve the quality of our training courses and increase the current level of 

training hours so that our employees are provided with the necessary competence and skills to 

perform their work in a safe and efficient manner.  

 


Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 30 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI  

Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference / 

Reason for Omission, 

if any 

GRI 102: General Disclosures 

Organisational Profile 

102-1 

Name of the organisation  

Page 3 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Page 5 

102-3 

Location of headquarters  

Page 5 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Page 5 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form  

AR Section “Statistics 

of Shareholdings” 

102-6 

Markets served 

Page 5 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

AR Section “Operating 

and Financial Review” 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers  

Page 21-23  

AR Section “Board of 

Directors and Key 

Executives” 

102-9 

Supply chain  

Page 7 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

Nil 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach  

Page 9 

102-12 

External initiatives (Social initiatives) 

 

Nil 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Page 8 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

Page 3 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

Page 6 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Page 9 

AR Section “Corporate 

Governance Report” 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Page 12 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

Nil 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Page 12 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Page 12 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Page 13 

Reporting Practice  

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Page 6 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Page 4 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Page 13 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

Nil 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Nil 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Page 4 

 


Huationg Global Limited 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 31 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX (Cont’d) 

GRI  

Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference / 

Reason for Omission, 

if any 

Reporting Practice  

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

29 May 2020 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Page 4 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Page 4 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

Page 4 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Page 30-31 

102-56 

External assurance 

Page 4 

GRI 103: Management Approach  

103-1  

Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 9-11 &amp; 

respective section of 

the specific topics 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

 

SPECIFIC TOPICS 

Environment 

Energy 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organisation 

Page 14 &amp; Page 16 

Water 

303-1 

Water withdrawal by source 

Page 15 

Effluents and Waste 

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal method 

Page 17-18 

Social 

Occupational Health and Safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, 

lost days, and absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities 

 

 

Page 24-27 

403-3 

Workers with high incidence or high risk of diseases related 

to their occupation 

Training and Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employee 

 

Page 28-29 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 

assistance programs 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

Page 21-23 

 

 

