
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

HUATIONG GLOBAL LIMITED 

 

2019 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Date: 29 May 2020 

 




 2 

 

Table of Contents 

 

Message From The Chairman................................................................................................................. 3 

About This Report .................................................................................................................................. 4 

Report Methodology ........................................................................................................................... 4 

Report Scope  ...................................................................................................................................... 4 

Report Contact and Feedback ............................................................................................................. 4 

About Our Group .................................................................................................................................... 5 

Corporate Profile ................................................................................................................................. 5 

Corporate Structure  ........................................................................................................................... 6 

Supply Chain ........................................................................................................................................ 6 

Awards, Certificates and Memberships of Association ...................................................................... 7  

Our Approach to Sustainability  ............................................................................................................. 8 

Sustainability Approach ...................................................................................................................... 8 

Corporate Governance ........................................................................................................................ 8 

Code of Conduct .................................................................................................................................. 8 

Declaration of Conflict of Interest....................................................................................................... 8  

Whistle-Blowing Policy ........................................................................................................................ 9 

Enterprise Risk Management Framework .......................................................................................... 9 

Stakeholders Engagement  .................................................................................................................. 10 

ESG Factors  .......................................................................................................................................... 11 

Water and Energy Consumption  ...................................................................................................... 12 

Waste Disposal and Management .................................................................................................... 14 

Employment  ..................................................................................................................................... 17 

Occupational Health and Safety........................................................................................................ 21 

Training and Education ..................................................................................................................... 24  

GRI Content Index  ............................................................................................................................... 26 

 


3 

 

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN 

 

Dear Stakeholders,  

On behalf of the Board of Directors (“Board”), I am pleased to present our Sustainability Report (“SR”) 

for Huationg Global Limited (“Huationg” and together with our subsidiaries, the “Group”) for the 

financial year ended 31 December 2019 (“FY2019”). 

This report aims to communicate our Group’s strong commitment and good corporate governance. It 

also includes accessible information on Huationg’s on-going efforts to its sustainability approach. The 

Board is committed to sustainability as part of our business operations and fully supports the adoption 

of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”) sustainability reporting guidelines 

for all listed companies. 

The Group recognises the importance of maintaining a sustainable business with our stakeholders and 

have identified relevant Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) factors. Our Board oversees our 

overall sustainability direction and strategies, while our management provides regular updates to the 

Board.  

As we prepare this sustainability report, the global COVID-19 pandemic situation is evolving. Since 

January 2020, our Group has implemented Business Continuity Plan and implemented swift protocols 

in our operations. Further to the implementation of Circuit Breaker measures with effect from 7 April 

2020, most of the construction works for our Group’s ongoing projects have been suspended. 

However, we have arranged for employees to work from home for certain key functions and to 

periodically attend to construction sites for essential activities, such as vector controls, earth control 

and safety measures.  

The year 2020 promises to be a dynamic and fluid situation where sustainability issues and risks are 

constantly changing, the Board sees this as an on-going journey where we continue to evaluate 

material ESG factors relevant to our business. 

 

Mr. Ng Hai Liong 

Executive Chairman 

 




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 | HUATIONG GLOBAL LIMITED 

 

 4 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

REPORT METHODOLOGY 

This Report is prepared in accordance with Rules 711A and 711B of the SGX-ST Listing Manual Section 

B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist Rules”) and the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards 

Sustainability Reporting Guidelines 2016 - Core Option and its reporting principles.  

We have adopted the GRI reporting framework for its robust regime and detailed guidance on which 

offers an internationally-recognised benchmark for the disclosure of governance approaches, the 

environmental, social and economic performance and impacts on organisations. The GRI content 

index and relevant references are provided at the end of this report.  

Reporting boundaries: 

 

 

REPORT SCOPE 

This report covers the period from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019, which is in line with our 

Group’s financial year ended 31 December 2019). Our Group has not sought any external assurance 

for this sustainability report. This report is provided in PDF format only and is available for download 

on our website at http://www.huationg-global.com and at SGXNet. 

 

REPORT CONTACT AND FEEDBACK 

We value your feedback as part of our continued efforts to improve our sustainability efforts and we 

encourage you to contact us through the following channels:  

 In writing to: 

Huationg Global Limited  

No. 9 Benoi Crescent  

Singapore 629972  

 

 Via our contact page at http://www.huationg-global.com./contact.html 

 

Materiality

Focusing on issues that impact business growth and are of utmost 

impotance to stakeholders.

Stakeholders 

Inclusiveness

Responding to stakeholder expectations and interest.

Sustainability 

Context

Persenting performance in the wider context of sustainability.

Completeness

Including all information that is of significant economic, enviornmental, 

social and governance impact to enable stakeholders to assess our 

Group's performance.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 | HUATIONG GLOBAL LIMITED 

 

 5 

 

ABOUT OUR GROUP 

CORPORATE PROFILE 

Our Group is one of the leading civil engineering service providers, with over 30 years of presence and 

track record in large infrastructure projects in Singapore. We have been listed on the Catalist of the 

SGX-ST since 9 December 2014. Our Group's businesses can be categorised into three main segments: 

 

 

 



Civil Engineering Services

We provide a full range of civil engineering services from earthworks, 

infrastructure works, external works, demolition and excavation works, site 

clearance, drainage works, reinforcing bar installation, formwork, concrete 

installation, backfill and compaction to final handover.



Inland Logistics Support

We provide inland logistics support through the provision of a wide range 

of construction equipment, including, among others, tipper trucks, 

compactors, excavators, concrete pumps. 



Sale of Constuction Materials

We sell construction materials such as sand and granite aggregates, recycled 

concrete aggregates and Liquefied Stabilised Soil ("LSS"). We also manufacture 

and supply LSS, a self-flowable, self-compacting and self-leveling alternative to 

conventional compacted fill.








SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 | HUATIONG GLOBAL LIMITED 

 

 6 

 

CORPORATE STRUCTURE 

 

 

 

SUPPLY CHAIN 

Our Group is committed to sustainable growth and shared value creation. We aim to build a 

sustainable supply chain by working closely with our partners, suppliers and subcontractors to explore 

means to enhance efficiency and productivity. 

We have been working to improve our supply chain by carefully selecting key suppliers and 

subcontractors through our supplier selection process. Quality checks will be conducted on our key 

suppliers before we engage them to ensure that these suppliers meet our quality standards, social 

and environmental principles. The criteria that we examine our key suppliers includes the quality of 

the products and services provided, financial health, reputation in the industry and market, and 

sustainability efforts undertaken by our suppliers and subcontractors such as effective health and 

safety system, environmental management and ethical conduct. This supplier selection process also 

ensures that we provide equal and fair treatment to all our suppliers and subcontractors. 

We also recognise the importance of performing periodic checks and assessments for our existing 

suppliers to ensure that the products and services provided by them have maintained its quality 

consistently and are in alignment with our business requirements and sustainability objectives. 

 

 













Huationg Global 

Limited



100%

Soil Engineering Pte 

Ltd



100%

Huationg Contractor 

Pte Ltd



100%

Banyan Capital Pte 

Ltd



33.3%

Golden Empire-

Huationg Pte Ltd



75%

HT Equipment Pte 

Ltd


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 | HUATIONG GLOBAL LIMITED 

 

 7 

 

AWARDS, CERTIFICATES AND MEMBERSHIPS OF ASSOCIATION 

As a testament to our commitment towards maintaining high standards of environmental, safety 

compliance and management, our Group has received numerous awards and accreditations. 

Amongst others, those awarded or valid in FY2019 are as follows: 

 

BizSAFE Level Star Certificate 

 

BCA Green and Gracious Builder Award 

 

ISO 9001: 2015  

 

ISO 14001:2015 

 

ISO-SS 506 Part 1:2009 BS OHSAS 18001: 2007  

 

Certificate of Achievement - Safe Man Hours - DRSW Project 

Some subsidiaries of our Group are registered with Singapore Contractors Association Ltd under the 

following trade registrations:  

 

CS01 - Road Works, Pipe and Cable Installation, Road Instatement and Maintenance; 

 

CS03 - Concreting; 

 

CS10 - Demolition; and 

 

CS11 - Soil Investigation, Stabilisation and Earthwork Services.  

These subsidiaries are admitted to the Registry of Singapore List of Trade Subcontractors.  

 

In addition, we support the objective of Waste Management &amp; Recycling Association of Singapore (the 

“WMRAS”) to promote recycling in order to create a more sustainable living environment. One of our 

subsidiary is also an ordinary member of the WMRAS.  

 

 

 

 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 | HUATIONG GLOBAL LIMITED 

 

 8 

 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

Under the leadership of our Board, we integrate sustainability principles into our businesses. Our 

Board oversees our sustainability direction, strategies and is supported by our management team. The 

management monitors our Group’s sustainability performances and reports to our Board on a regular 

basis. This ensures that our Group’s business objectives are in line with our commitments to 

sustainable development.  

We actively engage our key stakeholders to understand their needs and address their concerns. This 

helps us build mutual beneficial relationships with our stakeholders and generate sustainable value 

for them in the long-run. 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Our Group is committed to conduct our business activities in a socially and environmentally 

sustainable matter. We understand the importance of good corporate governance, greater 

transparency and accountability in our businesses. We recognise that a high standard of corporate 

governance and business conduct, is integral in ensuring the sustainability of our business and 

performance, as well as safeguarding the interests and maximising long-term value for our 

stakeholders.  

Our Group have adopted a framework of corporate governance policies and practices in line with the 

principles and provisions set out in the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the “2018 Code”). We 

are committed to maintain good corporate governance by following the principles and provisions set 

out in the 2018 Code. Details of our compliance to each of the principles and provisions listed in the 

2018 Code are disclosed in the corporate governance report of our Annual Report. Any deviations 

from the guidelines in the Code, if any, will be duly explained. 

 

CODE OF CONDUCT 

Our Group’s Code of Conduct is established in the Employees’ Handbook which is made known to all 

our employees. It serves as a central guide and reference to our employees on our expectations and 

principles of workplace behaviours. All employees are expected to fully comply with the Code of 

Conduct.  

 

DECLARATION OF CONFLICT OF INTEREST 

Our Group have established a set of policy and procedures on declaration of potential conflict of 

interests for our employees to abide by. All employees of our Group are required to declare and 

disclose any situation where their private businesses or personal interests conflict with those of our 

Group. 

 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 | HUATIONG GLOBAL LIMITED 

 

 9 

 

WHISTLE-BLOWING POLICY 

Our Group has a whistle-blowing policy whereby employees may, in confidence, raise concerns about 

possible irregularities in financial reporting and/or other matters, such as suspected fraud, corruption, 

dishonest practices etc. The policy defines the processes clearly to ensure independent investigation 

of such matters and permits whistle blowers to report directly via email to any of the Whistle-Blowing 

Committee members. 

Our whistle-blowing policy also defines the processes clearly to give insights to our employees on the 

types of incidents that are reportable. A copy of our whistle-blowing policy can be found in our 

Employee Handbook, which is made known to all our employees. 

The Whistle-Blowing Committee comprises of all members of the Audit Committee, of which all are 

Non-Executive and Independent Directors. The whistle-blowing committee will direct an independent 

investigation to be conducted on the complaint when received. The Audit Committee (the “AC”) has 

the power to conduct or authorise investigations into any matter within the AC’s scope of 

responsibility, and if it deems appropriate, may engage independent advisors at the Company’s 

expense for the purpose of resolving the complaint. Findings from any investigations shall be reported 

to the AC for their further action. 

 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK 

Our Group strives for sustainable business growth through strict corporate governance compliance 

and risk management practices. Risk management is a vital aspect of our business activities and 

decision-making process.  

An Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) framework was established to identify, manage and mitigate 

any significant risks of our Group, as well as to capture opportunities that our Group can potentially 

leverage on to meet our business objectives.  The Risk Committee, comprising our Chief Executive 

Officer as the Chairman and 3 independent directors as members, oversees the risk management of 

our Group. Regular reviews on our Group’s strategic, financial, operational and compliance risks are 

carried out through a precautionary approach.  

The ERM framework includes half-yearly internal reports to our Board regarding current and emerging 

risks and mitigating measures our Group has in place. This enables us to be vigilant and prepared while 

managing recognised risks in an efficient and structured manner.  

 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 | HUATIONG GLOBAL LIMITED 

 

 10 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

We actively engage our key stakeholders through various channels to understand their concerns in 

order to align the business interest and ultimately to generate sustainable value in the long-run. The 

stakeholders have been identified as those who are impacted by the Group’s business and operations 

and those who are able to impact the Group’s business and operations. Six stakeholders groups have 

been identified through an assessment of their significance to the business operations. The key topics 

and the engagement platforms are as follows:  

Stakeholders 

Key Topics 

Engagement Platform 

Employees 

 

Occupational health and safety 

 

Fair employment practices and 

compensation 

 

Training &amp; development 

 

Performance 

 

Employee Handbook 

 

Trainings 

 

Performance appraisals 

 

Grievance / feedback channels 

 

Internal communication through 

emails 

 

Team bonding activities 

 

Annual appreciation dinner 

 

Staff exit interviews 

Customers 

 

Product / Service quality 

 

Project timeliness, requirements and 

specifications 

 

Workplace safety 

 

Information and data security 

 

Feedback on completed projects 

 

Regular meetings 

 

Feedback channels such as email 

and telephone communications 

 

Corporate website 

 

Site visits 

 

Suppliers/ 

Consultants/ 

Subcontractors  

 

Product / Service quality 

 

Project timeliness, requirements and 

specifications 

 

Workplace safety 

 

 

 

Regular meetings 

 

Timely feedback regarding 

material/services provided 

 

Site visits 

Shareholders 

&amp; Investors 

 

 

 

 

 

Business strategy and directions 

 

Financial performance 

 

Dividend pay-out 

 

Shareholders' meetings 

 

SGX announcements  

 

Corporate website and email 

Government &amp; 

Regulators 

 

 

 

 

 

Corporate governance 

 

Compliance with rules and regulations 

 

Sharing of industry best practices 

 

Government publication / 

written communication 

 

Industry networking functions 

 

Seminars conducted by the 

regulators 

Community  

 

Clean and safe environment for the 

community 

 

Keep neighbours informed of possible 

disruption in their lives 

 

Green and gracious environment 

 

Meetings 

 

Notices 

 

Charity events 

 

 














SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 | HUATIONG GLOBAL LIMITED 

 

 11 

 

ESG Factors 

In addition to constant engagements with our stakeholders, our ERM procedures are in place to 

identify, assess and evaluate the sustainability risks which are applicable to the material ESG topics. 

Our material topics will continue to be reviewed on an annual basis, taking into account the various 

stakeholders’ feedback as well as their relevance and materiality to the business, strategy and 

business model.  

For FY2019, we looked into the following material topics for continuous disclosure: 

 

 

 

 



Water and 

Energy 

Consumption





Waste 

Disposal and 

Management





Employment





Occupational 

Health and 

Safety





Training and 

Education














SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 | HUATIONG GLOBAL LIMITED 

 

 12 

 

WATER AND ENERGY CONSUMPTION 

Environmental sustainability is one of the key tenets to construction industries worldwide and our 

Group recognises how we can contribute positively and tackle issues such as water scarcity and global 

warming.  

Water scarcity has increasingly become a prominent global environmental issue that our stakeholders 

are concerned with. The availability of fresh water is a growing challenge as the world’s population 

increases and developing economies continue to grow. With rain patterns changing due to climate 

change, the stability of water supplies is likely to become a more pressing concern every year.  

A considerable amount of energy is required to run our operations involving construction activities. 

We recognise the importance of our role in managing energy consumption to promote environmental 

sustainability and cost savings. 

 

Management Approach and Performance 

Water Consumption 

Our Group minimises the use of fresh water by using alternatives, 

such as recycled water, processed sewage water and rain water for 

our business processes whenever possible. For example, we recycle 

water from earth control measures plant for wheel washing bay, dust 

control, cleaning of amenities, washing of muddy water shoes and 

planting. We encourage our employees and customers to cultivate 

water-saving habits by raising awareness on the importance of water 

conservation. Our offices use water efficient fittings that come with 

half-flush mechanism and self-release water taps. 

 

Electricity Consumption 

We adopt the usage of energy efficient equipment and incorporate 

eco-friendly practices in our business such as energy efficient 

lightings, inverter air conditioning systems and appliances endorsed 

with “Green Label”. We encourage our employees to switch off lights 

and electrical appliances in the office when not in use. Regular 

maintenance of our equipment was conducted to optimise energy 

efficiency.  

 







Washing of muddy water 

shoe using recycled water 







Reminders to switch off 

lights 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 | HUATIONG GLOBAL LIMITED 

 

 13 

 

 

Our Group had also adopted several on-

going green initiatives to reduce its 

carbon 

footprint. 

Some 

initiatives 

include the selection of other electrical 

power supply such as AC Grid power 

supply and the installation of solar panel 

system to supply clean power for our 

site equipment such as total suspended 

solids monitoring devices, CCTV and 

noise monitoring system.   

Our Group has supported Earth Hour 2019 by 

doing our part in following the ‘Lights Off 

Schedule’ for our site offices and HQ 

premise. We ensure that all non-essential 

electric lights were switched off between 

12.30pm to 1.30pm from 25 to 29 March 

2019. We have also sent out broadcasts to 

educate our employees on the efforts to help 

the planet. For instance, our employees were 

educated on how to implement the Reduce, 

Reuse and Recycle (“3Rs”) initiatives in their 

daily work operations, energy saving tips on 

using less air-conditioning and the benefits of 

car-pooling. 

 

The following table shows the water and electricity consumption for FY2019 and FY2018. The increase 

in water and electricity consumption was mainly due to new accounts activated during the second half 

year of 2018 as well as the first half year of 2019. This is in line with our project requirement. 

Water and Electricity Consumption 

FY2019 

FY2018 

Water Consumption (Cubic Meter) 

98,780 

89,000 

Electricity Consumption (kWH) 

990,750 

933,820 

 

Target 

We will continue to monitor the level of water and electricity consumption in FY2020 as we seek to 

find new initiatives to improve efficiency in water and energy management and reduce overall 

consumption rate.  

 

 





Earth Hour 2019 







Use of solar sources for site CCTV 






SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 | HUATIONG GLOBAL LIMITED 

 

 14 

 

WASTE DISPOSAL AND MANAGEMENT 

Proper and efficient waste disposal and management remain as one of the key environmental 

challenges in Singapore’s construction sector. We believe in building a greener future and creating a 

friendlier environment for our stakeholders. Our Group is committed to manage and minimise the 

impact of our business operations on the environment by actively minimising waste produced during 

our operations.  

 

Management Approach and Performance 

Our approach to waste management starts with using natural resources wisely and efficiently, 

accompanied with the conservation of energy and water. The Group minimises waste through 

reducing, reusing and recycling. 

Since 2004, we have been recycling construction waste and aggregates to produce recycled concrete 

aggregates, which are typically used for road construction or trench backfilling.  

We also manufacture and supply Liquefied Soil Stabilizer (“LSS”), a self-flowable, self-compacting and 

self-levelling alternative to conventional compacted fill. LSS, the environmentally friendly material can 

be use as non-structural fill for buildings and other structures, as well as for backfill in utility and road 

construction. LSS reuses soil that has been excavated in construction projects and which would 

otherwise be discarded as waste. Compared to conventional compacted fill, LSS also has its advantage 

of being excavated again easily. Such practice serves to reduce the environmental impact with 

decreased dependence on non-recyclable materials. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 







Usage of pre-cast to minimise rebar 

or concrete use 







Use of sustainable material LSS for slope 

protection 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 | HUATIONG GLOBAL LIMITED 

 

 15 

 

 

Our Group has a detailed policy and procedure for waste 

disposal and management, including a “Reduce, Reuse 

and Recycle (“3Rs”) Programme” which is stated in our 

Green Gracious Best Practices (“GGBS”) Operations 

Manual, and is disseminated to all our employees.  

We have ongoing programmes to raise awareness and 

encourage the employees and contractors to participate 

in 

our 

3Rs 

Programme 

and 

responsible 

waste 

management initiatives. Through GGBS Awareness Quiz, 

we monitor our employees’ awareness on the GGBP and 

improve their knowledge and competency on the GGBS.   

To reduce construction waste and increase productivity, our Group always actively research on 

efficient process for our operations. Amongst others, some of the initiatives the Group continuously 

adopted are:  

 

Adoption of system formwork for its better casting quality and productivity, shorter 

assembling and dismantling time, environmental friendly due to its reusability and safer to 

use when compared to the conventional formwork; and 

 

Adoption of pre-fabricated RC drains for easy installation, higher structural and architectural 

standards and less concrete wastage at site when compared to the conventional cast-in-situ 

drains. 

 

Adoption of high efficiency screener technology to separate rocks, soil, stones and rebar for 

reuse. The tier 3 engine ensures lower fuel consumption, thus reducing carbon footprint. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Workers taking the GGBS 

Awareness Quiz 







Secretion of Soils/Rock/Stones/Rebar for reuse  

by our High Efficiency Screener 






SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 | HUATIONG GLOBAL LIMITED 

 

 16 

 

 

At project sites, visible recycling bins are placed at designated areas for proper segregation of wastes. 

Material such as timber and metal are reused at our site where possible or otherwise, sent for 

recycling. Other non-recyclable construction wastes are disposed according to the relevant disposal 

guidelines. Other construction wastes are collected by licensed contractors. Construction wastes 

collected by these contractors will be segregated accordingly at their respective yards before being 

transported to government landfills or incinerators.  

Our sites have been using recycled and sustainable materials for non-structural applications such as 

making signages using excess rebars, timber and concrete, and making helmet racks, shoe racks using 

excess metal poles. We reuse safety helmets as flowerpots.  

 

Our suppliers and subcontractors also play a role in helping us achieve our sustainability efforts. This, 

we have included the Green and Gracious Builder Scheme as one of the considerations during 

selection of suppliers and subcontractors. Our supplier evaluation form include scoring for suppliers’ 

Environmental, Health and Safety performance.  

Our Group is certified as operating an environmental management system which conforms to the 

requirements of ISO 14001:2015 in the scope of providing building construction and civil engineering 

services as well as the production and delivery of LSS. Our Group also received the Green and Gracious 

Builder Award from the Building and Construction Authority (“BCA”).  

 

Target 

Our Group aim to continue to find new initiatives to improve the effectiveness in waste disposal 

management. We will also continue to encourage and remind our employees to constantly practice 

the current initiatives in place. 

 











Reuse safety helmet 

as flowerpots 



Using S-hook made from 

recycle metal rods 







Empty Hydraulic Drum cut and 

recycled to use as BBQ grill 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 | HUATIONG GLOBAL LIMITED 

 

 17 

 

EMPLOYMENT 

Attracting and retaining a diversified talent pool helps to bring in different ideas and perspectives into 

the organisation and in turn encourage innovation and growth. Our employees serve as a vital point 

of contact between our customers and our management. Thus, employees are our key assets and 

human capital investment is one of the factors which we have identified.  

 

Management Approach and Performance 

In order to attract and retain talents, we cultivate a working environment which promotes workplace 

inclusivity, diversity and equal employment opportunities. Our Group has a comprehensive Human 

Resource (“HR”) Policy in growing our human capital and enhancing employees’ overall performance. 

The policy covers key areas such as staff recruitment and selection, remuneration and benefits, 

performance appraisals, career development and training, safety and security and cessation of 

employment.  

 

Fair Employment Practices 

We reference our HR practices to the Fair and Progressive Employment Practices formulated by 

Singapore Tripartite Alliance which comprises the Ministry of Manpower (the “MOM”), Singapore 

National Employers Federation and National Trades Union Congress. We are strong advocates for fair 

employment practices. We recruit and select employees based on their merits, treat them fairly and 

offer equal opportunities for training and development. An employee performance appraisal will be 

conducted annually to evaluate employees with respect to their performance on their job and their 

potential for development. Our Employee Handbook is in place and shared to all our employees, which 

allows for greater transparency of HR practices in our Group.  

 

Open Communication and Timely Feedback 

To 

better 

understand 

employees’ 

concern 

and 

expectations, we communicate with them regularly, 

through platforms such as departmental and project 

meetings, performance reviews and tea sessions. Through 

performance reviews and exit interviews, we gather 

feedbacks from our employees for the continuous 

improvement of our organisation. Through open and 

effective communications with our employees, we 

establish a common understanding and promote an 

inclusive work environment based on mutual trust and 

respect. This is key to improving the effectiveness and 

efficiency of our business operations and management.  

 

 



Feedback / Suggestion box for site 

personnel to submit improvement 

ideas for the site or other concerns 






SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 | HUATIONG GLOBAL LIMITED 

 

 18 

 

 

Work Environment 

Ensuring our employees’ health and well-being is our responsibility. We are committed to achieve this 

by providing our employees with a secure and conductive working environment. Therefore, we 

regularly monitor our performance in these areas and 

periodically review our policies so that we provide the 

best for our employees.  

To provide work life balance and a healthy lifestyle for 

our employees, we have a fitness gym and badminton 

courts located at our Headquarter where our 

employees can enjoy a change of pace by working out 

or playing a game of badminton with their colleagues. 

We occasionally organise company events so that our 

employees can enjoy bonding time together. Some of 

the events we had in 2019 include the Oktoberfest and 

celebration for Christmas, Annual Dinner where our 

employees had meals and fun together.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We embrace the philosophy of giving back to 

the 

community 

by 

encouraging 

active 

involvement in the charity events. In 2019, 

amongst others, we took part in Walk for our 

Children, a charity event - organised by 

Singapore Children's Society, where our 

employees had a 2km walk together with their 

families and colleagues.  

We 

have 

implemented 

measures 

for 

employees who are unwell to stay at home as 

a precautionary measure.  

 

 







Charity event: Walk for our Children 



Fitness gym 







Oktoberfest 











Annual dinner (lucky draw winner) 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 | HUATIONG GLOBAL LIMITED 

 

 19 

 

 

Workforce Diversity 

We promote diversity and inclusivity in our workforce as we recognise the importance of having an 

all-inclusive work environment where employees accept diversity and eliminate discrimination. With 

dynamic individuals from diverse backgrounds, we are able to gather exceptional contributions, 

opinions and feedback necessary to our sustained growth. 

Employees by Age Groups 

The table and chart below show the proportion of our employees in different age groups. There is an 

increase in our workforces for FY2019, but we maintained a similar percentage of employees in each 

age group as compared to FY2018. 

 

 

Gender Diversity by Employment Category 

The table and chart below show the proportion of males and females in our workforce profile. There 

is an increase in percentage of females in our workforce for FY2019 as compared to FY2018. Given the 

nature of construction industry which involves laborious work, our employee gender mix comprises 

of a much larger proportion of male employees.   

As at 31 December 2019: 

 

25.6%

64.7%

9.6%

FY2019

&lt; 30 years old

30-50 years old

&gt; 50 years old

24.8%

64.9%

10.3%

FY2018

&lt; 30 years old

30-50 years old

&gt; 50 years old

84.8%

15.2%

Senior Management and 

Managerial Staff

Male

Female

95.8%

4.2%

Non_Managerial Staff

Male

Female

95.5%

4.5%

Overall

Male

Female


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 | HUATIONG GLOBAL LIMITED 

 

 20 

 

 

As at 31 December 2018:  

 

 

Target 

In FY2020, our Group will continue to practice fair recruitment and selection process for our 

employees, maintain open communication and perform periodical reviews for employees to ensure 

that career advancements are rewarded in a fair and just manner. We will also continue to take care 

of our employees’ health and well-being and promote work life balance and health lifestyle for our 

employees. 

 

78.9%

21.1%

Senior Management and 

Managerial Staff

Males

Females

95.9%

4.1%

Non-Managerial Staff

Males

Females

95.6%

4.4%

Overall

Males

Females


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 | HUATIONG GLOBAL LIMITED 

 

 21 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

People are our greatest assets and their health and safety are of utmost importance to us. We are 

responsible and obligated to provide them with a safe and healthy environment for our employees, 

subcontractors and customers. The health and well-being of our people ultimately affect our Group’s 

goals and objectives.  

 

Management Approach and Performance 

Safety starts with a set of cohesive occupational health and safety strategy that requires a safety-

oriented management culture. Our management approach to workplace safety and health 

management is full adherence to the legislative requirement and adopting recommended industry 

standards and guidelines. Our Workplace Safety and Health (“WSH”) policy sets out safety measures 

and risk management guidelines for WSH Hazards in Construction Industries. Our Quality 

Environmental Health and Safety steering committee oversees and monitors the implementation and 

maintenance of our WSH policies and practices. 

Construction companies have higher risk of workplace accident as compared to other industries.  As 

such, it is essential to promote a range of Group-wide occupational health and safety activities that 

include preventing workplace accidents by applying the required safety standards as well as 

implementing additional measures tailored to the specific conditions of the sites. We also engage with 

our contractors and consultants through risk reviews and monitoring of environmental, health and 

safety matters.  

Education and Prevention is the core of our WSH policy to minimise the number of accidents. We 

closely monitor high risk activities, share near miss accidents that could lead to an accident.  

We believe that safety awareness begins with understanding the work procedures and workplace 

hazards. Employees must understand the safety rules and mandatory personal protective equipment 

that helps to prevent injuries. All our workers must attend compulsory, regular safety and health 

trainings that covers our WSH policy, highlights workplace hazards 

and potential risk areas of accidents may occur and introduces our 

Occupational Health and Safety measures. Trainings for specific 

work activities, such as lifting, excavation, work at height, hot work 

confined space, are provided as and when required. These trainings 

help to embed safety into the culture and habits of our employees.  

Biannual fire drill exercised are conducted on site as well as in as 

part of emergency preparedness procedure to ensure our 

employee are aware of the safety evacuation procedure. 

 

 







Fire drill exercise 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 | HUATIONG GLOBAL LIMITED 

 

 22 

 

 

Frequent reminders are given to employees on workplace safety. Safety measures and occupational 

health precautions are constantly conveyed to employees during the regular meetings such as daily 

toolbox meetings to ensure maximum safety protection at worksites. We circulate the WSH alerts 

issued by WSH Council to all the employees to remind them 

the importance of workplace safety. The alerts keep the 

Company and workers informed of recent WSH incidents 

and highlight learning points and provide recommendations 

on how similar incidents can be averted.  

We are certified under OHSAS 18001:2007 in Occupational 

Health and Safety Management. We also received BizSAFE 

Level Star certificate in recognition of our ongoing 

commitment and efforts to health and safety. Safety 

recognition and certifications incentivise employees at 

construction sites to maintain and improve the 

standards of health and safety at the sites. 

In 2019, we have in place additional safety protection measures at our worksites to prevent accidents 

from occurring. They are, amongst others, exclusion zones were established to prohibit entry of non-

authorised personnel, pedestrian walkway and vehicular paths are clearly segregated with barricades 

to eliminate risk of accidents and anti-slip gloves are provided for handling glass. We also have 

implemented the use of digital permit-to-work system for some of our projects. It is a versatile 

platform where digital permit-to-work can be submitted, validated and approved through the 

platform. Other than the benefit of it being more environmentally friendly than using paper form of 

permits, the platform allows easier monitoring of safety processes on site as all key stakeholders have 

real time access to the safety information on site. The digital permit-to-work system improves 

productivity, compliance, and ultimately safety on construction sites. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

As a result of our rigorous efforts to keep the workplace safe for our employees, we reported one 

work-related accidents and no fatalities in FY2019. 

 

 







Safety award to reward safe behaviour 



Designated walkway  











Anti-slip gloves for handling glass  


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 | HUATIONG GLOBAL LIMITED 

 

 23 

 

 

In view of the Covid-19, the Group had taken precautionary measures and implemented operational 

protocols in its operations since January 2020 in response to the growing concerns over the Covid-19 

outbreak. All employees who have been to countries with Covid-19 or came into close contact with a 

person who have been to countries with Covid-19 were required to work from home for two weeks. 

Our employees were spilt into teams to practise social distancing, with staggered lunch time and 

working hours. Further to the implementation of Circuit Breaker measures by Ministry of Health, we 

have arranged for employees to work from home for certain key functions. For the safety of our 

employees, construction works for most ongoing projects are suspended. However, we have arranged 

for employees to periodically attend to construction sites for the supervision of essential activities 

including vector controls, earth control and safety measures. All precautionary measures are taken to 

ensure the safety and well-being of our employees. 

 

Target 

Looking forward in FY2020, we aim to maintain our low rate of work-related accidents. We will also 

continue to increase our state of preparedness in the event of any emergency and ensure a safe and 

healthy working environment for our employees.  

 







Safe distance practice 







Sanitising toilet 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 | HUATIONG GLOBAL LIMITED 

 

 24 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

Career development and employee training is crucial as it enhance productivity of all employees by 

equipping them with the necessary skillset to perform their duties in an ever-changing environment. 

Increased performance of the employees brings a greater positive impact to the Company.  

 

Management Approach and Performance 

New employees are engaged to our orientation 

programmes where they learn about our Group’s key 

policies. These programmes also help them to 

familiarise themselves with our general working 

environment, 

corporate 

culture, 

and 

service 

knowledge as well as quality requirements. Workers 

are briefed on the in-house safety rules and regulations 

regularly and during their first day of induction.  

On-the job trainings are provided by the employees’ 

immediate supervisors, who share their experiences 

and knowledge, provide guidance and advices, as well 

as monitor performance of individual employee. Experienced workers are assigned to new worker as 

part of our buddy system program.  

We empower our staff with skills and experience through a range of learning and development 

programmes coordinated by our Group’s Human Resource department or initialled by staff 

themselves. We regularly send our employees to attend seminars, conferences and trainings to 

improve their technical and functional skills, broaden their knowledge, and ultimately increase their 

productivity and efficiency at work. Our BCA Approved Training and Testing Centre conducts courses 

on hydraulic excavator operation. We will continue to impart knowledge and skills on handling the 

machineries, so as to help the workers to improve their work productivity and quality.  

In 2019, our employees attended the emergency readiness 

seminar where they learn about how to respond to 

different types of emergencies, such as evacuation 

procedures and fire prevent tips. Our office staff also 

attended the workplace safety training where they learn 

about how to work in a safer office environment.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 







Office staff attending workplace 

safety training 



Training of Safe Use of Road Sweeper 






SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 | HUATIONG GLOBAL LIMITED 

 

 25 

 

 

Some other courses attended by our employees in 2019 include, but not limited to workplace safety 

and health course, confined space operation training, training on hydraulic excavating operations, 

construction safety orientation course, hazmat transport driver permit course, ISO training workshop, 

the Security of Payment Act related course, construction contract administration course, International 

Financial Reporting Standards Masterclass 2019, project management courses, and occupational first 

aid course. 

 

Our employees have fulfilled more training hours in FY2019 as compared to FY2018. The average 

training hours per employee for FY2019 and FY2018 are as follows. 

 

Training 

FY2019 

FY2018 

Average hours of training per employee 

8.6 hours 

6.5 hours 

 

Target 

Our Group aim to further improve the quality of our training courses and increase or maintain the 

current level of training hours depending on the staff training needs so that our employees are 

provided with the necessary competence and leadership to perform their work in a safe and efficient 

manner.  

 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 | HUATIONG GLOBAL LIMITED 

 

 26 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI  

Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference / 

Reason for Omission, 

if any 

GRI 102: General Disclosures 

Organisational Profile 

102-1 

Name of the organisation  

Page 3 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Page 5 

102-3 

Location of headquarters  

Page 4 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Page 4 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form  

AR Section “Statistics 

of Shareholdings” 

102-6 

Markets served 

Page 5 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

AR Section “Operating 

and Financial Review” 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers  

Page 17-20 

AR Section “Board of 

Directors and Key 

Executives” 

102-9 

Supply chain  

Page 6 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

Nil 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach  

Page 8 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Page 7, 10 &amp; 18 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Page 7 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

Page 3 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

Page 3, 8 &amp; 9 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Page 8  

AR Section “Corporate 

Governance Report” 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Page 10 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

Nil 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Page 10 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Page 10 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Page 11 

Reporting Practice  

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Page 6 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Page 4 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Page 11 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

Nil 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Nil 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Page 4 

 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 | HUATIONG GLOBAL LIMITED 

 

 27 

 

 

GRI  

Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference / 

Reason for Omission, 

if any 

Reporting Practice  

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

30 May 2019 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Page 4 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Page 4 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

Page 4 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Page 26-27 

102-56 

External assurance 

Page 4 

GRI 103: Management Approach  

103-1  

Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 8-10 &amp; 

respective section of 

the specific topics 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

 

SPECIFIC TOPICS 

Environment 

Energy 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organisation 

Page 12 

Water 

303-1 

Water withdrawal by source 

Page 12 

Effluents and Waste 

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal method 

Page 14 

Social 

Occupational Health and Safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, 

lost days, and absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities 

 

 

Page 21-23 

403-3 

Workers with high incidence or high risk of diseases related 

to their occupation 

Training and Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employee 

 

Page 24-25 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 

assistance programs 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

Page 17-20 

 

 

