




Hutchison Port Holdings Trust

Sustainability Report 2017

ADVANCING IN

A NEW ERA 






CONTENTS

1

2

4

6

7

14

15

19

24

29

31

33

35

41

ABOUT THIS REPORT

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

MESSAGE FROM THE CEO

BOARD STATEMENT

ABOUT HPH TRUST

ENGAGING STAKEHOLDERS

RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS

RESPONSIBLE EMPLOYER

SAFETY AND SECURITY

THE ENVIRONMENT

COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT

APPENDIX

GRI CONTENT INDEX

GLOSSARY


Responsible

Business

The 

Environment

Responsible

Employer

Safety and 

Security

•	 Anti-bribery and anti-corruption

•	 Respecting our people

•	 Operational excellence  

and innovation

•	 Customer service

•	 Energy conservation

•	 Clean air

•	 Clean engines and fuels

•	 Employee well-being

•	 Recruitment and 

retention

•	 Safety risk management

•	 Safety policies and practices

•	 Safety equipment 

•	 IT systems and data 

security

HPH Trust – Material Topics

Container Terminals (“YANTIAN”) (Phases I and 

II; Phase III and Phase III Expansion; and West Port 

Phases I and II) as these are the majority-owned 

terminals and core businesses of the Trust.

This year marks our first dedicated sustainability 

materiality assessment to determine the topics that are 

material to the business. The assessment, conducted 

according to the GRI Standards for defining report 

content, covers our operations across Hong Kong and 

China. 

The assessment involved:

•	

a context review and benchmarking exercise that 

looked at container port industry best practices 

and global peers

•	

an extensive engagement process, collecting 

feedback from 159 internal stakeholders across 

operations, using surveys and interviews

•	

mapping results in a matrix based on their 

significance to the business and importance for 

stakeholders

•	

discussing and verifying the results with senior 

and executive management teams

•	

material topics confirmed and signed-off by the 

Board of Directors

The 12 material topics the Trust identified during the 

materiality assessment, plus the additional topic of “IT 

systems and data security” highlighted during Board 

sign-off, are relevant across all our operations. We have 

also mapped the impact boundary (see page 33 for 

details) outside of our operations for our material topics, 

considering each stakeholder group.

This report is the first sustainability report of 

Hutchison Port Holdings Trust (“HPH Trust” or 

“Trust”), produced in compliance with the Listing 

Rule 711A of Singapore Exchange (“SGX”), and 

with reference to the primary components set out in 

Listing Rule 711B. For the first year of reporting, it is 

published within 12 months of the end of our financial 

year, following the requirements of the SGX Listing 

Rule Practice Note 7.6 Sustainability Reporting Guide. 

It has been prepared in accordance with the Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: Core option. 

The GRI Standards represent the global best practice 

for reporting on a range of environmental, social and 

governance (“ESG”) impacts.

As this is our first published report, there are no 

restatements of information and we have not sought 

external assurance.

The report has been reviewed by the Board of 

Directors of HPH Trust, and is published on our 

corporate website to accompany the Annual Report 

2017, which covers the financial year ended 31 

December 2017.

We welcome feedback on this report and any aspect 

of our sustainability management approach and 

performance. Comments or feedback can be sent via 

email to ir@hphtrust.com.

DETERMINING SCOPE AND MATERIAL TOPICS

The scope of this report includes our operations at 

Hongkong International Terminals (“HIT”) (Terminals 

4, 6, 7 and 9 North) and Yantian International 

MATERIAL TOPICS

ADVANCING IN

A NEW ERA 

 1 &lt;

ABOUT THIS REPORT




This year, in compliance with a new reporting requirement from the SGX, HPH Trust issues its first sustainability 

report. This report is based on one of the most widely adopted global standards for sustainability reporting, the 

GRI.

The Trust listed on the SGX in 2011 but its business units had already been operating for many years, and had 

reported their corporate social and responsibility measures through Hutchison Port Holdings Limited (“HPH”) 

since 2000. Sustainability is an important consideration in the way the Trust business unit run their businesses 

and in the new technologies they adopt. Sustainability has also factored in their approach to embedding business 

integrity, equal opportunity, environmental awareness, and safe, healthy work practices as cornerstones of 

corporate culture. These cornerstones have become rooted in the way the business units plan, develop, test and 

adopt new practices and technologies. 

SAFETY AND SECURITY

HPH Trust also invests in technologies that support safer operations while enhancing overall 

productivity. In 2017, all rubber-tyred gantry cranes (“RTGCs”) in Container Terminal 9 North 

(“CT9 North”) at HIT had been converted to remote-control operations. This technology 

allows operators to operate the cranes from a control centre located in the office building, 

as compared to working from an operator cabin atop the crane. Not only does this enhance 

operational safety and provide a more comfortable and flexible working environment, it also 

allows for more efficient operations and job handover. 

HPH Trust seeks to continuously improve its safety and health performance, in the face of 

evolving regulations and standards, customer expectations and technology. At HPH Trust, 

efforts to ensure the safety and health of our workforce is more extensive than establishing 

policies and providing induction safety training for front-line personnel. In 2017, HIT and 

YANTIAN conducted 93 drills, with scenarios ranging from firefighting and fire evacuation 

to gas leakage, chemical leakage and handling emergency situations caused by extreme 

weather. Through these drills, as well as refresher training, case studies and safety booklets, 

HPH Trust business units aim to incorporate safety awareness and equip workers with 

emergency handling skills in everyday operations.

RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS

HPH Trust upholds high standards for business integrity, honesty and transparency in 

its business dealings. Policies in the areas of anti-bribery and anti-corruption (“ABAC”), 

whistle-blowing and related incident reporting procedures have been enacted. Refresher 

training on the code of conduct, especially relating to ABAC, is provided periodically to the 

management team and selected staff members based on their work scope. Any reported 

cases are independently investigated.

RESPONSIBLE EMPLOYER

As a responsible employer, HPH Trust is committed to providing a working environment 

that is free from all forms of discrimination. Staff recruitment and retention is a key focus at 

HPH Trust. Aside from developing career roadmaps for staff members, HIT and YANTIAN 

have collaborated with local schools over the years to encourage a better understanding 

of, and interest in, the ports and logistics industry. These include apprenticeships, trainee 

programmes and internship programmes. As in previous years, these programmes and the 

achievements of selected staff members were recognised by local authorities in 2017.

HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

&gt; 2

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY




GOING FORWARD

Going forward, the Sustainability Steering Committee (“SSC”) of HPH Trust will continue to lead efforts in 

setting short-term and long-term strategies for HPH Trust business units. This will include refining policies to 

reflect changes in local regulations, incorporating best industry practices in operations, formulating sustainability 

approach and action plans, and continually adopting new technologies into its operations. HPH Trust will continue 

to share more of its efforts and achievements in the area of sustainability in the annual sustainability report.

In the age of digitalisation, safety in operations also extends to cybersecurity. While hardware 

and firewalls form the basics, effective data-handling monitoring procedures are also key 

elements of sound system controls. In 2017, YANTIAN was the first container terminal 

in mainland China accredited with ISO 27001:2013 Information Security Management 

certification. Together with the ISO 27001:2009 Information Security Management 

certification obtained by HIT in 2009 and subsequent renewals, the Trust’s information 

systems and practices are aligned with the best industry practices. Neither HIT nor 

YANTIAN had any recorded breaches of customer privacy, loss of customer data, identified 

digital attacks or digital security breaches in 2017.

THE ENVIRONMENT

Operational excellence demands the continuous review of operating procedures and 

the adoption of new technology to improve efficiency while lessening impacts on the 

environment. In January 2017, all front-line port operations in Kwai Tsing ports under HPH 

Trust were centralised under a co-management arrangement. Through centralised planning 

and resource deployment, the HPH Trust Hong Kong terminals can more seamlessly allocate 

vessels to increase berth availability, reduce inter-terminal transfers and related emissions, 

and optimise yard usage.

Proactively managing environmental impact and advocating for environmentally responsible 

practices is an important element of the sustainability strategy of HPH Trust. Through 

the adoption of new technology and the use of alternative energy, HPH Trust business 

units strive to reduce their carbon footprint. At HPH Trust, the process of adopting 

new technology takes time, from installation to multiple testing cycles while minimising 

interruptions to regular operations. Over the past decade, HIT and YANTIAN invested in 

the conversion of traditional diesel-powered RTGCs to run on electricity or hybrid energy, 

which reduced noise and carbon dioxide emissions. In 2017, the Trust achieved a 90% 

utilisation rate for the electric-powered rubber-tyred gantry cranes (“eRTGCs”).

YANTIAN began a trial run of nine tractors powered by liquefied natural gas (“LNG”) in 

2009, a cleaner fuel than diesel. In 2017, a total of 340 LNG-powered tractors were deployed 

to support daily operations.

In 2017, YANTIAN took the lead in green shore power technology by installing mobile shore 

power systems that can service 10 berths. This allows vessels to turn off their diesel engines 

and connect to the local electric grid while at berth, reducing noise and particle emissions. 

This project was regarded by the Ministry of Transport of China as one of the leading pilot 

projects for shore power in the country.

ADVANCING IN

A NEW ERA 

 3 &lt;

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY






DEAR UNITHOLDERS,

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to present 

the first sustainability report of HPH Trust. It is prepared 

according to the principles of the internationally recognised 

GRI Standards.

This report reflects our approach to sustainability, and 

focuses on topics that are most material to our business and 

stakeholders.

OUR SUSTAINABILITY JOURNEY

Since the start of our container-handling operations in the 

late 1960s, and long before HPH Trust was established 

in 2011, we have worked diligently to establish the strong 

fundamentals that allow us to strategically optimise 

operations, infrastructure and talent. These fundamentals 

embed sustainability within our operations and support our 

long-term development and competitiveness.

As a responsible business, we are accountable to our 

unitholders and employees, and have a duty to run an 

economically sound business with strong corporate 

governance. Therefore, our approach to sustainability 

extends not only to the environment, but also to our  

dealings with unitholders, customers, employees, suppliers 

and communities.

Environmental performance and cost-efficiency are closely 

linked for our business. We invest in technology and 

management systems to maximise our efficiency, while 

reducing fuel consumption and emissions. For example, over 

the past decade, we have gradually replaced the traditional 

diesel-powered RTGCs with eRTGCs or hybrid RTGCs in 

HIT and YANTIAN. This effort greatly contributed to the 

successful reduction of overall carbon dioxide emission per 

twenty-foot equivalent unit (“TEU”) by 24%.

NAVIGATING CHANGES IN 2017

The shipping industry has been undergoing important 

changes over the last few years, with ever-larger vessels 

being deployed and formation of new shipping alliances. 

These changes have presented economic and operational 

challenges. They have also driven improvements in the quality 

and efficiency of our operations, with a renewed focus on 

resource conservation and environmental performance.

The introduction of stricter environmental regulations in 

the shipping industry necessitated the retrofitting of vessels 

calling in certain countries, mandating the use of cleaner fuel 

while at berth. To leverage this opportunity to support and 

facilitate greener operations for our shipping line customers, 

our port in Yantian has taken a lead in green shore power 

technology.  It is one of the first container terminal 

operators in China to use a mobile onshore power system, 

allowing vessels to connect to a cleaner onshore electrical 

power source and turn off their engines at berth, reducing 

emissions. The Ministry of Transport of China regards this 

system as one of the leading pilot projects for shore power in 

the country.

 

The establishment of co-management arrangements at 

our Hong Kong terminals was a major move forward in 

2017. Working with our partners in operations planning 

and resource deployment, we have increased productivity 

and cost-efficiency. We have been able to share best 

operational practices while standardising key performance 

and productivity targets. By co-managing berth and yard 

resources, we can optimise vessel allocation. This allows us to 

further improve berthing flexibility, minimise inter-terminal 

transfers and optimise yard usage.

Technology and innovation continue to play pivotal roles 

in enhancing our operational efficiency. This year was a 

landmark year for HPH Trust, with CT9 North launching 

its remote-controlled RTGCs and an automated container 

stacking system at HIT. This landmark development made 

CT9 North the first container terminal in Hong Kong to 

operate all yard cranes remotely and use fully automated 

container stacking system at the yard.

HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

&gt; 4

MESSAGE FROM THE CEO






The remote-controlled operations project has opened a new 

chapter in the development of container terminals in Hong 

Kong. It reinforces the competitiveness of the Hong Kong 

port while enhancing efficiency, occupational safety and the 

working environment of crane operators. The transition to 

remote-controlled RTGCs and an automated stacking system 

while maintaining round-the-clock operations was a world-first.

The application of new technology throughout our business 

is also reshaping the roles and skills of our personnel. While 

it is providing an opportunity to broaden the skills of our 

workforce, it is important that we remain diligent about 

recruiting and retaining new local talent across all our terminal 

operations. We continue to secure and train skilled technical 

personnel, and remain committed to building relationships and 

nurturing future talents for the industry.

FORGING AHEAD

On behalf of the Board and management, we invite you to 

review our sustainability journey during the 2017 financial year. 

We will continue to strengthen our sustainability governance, 

develop new targets and report on our performance. We 

intend to regularly talk about our sustainability successes 

and challenges with our stakeholders, and we welcome your 

feedback on our efforts.

YIM Lui Fai, Gerry

Chief Executive Officer



ADVANCING IN

A NEW ERA 

 5 &lt;

MESSAGE FROM THE CEO






The Board considers ESG impetus as part of its 

responsibility for directing the strategic objectives 

and overseeing the management of HPH Trust 

business. The executive management team 

determined the material ESG topics for 2017, 

which the Board approved. The Board oversees 

management and monitoring of material ESG topics, 

and regularly evaluates and reviews them to ensure 

they are relevant to the business.

HPH Trust Board of Directors

HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

&gt; 6

BOARD STATEMENT






HPH Trust is the first publicly traded container port 

business trust in the world. It was listed on the Main 

Board of the SGX in March 2011, and in early 2012 

became the first entity to launch dual-currency trading 

for its units on SGX. The Trust was admitted into the 

Straits Times Index on 3 April 2013,  and is one of the 

top 30 companies on the SGX Main Board.

The mandate of the Trust is principally to invest in, 

develop, operate and manage deep-water container 

ports in Guangdong Province in China, as well as in 

Hong Kong and Macau (collectively known as the “Pearl 

River Delta”).

HPH Trust operates Hongkong International Terminals 

(“HIT”), COSCO-HIT Terminals (“COSCO-HIT”) and 

Asia Container Terminals (“ACT”) in Hong Kong, and 

Yantian International Container Terminals (“YANTIAN”) 

and Huizhou International Container Terminals 

(“HICT”) in China. Upon the completion of the two 

additional berths at West Port Phase II in January 2018, 

HPH Trust operates 38 berths across 647 hectares of 

land. In 2017, the Trust delivered a combined throughput 

of approximately 24.3 million TEU.









A

B

C

HONG KONG

•	HIT

•	COSCO-HIT

•	ACT

SHENZHEN

•	YANTIAN Phases I &amp; II

•	YANTIAN Phase III 

&amp; YANTIAN Phase III 

Expansion

•	West Port Phases I &amp; II

A

B

C

HUIZHOU

• HICT

ADVANCING IN

A NEW ERA 

 7 &lt;

ABOUT HPH TRUST

HPH TRUST PROFILE






The core port operations of the Trust are complemented 

by river port facilities and ancillary services, which aim to 

provide customers with seamless supply chain solutions 

for imports and exports. HPH Trust holds economic 

benefits (“River Ports Economic Benefits1”) in two river 

ports in China: Jiangmen International Container Terminals 

(“Jiangmen Terminal”) and Nanhai International Container 

Terminals (“Nanhai Terminal”). Collectively, they are known 

as the “River Ports”. HPH Trust also operates ancillary 

services via Asia Port Services Limited (“APS”), operator 

of one of the largest fleets of dedicated barges in Hong 

Kong; HPH E.Commerce Limited (“Hutchison Logistics”), 

a provider of supply chain solutions across rail, sea and 

land networks; and Shenzhen Hutchison Inland Container 

Depots Co., Limited (“SHICD”), operator of an inland 

container depot and warehouse in Shenzhen.

The Trust is managed by Hutchison Port Holdings 

Management Pte. Limited (“Trustee-Manager”), an indirect 

wholly owned subsidiary of CK Hutchison Holdings 

Limited (“CKHH”). The Trustee-Manager has dual 

responsibilities in safeguarding the interests of unitholders 

and managing the businesses of HPH Trust. The Board of 

Directors of the Trustee-Manager consists of individuals 

with a broad range of commercial experience and expertise 

in the port industry.

This sustainability report focuses on our port operations 

at HIT and YANTIAN, which are our majority-owned 

terminals and core businesses, representing around 85% of 

the total throughput handled by the Trust.

The River Ports Economic Benefits represent the economic interest and benefits of the River Ports – including all dividends and any other distributions or other monies 

payable to HPH or any of its subsidiaries in its capacity as a shareholder of the relevant holding company of the River Ports arising from the profits attributable to the 

business of the River Ports and all sale or disposal proceeds derived from such businesses, assets, rights and/or liabilities constituting any part of the business of the 

River Ports as agreed with HPH and any of its subsidiaries.

1

HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

&gt; 8

ABOUT HPH TRUST

HPH TRUST PROFILE


UNITHOLDERS

TRUSTEE-

MANAGER

HPH

TRUST

HIT,

COSCO-HIT

and ACT

River 

Ports1

YANTIAN

and HICT

Portfolio

Ancillary

Services

Holding of units

Acting on behalf of 

unitholders/Provision of 

management services

Fees

Denotes terminals included in the scope of this report

Distributions

HPH Trust holds River Ports Economic Benefits, but not the shares of the River Ports’ holding companies.

1

HIT (Terminals 4,  

6, 7 and 9 North)

APS

Hutchison Logistics

SHICD

COSCO-HIT

(Terminal 8 East)

ACT

(Terminal 8 West)

Jiangmen

Terminal

Nanhai

Terminal





YANTIAN

Phases I &amp; II

YANTIAN Phase 

III &amp; YANTIAN  

Phase III Expansion

West Port

Phases I &amp; II

HICT





51.6%

51.6%

41.3%

50.0%

50.0%

56.4%

Dividends/interest income, net of applicable taxes and 

expenses, and principal repayment of shareholder loans

Ownership and 

shareholder loans

100.0%

100.0%

77.7%

40.0%

50.0%

100.0%



ADVANCING IN

A NEW ERA 

 9 &lt;

ABOUT HPH TRUST

CORPORATE STRUCTURE


HIT

HIT, as a stand-alone terminal operator, operates 12 of the 24 deep-water berths 

located in Kwai Tsing, Hong Kong. A co-management arrangement between HIT, 

COSCO-HIT and ACT further allows for optimal flexibility in berth and yard 

planning, and resource deployment across all HPH Trust Hong Kong terminals, 

covering a total of 16 berths.

This report focuses on HIT operations as these are our majority-owned terminals in 

Hong Kong.

528

CONTAINER BERTHS

30*

QUAY CRANES

131

HECTARES

OF LAND

MILLION TEU 

HANDLED IN 2017

20.6

AROUND

EMPLOYEES AND

EXTERNAL CONTRACTOR  

 

WORKERS ON-SITE DAILY

3,800#

7,500#

HIT

•	 100% ownership 

•	 12 container berths across Terminals 4, 6, 7 and 9 North, with a combined land area of 111 hectares

A

YANTIAN Phases I &amp; II

•	 Effective interest: 56.4% 

•	 5 container berths, with a combined land area of 130 hectares

YANTIAN Phase III and YANTIAN Phase III Expansion

•	 Effective interest: 51.6%

•	 11 container berths, with a combined land area of 226 hectares

West Port Phases I &amp; II

•	 Effective interest: 51.6%

•	 1 container berth at West Port Phase I, with an area of 17 hectares

•	 3 container berths at West Port Phase II in operation, 2 of which have only been in operation since 

January 2018, with a combined land area of 44 hectares

B

C

D

YANTIAN

YANTIAN, as the sole terminal operator in eastern Shenzhen, is the preferred port-of-call 

for mega-vessels in South China. Its natural deep-water berths and exemplary mega-vessel 

handling capabilities are key features contributing to its reputation as a world-class hub.

This report focuses on YANTIAN operations as these are our majority-owned terminals in 

Shenzhen, China.

Total container berths increased from 30 to 32 following the addition of two berths at West Port Phase II in January 2018

*

Figures as at 31 December 2017

Tsing Yi Island

TERMINAL 9 

SOUTH

TERMINAL 9 

NORTH

TERMINAL 5

TERMINAL 1

TERMINAL 2

TERMINAL 3

Kwai Chung

TERMINAL 4

TERMINAL 6

TERMINAL 7

TERMINAL 8 

EAST

TERMINAL 8 

WEST

KWAI TSING, HONG KONG

Approximate figures

#

WEST PORT

PHASES I &amp; II

 

PHASE III 

EXPANSION

 

EAST PORT

To Shenzhen

To Huizhou 

&amp; Dongguan

To Dameisha 

&amp; Xiaomeisha

Bonded 

Logistics 

Park

YANTIAN PHASES I &amp; II

YANTIAN PHASE III

YANTIAN

SHENZHEN, CHINA

HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

&gt; 10

ABOUT HPH TRUST

PORTFOLIO OVERVIEW


CONTAINER BERTHS

6

119

QUAY CRANES

25

HECTARES

OF LAND

MILLION TEU  

HANDLED IN 2017

3.7

AROUND

EMPLOYEES AND

EXTERNAL 

CONTRACTOR 

WORKERS

ON-SITE DAILY

600#

1,000#

COSCO-HIT

•	 50/50 joint venture with COSCO SHIPPING Ports Limited (“COSCO SHIPPING Ports”)

•	 2 container berths at Terminal 8 East, with a combined land area of 30 hectares

ACT

•	 Strategic partnership between HPH Trust and COSCO SHIPPING Ports, with stakes of 40% and 60% 

respectively 

•	 2 container berths at Terminal 8 West, with a combined land area of 29 hectares

HICT

•	 Effective interest: 41.3% 

•	 2 container berths with a combined land area of 60 hectares

A

B

C

OTHER BUSINESS UNITS UNDER 

HPH TRUST (NOT INCLUDED IN 

THE SCOPE OF THIS REPORT)

The Trust portfolio of assets also includes 

COSCO-HIT, ACT and HICT. These 

business units are not considered within 

the scope of this report as they are not 

majority owned by the Trust.

Figures as at 31 December 2017

Tsing Yi Island

TERMINAL 9 

SOUTH

TERMINAL 9 

NORTH

TERMINAL 5

TERMINAL 1

TERMINAL 2

TERMINAL 3

Kwai Chung

TERMINAL 4

TERMINAL 6

TERMINAL 7

TERMINAL 8 

EAST

TERMINAL 8 

WEST

KWAI TSING, HONG KONG

HUIZHOU, CHINA

Approximate figures

#

ADVANCING IN

A NEW ERA 

 11 &lt;

ABOUT HPH TRUST

PORTFOLIO OVERVIEW






MISSION AND PRINCIPLES

HPH Trust adopted the core values of UNITY from HPH which include: Unrivalled standards, Network strength, 

Informed decisions, Trusted and honest, and Your partners. We strive to be one of the world’s leading container 

terminal operators, through our excellence in customer service, teamwork and innovation.

We communicate these core values and principles of conduct to all staff members of the Trust, and with our partners. 

Our values are integrated into our process and controls, and reflected in our general performance appraisals.

We aim to:

GOVERNANCE

The Trustee-Manager strives to attain and maintain 

high standards of corporate governance best suited 

to the needs and interests of the HPH Trust group 

of companies as it believes that effective corporate 

governance practices are fundamental to safeguarding 

interests of unitholders and other stakeholders and 

enhancing unitholder value.

The Exco (“Management”) of the Trust is responsible 

for the daily operations of the HPH Trust group. It 

includes heads of business units, and key functional 

heads of the Operations, Engineering, Commercial 

and Human Resources.

The Board, which is accountable to unitholders for the 

long-term performance of HPH Trust, is responsible 

for directing the strategic objectives and overseeing 

the management of HPH Trust business. Directors are 

charged with the task of promoting the success of HPH 

Trust and making decisions in the best interests of HPH 

Trust with due consideration on sustainability issues.   





TEAMWORK

•	 Share the same goals

•	 Work together as one

•	 Respect and accommodate others

•	 Support and encourage each other



CUSTOMERS

•	 Put our customers first

•	 Listen proactively

•	 Win our customers’ trust with our 

sincerity and reliable service

•	 Provide excellent customer service





INNOVATION

•	 Be open-minded

•	 Draw on our collective wisdom

•	 Boldly innovate

•	 Open up new frontiers



Hi everybody! I’m Nannan, the

mascot of the corporate culture 

at HPH Trust. I represent and 

promote these values across our 

operations and to all our staff.

HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

&gt; 12

ABOUT HPH TRUST






The Board has established a framework for the 

management of HPH Trust, putting in place all 

relevant risk management and internal control systems 

review assessment and reporting processes.

For further information on our corporate governance, 

principles and practices, see pages 42–59 of the 

Annual Report 2017.

MANAGING RISK

The Trustee-Manager regularly reviews the business 

and operational activities to identify areas of 

significant business risk, assess how those risks are 

being managed, and take appropriate measures to 

control and mitigate them.

HPH Trust has adopted an Enterprise Risk 

Management framework, consistent with the 

Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the 

Treadway Commission (“COSO”) framework, that 

facilitates a systematic approach to managing risks 

within the Trust.  The COSO-compliant framework, 

coupled with a strong internal control environment, 

enables the Trust to effectively manage the risks it 

faces, be they strategic, financial, operational  

or compliance.

SUPPLY CHAIN

Although our terminals use heavy equipment to 

support container handling operations, a front-line 

labour force, which includes employees and external 

contractor workers, is still required. Key front-line roles 

include equipment operators, stevedores, truck drivers, 

and maintenance team personnel working at berths 

and in the container yard areas.

We select external contractors according to the 

trade or skills required, or to complement the 

internal labour force during busy times. We source 

external contractors locally, except when we need 

contractors with specialised skills and knowledge that 

is not available locally to support maintenance and 

engineering projects.

External contractors form a significant portion of our 

workforce: we work with more than 7,500 external 

contractor workers in delivering front-line services 

at HIT and YANTIAN, such as internal trucking, 

stevedoring, equipment operation and security.  

Our maintenance teams are typically supported by 

three local companies. Working with user departments, 

the Procurement and Stores department conducts 

periodic pricing and performance reviews for all 

external contractors, at the same time ensuring that 

sound labour practices are being applied and the 

contracts in place reflect market prices.

The Trust has comprehensive internal controls to 

ensure it is following fair and equitable procurement 

processes. We clearly and properly communicate 

tender processes, and select suppliers based on 

specific criteria – such as experience, quality, price 

competitiveness and the ability to meet stated project 

requirements. We procure major equipment such as 

quay cranes and yard cranes mainly from China. The 

Trust has worked in partnership with crane suppliers 

to design and construct our cranes, adapting the 

technology to our operating needs.

SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT

The Trust, led by the Chief Executive Officer 

(“CEO”) and overseen by the Board of Directors, is 

responsible for driving sustainability performance. At 

an operational level, the Operations, Engineering, 

Human Resources, and Commercial functions 

manage, implement and monitor the effectiveness of 

the approach.

FUTURE PLANS AND TARGETS

The SSC at HPH Trust, chaired by the CEO, regularly 

brings together heads of Trust business units and 

key functional areas to ensure strategic alignment 

on major decisions, co-ordination and knowledge-

sharing at a senior level. Its key agenda is to set 

short-term and long-term sustainability targets against 

material sustainability topics. Going forward, the 

annual sustainability report of the Trust will focus on 

measuring performance and progress towards these 

goals.

ADVANCING IN

A NEW ERA 

 13 &lt;

ABOUT HPH TRUST








The Trust undertakes various activities throughout the year to foster strong and dynamic professional relationships with different 

stakeholder groups. We are committed to ensuring effective and transparent stakeholder interactions; to better addressing and 

understanding specific stakeholder concerns; and to making business decisions that create the most sustainable value for all.

Stakeholder groups

How we engage

Key topics in 2017

Unitholders &amp; Investors

Announcements, reports, conference calls, 

meetings and terminal visits

Unit price, redevelopment opportunities for 

Hong Kong port, the impact of regulations and 

policy updates

Employees 

New employee orientation, training, bulletins, 

notices, meetings, surveys, company intranet, 

townhall briefings, team briefings and staff 

magazines

Career prospects, shift duty requirements, 

safety, communication, working environment, 

compensation and benefits, general 

operational and financial performance

External Contractors &amp; 

Suppliers

Induction, training, bulletins, notices, meetings, 

surveys and reviews

Safety, contractor compensation and benefits

Government

Meetings, calls, discussions and terminal visits

Compliance, best practices and regulations 

Customers

Events, brochures, meetings, calls, terminal 

visits, workshops, news releases and Customer 

Plus mobile app

Optimising terminal performance, process 

improvements, digitalisation, and sales and 

marketing efforts across HPH Trust terminals

People &amp; Communities

Announcements, terminal visits, education 

and internship programmes, environment and 

community services

Training programmes and internships for 

students, community and environmental 

engagement

Port Users

Induction, bulletins and managing terminal 

operations

Safety, efficiency and new procedures

Media

Press briefings and press releases

Key vessel calls, launch of remote operations 

system, redevelopment opportunities for  

Hong Kong port 

The Trust responds to stakeholders as part of ongoing engagement and discussions. In 2017, specific actions included developing 

road maps, conducting dedicated research, holding meetings, and planning for this sustainability report which focuses on topics 

that are important to our stakeholders.

HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

&gt; 14

ENGAGING STAKEHOLDERS








ANTI-BRIBERY AND ANTI-CORRUPTION

HPH Trust ensures compliance with relevant ABAC 

legislation across all our business units. As part of 

this effort, we require all our companies to provide 

formal ABAC compliance training every two years, 

to all managers, supervising personnel and other 

selected individuals from departments such as Human 

Resources, Commercial and Procurement and Stores. 

Department heads must also ensure that all relevant 

employees receive this training.

HIT has its own ABAC Policy and Code of Conduct 

incorporated into its Internal Control Manual which 

can be accessed via its intranet. Each employee also 

receives a staff handbook, which highlighted the 



HPH Trust has adopted a 

comprehensive approach to building 

a long-term business by investing 

in facilities, people and technology. 

We are committed to continuously 

improving corporate governance 

practices and instilling an ethical 

corporate culture that supports  

our goals.

important policies and summarised certain required 

behaviours according to the Code of Conduct. All 

new joiners participate in an ABAC briefing as part 

of their orientation programme, and employees are 

reminded at monthly team briefings of the company’s 

guidelines on accepting “seasonal gifts”. The Human 

Resources department is responsible for staff ABAC 

compliance training, which includes arranging tailored 

seminars conducted by the Hong Kong Independent 

Commission Against Corruption, monitoring 

completion rates and keeping training records. 

The Integrity Management Policy of YANTIAN 

is aligned with the approach of HPH Trust. All 

new joiners are briefed on ABAC as part of their 

orientation programme, and the Human Resources 

department oversees and monitors ABAC compliance 

training.

Senior and middle management also receive annual 

Integrity Management Policy training through the 

YANTIAN e-Learning portal. A small group of  

front-line staff members, nominated by their 

respective supervisors, also receive this training, and 

relevant employees and suppliers receive a reminder 

of the ABAC policy before all major festivals. The 

Finance and Legal department of YANTIAN is 

responsible for integrity management and undertakes 

internal audits to ensure compliance.

2017 ABAC Compliance Training Figures1 

Managers &amp; Controllers

373 completed

100%

Front-line2

204 completed

7%

Training is conducted once every two years. Figures shown include HIT and YANTIAN, as per reporting scope.

1

All managers, supervisory personnel and selected individuals from departments such as Procurement and Stores, Commercial and Human Resources receive ABAC 

compliance training. The majority of staff members in front-line operations, including yard crane operators, quay crane operators and others such as control room 

personnel, are not required to take ABAC compliance training.

2

ADVANCING IN

A NEW ERA 

 15 &lt;

RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS






RESPECTING OUR PEOPLE

The Trust is committed to complying with all relevant labour laws, and to ensuring 

there is no child labour or forced labour in our workforce. HIT and YANTIAN are 

not aware of any breach in local labour regulations, and have not recorded any 

known violations of child or forced labour laws. Where applicable, supplier contracts 

include an explicit clause requesting that they comply with these same laws when 

managing their own employees.

The Trust does not have explicit wording in our current policies regarding no child 

labour or forced labour, as this is already a statutory requirement. However, to 

explicitly state our position, we are currently introducing wording to this effect in our 

internal control policy, and will ensure that this policy change is adopted in 2018.

Co-management Gains

Successfully implementing the co-management of front-line operations across all 16 berths at 

five terminals at Kwai Tsing, and enabling seamless allocation of vessels to minimise berthing 

delays and inter-terminal transfers while optimising yard usage.

Modernising Facilities

Investing in modern equipment and facilities, including adding new-generation cranes 

at YANTIAN to complement the existing equipment fleet, progressively converting 

conventional manual RTGCs to a remote-controlled operation at HIT CT9 North, dredging 

alongside berths at HIT and further enhancing capabilities to serve mega-vessels.

System Upgrades

Continuing the Autogate Phase II project at YANTIAN, eliminating manual inspections and 

easing heavy traffic flow in the terminal. Also launching a Mobile Equipment and Vehicle 

Monitoring System to track the movement of all mobile equipment in real time and allow 

the terminals to address issues such as speeding, idling and routing of trucks to increase 

productivity.

Service Expansions

Growing a multi-modular feeder network by sea, rail and land to expedite cargo transfer 

within the Pearl River Delta and to key hinterland areas. 





OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE AND INNOVATION

At HPH Trust, diligence, reliability and cost-efficient front-line management are the 

keys to operational excellence. To maintain these high standards, drive innovation 

and advance operational efficiency, the Operations Development teams at HIT and 

YANTIAN define key performance indicators (“KPIs”) and set operational targets. 

The relevant teams monitor these KPIs daily and track performance for review in 

weekly management meetings.

Our terminals stepped up their operational efficiency during the year by adopting 

new technology and continuing to improve processes. A full review of our operational 

advances in 2017 is available on pages 24–26 of the Annual Report 2017. 

2017 Operational Highlights

HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

&gt; 16

RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS






In 2017, YANTIAN set the following operational 

benchmarks: 

•	 Five container handling records were recognised 

by the Container Branch of the China Ports and 

Harbours Association, including handling more 

than 100 containers per hour for a single vessel. 

•	 Handling a peak day throughput of 77,829 TEU,  

9% more than the figure for 2016. 

•	 Handling 29,584 gate moves in peak day, a 9.4% 

increase over 2016.

We are confident that our operational excellence, 

and continued investments in people, infrastructure, 

technology and equipment, will continue to strengthen 

our business fundamentals. These qualities will 

continue to enhance the Trust’s flexibility and ability 

to better navigate the ever-changing dynamics of the 

global shipping industry and enable us to respond 

swiftly to new opportunities and challenges.

CUSTOMER SERVICE

HPH Trust is a member of one of the world’s leading 

port networks of CKHH. We strive to deliver reliable 

and efficient service to our customers. Our service 

excellence has continued to garner us industry awards 

year after year, and a strong focus on customer service 

helps us maintain this hard-earned reputation. 

The Customer Service teams within the HIT and 

YANTIAN Commercial departments work towards 

providing a one-stop service point for our customers. 

These teams find solutions to help customers solve 

problems, and they initiate joint marketing efforts for 

HPH Trust ports to maximise business value. They 

also conduct regular reviews with customers to assess 

terminal performance and ensure that service delivery 

is meeting customers’ expectations. The commitment 

to forging strategic bonds with different stakeholders 

along the supply chain, such as by holding discussion 

forums and sharing updates of local regulations with 

key shippers and customers, has enabled HPH Trust 

to capitalise on opportunities and promote sustainable 

growth in the industry.

The Customer Service teams also manage ongoing 

engagement with customers, conduct periodic 

meetings, form solid relationships and discuss all 

aspects of service. Through meetings and with the 

support of relevant operations staff members, these 

teams work with customers to optimise solutions, 

sometimes recommending changes in the customers’ 

own practices to improve overall efficiency for all 

parties. They also collaborate with customers to 

capitalise on technology, and improve business and 

data transparency.

To ensure high-quality service delivery, the members 

of these teams respond to feedback individually. In 

2017, we received feedback from major customers 

about vessel turnaround times at HIT. For YANTIAN, 

the main comments were related to the availability of 

berths on arrival and customs inspection processes.

ADVANCING IN

A NEW ERA 

 17 &lt;

RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS




YANTIAN – customer concerns  

&amp; responses

HIGH EXPECTATIONS OF BERTH ON ARRIVAL

Carriers have high expectations that YANTIAN will assist them in meeting vessel schedules. YANTIAN achieves a 

high rate of Berth on Arrival, even when the vessel fails to arrive on schedule.

SIMPLIFYING RELEASE PROCEDURE FOR EMPTY CONTAINERS

Shortening the turnaround time of empty containers is always a key concern for carriers. The lack of empty 

containers during peak seasons is an ongoing concern they raise. We will continue to review the process with 

designated government departments, looking for areas of improvement.

EVALUATING OUT-OF-GAUGE AND BREAK-BULK CARGO HANDLING CAPACITY

As the demand for out-of-gauge and break-bulk cargoes keeps growing, special operational and stacking 

requirements are applied to cargoes. We will continue to review our internal resources and processes in terms of 

safety and efficiency.

STREAMLINING CUSTOMS AND QUARANTINE INSPECTION PROCEDURE

There are instances where export containers miss the vessel schedule due to Customs / China Entry–Exit 

inspection and Quarantine inspection. We will keep communicating with the relevant departments to expedite the 

process and improve our inspection resources.

HIT – customer concerns &amp; responses

IMPROVING THE TURNAROUND TIME OF BARGES AND VESSELS

We are enhancing productivity and mega-vessel handling capacity through a terminal co-management approach 

and infrastructure upgrade. We collaborate with shipping lines to improve sailing schedule forecasts and 

transshipment pre-declarations, and collaborate with barge operators and Pearl River Delta ports to improve 

sharing and data exchange relating to operational information such as barge sailing schedules and berthing 

locations. Barge bookings have been streamlined through an enhanced Common Barge Platform, a common IT 

platform with mobile applications launched to simplify barge scheduling updates and reporting.

ORGANISING JOINT EVENTS TO OPTIMISE BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES

HIT collaborates with shipping lines, barge operators and end users to organise joint events for marketing 

purposes, facilitate shipping information exchanges and strengthen Hong Kong’s position as one of the leading 

transshipment hubs and inbound gateways. Through maintaining close bonds and active dialogues with its 

stakeholders, HIT is able to better address future challenges by catering to the ever-changing needs of its 

customers. 

MINIMISING HUMAN ERROR &amp; STREAMLINING OPERATIONAL FLOW

HIT works to minimise human error and streamline operations by putting necessary procedures in place and 

continuing the digitalisation of its operations. This includes digitalising the shipment process by promoting 

Electronic Release Orders, and improving the visibility of operations through the Customer Plus mobile application.

GOING FORWARD

Going forward, the sustainability reports of HPH Trust will focus on progress towards the sustainability targets.

We will continue to support our ABAC initiatives through training and education, and will investigate and follow up on any 

reported cases of non-compliance. 

The Trust will formally issue a policy update in 2018 to reflect our position against the use of child labour and forced labour.

The Trust will also formalise the procedure for following up on and addressing customer feedback across our operations.

HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

&gt; 18

RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS




Every employee receives an introduction to relevant 

employment-related policies and guidelines during 

his/her staff orientation. The Human Resources 

departments at HIT and YANTIAN, with the support 

of line management, are responsible for managing 

employee recruitment, training, welfare, development, 

performance, benefits and remuneration.

We conduct regular internal audits to ensure that 

these policies and procedures are being closely 

enforced. The Operations departments at HIT and 

YANTIAN are responsible for monitoring the on-site 

working conditions of external contractor workers, and 

checking their employers are providing the expected 

remuneration and welfare.

Due to the 24/7 nature of our business, it is necessary 

for staff members to work in shifts. During 2017, 

engagement with employees at HIT found that career 

prospects and the need to perform shift duties were 

major concerns among staff members. Feedback 

from the recruitment process supports these findings, 

indicating that new candidates and graduates are 

looking for positions with a fast-track for career 

development and are reluctant to take up jobs that 

involve shift duties. Staff satisfaction is very important 

to our operations and in response to these concerns, 

HIT developed a career road map with detailed 

advancement steps, then presented and explained it to 

staff members. We will conduct more studies of shift 

patterns to continue to address these concerns.



Our employees are the driving force 

of our achievements. We are devoted 

to developing home-grown expertise 

to maintain our competitive edge. We 

believe that investing in people is the 

key to the long-term success of the 

Trust.

WORKFORCE 

Our workforce is made up of mostly permanent full-

time workers. There are no part-time or temporary 

workers at YANTIAN. At HIT, there were only 25 

temporary or part-time employees as of 31 December 

2017 (18 male and seven female). The number of 

permanent staff members is set out in the diagrams 

below. We aim to hire new staff members during non-

peak periods to allow for training in preparation for 

peak times. However, there has not been significant 

change in the number of staff members over the 

course of the year.

Figures shown include HIT and YANTIAN as per reporting scope 

As at 31 December 2017

Employees by Age

Over 50 years 

old

727

19%

30–50 years 

old

2,746

71.7%

Under 30 years 

old

356

9.3%

Employees by Gender

MALE

3,348

87.4%

FEMALE

481

12.6%

ADVANCING IN

A NEW ERA 

 19 &lt;

RESPONSIBLE EMPLOYER






The remuneration and benefits policies of YANTIAN 

apply to all employees at the terminal, though benefit 

entitlement varies according to different grades of 

employment. Benefits provided include those required 

by local government, such as social security fund 

(pension fund, medical, unemployment, employment 

injury and maternity insurance) and public housing 

fund.  We also provide workers’ compensation, 

enterprise annuity (supplementary pension), group 

life and accident insurance, death benefits, annual 

physical check-ups, parental leave, annual leave and 

sick leave. Furthermore, YANTIAN participates in 

government-aided rental scheme which benefited over 

300 staff members, and offer local residency transfers 

to Shenzhen.

Reflecting local practice, YANTIAN also provides 

festive gifts, meal subsidies and child study 

sponsorship for all staff members.

HIT and YANTIAN both provide a company bus 

service, sports facilities and an on-site canteen with 

employee discounts.

RECRUITMENT AND RETENTION

Recruiting and retaining employees is a central 

focus for the Human Resources departments at 

HIT and YANTIAN. We have introduced different 

programmes, such as HIT’s Start Your Journey@Port  

programme, to attract diverse types of targeted 

candidates to join the port industry. We conduct 

career talks at universities and continuing education 

programmes, and we participate in relevant job fairs. 

The Staff Referral programme is another channel 

for hiring people into different positions within the 

Operations and Engineering departments.

YANTIAN labour union was established in 2007. 

YANTIAN management team and Labour Union 

representatives worked closely together over the past 

decade to improve communication regarding key staff 

matters, including any issues related to remuneration 

and benefits. In 2018, as in previous years, YANTIAN 

management and labour union representatives 

will negotiate a revised standard of remuneration 

and benefits, and both parties will sign the final 

remuneration agreement.

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

HIT and YANTIAN are committed to ensuring 

compliance with relevant local legal requirements on 

labour practices, and there were no reported incidents 

of non-compliance in 2017. 

HIT provides employees’ compensation, parental 

leave, annual leave, sick leave and Mandatory 

Provident Fund contributions for full- and part-time 

employees. Full-time permanent employees also have 

the option to choose the Occupational Retirement 

Schemes. All employees also have access to the 

employee assistance programme run by the company, 

which provides support during any personal, family or 

work-related difficulties.

Full-time permanent employees also receive group life, 

total permanent disability and medical insurance; and 

are entitled to apply for a Compass Visa credit card, 

which provides discounts at certain retail outlets.

HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

&gt; 20

RESPONSIBLE EMPLOYER






START YOUR JOURNEY@PORT PROGRAMME

Start Your Journey@Port is a HIT programme, developed in collaboration with Hong Kong Institute of Vocational  

Education (“IVE”) and the Hong Kong University School of Professional and Continuing Education (“HKU SPACE”). 

The programme offers scholarships to higher diploma students studying logistics and engineering, and an industrial 

placement internship programme offered to IVE engineering students. HIT also initiated a 24-month Graduate Trainee 

Development Programme (July 2015–17) for university graduates, with the goal to develop home-grown young talent for 

its leadership pipeline.

Turnover and New Hires by Age

Turnover and New Hires by Gender

TURNOVER

NEW HIRES

MALE

5.0% of male

workforce

166

FEMALE

10.8% of female 

workforce

52

MALE

3.8% of male

workforce

127

FEMALE

6.7% of female 

workforce

32

TURNOVER

NEW HIRES

Under 30 years old: 111

31.2% of corresponding age group

30–50 years old: 110

4% of corresponding age group

30–50 years old: 43

1.6% of corresponding age group

Over 50 years old: 27

3.7% of corresponding age group

Over 50 years old: 5

0.7% of corresponding age group

Under 30 years old: 81

22.8% of corresponding age group

Figures shown include HIT and YANTIAN as per reporting scope  

For the year 2017

ADVANCING IN

A NEW ERA 

 21 &lt;

RESPONSIBLE EMPLOYER




•	

management skills, such as situational leadership 

and team leadership

•	

compliance, such as ABAC, competition law and 

our Code of Conduct.

We identify training requirements through 

understanding our business needs, and for individual 

staff members, through the performance appraisal 

process. The Human Resources departments at 

both HIT and YANTIAN work in collaboration with 

other department heads to identify and follow up on 

addressing training needs.

YANTIAN implements its own Training Management 

Policy and offers a Learning Management System to 

provide computer-based training courses. It also offers 

several talent development and transition assistance 

programmes, including a Duty Manager Trainee 

programme, a Commercial Trainee programme, a 

Learning Assistance programme, and training courses 

provided by the Yantian District Government.

TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT

We are committed to providing resources that support 

our staff members’ continuing education. This ensures 

that they are equipped with the relevant knowledge 

and skills they need to build a competent workforce 

that meets our business needs.

All of the Trust employees undertake regular 

performance and career development reviews. In 

2017, all staff at HIT and YANTIAN completed their 

performance reviews.

We offer needs-based training to enhance employees’ 

workplace competence, uplift their skills and help them 

advance their careers with us. The training we offer 

includes:

•	

orientation for new staff members

•	

general topics, such as personal effectiveness, 

languages, soft skills and time management

•	

technical skills and safety

Figures shown include HIT and YANTIAN as per reporting scope  

For the year 2017

TRAINING

Total training hours

46,636.5

Managers and Controllers

(7,676.0 hours total)

20.6 

hours average

Male

(40,744.0 hours total)

12.2 

hours average

Average training hours 

per person

12.2

Front-line

(38,960.5 hours total)

11.3

hours average

Female

(5,892.5 hours total)

12.3

hours average

HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

&gt; 22

RESPONSIBLE EMPLOYER






GOING FORWARD

The Trust will continue to require all permanent 

staff members to complete performance reviews, 

with figures to be reported in the next report. In 

the future, the Trust will also continue to explore 

new operating modes and shift arrangements, 

while balancing operating costs, to provide an 

ideal working environment. The Trust will also 

continue to provide tailor-made and job-specific 

training programmes to develop staff for specific 

roles (for example, for new supervisors and duty 

managers).

It is recognised that operators of remote-

controlled RTGCs require a different skill set due 

to change in operating mode. This provides an 

opportunity for HPH Trust to expand the range 

of skills sought when recruiting, and to develop 

the skills of existing employees.



ADVANCING IN

A NEW ERA 

 23 &lt;

RESPONSIBLE EMPLOYER








Working in container terminals involves 

real danger. Every day, our front-line 

workers are operating large machinery and 

working with heavy and hazardous loads. 

Providing a safe working environment 

and ensuring the safety of staff members, 

external contractor workers and terminal 

users is, without question, our top priority.

In this increasingly digital age, data 

protection is also fast becoming a 

significant aspect of our operational safety. 

Ensuring the security of the Trust’s own 

data and that of our customers is now an 

integral part of business.

We carry out annual safety audits to ensure safety 

procedures are being followed. The Occupational 

Safety and Health Council (“OSHC”) audited HIT in 

May 2017 to assess the efficiency, effectiveness and 

reliability of its Safety Management System. During 

2017, HIT also received the prestigious Continual 

Improvement Safety Programme Recognition of 

System Level 3 Certificate from OSHC.

In 2017, YANTIAN obtained a Level 1 Certificate 

for the Standardisation of Enterprise Transportation 

Safety and Construction for Dangerous Goods 

Operations at Ports, from the Ministry of Transport 

of China. In addition, both HIT and YANTIAN have 

received ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management 

System certification.

Safety risk management includes being prepared for 

emergencies, which also ensures operational continuity. 

HIT and YANTIAN have developed their own 

emergency response plans detailing responsibilities 

and procedures for managing different types of 

emergencies. Both terminals also conduct emergency 

drills throughout the year: HIT and YANTIAN 

conducted 93 drills in 2017, with scenarios ranging from 

firefighting and fire evacuation to gas leakage, chemical 

leakage, and the handling of emergency situations 

caused by extreme weather.

SAFETY POLICIES AND RISK MANAGEMENT

The ultimate goal of the Trust is to achieve zero 

serious injuries and accidents. HIT and YANTIAN 

both have established safety policies and safety 

management systems in accordance with local 

laws and regulations. In 2017, we had zero reported 

incidents of non-compliance with safety laws and 

regulations.

Senior executives and worker representation through 

front-line supervisors make up the Safety and 

Health committees at HIT and YANTIAN. These 

committees hold regular meetings to review and 

discuss any safety risks the terminals are facing or 

could potentially face, and the measures that need to 

be undertaken to mitigate these risks and oversee safe 

operations. Functional departments are responsible 

for incorporating and communicating these practices 

in their training and operations, and raising staff 

awareness about operational safety.



HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

&gt; 24

SAFETY AND SECURITY






In 2017, more than 2,000 external contractor workers 

attended a safety training workshop conducted 

by YANTIAN that reinforced national safety laws 

and regulations, and reviewed accident cases in the 

region. YANTIAN also organised a safety operations 

management meeting with external contractor workers 

to raise awareness about risks in the terminal area, 

with an emphasis on safety as the first priority of the 

terminal’s operations.

June 2017 was the 16th National Safe Production 

Month in China, and the theme for the year was 

“Full implementation of enterprises’ responsibility on 

safety”. YANTIAN organised a series of activities 

to mark the occasion, including lectures on natural 

disasters, fire evacuation drills and experiential 

personal safety exercises (such as artificial respiration). 

These activities, acknowledged by the local authorities, 

attracted the participation of around 5,500 staff 

members and external contractor workers.

SAFETY EQUIPMENT

All staff members, based on their job needs, receive 

personal protection equipment in accordance with 

local laws and regulations. The equipment protects 

them from physical, chemical and biological hazards, 

and may include reflective vests, safety ropes, safety 

helmets, safety gloves and safety boots, respirators 

and chemical protection suits.

Raising the bar on industry best practice, we strive 

to be prepared for any safety-related incidents 

by furnishing the terminals with additional safety 

equipment. YANTIAN, in particular, has safety-related 

equipment that includes two water and foam fire 

trucks, an ambulance, multi-functional gas detectors, 

infrared detectors and electrical protection equipment 

and other professional assistance equipment.

ENGAGING ON SAFETY

Enhancing a culture of employee safety plays a critical 

role in ensuring the safety of all staff members.

HIT has workshops targeting different types of 

audience, focusing on staff members who were 

previously involved with unsafe practices, with 

the aim of raising staff awareness of and alertness 

around safety matters. HIT has also placed slogans 

and posters around its buildings and in yard areas 

to promote occupational safety and health among 

staff members. HIT also published booklets to raise 

awareness about safety for front-line workers. 

YANTIAN conducted a safety training programme 

on national security laws in China, fire safety and 

occupational health, to raise awareness among more 

than 50 new staff members about sources of danger, 

occupational hazards and the correct use of safety 

equipment. YANTIAN also provides refresher training 

each year; in 2017, more than 5,000 staff members 

took part in re-training courses on national safety laws, 

regulations and emergency responses.

A significant number of external contractor workers 

perform activities within our terminals, and it is 

our responsibility to make sure our safe working 

environment extends beyond our employees 

to include them. As such, it is critical that we 

communicate the importance of safety at our 

operations to these external contractor workers when 

we engage them.



ADVANCING IN

A NEW ERA 

 25 &lt;

SAFETY AND SECURITY






SAFETY PERFORMANCE

Despite all our efforts in ensuring the safety of staff 

members and external contractor workers, we regret 

that we had two fatalities in 2017, both involving 

external contractors. One of these incidents occurred 

at the operations included within the scope of this 

report, where an external contractor worker supporting 

the Engineering team was fatally caught between 

a crane structure while replacing wire ropes during 

preventive maintenance. The joint investigation 

conducted by the company and the relevant 

authorities concluded that the case was an accident.

After the incident, HPH Trust business units 

immediately reviewed the wire rope replacement 

procedure, and revised and enhanced the risk 

assessment and safety monitoring mechanism – 

not only for the wire rope replacement work, but 

for all high-risk engineering activities. In addition, 

the crane involved, as well as other cranes of the 

same design, has been modified to prevent similar 

accidents. This modification included installing 

a separate maintenance platform that provides 

a safer environment for workers inspecting and 

replacing wire ropes.

Safety Performance (2017)

Overall

Male

Female

Injury incidence rate (per 1,000 employees)

7.3

7.5

6.2

No. of minor injuries 

27

24

3

No. of major injuries

1

1

0

Lost days frequency rate  

(per 1 million working hours)

98.6

111.1

11.6

No. of lost days 

810

798

12

Absentee rate (per 1 million working hours)

2,057.6

1,947.8

2,819.4

No. of absent days

16,904.2

13,984.7

2,919.5

SAFETY PERFORMANCE 

Injury incidence rate: 7.3 per 1,000 employees

Lost days frequency rate: 98.6 per 1 million working hours

Absentee rate: 2,057.6 per 1 million working hours

HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

&gt; 26

SAFETY AND SECURITY








ADVANCING IN

A NEW ERA 

 27 &lt;



IT SYSTEMS AND  

DATA SECURITY

The Information Service departments at HIT 

and YANTIAN are responsible for ensuring 

the safety of data belonging to the Trust and 

to our customers. Both business units have 

been awarded ISO 27001:2013 certification for 

Information Security Management, and both 

implemented coherent and comprehensive 

suite of information security controls. We 

track information security performance 

monthly through KPIs, and monitor policy 

implementation through regular internal and 

external audits.

We also require that our partners and suppliers 

who have access to customer data have the 

best available internal security measures to 

protect against hacking.

We take confidentiality seriously, especially 

with regard to customer privacy and data. 

Neither HIT nor YANTIAN had any recorded 

breaches of customer privacy, loss of customer 

data, identified digital attack incidents or 

digital security breach incidents in 2017.

SAFETY AND SECURITY




GOING FORWARD

The Trust remains committed to supporting a culture 

of safety, and continues to strive for zero fatalities 

alongside year-on-year improvement in safety 

performance. 

We will formalise our HPH Trust Safety and Security 

Committee in 2018, to co-ordinate and align our 

strategies and priorities with those of our functional 

safety workgroups, and facilitate better communication 

among the various HPH Trust terminals. We will 

continue to work with user departments to refine 

safety standards and set targets for the key trades 

where we source external contractors, and will track 

our performance against these standards. We will also 

evaluate our centralised safety induction training for 

new staff members and external contractor workers, to 

assess the cost and benefit of this approach.

HPH Trust will continue to participate in the Hutchison 

Ports Safety Committee, which covers 52 ports in 26 

countries, sharing best practices, industry trends and 

case studies among the members of the network.

For our Hong Kong port operations, we will conduct 

a gap analysis to compare requirements under ISO 

45001 – Occupational Health and Safety with our 

current operating standards. The goal is to adopt 

the same standard across all our terminals in Hong 

Kong, replacing the different safety management 

certifications we have obtained in the past.

We will seek to maintain the certification for 

our information management systems at HIT 

and YANTIAN, and will continue to protect our 

customers’ data. In 2018, the annual emergency drill 

at YANTIAN will involve a cyberattack scenario, 

testing our backup plans, the efficiency of our internal 

recovery procedures, the effectiveness of related 

communications, and cross-department co-ordination 

and response. With a combination of technical 

and physical security controls, internal review and 

sound practices, our target is to work towards zero 

compromise of our critical IT infrastructure and zero 

loss or unauthorised access to customer data in our 

terminal operating system. 

HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

&gt; 28

SAFETY AND SECURITY






HPH Trust is committed to proactively 

managing our environmental impacts 

and advocating for environmentally 

responsible practices among our 

business partners. The Trust will continue 

to uphold best practices in energy 

efficiency, pollution prevention, emissions 

reduction, operational sustainability and 

environmental protection.

China submitted its Intended Nationally Determined 

Contribution (“INDC”) to the United Nations 

Framework Convention on Climate Change in 2015. 

The INDC indicates that by 2030, China will have 

lowered its carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP 

by 60–65% compared to 2005 levels, and will have 

increased the share of non-fossil fuels in its primary 

energy consumption to around 20%. The Government 

of the Hong Kong SAR has also adopted a multi-

pronged approach to reducing carbon emissions, 

and has committed to reducing carbon intensity by 

50–60% of 2005 levels by 2020. We recognise that 

with operations in China and Hong Kong, we will play 

a part in helping achieve these commitments.

Our environmental commitments and actions 

are guided by publicly accessible environmental 

protection policies and ISO 14001–certified 

environmental management systems at HIT and 

YANTIAN. The HPH Trust Environmental Steering 

Committee consists of representatives from each 

business unit, and meets every quarter to review 

environmental management performance.

ENERGY CONSERVATION 

Operating heavy machinery in the terminals consumes 

a large amount of energy. We have identified gantry 

cranes and vehicles as the most energy- and fuel-

intensive consumption sources. The Engineering 

teams at HIT and YANTIAN periodically measure 

energy consumption and report this information to  

the Management.

The Trust relies on technological advances and good 

operating practices to continually reduce our energy 

consumption and improve energy efficiency. Since 

2008, it has been gradually replacing diesel-powered 

RTGCs with hybrid-powered RTGCs and eRTGCs. 

Both replacement types consume up to 50% less fuel 

than diesel-powered RTGCs.

In 2017, we replaced 14 diesel-powered RTGCs with 

hybrid-powered RTGCs. HIT and YANTIAN both had 

2017 utilisation rate targets of 85–88% for eRTGCs. The 

measured eRTGC utilisation rate was approximately 90% 

for both HIT and YANTIAN, comfortably exceeding 

these targets. 

*L = Litre

#Kg = Kilogram

@kWh = Kilowatt hour

&amp;GJ = Gigajoule

Figures shown include HIT and YANTIAN as per reporting scope

For the year 2017

Energy Consumption

Fossil fuels

Electricity

770,919GJ

30%

1,829,229GJ

70%

Energy Consumption

FY2017

Natural gas 

226,100,000 L*

Liquefied natural gas 

10,044,230,000 L*

Petrol 

637,318 L*

Diesel 

37,396,555 L*

Liquified petroleum gas 

285,113 Kg#

Purchased electricity 

214,144,113 kWh@

Total energy consumption

2,600,147 GJ&amp;

Energy intensity

0.123 GJ/TEU

ADVANCING IN

A NEW ERA 

 29 &lt;

THE ENVIRONMENT


We are also continuously replacing conventional lighting 

such as high-pressure sodium floodlights on RTGCs, 

light towers and quay cranes with energy-saving LED 

lights. In 2017, our energy-saving measures reduced our 

energy consumption by 6,658 gigajoules.

CLEAN AIR

Tackling climate change requires us to reduce 

greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions and take steps 

to adapt to the changing climate so we can ensure 

business continuity. In addition to reducing our own 

GHG emissions, we believe we have a moral duty 

to help shipping line customers reduce their GHG 

emissions and comply with the standards of the 

increased regulations in this area.

The Engineering and Operations teams at HIT and 

YANTIAN are responsible for driving down the Trust’s 

carbon footprint. In 2017, actions taken to reduce 

our energy consumption also reduced our carbon 

emissions, helping us achieve an emissions intensity of 

0.0136 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (“CO2e”) 

per TEU. Emissions are calculated based on local 

standards** where our business units operate.

CLEAN ENGINES AND FUELS

YANTIAN is one of the first container terminal 

operators in China to use mobile onshore power 

systems, and currently has the largest shore power 

capacity in the country. Four sets of mobile onshore 

power systems with a total of 16 megavolt-amp 

capacity provide shore power to 10 mega-vessel 

berths. When vessels connect to onshore power 

systems, they tap into the local electricity grid to 

power their needs instead of running their diesel 

engines, reducing engine noise and emissions. 

YANTIAN has provided shore power to numerous 

mega-vessels from international shipping lines 

including China COSCO Shipping, Evergreen Marine 

Corporation, CMA CGM Group and Yang Ming 

Marine Transport Corporation.

YANTIAN is also the first container terminal operator 

in China to deploy container tractors powered by 

LNG in its operations, running 340 LNG-powered 

tractors around the clock. Compared to diesel-

powered container tractors with the same horsepower, 

LNG-powered tractors emit 82% less exhaust emission 

matter.

GOING FORWARD

We are committed to identifying our major indirect 

sources of GHG emissions and setting procedures 

to reliably measure and report on them. We strive to 

strike a balance between saving energy, controlling 

emissions and cost-efficiency when identifying 

and piloting new technology. We evaluate the use 

of alternative and renewable energy based on its 

availability and cost, and whether our local operations 

can effectively adopt these energy sources.

Operations at YANTIAN were included in the 2017 

roll-out of the national carbon trading scheme of 

China, and we are committed to achieving a 4% year-

on-year reduction of CO2e emissions at YANTIAN. 

We will also continue to pursue our drive for efficiency 

across our operations, including by expanding shore 

power capacity at YANTIAN to support 13 mega-

vessel berths, and continuing to upgrade equipment.

**   The follow standards were adopted:

Emissions

Scope 1 –  

Direct emissions

Scope 2 –  

Indirect emissions

164,010 tonnes CO2e

57%

122,508 tonnes CO2e

43%

Total

286,518 tonnes 

CO2e

Hong Kong: Guidelines to Account for and Report on 

Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Removals for Buildings 

(Commercial, Residential or Institutional Purposes) in Hong Kong 

(2010 Edition)

Shenzhen: Specification with guidance for quantification and 

reporting of the organisation’s greenhouse gas emissions (2012)

Figures shown include HIT and YANTIAN as per reporting scope  

For the year 2017

HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

&gt; 30

THE ENVIRONMENT








We are committed to supporting and 

contributing to the local communities 

where we operate. Our community 

activities involve nurturing the youth, 

supporting the elderly and providing 

opportunities for employment. A 

significant portion of the Trust’s 

engagement with local communities 

is through our employee volunteering 

programmes.

Young Entrepreneurs Development Council  

visits HIT

A group of 12 students from the Young Entrepreneurs 

Development Council (“YDC”) visited HIT. HIT 

supports the Mind Way, My Way® Life Planning 

programme operated by the YDC, which aims to 

raise students’ awareness of and interest in science, 

technology, engineering and mathematics subjects. 

In addition to the terminal visit, Lawrence Li, Head 

of Information Services at HIT, shared with students 

various aspects of the terminal’s systems.

Summer interns learning through action

HIT offers a summer internship programme to 

nurture young students. In 2017, a group of 16 interns 

participated in an eight-week programme that 

involved job attachment, terminal visit, team-building 

workshop and group project. The theme of the group 

project was “S3 Lift: Simple Life, Sharing, Staying 

Positive”. The interns presented their project findings 

to HIT employees in the form of interactive games 

and activities at an event on 31 July, with more than 

300 staff members in attendance.

Terminal visit for local university students

Around 50 local university students from the Maritime 

Aviation Training Fund (“MATF”) student internship 

scheme visited HIT to tour its facilities and gain a better 

understanding of container terminal operations. MATF 

is an initiative run by the Transport and Housing Bureau 

of Hong Kong to promote careers in the maritime and 

aviation industries.

This is the fourth year HIT has partnered with MATF 

to provide terminal visits and internships for students 

during the summer holidays.

YANTIAN Commercial Trainee programme  

for young talent

YANTIAN held a three-week summer internship 

programme for students from Dalian Maritime 

University and Shenzhen University in 2017, the 

11th year of this annual programme. During the 

internship, students learned about terminal operations 

and business management by interacting with 

YANTIAN representatives. Two of these interns went 

on to participate in a two-year commercial trainee 

programme at YANTIAN.

EDUCATION 

We actively engage with schools, vocational 

institutions and universities to raise students’ awareness 

of and interest in the port industry; to educate them 

about the specifics of the ports business through 

presentations and projects; and to provide internship 

and employment opportunities. Through these 

activities, we seek to help young people better 

understand the industry and inspire them to develop 

their career in this industry.

Third HIT Scholarship Award  

Presentation Ceremony

The third HIT Scholarship Award Presentation 

Ceremony recognised scholarship recipients from 

HKU SPACE and IVE.

HIT has integrated this scholarship into a pre-

employment scheme that includes a three-month HIT 

placement and subsequent skills development. In 2017, 

more than 250 students joined terminal visits at HIT, 

while 160 students attended port-specific seminars as 

part of the Start Your Journey@Port programme.

Dock School Competition Certification Ceremony

HIT Managing Director Gerry Yim presented 

certificates and incentive awards to five winning teams 

in the Final Year Project Competition, part of the Dock 

School programme offered by HIT. More than 20 

teams of IVE students entered the competition, each 

using a different container terminal as the focus of a 

project titled “Maritime Transport Management”.

ADVANCING IN

A NEW ERA 

 31 &lt;

COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT


Lunar New Year greetings

YANTIAN representatives visited Yantian District Social Welfare Centre (“YDSWC”) 

to deliver Lunar New Year greetings to elderly residents. YANTIAN staff members and 

volunteers decorated the centre to create a festive atmosphere.

In-flat maintenance services at Lai King Estate

HIT employees volunteered to provide in-flat maintenance services at Lai King Estate. 

12 HIT volunteers organised by the Community Caring Group helped four households 

with cleaning and minor repairs, and replacing small electrical fixtures.

Chinese Seniors’ Day

A YANTIAN volunteer team and staff representatives joined a party celebrating 

Chinese Seniors’ Day with the elderly residents of the YDSWC. At the event, the 

YDSWC presented a plaque to YANTIAN commending its caregiving efforts. 

Hong Kong Maritime Week 2017

For the second year running, HIT and COSCO-HIT participated in the Hong Kong 

Maritime Week Opening Ceremony Orienteering Race. This event is co-organised 

by the Hong Kong Maritime and Port Board, Hong Kong Shipowners Association and 

Hong Kong Maritime Museum. A total of six teams from both terminals entered the 

race and were named second runner-up in the Corporate Group category.

COMMUNITY

Shenzhen Port Environment Day

YANTIAN arranged a terminal tour for around 60 local residents as part of 

Shenzhen Port Environment Day, hosted by the Shenzhen Ports Association.

Community Graffiti Day @ the Terminals

HIT, COSCO-HIT and ACT jointly organised Community Graffiti Day@ the 

Terminals, to promote community harmony through graffiti art. Nearly 100 

participants  from different age groups – including staff members and local 

Kwai Tsing residents – transformed 10 containers into dazzling works of art.

EMPLOYEE VOLUNTEERING







HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

&gt; 32

COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT


Investors

Employees

Government

Contractors 

&amp; Suppliers

Customers

People &amp;  

Community

Port Users

Responsible Business

Anti-bribery and anti-corruption 

●

●

●

●

●

Respecting our people

●

●

●

●

●

Operational excellence and innovation

●

●

●

●

Customer service

●

●

●

●

Responsible Employer

Employee well-being

●

●

●

Recruitment and retention

●

●

●

The Environment

Energy conservation

●

●

●

●

Clean air

●

●

●

●

●

Clean engines and fuels

●

●

Safety and Security

Safety risk management

●

●

Safety policies and practices

●

●

●

Safety equipment

●

●

●

●

IT systems and data security

●

●

●

●

●

HPH TRUST’S MATERIALITY MATRIX

MATERIAL TOPIC BOUNDARIES

Refuge and assistance

Contractor working conditions

Employee

well-being

Diversity and 

inclusion

Safety risk 

management

Operational excellence 

and innovation

Clean engines and fuels

Energy conservation

Anti-bribery and anti-corruption

Safety equipment

Clean air

Recruitment

and retention

Safety 

policies and 

practices

Biodiversity

Container weight

Training and development

Community impact

Water conservation

Strategic collaboration

Customer 

service

Respecting our people

Suppy chain risk management

Fair competition

Responsible waste disposal

Employee engagement

Minimising noise

Economic contribution

Responsible Business

Low

Low

Significance to business

Categories

Importance to stakeholders

High

High

Responsible Employer

The Environment

Safety and Security

People and Community

Note: 13 topics including 12 topics located in the top right quadrant of the materiality matrix and “IT Systems and Data Security”, are the focus of this sustainability report

ADVANCING IN

A NEW ERA 

 33 &lt;

APPENDIX






HIT

British Chamber of Commerce in Hong Kong

Business Environment Council

Employers’ Federation of Hong Kong

Hong Kong Container Terminal Operators Association 

Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce 

Hong Kong Logistics Association

Hong Kong Maritime and Port Board

Hong Kong Maritime Museum Trust

Sailors Home and Mission to Seamen 

The Chartered Institute of Logistics and Transport

The Merchant Service Club

YANTIAN

China Communications and Transportation Association 

China Port Association

China Promotion Consortium for Special Equipment 

Safety and Energy-saving 

China Water Transportation Construction Association

Guangdong Port &amp; Harbours Association 

Industry Association, Guangdong Shenzhen Customs 

Brokers Association 

Refrigeration Logistics Special Interest Committee of 

Guangdong Logistics 

Shenzhen Association for Friendship with Foreign 

Countries

Shenzhen Association of Enterprises with Foreign 

Investment 

Shenzhen Container Yard Association 

Shenzhen Entry &amp; Exit Inspection and Quarantine 

Association

Shenzhen Federation of Returned Overseas Chinese

Shenzhen Ports Association

Shenzhen Port Facility Security Association 

Shenzhen Publishers Association

Shenzhen Society of Macroeconomics

The Radio Association of China

MEMBERSHIPS

AND ASSOCIATIONS



HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

&gt; 34

APPENDIX


GRI 102: GENERAL DISCLOSURES 2016

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

ADVANCING IN

A NEW ERA 

 35 &lt;

GRI CONTENT INDEX

DISCLOSURE

DESCRIPTION

PAGE, REFERENCE OR ADDITIONAL 

COMMENT

Organisational Profile

102-1

Name of the organisation

Hutchison Port Holdings Trust  

(“HPH Trust” or “Trust”)

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

Pages 7 - 11

102-3

Location of headquarters

The place of business for the Trustee-Manager in 

Hong Kong is at HIT in Kwai Tsing, Hong Kong

102-4

Location of operations

Pages 7 - 11

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Pages 7 - 8

102-6

Markets served 

Pages 7 - 11

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Pages 7 - 11, 19

Also refer to “HPH Trust Annual Report 2017”  

pages 7, 71–73

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Pages 10 - 11, 13, 19, 21

Data compilation based on Human Resources 

records

102-9

Supply chain

Page 13

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain

No significant changes

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

Page 13

102-12

External initiatives

Page 34

102-13

Membership of associations

Page 34

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker 

Pages 4 - 5

Ethics and Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour

Page 12

Corporate culture is promoted under a two-tier 

system headed by the Corporate Culture Steering 

Committee of the Trust, which is chaired by the 

General Manager of Human Resources, and 

implemented by a task force composed of members 

from all business units within the Trust. Various staff 

activities are built around the corporate values to 

reinforce the Trust’s corporate culture


HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

&gt; 36

DISCLOSURE

DESCRIPTION

PAGE, REFERENCE OR ADDITIONAL 

COMMENT

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

Pages 12 - 13

Also refer “HPH Trust Annual Report 2017”  

pages 42 - 59

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups 

Page 14

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Not applicable for HIT as the Hong Kong 

Employment Ordinance does not provide for 

collective bargaining agreements.

100% of employees at YANTIAN are covered by 

collective negotiation

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Page 14

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Pages 1, 14

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Pages 1, 33

Reporting Practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements

Refer “HPH Trust Annual Report 2017” pages 66 - 122

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

Pages 1, 33

102-47

List of material topics

Pages 1, 33

102-48

Restatements of information

Page 33

There are no restatements of information

102-49

Changes in reporting

This is the first sustainability report for the Trust

102-50

Reporting period

Page 1

1 January to 31 December 2017

102-51

Date of most recent report

This is the first sustainability report for the Trust

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

Page 1

ir@hphtrust.com

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards

Page 1

102-55

GRI content index

Pages 35 - 40

102-56

External assurance

No external assurance was sought for this report

GRI CONTENT INDEX


TOPIC-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

ADVANCING IN

A NEW ERA 

 37 &lt;

GRI 

STANDARD

DISCLOSURE

DESCRIPTION

PAGE, REFERENCE OR 

ADDITIONAL COMMENT

ENVIRONMENT

Topic: Energy Conservation

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

Pages 1, 29 - 30, 33

103-2

The management approach and its components 

Pages 29 - 30

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Page 29

GRI 302: 

Energy 2016

302-1

Energy consumption within the organisation

Page 29

302-3

Energy intensity

Page 29

Topic: Clean Air 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

Pages 1, 29 - 30, 33

103-2

The management approach and its components 

Page 30

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Page 30

GRI 305: 

Emissions 

2016

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Page 30

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

Page 30

305-4

GHG emissions intensity

Page 30

Topic: Clean Engines and Fuels

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

Pages 1, 29 - 30, 33

103-2

The management approach and its components 

Page 30

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Page 30

Non-GRI

Use of clean engines and fuels

Page 30

RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS

Topic: Anti-bribery and Anti-corruption 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

Pages 1, 15, 33

103-2

The management approach and its components 

Page 15

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Page 15

GRI CONTENT INDEX


HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

&gt; 38

GRI CONTENT INDEX

GRI 

STANDARD

DISCLOSURE

DESCRIPTION

PAGE, REFERENCE OR 

ADDITIONAL COMMENT

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 

2016

205-2

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures

Page 15

Topic: Respecting our People

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

Pages 1, 16, 33

103-2

The management approach and its components 

Page 16

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Page 16

GRI 408: 

Child Labour 

2016

408-1

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 

incidents of child labour

Page 16

GRI 409: 

Forced or 

Compulsory 

Labour 2016

409-1

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 

incidents of forced or compulsory labour

Page 16

Topic: Operational Excellence and Innovation

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

Pages 1, 16 - 17, 33

103-2

The management approach and its components 

Pages 16 - 17

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Pages 16 - 17

Non-GRI

Measuring efficiency

Pages 16 - 17

Non-GRI

Operational excellence awards or recognition

Pages 16 - 17

Topic: Customer Service

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

Pages 1, 17 - 18, 33

103-2

The management approach and its components 

Pages 17 - 18

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Pages 17 - 18

Non-GRI

Customer complaints received

Pages 17 - 18

200 complaints were received for 

HIT operations in 2017. YANTIAN 

does not keep a complaints log; 

complaints are dealt with on an 

individual basis by the account 

servicing team, with top issues 

identified through meetings and 

related de-briefings


ADVANCING IN

A NEW ERA 

 39 &lt;

GRI 

STANDARD

DISCLOSURE

DESCRIPTION

PAGE, REFERENCE OR 

ADDITIONAL COMMENT

RESPONSIBLE EMPLOYER

Topic: Employee Welfare

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

Pages 1, 19 - 20, 33

103-2

The management approach and its components 

Pages 19 - 20

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Pages 19 - 20

GRI 401: 

Employment 

2016

401-2

Benefits provided to full-time employees that 

are not provided to temporary or part-time 

employees

Pages 19 - 20

Topic: Recruitment and Retention

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

Pages 1, 20 - 22, 33

103-2

The management approach and its components 

Pages 20 - 22

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Pages 20 - 22

GRI 401: 

Employment 

2016

401-1

New employee hires and employee turnover

Page 21

Total turnover was 218 in 2017, a 

rate of 5.7% of the workforce at 

HIT and YANTIAN.

In 2017, a total of 159 new hires 

joined, a rate of 4.2% of the 

workforce at HIT and YANTIAN

GRI 404: 

Training &amp; 

Education 

2016

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

Page 22

404-2

Programmes for updating employee skills and 

transition assistance programmes

Page 21 - 22

404-3

Percentage of employees receiving regular 

performance and career development reviews

Page 22

SAFETY AND SECURITY

Topic: Safety Risk Management

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

Pages 1, 24 - 26, 33

103-2

The management approach and its components 

Page 24

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Page 24

Non-GRI

Safety risk

Page 24

Non-GRI

Emergency preparedness and response

Page 24

GRI CONTENT INDEX


HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

&gt; 40

GRI CONTENT INDEX

GRI 

STANDARD

DISCLOSURE

DESCRIPTION

PAGE, REFERENCE OR 

ADDITIONAL COMMENT

Topic: Safety Policies and Practices

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

Pages 1, 24 - 26, 33

103-2

The management approach and its components 

Pages 24 - 26

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Pages 24 - 26

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health &amp; 

Safety 2016

403-1

Workers representation in formal joint 

management-worker health and safety committees

Page 24

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number 

of work-related fatalities

Page 26

Topic: Safety Equipment

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

Pages 1, 24 - 26, 33

103-2

The management approach and its components 

Page 25

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Page 25

Non-GRI

Safety equipment provided

Page 25

Topic: IT Systems and Data Security

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

Pages 1, 27 - 28, 33

103-2

The management approach and its components 

Page 27

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Page 27

GRI 418: 

Customer 

Privacy 2016

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches 

of customer privacy and losses of customer data

Page 27

Non-GRI

Data security incidents

Page 27


A

ABAC

Anti-bribery and anti-corruption

ACT

Asia Container Terminals

APS

Asia Port Services Limited

C

CEO

Chief Executive Officer

CKHH

CK Hutchison Holdings Limited

CO2e

Carbon dioxide equivalent

COSCO-HIT

COSCO-HIT Terminals

COSCO SHIPPING Ports

COSCO SHIPPING Ports Limited

COSO

Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission

CT9 North

Container Terminal 9 North

E

eRTGC(s)

Electric-powered rubber-tyred gantry crane(s)

ESG

Environmental, social and governance

G

GHG

Greenhouse gas

GRI

Global Reporting Initiative

H

HICT

Huizhou International Container Terminals

HIT

Hongkong International Terminals

HKU SPACE

Hong Kong University School of Professional and Continuing Education

HPH

Hutchison Port Holdings Limited

HPH Trust

Hutchison Port Holdings Trust

Hutchison Logistics

HPH E. Commerce Limited

I

INDC

Intended Nationally Determined Contribution

IVE

Hong Kong Institute of Vocational Education

J

Jiangmen Terminal

Jiangmen International Container Terminals

ADVANCING IN

A NEW ERA 

 41 &lt;

GLOSSARY


K

KPI(s)

Key Performance Indicator(s)

L

LNG

Liquefied natural gas

M

MATF

Maritime Aviation Training Fund

N

Nanhai Terminal

Nanhai International ContainerTerminals 

O

OSHC

Occupational Safety and Health Council 

R

RTGC(s)

Rubber-tyred gantry crane(s)

S

SSC

Sustainability Steering Committee

SGX

Singapore Exchange

SHICD

Shenzhen Hutchison Inland Container Depots Co., Limited

T

TEU

Twenty-foot equivalent unit

Trust

Hutchison Port Holdings Trust

Trustee-Manager

Hutchison Port Holdings Management Pte. Limited

Y

Yantian

Yantian District in Shenzhen

YANTIAN

Yantian International Container Terminals

YDC

The Young Entrepreneurs Development Council

YDSWC

Yantian District Social Welfare Centre

HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017

&gt; 42

GLOSSARY


HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

150 Beach Road

#17-03 Gateway West

Singapore 189720

Tel: (65) 6294 8028

Email: ir@hphtrust.com

hphtrust.com

