
 




CONTENTS 

 

Pg 1 CEO’s Message  

Pg 3 Welcome and Readers Guide 

Pg 4 About Hyflux 

Pg 8 Our Material Issues 

Pg 10 Stakeholder Engagement 

Pg 13 Our Environment 

Pg 22 Governance and Risk Management 

Pg 26 Our People 

Pg 34 Our Community 

Pg 37 GRI Content Index 

 

 

 

 

 

We are committed to delivering sustainable and innovative 

environmental solutions for municipalities and industries 

worldwide to address the global resource challenges. 

 

VISION 

 

To be the leading company the world seeks for innovative and effective environmental 

solutions 

 

MISSION 

 

To provide efficient and cost-effective solutions to meet our clients’ needs through 

innovation and technological advancement 

 

 


1 

 

CEO’S MESSAGE 

 

Dear Stakeholders,   

 

The financial year ending 31 December 2017 was an extremely difficult year for 

Hyflux Ltd (Hyflux or the Group). We reported our first annual operating loss of 

S$115.6 million in FY2017, due to depressed electricity prices which adversely 

impacted Tuaspring Integrated Water and Power Project (IWPP)’s financial 

performance. The prolonged weakness in the Singapore power market 

continued into 2018 as a result of excess take-or-pay gas in the market 

committed by all the power generation companies, and a lower than projected 

energy demand in the Singapore market. These losses have gradually weakened 

the Group’s balance sheet and its perceived ability to raise new financing. The 

weak power market has also impacted the Group’s ability to divest the Tuaspring 

plant, the largest asset on our balance sheet. In our capital-intensive industry, 

recycling capital through adopting an asset light strategy is a critical element of 

our business model. 

 

On 22 May 2018, in order to preserve value for stakeholders and reposition 

ourselves for the long term, we proactively and voluntarily applied for a court 

supervised liabilities reorganisation. The reorganisation process is arduous given 

the complexity of our business and the large number of stakeholders involved.  

Through the process so far, we are grateful for the support of our stakeholders, 

including the offtakers of our operating assets, as well as existing clients who 

continue to award us with new projects. Barely five months into the 

reorganisation process, in mid-October 2018, we announced the signing of a 

restructuring agreement with SM Investment Pte Ltd, an Indonesian consortium 

comprising the Salim and Medco Groups, keen on investing in Hyflux. We are 

currently making headway in our discussions on formulating a reorganisation 

plan for our stakeholders to preserve Hyflux’s assets and value, and we are 

hopeful that we will secure the necessary support from all stakeholders in the 

coming months.  

 

Throughout this process, the Hyflux Board of Directors continue to be fully 

committed to sustainability. We continue to instil good sustainability practices 

in all our business operations and processes during this challenging time in view 

of a long-term growth objective. There is a need to continually inject good 

Environmental, Social and Governmental (ESG) practices in our ongoing projects 

to ensure efficient and fair practices.   

 

 


2 

 

In this year’s report, we are adopting the Global Reporting Standards (GRI) 

“Core” which supersede the previous GRI G4 Guidelines. To ensure that we are 

reviewing our sustainability standards, we have performed a re-evaluation of 

our material issues for FY2017 on page 8 where we have outlined our key 

sustainability metrics in FY2017. 

 

In line with global initiatives to combat climate change, the Singapore 

government announced an initial carbon tax of S$5 per tonne of greenhouse 

emission on large direct emitters from 2019 to 2023. While this upcoming 

regulation will impact our Tuaspring Power Plant and TuasOne Waste-to-Energy 

(WTE) in Singapore, our efforts and technological initiatives towards minimising 

environmental impact across all our facilities and operations over the years will 

position us well for these regulatory changes. 

 

At the core of our business are our resilient employees who have shouldered 

extra responsibilities without additional compensation or benefits during this 

challenging reorganisation period. They are our greatest asset and their safety 

is of utmost priority to Hyflux. Health and safety polices are strictly adhered to 

by all employees and contractors as we stay committed to ensure that our plants 

and operation sites are accident-free. We will continue to uphold safety 

standards to maintain a good safety record. We will continue to invest in our 

employees’ training and development to enhance and value-add to their 

capabilities. 

 

Delivering innovative and sustainable environmental solutions to the world has 

always been and will remain core to Hyflux’s business. We continue to strike a 

balance between business, social and environmental objectives as we position 

ourselves more strongly for the future.  As always, we remain mindful of Hyflux’s 

role as a responsible corporate citizen and to treat with care, the environment 

in which we operate.  

 

Ms Olivia Lum 

Executive Chairman and Group Chief Executive Officer 


3 

 

WELCOME AND READERS GUIDE  

 

In FY2016, in support of the sustainability reporting initiative by the Singapore Exchange 

(SGX), Hyflux Ltd published our inaugural sustainability report a year ahead of mandatory 

requirement. FY2017 marks our second sustainability report. In this report, Hyflux continues 

to highlight critical sustainability data and how some processes have been refined during the 

year. Hyflux is dedicated to achieving sustainability objectives through maintaining high 

workplace safety standards, creating sustainable environmental solutions, developing 

people, and giving back to the community.  

 

SCOPE OF THIS REPORT 

 

Our sustainability report covers data and relevant activities in FY2017 in the Group’s key 

markets in Singapore, China, the Middle East and Africa where we exercise operational 

control. Data is not available in some markets at this point in time. For FY2017, we have 

produced the report in accordance with the Global Reporting Standards (GRI) “Core” which 

supersede the GRI G4 Guidelines. The GRI Content Index can be found on page 37 of this 

report.   

 

AVAILABILITY 

 

This sustainability report is available online on our website at www.hyflux.com.  

 

We have not printed any copy as part of cost cutting and eco-friendly measures. 

 

FEEDBACK 

 

Hyflux listens to our stakeholders. We welcome your feedback on this report at 

investor@hyflux.com.  

 

 


4 

 

ABOUT HYFLUX 

 

As a global provider of sustainable solutions, the Hyflux Group is committed to resource 

optimisation and sustainable development. A specialist in water treatment and among the 

top global desalination plant providers, Hyflux is distinctive in its ability to address the 

challenges at every point of the water value chain. The Group has expanded its offerings to 

include power generation and waste-to-energy.  

 

Headquartered and listed in Singapore, the Group employs over 1,800 employees worldwide. 

Hyflux's track record spans across Asia, the Middle East and Africa. It includes one of the 

world’s largest seawater reverse osmosis desalination plants in Algeria and Asia’s first 

Integrated Water and Power Project in Singapore. 

 

 

CORE CAPABILITIES ACROSS THE VALUE CHAIN 

 

Fully Integrated Solutions Provider 

 

 

 

ENGINEERING, PROCUREMENT AND CONSTRUCTION (EPC)  

 

The development of large-scale desalination, power and waste-to-energy plants lies at the 

core of Hyflux’s business. Depending on the client’s tender specifications, such construction 

projects are done on an EPC, Build-Operate-Transfer (BOT) or Build-Own-Operate (BOO) 

basis. The TuasOne WTE Plant marks an important milestone for the Group as it widens the 

Group’s capabilities in the total sustainable environmental solution space.  

 

 

Research &amp; 

Development

Project Origination/

Market Access

Design &amp; Process 

Engineering

Membrane 

Manufacturing

Engineering, 

Procurement &amp; 

Construction

Operations &amp; 

Maintenance


5 

 

OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE (O&amp;M)  

 

Hyflux operates water, wastewater, water recycling, desalination and power plants 

worldwide. As the Group actively pursues more projects worldwide, coupled with the 

completion of Qurayyat Independent Water Project (IWP) and the TuasOne WTE Plant, we 

expect our O&amp;M contribution to grow in the years to come.   

 

 

GEOGRAPHICAL PRESENCE  

 

 

 

 

 

Singspring Desalination Plant, Singapore 

 

The SingSpring Desalination Plant at Tuas is Singapore’s first seawater desalination plant and 

it meets approximately 10% of the nation’s water needs. Under a 20-year build-own-operate 

arrangement with PUB, the plant produces 136,380 million cubic metres per day (m3/day) of 

potable water, enough to fill about 55 Olympic size swimming pools. It adopts reverse osmosis 

technology with semi-permeable membranes. The plant was one of PUB’s pioneering public-

private partnership initiatives and was completed three months ahead of schedule in 

September 2005. The project financing deal was awarded the Euromoney Asia Pacific Water 

Deal of the Year in 2003. This award set a new benchmark in terms of scope as well as 

complexity of execution in the growing market of privately financed water projects. It also 

won Distinction at the Global Water Awards 2006. 






6 

 

 

Tuaspring Integrated Water &amp; Power Project (IWPP), Singapore  

 

The Tuaspring IWPP is Singapore’s second and largest seawater desalination plant. It is Asia’s 

first IWPP, with desalination capacity of 318,500 m3/day and an on-site 411 megawatt (MW) 

combined cycle gas turbine power plant to supply power to the desalination plant and to the 

National Electricity Market of Singapore. Together with the SingSpring Desalination Plant, it 

can meet up to 25% of the country’s water needs. It won Distinction at the Global Water 

Awards 2014. For water and energy efficiency initiatives, please refer to page 18. 

 

Magtaa Desalination Plant, Algeria  

 

With a designed capacity of 500,000 m3/day, the project is one of the world’s largest 

ultrafiltration and reverse osmosis desalination plants. The Group won the bid amidst intense 

global competition with top international players shortly after winning the 200,000 m3/day 

Souk Tleta desalination project in October 2006. This landmark win has helped the Group 

surge ahead in the global water landscape. It has won the Global Water Intelligence (GWI) 

Commendation Award for Desalination Deal of the Year in 2010 and the GWI Commendation 

Award for Desalination Plant of the Year in 2015. 

 

Souk Tleta Desalination Plant, Algeria 

 

The Souk Tleta Desalination Plant is a joint venture project with Malakoff AlDjazair Desal Sdn 

Bhd and Algerian Energy Company, the state-owned company handling power and water 

privatisation exercises in Algeria. It marks the Group’s entry into the water treatment market 

in Algeria and the Middle East North Africa region. 

 

The plant, which is situated just 50 m from the coast, produces water for both the state-

owned water entity and national oil company of Algeria.  

 

 

Tianjin Dagang Desalination Plant, People’s Republic of China (PRC) 

 

The Tianjin Dagang Desalination Plant is the largest membrane-based seawater desalination 

plant in the PRC and one of the world’s most northern large-scale desalination plants. It 

utilises the Group’s proprietary Kristal® polymeric ultrafiltration membranes for the pre-

treatment process, and a double-pass reverse osmosis process to produce water for Tianjin’s 

petrochemical industries. 

 

Sited next to the existing Dagang power plant, the Tianjin Dagang Desalination Plant derives 

its feed water from the cooling water discharge of the power plant. With the intake water 

being 5°C warmer than the ambient temperature, lower osmotic pressure is required during 

the treatment process, resulting in lower energy consumption and higher efficiency levels. 

The plant’s modular design has also enabled the delivery of water on specification only three 

months from testing and commissioning. 

 

 


7 

 

PROJECTS UNDER DEVELOPMENT/ TESTING AND COMMISSIONING 

 

Qurayyat Independent Water Project (IWP), Sultanate of Oman  

 

The Group was formally awarded the project from the Oman Power and Water Procurement 

Company (OPWP) following intense global competition. Qurayyat IWP employs reverse 

osmosis technology and has a designed capacity of 200,000 m3/day. Upon completing the 

final stages of testing and commissioning, desalinated water from the plant will be supplied 

to OPWP under a 20-year water purchase agreement, during which Hyflux will also provide 

O&amp;M services to the plant.  

 

Tuasone Waste-To-Energy (WTE), Singapore 

 

TuasOne WTE Plant, scheduled for completion in 2019, is Singapore’s sixth and largest WTE 

plant. Designed to process 3,600 tonnes of waste per day and generate 120 MW of clean and 

renewable electricity, the TuasOne WTE Plant will have one of the best land utilisation factors 

in terms of incineration capacity per unit floor area and will also be one of the most efficient 

in terms of energy recovery per unit waste incinerated in the world. For more information on 

environment impact reduction, please refer to page 19. 

 

 

Ain Sokhna Integrated Water &amp; Power Project (IWPP), Egypt  

 

Commissioned by the General Authority for the Suez Canal Economic Zone (SCZone), the plant 

is designed to produce 150,000 m3 of desalinated water per day and generate 457 MW of 

power when completed. Contract negotiations for the project are ongoing.  

 

 

 

 

 

 


8 

 

OUR MATERIAL ISSUES 

 

For this sustainability report, we reviewed our material issues from the previous year and have 

conducted a comprehensive materiality analysis to identify and prioritise the environmental, 

social, economic and governance issues important to our internal and external stakeholders. 

Similar to our approach in FY2016, we considered the following factors: risk and regulatory 

requirements, commitments and processes, and relevant issues reported by industry and 

professional associations for our sector. This process is aligned with the GRI Standards (Core) 

framework. 

 

In FY2017, we have included 10 key material issues, identified through an interactive 

workshop to prioritise sustainability issues relevant to our business.  

 

We aim to continue to conduct annual reviews of our material issues, as we recognise that 

their materiality may evolve over time. To ensure that we proactively manage our 

sustainability performance, we seek to integrate material environmental and social issues 

from across the organisation into our business approach.   

 

 

KEY MATERIAL ISSUES AND UNITED NATIONS SUSTAINABLE 

DEVELOPMENT GOALS 

 

The key material issues identified as integral to our business are outlined in five key areas 

below and have been used to define the content of this report. We have also identified how 

some of our key focus areas and efforts relate to the United Nations Sustainable Development 

Goals:  

 

Our Environment 

 

KEY MATERIAL ISSUES 

RELEVANT SUPPORTING SDGS 

 Water use and reduction 

 Energy efficiency and climate change 

 Air emissions 

 Waste and effluents 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 










9 

 

Governance and Risk Management 

 

KEY MATERIAL ISSUES 

RELEVANT SUPPORTING SDGS 

 Fair and ethical operating practices 

 

 

 

Our People 

 

KEY MATERIAL ISSUES 

RELEVANT SUPPORTING SDGS 

 Occupational safety and health 

 Talent retention and development 

 Diversity and equal opportunity 

 

 

 

Our Community 

 

KEY MATERIAL ISSUES 

RELEVANT SUPPORTING SDGS 

 Impact on and communication with local 

communities 

 

 

 

Economic Performance 

 

KEY MATERIAL ISSUES 

RELEVANT SUPPORTING SDGS 

 Economic and financial contributions to 

the business and its stakeholders (refer to 

page 2 of Hyflux’s annual report FY2017 

for group financial highlights, pages 22-26 

for operating review and pages 59-143 for 

financial statements) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WHERE DO THESE IMPACTS OCCUR? 

 

With the exception of talent retention and development as well as diversity and equal 

opportunity which are internally focused, all of the above key material issues have an impact 

on the organisation, internally and externally. 

 


















10 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

In FY2017, we reviewed our formal stakeholder mapping exercise to continue identifying our 

key stakeholders across our value chain. Hyflux believes in engaging in a continuous, two-way 

dialogue with our key stakeholders to improve our decision-making process and how we 

assess material environmental and social issues.   

 

OUR KEY STAKEHOLDERS 

FORMS OF ENGAGEMENT 

KEY TOPICS 

Investment community 

and shareholders 

 Results briefings and quarterly 

earnings call  

 Annual General Meetings and 

Extraordinary General 

Meetings  

 One-on-one meetings and 

investor conferences 

 Site visits 

 Bilateral communication 

 Investor mailbox 

 SGX announcements and press 

releases 

 

 Financial results 

 Key developments 

 Investor relations 

Clients for municipal 

projects 

 Regular meetings 

 Presentations  

 Tradeshows 

 Site visits  

 Website 

 Bilateral communication 

 Events 

 Operational efficiency 

 Cost-competitiveness 

 Business 

opportunities 

 Environmental and 

social impact 

 Technological 

innovation 

 

Regulatory and Municipal 

Bodies  

 Forums and dialogues 

 Tradeshows 

 Networking events 

 Roundtable discussions 

 Site visits  

 Seminars  

 Bilateral communication 

 Briefings and consultation 

 Human capital 

development 

 Health, safety and 

compliance  

 Environmental and 

social impacts 

 Regulatory industry 

trend 

 

 


11 

 

OUR KEY STAKEHOLDERS 

FORMS OF ENGAGEMENT 

KEY TOPICS 

Trade Associations 

 Association Of Process Industry 

 Hong Kong Electronics &amp; 

Technologies Association 

(HKETA) 

 Membrane Industry Association 

of China (中国膜工业协会) 

 Singapore Business Federation 

 Singapore National Employers 

Federation (SNEF) 

 Singapore Structural Steel 

Society 

 Singapore Water Association 

 The Singapore Chamber of 

Commerce (Hong Kong) 

 

 Industry updates, 

dialogues and issues 

Business Partners 

(Suppliers and 

Distributors) 

 Tradeshows 

 Site inspection 

 Distributor training programmes 

 Business needs and 

viability 

 Information access 

 Product 

specifications 

 

Employees 

 Quarterly CEO conversation 

 Performance appraisals  

 Seminars and training sessions, 

including orientation program 

for new staff 

 Intranet communication  

 Safety briefings (for on-site 

employees) 

 Career development 

 Staff welfare  

 Health and safety 

 Staff bonding 

 Company strategic 

direction and 

operational 

performance 

 

Media 

 Regular communication with 

relevant journalists 

 Media releases and briefings 

 Hyflux’s latest 

developments 

 Financial results 

 

Local Community  

 Community engagement 

activities  

 Blood donation drives twice a 

year 

 Community projects 

 Local welfare 

organisations 

 Environmental care 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


12 

 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT DURING THE 

REORGANISATION EXERCISE 

 

Hyflux acknowledges the support of our stakeholders and remains committed to engaging 

our stakeholders during this period of financial reorganisation. In line with our commitment 

to uphold corporate transparency, we have maintained open channels of communication to 

provide stakeholders with regular updates on the development of this exercise.  

 

OUR KEY STAKEHOLDERS 

FORMS OF ENGAGEMENT 

Investment community  

and stakeholders 

 Website – financial reorganisation section with  FAQ 

updates on the reorganisation process 

 Support centre hotline for queries on the reorganisation 

process 

 Townhall meetings 

 Regular announcements, affidavits of financial updates and 

court updates 

 Email communication 

 

Employees 

 CEO conversations and updates 

 Intranet communication  

 Engagement with senior management and heads of 

departments 

 

Media 

 Media releases 

 Email and phone communication 

 Press conferences 

 

 

 


13 

 

OUR ENVIRONMENT  

 

PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW 

 

As a global provider of sustainable solutions, managing the environmental impact of our 

activities and operations is an integral part of Hyflux’s business processes. We are committed 

to reducing our environmental impact through compliance with applicable environmental 

obligations, preventing pollution, reducing waste and continually improving our 

environmental performance. Hyflux exercises a precautionary approach in managing its 

environmental impact. Data in this sustainability report covers: 

 

1. O&amp;M projects (power and desalination plants): Tuaspring IWPP (Singapore), 

SingSpring Desalination Plant (Singapore) and Tianjin Dagang Desalination Plant 

(China)  

2. EPC projects: TuasOne WTE Project (Singapore) in construction phase and Qurayyat 

IWP (Oman) in testing and commissioning phase 

3. Corporate offices in Singapore: Hyflux Innovation Centre, Hyflux Building and Tuas 

Manufacturing Hub  

 

ISO 14001 guidelines on environmental management systems govern all of Hyflux’s 

operations, and all construction sites are ISO 14001 certified. Before the commencement of 

any construction project, all necessary due-diligence in the form of Environmental Impact 

Assessments (EIAs) and /or Environmental, Social and Health Impact Assessments (ESHIA) are 

carried out. Close monitoring and follow-ups are conducted throughout the construction 

phase until project completion.  

 

WATER USE AND REDUCTION [Disclosure 303 – 1] 

 

The Group’s core business is in water treatment solutions. We are committed to providing 

clean and stable supplies of water to communities around the world.  

 

Performance 

 

In FY2017, total water withdrawal at our desalination plants, EPC projects, and corporate 

offices was 436 million m3. More than 99% of total water withdrawal was from surface water1 

which was used for our desalination and power plant operations2. Approximately 40% of the 

seawater withdrawn for desalination was recovered through the reverse osmosis process.  

 

The increase in water withdrawal from FY2016 to FY2017 was mainly due to the additional 

three months of reporting and tracking period for Tuaspring Power Plant which began 

commercial operations in March 2016. Increase in construction activities for TuasOne WTE 

 

1 Surface water includes water from wetlands, rivers, lakes, and oceans 

2 Desalination and power plant operations refer to data from Hyflux’s O&amp;M Projects: Tuaspring IWPP 

(Singapore), SingSpring Desalination Plant (Singapore) and Tianjin Dagang Desalination Plant (China) 










14 

 

and testing and commissioning activities at Qurayyat IWP contributed to the overall increase 

in water withdrawal as well. 

 

ENERGY EFFICIENCY AND CLIMATE CHANGE  

[Disclosure 302 – 1, 305 – 1, 305 – 2] 

 

Our energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions emanate primarily from our 

desalination and power plant operations, as well as our construction projects. 

 

Performance – Energy Consumption 

 

In FY2017, Hyflux’s total energy consumption was 1.34 million gigajoules (GJ) compared to 

1.18 million GJ in FY2016.  

 

Electricity used for desalination and power operations amounted to approximately 87% of 

Hyflux’s total energy consumption. Diesel and fuel oil used to operate generators and cranes 

at our construction projects accounted for approximately 12% of total energy consumption, 

while operations at corporate facilities made up the rest. Total energy consumption from 

FY2016 to FY2017 increased about 13% due to higher construction activities at TuasOne WTE 

and Qurayyat IWP, increased desalination activities in Singspring and Tuaspring as well as the 

additional three months reporting period for Tuaspring Power Plant which began commercial 

operations in March 2016. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

222

313

338

436

0

50

100

150

200

250

300

350

400

450

500

FY14

FY15

FY16

FY17

million m3

WATER WITHDRAWAL FOR DESALINATION PLANTS, EPC PROJECTS AND CORPORATE OFFICES  

 FY2014                         FY2015                       FY2016                     FY2017 


15 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Given the high energy requirement of desalination, Hyflux has constantly invested in new 

technologies and equipment to improve energy efficiency of our plants. This is evident from 

the lower electricity consumption per m3 of desalinated water produced by our newer plants 

as compared to our older plants. 

 

Compliance with Mandatory Energy Management Practices 

 

Since 2014, Hyflux’s two desalination plants in Singapore, the Singspring Desalination Plant 

and Tuaspring IWPP, have been in full compliance with the National Environmental Agency’s 

(NEA) Energy Conservation Act. As per the requirements of the act, we report the energy use 

of the plants periodically and submit an annual Energy Efficiency Improvement Plan for each 

plant. We have also appointed an external qualified energy manager for the compliance of 

NEA regulations to monitor and review the operations in both plants. 

 

Other energy saving measures such as steam turbine condenser optimisation equipment 

among others were implemented to improve energy consumption across our plants. Such 

energy management initiatives are part of our continuous pursuit of resource efficient 

solutions.  

 

 

 

 

292,920 

304,202 

241,428 

269,528 

 -

 50,000

 100,000

 150,000

 200,000

 250,000

 300,000

 350,000

FY14

FY15

FY16

FY17

Breakdown of Energy Consumption 

FY2017 

Desalination and Power Plant 

87.3% 

Construction 

12.0% 

Corporate Facilities 

0.7% 

TOTAL ELECTRICITY CONSUMPTION FOR DESALINATION PLANTS 

MWh 

 FY2014                         FY2015                      FY2016                     FY2017 


16 

 

Energy Management at Hyflux Innovation Centre 

 

Recognised for its model of innovative environmental design and construction, Hyflux 

Innovation Centre received the BCA Green Mark Platinum Award in FY2012. The building 

features environmentally sustainable designs such as a solar-powered gym and a grey 

water recycling system that utilises Hyflux’s proprietary Kristal® polymeric ultrafiltration 

membranes. Extensive usage of environmental and friendly sustainable materials are used 

within the development as well.  

 

These innovative measures meet the stringent criteria set by the Building and Construction 

Authority of Singapore and lower energy consumption by approximately 30% and conserve 

about 15.6 million litres of water a year.  

 

For energy saving purposes, all common areas such as lift landings are also fitted with motion 

sensor lightings. 

 

Performance – Greenhouse Gas Emissions 

 

Scope 1 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions generated per megawatt hour (MWh) of electricity 

remained at approximately 0.37 tonnes in FY2016 and FY2017.  

 

 

 

 

 

A significant proportion of GHG emissions in the Group can be attributed to the combustion 

of natural gas and diesel used to generate electricity at the Tuaspring Power Plant. Hyflux 

generated about 747.5 thousand tonnes of Scope 1 GHG emissions in FY20173 , an 11.3% 

increase from FY2016. This is due to the additional three months reporting period for 

Tuaspring IWPP in FY2017 compared to FY2016. The level of emissions is in line with industry 

standards. 

 

 

 

 

3 Source of fuel caloric values: GHG Protocol’s Emission Factors from Cross-Sector Tools (April 2014 version). 

671,538

747,593

620,000

640,000

660,000

680,000

700,000

720,000

740,000

760,000

2016

2017

TOTAL SCOPE 1 GHG EMISSIONS 

 

 

tonnes 

 FY2016                                          FY2017 

  FY2016                                    FY2017 


17 

 

Scope 2 GHG emissions from electricity consumption increased approximately 8% from 

approximately 132.3 thousand tonnes in FY2016 to approximately 143.4 thousand tonnes of 

carbon dioxide in FY2017. The increase is attributed to the increase in desalination operations 

and construction activities in FY2017. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

132,321

143,390

126,000

128,000

130,000

132,000

134,000

136,000

138,000

140,000

142,000

144,000

146,000

FY2 0 1 6

FY2 0 1 7

TOTAL SCOPE 2 GHG EMISSIONS 

 

tonnes 

 FY2016                               FY2017 


18 

 

 

 

Tuaspring Integrated Water and Power Project 

 

 

 

 Tuaspring IWPP, Singapore 

 

To reduce water consumption and increase energy efficiency, Hyflux employs technologies 

and processes to optimise operations. 

 

Water Reduction Initiatives  

 

 First industrial plant to be awarded the ABC (Active, Beautiful, Clean) Waters 

certification by PUB, Singapore’s National Water Agency.  

 A bio-retention basin collects and filters surface rain water from 11% of the plant’s 

total site area for reuse in landscape irrigation.  

 

Energy Reduction Initiatives  

 

 Compact design to reduce energy footprint per m3 of desalinated water produced. 

 Use of proprietary Kristal® polymeric ultrafiltration membranes, high efficiency 

motors and advanced energy recovery technology to lower energy consumption. 

 Plant architecture designed to take advantage of natural sunlight and sea breeze for 

lighting and cooling respectively. 

 Energy efficiency studies are conducted regularly on equipment and operating 

processes to ensure optimal efficiency and energy reduction. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




19 

 

 

 

TuasOne Waste-to-Energy Plant 

 

 

 

                                                      Ongoing construction of TuasOne WTE Plant,Singapore 

 

Ensuring Proper Discharge of Air Emissions 

 

The plant will have a dedicated flue gas treatment system to ensure that air emissions 

discharged comply with more stringent Environmental Protection &amp; Management (Air 

Impurities) Regulations which was implemented since 1 June 2015. The tighter emission 

standards mandated by Singapore’s National Environmental Agency include a new daily 

site-average limit for sulphur dioxide (SO2), aimed at regulating SO2 emissions from 

combustion sources. 

 

The main processes encompassed by the flue gas treatment system are:  

 Selective non-catalytic reduction to reduce NOx concentration in the flue gas 

 Dry catalytic fabric filter system to remove dust particles, acidic and other gaseous 

pollutants 

 

Minimising the Environmental Impact of Construction  

 

Environmental Control Measures are in place to ensure silted water runoff from the 

construction site are treated before being discharged into the public drainage system. 

Monitored by real-time CCTV cameras located near the discharge outlets, alerts will be 

triggered when muddy flows are captured. This is to ensure compliance with the Total 

Suspended Solids (TSS) standard for discharges. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




20 

 

AIR EMISSIONS [Disclosure 305 – 7] 

 

Hyflux’s nitrogen oxides (NOx) and sulphur dioxide (SO2) emissions are carefully managed 

across our operations worldwide. We aim to meet all regulatory standards in the jurisdictions 

in which our plants operate, and strive to achieve international best practice.  

 

NOx emissions4 lowered to approximately 310.3 tonnes in FY2017 from approximately 327.0 

tonnes in FY20165. SO2 emissions stayed relatively similar at 0.4 tonnes in FY2017 and FY2016.  

 

Compliance with Mandatory Air Emissions Limits 

 

Source emissions tests are conducted annually at the Tuaspring Power Plant to determine the 

concentration levels of particulate mass (PM), nitrogen oxides (NOx), carbon monoxide (CO) 

and sulphur dioxide (SO2).  

 

The emissions from the plant are in strict compliance with regulatory limits stipulated in the 

Environmental Protection and Management Act, EPMA 2008 (Air Impurities) Regulations 

2001.  

 

WASTE AND EFFLUENTS [Disclosure 306-2] 

 

Desalination Operations 

 

Large volumes of seawater are used in Hyflux’s reverse osmosis desalination plants to produce 

potable water. High-concentration brine and backwash wastewater, by-products of 

desalination, are discharged back into the sea. Before release, online analysers installed in the 

outfall pipe measure discharge flow rate, dissolved oxygen, turbidity, conductivity, free 

chlorine, temperature and pH. These parameters are monitored continuously by a SCADA6 

system to ensure they fall within allowable limits.  

 

Samples are also sent regularly to external consultants to measure suspended solids and 

chlorine levels, ensuring all parameters are within regulatory allowance limits. In Singapore, 

all parameters listed in NEA water quality standards of Trade Effluent Discharge to 

Watercourse are also tested, in accordance with regulatory allowable limits. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4 Air emissions data is based on measurements made at the Tuaspring Power Plant 

5 NOx emissions in FY2016 was tracked from April to December 2016 

6 SCADA refers to supervisory control and data acquisition, a computer system used for gathering and 

analysing real time data 


21 

 

Construction Projects 

 

The main types of waste generated at Hyflux’s construction projects include scrap metal, 

wood and small amounts of boiler slag. In addition, some waste such as ash, soil and sludge 

wastes are collected and treated before being sent to landfills. Non-hazardous waste 

generated increased from approximately 770 tonnes in FY2016 to approximately 2,936 

tonnes in FY2017, mainly due to higher construction activities at TuasOne WTE project in 

Singapore and the disposal of temporary structures in the testing and commissioning 

activities at Qurayyat IWP in Oman.  

 

Corporate Facilities 

 

Hyflux’s corporate facilities produce mainly domestic and municipal waste, which we work 

with local municipalities to recycle. Non-recyclable waste is treated and disposed of according 

to local regulatory requirements. 

  

WASTE 

DISPOSAL 

METHOD 

FY2016 

FY2017 

TOTAL WEIGHT 

OF WASTE 

 (TONNES) 

PERCENTAGE 

OF 

HAZARDOUS 

WASTE 

TOTAL WEIGHT 

OF WASTE 

(TONNES) 

PERCENTAGE 

OF 

HAZARDOUS 

WASTE 

Recycled waste 

89 

 

66%  

[Mainly from 

construction at 

Qurayyat IWP7] 

373 

 

0% 

Incineration  

 

468 

[Mostly generated 

at TuasOne WTE 

Construction Site8] 

0% 

1603 

[Mostly generated 

at TuasOne WTE 

Construction Site] 

0% 

Landfill 

 

271 

[Mostly generated 

at Qurayyat IWP 

Construction Site] 

0% 

960 

[Mostly generated 

at Qurayyat IWP 

Construction Site] 

0% 

On-site storage 

[Generated at 

SingSpring 

Desalination Plant 

and Tuaspring 

IWPP’s lab 

facilities9] 

0.06 

100% 

[disposed via 

waste disposal 

contractor] 

0.07 

100% 

[disposed via 

waste disposal 

contractor] 

 

 

 

7 During construction stages, waste generated includes used engine oil and glass reinforced plastic pipes waste 

8 TuasOne WTE waste was tracked from May to December 2016 

9 Lab waste contains caustic substances, sulphuric acid and other chemicals 


22 

 

GOVERNANCE AND RISK MANAGEMENT 

 

COMPLIANCE [Disclosure 102-18] 

 

Hyflux believes that good corporate governance is non-negotiable. We are committed to 

achieving high standards of corporate governance and processes that will enhance the 

Group’s effectiveness and ensure the appropriate degree of accountability and transparency 

to increase long-term value. Hyflux adheres to the principles and guidelines of the Singapore 

Code of Corporate Governance issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore and believes 

that this forms a sound platform for supporting good corporate governance practices.  

 

Sustainability Governance Structure 

 

 

 

The Board is the Company’s highest governance body that provides general oversight of the 

Group’s activities and is collectively responsible for the Group’s overall strategic direction. 

The Board provides leadership and guidance on corporate strategies, risk policies, corporate 

governance, business directions and performance objectives. To execute its responsibilities, 

the Board delegates specific functions to various Committees, namely, Audit Committee (AC), 

Nominating Committee, Remuneration Committee, Risk Management Committee (RMC) and 

Investment Committee. These Board Committees function within clearly defined terms of 

reference, which are reviewed on a regular basis. The Board is updated on developments 

around sustainability and has reviewed Hyflux’s material environmental, social and 

governance issues. 

 

In May 2018, the Board advised management to seek advice from professional firms to assess 

the Group’s financial situation. After a review of the financial status of the Group in 

consultation with its advisors, and in the light of the current market situation, the Group 






23 

 

voluntarily and pro-actively commenced a court-supervised financial reorganisation process 

by filing for statutory moratorium under Section 211(B) of the Companies Act for five of its 

entities, in order to preserve value for stakeholders.  

 

RISK MANAGEMENT [Disclosure 102-11] 

 

The Board recognises the importance of maintaining a sound system of risk management and 

internal control to safeguard stakeholders’ interests and the Group’s assets, and to manage 

risks. The AC and the RMC oversee and ensure that such a system is appropriately 

implemented and monitored.  

 

The risk management and internal control processes framework are intended to provide 

reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatements or loss, to safeguard 

assets and maintenance of proper accounting records, reliability of financial information, 

compliance with appropriate legislations, regulations and best practices, and the 

identification and containment of business risks. 

 

The RMC framework consists of five Directors and its primary functions are: 

 

 

 

 

 

To review with management and sometimes with external consultants on areas of risk 

that may affect the viability and smooth operations of the Group, as well as 

management's risk mitigation efforts.

To direct and work with management to develop and review policies and processes to 

address and manage identified areas of risk in a systematic and structured manner.

To make recommendations to the Board in relation to business risks that may affect the 

Group, as and when these may arise.


24 

 

FAIR AND ETHICAL OPERATING PRACTICES [Disclosure 102-16, 102-17] 

 

Code of Ethics and Conduct  

 

The Group has an internal Code of Ethics and Conduct in place that covers aspects such as 

anti-corruption and bribery, securities purchase guidelines and conflict of interest. The code 

which is readily accessible through Hyflux’s intranet requires all employees to conduct 

business legally, fairly and with integrity in order to ensure high standards of business 

integrity and compliance with relevant regulations. 

 

Anti-Corruption and Bribery 

 

Hyflux adopts a zero tolerance policy towards bribery and corruption and is committed to 

acting professionally, fairly and with integrity in all our business dealings and relationships. 

The Group has a worldwide policy on bribery and prevention of corruption in which any act 

of giving or accepting gratification to or from third parties is prohibited. Risk assessments are 

conducted across the Group as part of the annual internal audit programme to ensure 

compliance. 

 

An Ethics and Ethical Behaviour course is conducted annually by the Internal Audit 

department to ensure that employees are aware of the common ethical risks and the 

consequences associated with such actions. During the training, employees engage in group 

discussions on case studies and scenarios that pose ethical risks to reinforce the importance 

of ethical behaviour. In addition, reviews on internal procedures and policies are also done 

periodically to ensure adequate controls are in place.  

 

Whistle-Blowing Policy 

 

Hyflux’s confidential communication programme encourages employees to promptly report 

a breach or suspected breach of a law, regulation, company policy or other alleged 

irregularities without fear of reprisals, provided such concerns are not raised in bad faith. 

 

The policy is made available to all employees on Hyflux’s intranet and allows concerns to be 

raised to their line manager, management or various Audit Committee members in 

confidence. Reports on any concerns will be submitted by the Internal Audit department to 

the Audit Committee Members.  

 

 

 

 

 


25 

 

SUSTAINABLE PROCUREMENT [Disclosure 102-9] 

 

Hyflux recognises the importance and impact of sustainable procurement on the 

organisation, society and the environment. As part of our sustainable supply chain 

management, Hyflux has in place a comprehensive process to work with business partners in 

our supply value chain in a fair and ethical manner, to procure equipment and material which 

comply with technical specifications in all our projects.  

 

Our Supply Chain 

 

Hyflux works with a broad range of local and foreign suppliers for the different segments of 

our businesses. The Group’s main suppliers consist of industrial component suppliers for our 

plants, raw material suppliers for production purposes, as well as contractors for general and 

specialised professional services in our projects.  

 

Hyflux periodically qualifies and appraises the suitability of our suppliers based on a supplier 

scorecard. Suppliers are assessed technically and commercially on their project track record, 

experience and quality among other evaluation criteria. The due diligence process may 

include financial audits, operational risk assessments, and visits to suppliers’ premises and 

reference project sites. Some of our partners do implement their own sustainability practices. 

In general, suppliers with ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and OHAS 18001 certifications are preferred. 

We monitor our suppliers’ and service providers’ compliance with applicable laws, 

regulations, contractual requirements, as well as their quality, human factors, and safety 

standards. To mitigate concentration risk and to ensure sustainable supply streams, Hyflux 

procures from a broad pool of suppliers and service providers. 

 

 SUPPLY CHAIN UPDATES DURING MORATORIUM [Disclosure 102-10] 

 

Since May 2018, we have been working closely with our financial advisers to assess the 

position of all suppliers within the context of our future cash flow needs and a future 

reorganisation plan involving all stakeholders, including affected and critical suppliers. As 

Hyflux procures from a broad pool of suppliers and service providers, our critical supply 

stream is continuously assessed to maintain a stable supply. However, there were instances 

where we experienced disruptions due to payment delays at the TuasOne WTE project which 

required attention and further reassessment.  We continue to work closely with our critical 

suppliers for equipment and materials to ensure the completion of our on-going projects, and 

day to day business operations. Hyflux continues to apply the same stringent standards in the 

assessment of quality and suitability of new suppliers during the moratorium.  

 

 

 


26 

 

 OUR PEOPLE 

 

 

 

With more than 1800 employees worldwide, Hyflux is committed to ensuring a safe and 

inclusive workplace for our people at all times. 

 

OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH 

 

Safety is a core value for Hyflux and we are strongly committed to keeping all our plants and 

worksites safe and accident-free for our employees.  

 

GROUP QUALITY, ENVIRONMENTAL, HEALTH AND SAFETY (QEHS) POLICY  

 

The Group-wide QEHS policy is applied across all of Hyflux’s operations, services, products, 

activities and projects worldwide. The policy is reviewed annually and from FY2016, energy 

management was included when Tuaspring Power Plant was commissioned. The 

implementation of the policy ensures compliance with applicable quality, environmental, and 

health and safety legal requirements and regulations.   

 

HOW WE MANAGE SAFETY 

 

The Group is committed to set and comply with its own health and safety standards across all 

operations, and business unit heads are responsible for ensuring health and safety 

management systems are implemented and complied with on the ground.  

 

QEHS objectives and performance are monitored and reviewed by the QEHS Management 

Committee. The Group seeks to make continuous safety improvements through the sharing 

of insights gathered from health and safety-related incidents and risks. 

 

QEHS Committee meetings are also held monthly at all sites for the project manager to 

communicate with key stakeholders on QEHS matters and for performance to be reported.  

 

REGULAR AUDITS AND CERTIFICATION 

 

In July 2017, Hyflux passed the annual BS OHSAS 18001:2007 surveillance audit, a testimony 

of our full compliance with international standards for occupational health and safety. The 

bizSAFE Star certification was again awarded to Hyflux from the Singapore Workplace Safety 

and Health Council, recognising our sustained efforts towards promoting good workplace 

safety conditions. 

 

Safe practices at all of Hyflux’s plants and operations are implemented, practised, 

documented and improved. Regular audits by independent parties are conducted at all sites 

to evaluate the effectiveness and maturity level of Hyflux’s occupational safety and health 

management system. For example, in May and December 2017, Hyflux completed the 

Construction Safety Audit Scoring System (ConSass) conducted by an independent auditor at 






27 

 

the TuasOne WTE Plant. Such evaluations are essential to help the Group better allocate 

resources to improve safety and health standards on its sites.  

 

HEALTH AND SAFETY TRAINING FOR ALL EMPLOYEES 

 

At Hyflux, we recognise the role employees play in workplace safety and the importance of 

instilling a culture of proactive individual involvement, personal accountability and continuous 

improvement amongst employees. Training for health and safety is an ongoing effort which 

includes day-to-day safety sharing tips, workshops, toolbox sessions and masterclasses, to 

equip employees with relevant technical knowledge, safety awareness and Hyflux’s values for 

a safe working environment. Mandatory in-house QEHS management system training is also 

provided to all supervisory personnel for projects.  Contract workers and all new workplace 

staff also attend a QEHS induction training to ensure they are trained in proper safety practices 

before starting work. For employees engaged in high-risk work, monthly training sessions and 

refresher courses are conducted. 

 

At project sites, health and safety practices are reinforced in the following ways.  

 

i. 

Weekly mass QEHS talk – QEHS officer communication and consultation with all at site 

ii. 

Monthly QEHS committee meeting – project manager communicates with 

representatives of all project stakeholders in resolving QEHS matters and grievances  

iii. 

Monthly QEHS committee inspection – QEHS inspection by project manager of all 

stakeholders’ on-site behaviour and facilities. Areas for improvement are identified.  

 

All staff on Hyflux sites are also made aware of Emergency Preparedness and Response 

procedures and evacuation plans in cases of non-routine incidents, accidents and emergency 

situations.  

 

 

Health, Safety and Environmental (HSE) Day 

 

 

 

                                                                                                                                                            Emergency response drills at Tuaspring IWPP 

 

Health, Safety and Environmental Day is organised annually at Hyflux’s plants. Through 

emergency response drills and quizzes, employees are equipped with the relevant technical 

knowledge and safety awareness to respond swiftly to potential emergency scenarios. 

 

 






28 

 

FORMAL WORKER REPRESENTATION  

 

All our employees at our EPC sites and Singapore corporate offices are represented in formal 

joint management-worker health and safety committees that monitor occupational health 

and safety issues.   

 

CONTRACTORS  

 

Hyflux’s contractors are expected to align with the Group’s high expectations of workplace 

safety and health. To ensure compliance, certain conditions are stipulated and made known 

to all contractors during the pre-contract stage.  

 

SAFETY PERFORMANCE [Disclosure 403-2] 

 

In FY2017, we have again achieved zero fatalities across our construction sites and operations. 

Hyflux is also proud to achieve “4 Million Safe Man-Hours” at our Qurayyat IWP. 

 

Non-fatal workplace injuries in Singapore involved five male employees and one female 

employee, resulting in 107 and 29 lost days respectively. Total number of man hours worked 

was 4,453,082. In Algeria and Oman, three male employees were involved in non-fatal 

workplace injuries resulting in 162 lost days. Total number of man hours worked was 

4,047,231.  

 

Of the injuries sustained, about 33.3% were sprains and strains, about 22.2% were fractures, 

about 22.2% were caused by foreign particles in eyes, about 11.1% were due to contusions 

while lacerated cuts accounted for the remaining injuries. 

 

In FY2017, for operations in Singapore, Algeria and Oman, Hyflux’s accident frequency rate 

(AFR) was 1.3 and 0.7 respectively.  The accident severity rate (ASR) in Singapore was 30.5 

while the ASR was 40.0 in Algeria and Oman.  The Group’s overall AFR saw an improvement 

from 2.3 to 1.1, while the Group’s overall ASR maintained at 35.0.  

 

 

ACCIDENT FREQUENCY RATE (AFR) 10 

FY2016 

FY2017 

Singapore 

3.6 

1.3 

Algeria and Oman 

0.9 

0.7 

Group 

2.3 

1.1 

 

 

 

10 Accident Frequency Rate (AFR) = (No. of Workplace Accidents Reported/Total No. of Man-hours worked) x 

1,000, 000 


29 

 

ACCIDENT SEVERITY RATE (ASR)11 

FY2016 

FY2017 

Singapore 

49.3 

30.5 

Algeria and Oman 

18.4 

40.0 

Group 

35.0 

35.0 

 

 

OUR EMPLOYEES 

 

Hyflux has over 1800 employees based 

in our offices and sites worldwide. In 

two 

of 

our 

largest 

workforces 

worldwide, 27.3% of our employees in 

Singapore are in full-time permanent 

positions while 100% of our employees 

in China are in full-time permanent 

positions. 

 

 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

 

In accordance with Fair Employment Practices espoused by the Tripartite Alliance for Fair and 

Progressive Employment Practices (TAFEP), Hyflux provides equal employment opportunities 

regardless of gender or age. For instance, we have assigned female engineers to overseas 

projects in Algeria.  The Company also offers re-employment to employees who have reached 

retirement age. Hyflux’s commitment to progressive employment practices is further 

demonstrated by our involvement in the Human Capital Partnership with TAFEP and the 

Ministry of Manpower in Singapore which is geared towards enhancing local workforce 

competitiveness. 

 

Hyflux is also a participant in the Workforce Singapore Career Support Programme (CSP). The 

CSP encourages employers to offer suitable job opportunities to eligible Singaporean 

professionals, managers, executives and technicians who have been unemployed for at least 

six months, and to tap on the wealth of experience they bring to the workplace. Currently, we 

have four employees under this programme and will continue to leverage it as a channel for 

recruitment.  

 

Gender Diversity in Hyflux [Disclosure 405-1] 

 

In Singapore, two out of five key management committee members are female, 35.1% of 

senior management employees and 35.9% of non-senior management employees are female. 

While we have strived to achieve gender diversity throughout our employee categories, the 

 

11 Accident Severity Rate (ASR) = (No. of Man-Days lost to Workplace Accidents/Total No. of Man-hours 

worked) x 1,000, 000. ASR excludes fatalities.  

81.7%

7.9%

5.8%

4.6%

SINGAPORE

CHINA

ALGERIA 

OMAN

BREAKDOWN OF WORKFORCE BY 

GEOGRAPHY


30 

 

category of non-executive employees is male-dominated as the jobscopes are physically-

intensive. These jobscopes include the construction work at our manufacturing plants and 

production lines, which are not traditional career choices for females.  

 

 

 

 

 

Talent Development 

 

PERFORMANCE REVIEW [Disclosure 404-3] 

 

Our people play a vital role in the development of Hyflux’s business. Performance appraisals 

are conducted annually at Hyflux to better understand our employees’ development. All 

corporate employees are evaluated by their managers and given feedback on their strengths 

60%

64.9%

64.5%

99.6%

40%

35.1%

35.5%

0.4%

KEY MANAGEMENT

SENIOR 

MANAGEMENT

EXECUTIVE 

EMPLOYEES

NON-EXECUTIVE 

EMPLOYEES

BREAKDOWN OF GENDER BY EMPLOYEE CATEGORY

Male

Female

20.6%

36.2%

20%

64.9%

65.7%

62.2%

80%

35.1%

13.7%

1.6%

KEY MANAGEMENT

SENIOR MANGEMENT

EXECUTIVE 

EMPLOYEES

NON-EXECUTIVE 

EMPLOYEES

BREAKDOWN OF AGE GROUP BY EMPLOYEE CATEGORY

Under 30 years old

30 - 50 years old

Over 50 years old


31 

 

and areas for improvement. Employees’ career progression, key performance indicators and 

rewards are also openly discussed and determined at this annual appraisal. A training needs 

analysis is also conducted to identify skill gaps so that employees can thereafter be provided 

with the suitable coaching and training sessions tailored to help improve their performance.  

 

LEARNING AND DEVELOPMENT [Disclosure 404-1] 

 

Hyflux’s learning and development practices are based on ISO 9001 standards. In FY2017, 

training hours per employee improved from 25.5 hours to approximately 28.1 hours, 

exceeding ISO’s target of 16 hours per employee. 

 

 

 

 

At Hyflux, we believe in nurturing the full potential of our employees, by providing 

opportunities to develop their careers and capabilities, regardless of age, gender or 

ethnicity through training courses, on-the-job training, job rotations, overseas postings and 

mentorship. An in-house training academy led by dedicated personnel manages the 

customised training needs of our employees.  

 

Courses in the following categories are made available to all corporate employees:

 

On top of the courses designed in-house, employees are also encouraged to attend courses 

organised by external organisations to continually improve their skills and capabilities relevant 

to their job scopes.    

 

Talent Acquisition  

 

In Singapore, Hyflux participates in the national effort to groom talents from the community 

and contribute to the progress of the economy. We have engaged in government initiatives 

such as the Singapore-Industry Scholarship (SgIS), Young Talent Programme Scholarship (YTP) 

and the SkillsFuture Earn and Learn Programme. Upon graduation, students from the SgIS 

Scholarship and YTP programme join Hyflux and undergo a rigorous management trainee 

programme, aimed at nurturing their leadership ability. The SkillsFuture Earn and Learn 

AVERAGE TRAINING HOURS PER EMPLOYEE IN FY2017

28.1

Executive 

employee: 

30.9

Senior 

management:

11.3

Male 

employee: 

34.5

Female

employee: 

16.4

Orientation 

Series

Personal 

Effectiveness 

Series

Managerial 

Series

Internal Subject 

Matter Expert 

Series

Technical 

Lecture Series


32 

 

Programme is a work-learn programme to support fresh graduates’ transition into the 

workforce where participants are trained in industry-relevant skills through an 18-month job 

attachment. In total, more than 10 employees were recruited through these programmes and 

initiatives. 

 

Talent Retention  

 

Hyflux places great emphasis on building our bench strength to bring the Group into its next 

phase of growth. With global operations spanning the Middle East, Africa, Latin America and 

Asia, Hyflux encourages Singapore-based employees to move geographically to gain a deeper 

understanding of overseas markets, develop their leadership capabilities and foster global 

mindsets.  

 

Localisation is another important pillar for our overseas operations and expansion. Locally-

recruited staff are encouraged to take on key roles, as they can add value with their local 

socio-political and cultural insights. While recruitment is typically limited to Singapore-based 

students, the Hyflux Internship Programme was opened to students in Oman for the past two 

years to attract young local talents to join Hyflux at the Qurayyat IWP.  

 

The Company has also introduced Flexible Work Arrangement which enables employees to 

achieve greater work-life balance, improve staff morale and productivity while enabling the 

organisation to motivate and retain valued employees. Common arrangements include tele-

commuting, staggered working hours and part-time work arrangement.  

 

Welfare 

 

Hyflux’s employee policies, including leave entitlements, meet all requirements of the 

Employment Act (Singapore).  

 

A healthy worker is a productive worker. To encourage our employees to embark on a healthy 

lifestyle, Hyflux organised various health-related talks as well as lunchtime fitness classes. 

Hyflux also provides a fully-equipped gym, free fruits and snacks in its corporate headquarters 

for the benefit of employees.  

 

Lunch talks covering topics such as financial management and healthy-living are organised to 

promote an open platform for information sharing. Lunch is also provided during these events 

to allow opportunities for networking amongst colleagues from different work functions. 

Festive bazaars are also organised for our employees to enjoy promotions and shop for 

curated products conveniently.  

 

More employee benefits including introduction of birthday leave, reimbursement of 

professional membership fees, increased cash bonuses for long serving employees, 

reimbursement of quarterly team bonding expenditure and enhancement of employees’ 

outpatient medical plans will be rolled out in FY2018.  

 


33 

 

As Hyflux progresses through the reorganisation process, it is critical to keep our internal 

stakeholders updated and informed. Our management team continues to work closely with 

employees to review and streamline work processes to improve workflow and boost 

productivity.  

 

 


34 

 

OUR COMMUNITY 

 

 

 

CREATING POSITIVE IMPACTS ON OUR LOCAL COMMUNITY  

[Disclosure 413-1] 

 

Raising Eco-Consciousness 

 

Leveraging our technical expertise in water filtration technologies, Hyflux has been supporting 

Wildlife Reserve Singapore (WRS) in their “Go Green For Wildlife” campaign since FY2016. As 

part of the project, Hyflux developed and installed a total of 27 customised potable water 

dispensers across all four WRS parks including the Singapore Zoo, River Safari, Night Safari 

and Jurong Bird Park, to encourage park guests to use refillable bottles. Equipped with infra-

red sensors that automatically dispense water, the dispensers are fitted with screen counters 

which show the number of single-use plastic bottles saved daily. More than a million plastic 

bottles have been saved since the launch of the campaign. In addition, in conjunction with 

the campaign, Hyflux and WRS produced a co-branded high quality refillable bottle, made 

from Tritan™ copolyester, a BPA-free and shatter-resistant material, which is available for sale 

in WRS’ retail outlets.  

 

In addition, Hyflux specially designed an environmental awareness e-learning course for 

employees to have a better understanding of how they can make a difference to the 

environment. 

 

Community Programmes 

 

Hyflux also supported various community programmes in Singapore. In partnership with the 

Singapore Red Cross Society, we organised two public blood donation drives at our corporate 

headquarters in Singapore in FY2017. 182 staff responded to the cause and a total of 135 units 

of blood were collected.  

 

Hyflux supported the National Reading Movement through two initiatives by National Library 

Board. The WondeRead Box Programme saw our employees selecting and packing books that 

benefited 35 underprivileged children. At the “Read to Others” programme, Hyflux’s 

employees spent a meaningful morning interacting and reading to seniors at the Lion's Home 

for the Elder. 

 

Hyflux has also directed our community efforts towards health-related causes. In support of 

TOUCH Diabetes Cycling Fundraising, Hyflux sponsored a total of 100 litres of water to the 27 

cyclists who cycled a distance of 85km to raise funds for diabetic patients. The mix of cyclists 

included patients living with diabetes and family members of diabetic patients. Separately, 

Hyflux also sponsored a booth at the World Diabetes Day event organised by the Diabetic 

Society of Singapore held on 12 November 2017 at Suntec Convention Centre. 

 

 






35 

 

Educational Site Visits 

 

In FY2017, Hyflux hosted more than 20 educational site visits at our Tuaspring IWPP for 

schools, educational institutions, ministries and government-linked bodies. During the visits, 

our O&amp;M employees showcased the systems and technology behind the desalination process, 

as well as the Singapore approach to water resource management. 

 

SCHOOLS AND EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS 

SINGAPORE 

 Ministry of Education School Cluster, North Zone 8 

 Nanyang Polytechnic 

 NUS Business School 

 Republic Polytechnic 

 Singapore Institute of Management 

 Singapore Polytechnic 

 Temasek Foundation International Water Leaders Programme 

INTERNATIONAL 

 NTPC School of Business, India 

 

GOVERNMENT AND GOVERNMENT-LINKED BODIES 

SINGAPORE 

 Chinese Development Assistance Council  

 Civil Service College 

 Public Utilities Board 

 Urban Redevelopment Authority 

INTERNATIONAL 

 Chiba Prefectual Water Works Bureau 

 Embassy of the Arab Republic of Egypt in Singapore 

 Iskandar Regional Development Authority 

 Kinmen County Waterworks 

 Korea Agency for Infrastructure Technology Advancement 

 Korea Water and Wastewater works Association 

 Ministry of Land, Infrastructure &amp; Transportation, Korea 


36 

 

 Ministry of Planning and Finance, Myanmar 

 Myanmar Investment Commission 

 Saline Water Conversion Corporation 

 Water Resources Bureau, Tainan City Government 

 

 

Community Investments 

 

MAY 2017 

 North West Community Development Council, for Club-100@North 

West Fundraising Golf 2017  

 

JUNE 2017 

 To Singapore Water Association (SWA), for SWA Golf 2017 in 

conjunction with Singapore International Water Week  

 To Singapore Investors Association Singapore, to pledge and support 

corporate governance  

 

JULY 2017 

 To Singapore-Industry Scholarship (SgIS Scholarship)  

OCTOBER 2017 

 To  HCA Hospice, for HCA Hospice Charity Golf 2017   

NOVEMBER 

2017 

 To TOUCH Diabetes, for TOUCH Diabetes Cycling Fundraising  

 To Diabetic Society of Singapore, for World Diabetes Day 2017 

 

In FY2017, a total contribution of $41,405 in kind/cash was made by Hyflux towards 

community investments in Singapore.   

 

While we strive to have a positive impact on our communities, we are mindful of the need to 

balance this objective and operate in a prudent and sustainable manner. We will continue to 

develop a sustainable model for community investments and programmes, and look into 

nurturing the spirit of giving amongst our employees, encouraging our employees to 

volunteer and to take part in meaningful community projects and initiatives which are aligned 

with our company’s values. In addition, we will also encourage our employees to embark on 

skills-based volunteering wherever applicable, so that they can make use of their skills and 

knowledge to benefit the community. 

 

 


37 

 

FY2017 GRI Content Index 

 

This report is prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards (Core Option) 

 

GENERAL STANDARD DISCLOSURES  

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosures 

Disclosure Title 

Section Reference 

Page 

Reference 

Organisational Profile  

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Welcome and Readers Guide 

Pg 3 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, 

and services 

About Hyflux 

Pg 4 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

About Hyflux 

Pg 4 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Geographical Presence 

Pg 5 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

About Hyflux 

Pg 4 

102-6 

Markets served 

Geographical Presence 

Pg 5 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

About Hyflux 

Pg 4 

102-8 

Information on employees and 

other workers 

Our People &gt; Our Employees 

Pg 29 

102-9 

Supply chain  

Sustainable Procurement  

Pg 25 

102-10 

Significant changes to the 

organisation and its supply 

chain  

Sustainable Procurement  

&gt; Supply Chain Updates during 

Moratorium 

Pg 25 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or 

approach  

Governance and Risk 

Management 

Pg 22 - 23 

102-12 

External initiatives  

Our Community 

Pg 34 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Stakeholder Engagement 

Pg 10 - 11 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior 

decision-maker 

CEO’s Message 

Pg 1 - 2 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, 

and norms of behaviour 

Fair and Ethical Operating 

Practices 

Pg 24 

102-17 

Mechanisms for advice and 

concerns about ethics 

Fair and Ethical Operating 

Practices 

Pg 24 

 

 


38 

 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosures 

Disclosure Title 

Section Reference 

Page 

Reference 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure  

Governance and Risk 

Management &gt; Compliance 

Pg 22 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholder Engagement 

Pg 10 - 11 

102-41 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

N.A 

N.A 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

Stakeholder Engagement 

Pg 10 - 11 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

Stakeholder Engagement 

Pg 10 - 11 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholder Engagement 

Pg 10 - 11 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

Please refer to Hyflux Annual 

Report 2017 

N.A 

102-46 

Defining report content and 

topic Boundaries  

Our Material Issues 

Pg 8 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Our Material Issues &gt; Key 

Material Issues and United 

Nations Sustainable 

Development Goals 

Pg 8 - 9  

102-48 

Restatements of information 

N.A 

There are no restatements of 

information in this report 

N.A 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Welcome and Readers Guide &gt; 

Scope of this report 

Pg 3 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Welcome and Readers Guide &gt; 

Scope of this report   

(This report is published 

annually and covers the same 

period as the financial year of 

the company, i.e. January - 

December 2017) 

Pg 3 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

Welcome and Readers Guide  

(Our last sustainability report 

was published in May 2017) 

Pg 3 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Welcome and Readers Guide &gt; 

Scope of this report   

Pg 3 


39 

 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosures 

Disclosure Title 

Section Reference 

Page 

Reference 

102-53 

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report 

Welcome and Readers Guide &gt; 

Feedback 

Pg 3 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

Welcome and Readers Guide &gt; 

Scope of this report   

Pg 3 

102-55 

GRI content index 

FY2017 GRI content index 

Pg 37 

102-56 

External assurance 

N.A 

N.A 

ECONOMIC DISCLOSURES   

Economic Performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value 

generated and distributed 

Please refer to Hyflux Annual 

Report 2017 

N.A 

Anti-Corruption 

205-2 

Communication and training 

about anti-corruption policies 

and procedures 

Fair and Ethical Operating 

Practices &gt; Anti-Corruption 

and Bribery 

Pg 24 

ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES   

Energy 

302-1 

Energy consumption within 

the organisation 

Our Environment &gt; Energy 

Efficiency and Climate Change  

Pg 14 

Water 

303-1 

Water withdrawal by source 

Our Environment &gt; Water Use 

And Reduction 

Pg 13 

Emissions 

305-1 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG 

emissions 

Our Environment &gt;  Energy 

Efficiency and Climate change  

Pg 16 

305-2 

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG 

emissions 

Our Environment &gt;  Energy 

Efficiency and Climate change 

Pg 17 

305-7 

Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulfur 

oxides (SOX), and other 

significant air emissions 

Our Environment &gt; Air 

Emissions 

Pg 20 

Effluents and Waste 

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal 

method 

Our Environment &gt; Waste and 

Effluents 

Pg 20 - 21 

 

 


40 

 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosures 

Disclosure Title 

Section Reference 

Page 

Reference 

SOCIAL DISCLOSURES   

Occupational Health and Safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of 

injury, occupational diseases, 

lost days, and absenteeism, 

and number of work-related 

fatalities 

Our People &gt; Safety 

Performance 

Pg 28 - 29 

Training and Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training per 

year per employee 

Our People &gt; Learning and 

Development 

Pg 31 

404-3 

Percentage of employees 

receiving regular performance 

and career development 

reviews 

Our People &gt; Performance 

Review 

Pg 30 - 31 

Diversity and Equal Opportunities 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies 

and employees 

Our People &gt; Gender Diversity 

in Hyflux 

Pg 29 - 30 

Local Communities 

413-1 

Operations with local 

community engagement, 

impact assessments, and 

development programs 

Our Community &gt; Creating 

Positive Impacts on our Local 

Community 

Pg 34 

 

