


IEV Holdings Limited

SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 2018


IEV Holdings Limited Sustainability Report 2018

2



CONTENTS

About This Report                   

Message from the Board

About IEV 

Corporate Structure

Corporate Governance 

Supply Chain

Stakeholder Engagement

Materiality Assessment

Economic 

Economic Performance 

Anti-Corruption

Environmental 

Effluents and Waste 

Environmental Compliance

Social 

Occupational Health and Safety 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

Governance 

Ethics and Integrity

GRI Standards Content Index

Page 3                

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7 

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11 - 13

Page 14 - 15

Page 16 - 19

Page 20

Page 21 - 23

This Sustainability Report has been reviewed 

by the Company‘s Sponsor, SAC Capital Private 

Limited (the “Sponsor”).

This Sustainability Report has not been examined 

or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (“Exchange”) and the Exchange 

assumes no responsibility for the contents of this 

Sustainability Report, including the correctness of 

any of the statements or opinions made or reports 

contained in this Sustainability Report. 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr Ong 

Hwee Li, at 1 Robinson Road, #21-00 AIA Tower, 

Singapore 048542, telephone (65) 6232 3210.


IEV Holdings Limited Sustainability Report 2018

3



This is IEV Holdings Limited’s (“IEV”, and together with 

its subsidiaries, the “Group”) second sustainability 

report (“Report”). This Report covers economic, 

environmental, social, and governance (“EESG”) 

related factors identified for the financial year ended 

31 December 2018 (“FY2018”).

Sustainability at IEV means providing infrastructure 

and engineering services in a responsible manner that 

respects people, their safety, and the environment. 

This 

Report 

identifies 

the 

key 

sustainability 

challenges that IEV faces in its day-to-day operations 

and the ways in which the Group has responded to 

such challenges. The Group strives to proactively 

improve on its sustainability efforts and is committed 

to maintaining environmentally sustainable business 

practices.

This Report lists topics that were a priority to IEV and 

the Group in FY2018. The topics that consistently 

ranked 

of 

high 

importance 

were 

economic 

performance, anti-corruption, occupational health 

and safety, ethics and integrity, and corporate 

governance.

Throughout each year, we use a structured process 

to select our list of topics and assess their validity. 

We engage with various groups and individuals to 

understand specific concerns about our operations 

and its impact, particularly in relation to the 

environment and society. We consider, among others, 

the views of our stakeholders such as employees, 

investors, and customers. We gather opinions and 

advice in various ways including formal and informal 

meetings, surveys, and site visits.

Our sustainability assessment is conducted annually 

and this Report is set out on a “comply or explain” basis 

in accordance with Listing Rule 711B and Practise 

Note 7F of the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of 

Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (“SGX-ST”). IEV has adopted the Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: Core Option 

for the preparation of this Report, which provides 

a globally recognised framework for companies to 

measure and communicate EESG performance.

IEV has not sought external assurance for this Report. 

This Report should be read in conjunction with IEV’s 

annual report for FY2018 (“Annual Report 2018”).

ABOUT THIS REPORT


IEV Holdings Limited Sustainability Report 2018

4

MESSAGE FROM THE BOARD



Dear Valued Stakeholders,

This Report marks our second year in sustainability 

reporting. FY2018 has been challenging yet 

illuminating for the Group – we have been adversely 

affected by low oil prices but such challenges have 

illuminated new pathways. 

To root out weak spots, we began implementing tough 

decisions to divest loss-making businesses, reduce 

operational cost, and undertake lean management 

practices to ensure the Group’s sustainability. To 

mitigate revenue reductions and increase efficiency, 

the Group has been charting new pathways in the 

commercialisation of disruptive technologies in 

its Asset Integrity Management Sector (“AIMS”) 

across the Asia Pacific region and pursuing new 

opportunities in decommissioning offshore and 

onshore structures.

Care has been taken to ensure our employees 

and other stakeholders have been treated fairly 

and equitably in our transformation into a leaner 

entity. Our internal working team, comprising of 

senior management, continue to manage and drive 

the Group’s sustainability efforts, and have been 

instrumental in identifying where such care needs to 

be undertaken.

The Board continues to closely examine aspects of 

sustainability across safety, environment, and ethics. 

Throughout FY2018, we leveraged on our full access 

to senior management to probe and raise challenging 

questions, and drew on our collective experience 

to provide feedback and advice. At site visits, we 

talked with local management, front-line staff, and 

a wide range of stakeholders to gain a sense of how 

standards are being applied in practice and maintain 

positive stakeholder engagement.

Safety continues to be a pillar of our operations. As a 

provider of products and services for the oil and gas 

industry, operating safely without hurting people or 

the environment remains a paramount objective. To 

that end, we succeeded in achieving zero fatalities 

in FY2018, with zero Loss Time Incidents (“LTI”) 

and zero Medical Treatment Injuries (“MTI”) at our 

worksites. This was an improvement over the four 

LTI and two MTI we had in FY2017.

To minimise our environmental impact, we have 

continued to invest in progressive research and 

development, which are aimed at making our marine 

growth control products, known as marine growth 

preventers, to be more resilient and last longer.

Doing the right thing in a constantly changing world 

involves making forward-looking decisions that are 

informed by reliable data. We believe accurate and 

transparent reporting of the Group’s operations and 

continually assessing our impacts against available 

local, national, and international benchmarks help 

us to be more accountable to our stakeholders. Yet, 

this is not an altruistic endeavour – sustainability 

reporting has provided us with the knowledge we 

need to reduce unnecessary use of natural resources, 

increase our efficiency, and improve operational 

performance.

We welcome this opportunity to lay bare how we 

operate, and we seek feedback on our performance 

so we can continue to improve. 

On behalf of the Board

Christopher Nghia Do

President and Chief Executive Officer

31 May 2019


IEV Holdings Limited Sustainability Report 2018

5

ABOUT IEV



IEV was established in 1986 as a company that 

provides innovative and advanced engineering 

products and services for the offshore and onshore 

oil and gas industry. In 2011, IEV was listed on 

the Catalist Board of SGX-ST and is currently 

headquartered in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.

IEV, together with its subsidiaries, is currently focused 

on running a global asset integrity management 

business with a large network in Singapore, Malaysia, 

Indonesia, Vietnam, Hong Kong, and India. Prior to 

FY2018, IEV was also involved in oil exploration 

and production in Indonesia, mobile natural gas 

distribution in Indonesia, Malaysia, and Vietnam as 

well as renewable energy business in Vietnam. IEV 

had a total of 61 permanent staff members employed 

on a full-time basis in 2018.

The plunge in oil prices in 2014, which saw prices 

dropping more than 50% to $48 a barrel resulted 

in a difficult operating environment for IEV’s oil 

exploration and production business and led to IEV 

eventually exiting the business in January 2018.

During 2018, IEV took concrete steps to discontinue, 

divest, and impair the underperforming parts of its 

business and had exited from the renewable energy 

business following the transfer of its biomass plant 

sometime mid-2018 and had subsequently exited 

from the mobile natural gas business following the 

extraordinary general meeting held on 14 November 

2018, where shareholders approved the disposal of 

PT IEV Gas.

IEV has since put in place a plan to turn the 

Group’s operations around by refocusing on its 

core innovative engineering competencies, which 

forms the root of IEV, and commercialise a suite 

of disruptive technologies in the Asset Integrity 

Management Sector, or AIMS, across upstream and 

downstream markets. The Group currently offers 

both individual and integrated technologies and 

solutions to assess, inspect, repair, and maintain 

fixed assets of both onshore and offshore structures, 

such as offshore oil and gas platforms, pipelines, 

jetties, refineries, and petrochemical plants. The 

types of technology offered are either proprietary, 

co-developed or originated from providers who 

partner with IEV to launch their unique technology 

through IEV’s extensive global distribution network 

under long-term strategic alliance arrangements.

Currently, AIMS covers the following divisions: 

Structural Integrity Solutions; Advanced Inspection 

Solutions; 

Corrosion 

Control 

Solutions; 

and 

Subsea Engineering Solutions. IEV is also exploring 

partnerships to expand AIMS to cover not only steel 

assets but also concrete infrastructure in coming 

years. While AIMS remains the focus of the Group 

for the next few years, the Group is also actively 

pursuing decommissioning-related activities, from 

conducting decommissioning studies to carrying out 

turnkey decommissioning contracts across Asia.

Moving forward, IEV will look at breaking into 

the global brownfield market with AIMS. We will 

also continue to invest in our technology-focused 

engineering business, undertake more intensive 

research and development, and evaluate new 

disruptive technologies for integration into AIMS.


IEV Holdings Limited Sustainability Report 2018

6

CORPORATE STRUCTURE






IEV Holdings Limited Sustainability Report 2018

7

OUR CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Our Board of Directors is the highest governing body 

of IEV and is responsible for strategic direction and 

the long-term success of the Group. The Board is 

made up of Directors with a wide range of skills and 

qualifications in areas such as business management, 

finance, accounting, as well as specific experience in 

related/relevant industries.

Currently, the Board consists of 5 members, 

comprising of 1 Non-Independent Non-Executive 

Chairman; 1 President and Chief Executive Officer 

and 3 Independent Directors.

For FY2018, the Board has complied with the 

principles and guidelines of the Singapore Code 

of Corporate Governance 2012. As steward of 

IEV’s strategic direction, it has taken steps to 

integrate sustainability issues as part of its strategic 

formulation. Consistent with this role, the Board has 

determined the economic, environmental, social, 

and governance factors identified as material to 

the business and ensures they are monitored and 

managed. The Board is supported by a strategic 

team of general managers, which enables the Board 

to assess and ensure that sustainability governance 

is structured and functioning through the various 

levels of management.

For more information on our corporate governance, 

please refer to our Annual Report 2018 (Report on 

Corporate Governance).


IEV Holdings Limited Sustainability Report 2018

8

SUPPLY CHAIN



Our suppliers and partners are integral to our 

ability to run our business. They are involved in 

numerous aspects of our operations, from logistics 

to engineering and IT. As such, we aim to work with 

those that conduct themselves in an economically, 

environmentally, and socially-responsible manner.

In FY2018, IEV spent RM3.5 million on goods and 

services from 81 suppliers. Our approach is to 

source products/materials and services through a 

multi-layered procurement process that is vetted at 

various levels of IEV management. We review, among 

others, potential suppliers’ industry reputation, track 

record, work ethics and assess them for a fit with our 

own philosophy and strategy.

Throughout our engagement with suppliers, we 

assess and monitor their procedures, and if needed, 

ensure training is provided to meet our standards.

We source our suppliers mainly from the countries 

we operate in such as Malaysia, Singapore, 

Indonesia, India, and Vietnam. For non-proprietary 

AIMS products and services, such as diamond-wire 

cutting and anti-corrosion thermoplastic coating, 

we source the equipment and materials from our 

Principals in the USA and UK.  The nature of these 

Principal-owned technology does not allow us to 

source any comparable equipment or material locally. 

Equipment and tools for cutting services and anti-

corrosion thermoplastic application are stored in 

supply base locations in the Asia-Pacific region, in 

proximity to where clients may require such services. 

Materials for these services are procured from the 

USA and UK and shipped to these supply bases as 

and when projects are undertaken.  When mobilised 

by the client, such equipment and materials are 

then moved to a port for embarkation on a vessel 

and transported to an offshore location where the 

service is rendered or materials applied. 

For our proprietary marine growth control technology, 

individual components are manufactured using 

custom moulds through a selected panel of injection-

die manufacturers.  These components are stored at 

IEV’s own manufacturing facility, where we prepare 

the marine growth products according to client 

specifications. The pieces are then freighted to and 

assembled at the client’s destination location, be it 

a fabrication yard, jetty, or on an offshore platform.


IEV Holdings Limited Sustainability Report 2018

9

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

IEV and the Group rely on a robust and rigorous process of stakeholder engagement to understand the 

expectations and needs of its stakeholders. We believe this process allows us to continuously learn about 

what we are doing right (and wrong), how we are impacting those we work with, and how and where we can 

improve. This, we believe, strengthens our accountability to, and builds trust with, our stakeholders.

Our stakeholder engagement process involves talking to and opening communication channels with various 

groups and individuals to understand specific concerns about our business and its impact, particularly in 

relation to the health and safety of our employees and our impact on the environment. These include, but 

are not limited to: internal stakeholders such as employees, managers, senior management, and Board of 

Directors; and external stakeholders such as suppliers, regulators, creditors, shareholders, and customers.

We gather opinions and advice in various ways including formal and informal meetings, surveys, site visits, and 

feedback channels. These opinions and advice are then incorporated into our corporate strategies to achieve 

mutually beneficial outcomes.

Key Stakeholders

Forms of Engagement

Key Topics

Employees

• Annual appraisals

• Regular QHSE employee feedback

• Scheduled town hall meetings

• Staff performance

• Career advancement 

• Company performance 

• Company strategies 

• Occupational health and safety

• Diversity and equal opportunity

Customers

• Project kick-off and close-out 

   meetings

• Feedback channels

• Occasional site visits

• Scheduled roadshows

• Improvements in customer service

• Feedback on products and   

   services

• Ethics and Integrity

• Environmental compliance

Suppliers/Creditors

• Annual vendor evaluation

• Feedback channels

• Scheduled site visits

• Assessment of goods and services 

   provided by vendors

• Environmental compliance

Shareholders

• Annual General Meeting

• Annual reports

• Company website

• SGX NET announcements

• Company performance

• Company direction

• Strategies and developments

• Ethics and integrity

• Anti-corruption

Regulators

• Electronic communications

• SGX NET announcements

• Corporate governance

• Operational performance

• Economic performance

• Compliance with local laws 

   and regulations

• Anti-corruption


IEV Holdings Limited Sustainability Report 2018

10

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

To identify and prioritise sustainability factors for inclusion in this report, IEV conducted a 

materiality assessment.

Identify and understand factors that are important to our stakeholders

Identify factors that are important to IEV’s business strategy

Rank the importance of the factors using a materiality matrix that weighs factors 

according to a) importance to stakeholders and b) significance of impacts

Present list of material factors to the Board of Directors for validation and approval

Identify mitigation and enhancement measures/targets for material factors

Review material factors in reporting periods for relevance and success in meeting 

measures/targets

MAIN STEPS IN SELECTING MATERIAL FACTORS

1

2

3

4

5

6

Economic

       Economic performance

       Anti-corruption

Environmental

       Effluents and waste

       Environmental compliance

Social

       Occupational health and safety

       Diversity and equal opportunity

Governance

       Ethics and integrity

Applying these steps, and following GRI 

guidelines for material disclosures, we have 

identified the following as our material 

factors:

There have been no changes to the factors identified as compared 

to the previous sustainability report. IEV endeavours to review 

these factors as and when there is a change to our business 

model. If there is no change to our model, we will review these 

factors annually.

Influence on stakeholders,

 assessments and decisions

Significance of economic, environmental, and social impacts

1

2

3

4

5

1

2

3

4

5

GRI 200

GRI 300

GRI 400

A

E

C

B

D

F

A

B

C

D

E

F

G

G


IEV Holdings Limited Sustainability Report 2018

11

ECONOMIC

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

• Direct economic value generated and distributed

IEV believes financial sustainability is critical to our 

survival and business progression. We aim to ensure 

long-term profitability by taking into account the 

interests of all stakeholders, such as employees, 

shareholders, suppliers, and society as a whole; 

minimise risk by identifying early opportunities and 

obstacles and putting in place clear measures that 

maximise opportunities and mitigate obstacles; and 

adhere to laws and regulations that protect and 

enhance employee welfare.

The Group’s operations can and has been impacted by 

fluctuating prices of oil and gas, and their derivative 

products. In a low oil and gas price environment, 

our clients would generate less revenue from their 

businesses, which could result in the businesses 

incurring losses or becoming less profitable. 

Prolonged periods of low oil and gas prices, coupled 

with rising costs, over the last 5 years, have resulted 

and could continue to result in projects being 

delayed, cancelled, or divested. 

Such an environment has led us to exit oil exploration 

and production in Indonesia; mobile natural gas 

distribution in Indonesia, Malaysia, and Vietnam; 

and the renewable energy (rice husk-based) sector 

in Vietnam. In aggregate, these sectors recorded a 

loss of RM8.2 million for FY2018, compared to a 

loss of RM72.6 million for FY2017. The divestment 

of these sectors has alleviated the Group’s cash flow 

pressures.

The prolonged downturn in the upstream oil and 

gas industry also impacted our AIMS operations. 

For FY2018, the Group recorded revenue of RM3.0 

million from continuing operations, a decrease of 

RM3.7 million or 55.3% year-on-year due to AIMS 

continuing to experience reduced business activities. 

The Group’s proprietary marine growth control 

products contributed 30.1% of revenue in FY2018 

from continuing operations compared to 62.3% in 

FY2017. Correspondingly, the Group’s gross profit 

from continuing operations also declined – for 

FY2018, it was down 66.3% to RM1.7 million from 

RM4.9 million in FY2017.  

The Group has started to diversify AIMS beyond 

the oil and gas industry to other industries including 

power, petrochemical, chemical, and fertilisers. Also, 

in addition to intensifying the commercialisation 

of disruptive technologies in AIMS across the Asia 

Pacific region, the Group has launched a number of 

advanced inspection and corrosion control solutions 

for both offshore and onshore assets. Recent AIMS 

contracts in Malaysia and Nigeria have demonstrated 

that demand for AIMS solutions will grow in the 

coming years.

The 

Group 

is 

also 

currently 

pursuing 

new 

decommissioning opportunities and will participate 

in future decommissioning tenders in Malaysia. 

The Group also hopes to explore opportunities for 

platform reuse and decommissioning studies, where 

it has a proven track record especially in cold cutting 

solutions for removal of offshore jackets, pipelines, 

and conductors.

The US Energy Information Administration (“EIA”) 

has forecast that Brent spot prices will average $70/

per barrel in 2019 and $67/per barrel in 20201, 

reflecting tighter expected global oil market balances 

in mid-2019 and increasing supply disruption risks. 

The massive amount of output from the US shale 

oil is creating a crude glut and driving down US 

crude prices to a level that international markets are 

struggling to compete with. This is also forcing OPEC 

and its non-OPEC allies to renew their agreement to 

cut oil production output.

The Group is therefore cautiously optimistic 

of our performance in FY2019 and barring any 

unforeseen circumstances, we look forward to the 

successful implementation of our diversification and 

commercialisation of disruptive technologies plan.

For a more detailed look at our financial results, 

please refer to the following sections in our Annual 

Report 2018:

• 

Directors’ Statement

• 

Independent Auditor’s Report

• 

Statements of Financial Position

• 

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and 

             Other Comprehensive Income

• 

Statements of Changes in Equity

• 

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

• 

Notes to Financial Statements

1 https://www.ogj.com/articles/2019/05/eia-revises-upwards-its-oil-price-forecasts-for-2019-20.html


IEV Holdings Limited Sustainability Report 2018

12

ECONOMIC



ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

• Financial implications and other risks and 

opportunities due to climate change

Rising climate change concerns have led and could 

lead to additional legal and/or regulatory measures 

for our clients in the oil and gas industry, which could 

result in project delays or cancellations, a decrease 

in demand for fossil fuels, potential litigation, and 

additional compliance obligations.

Additionally, there is some pressure to divest 

investments in fossil fuel companies, which could 

affect our ability to finance our portion of costs, 

either through equity or debt. The World Bank has 

announced plans to stop financing upstream oil and 

gas projects in 20192. Similarly, it has been reported 

that other financial institutions also appear to be 

considering limiting their exposure to certain fossil 

fuel projects. 

We aim to reduce our exposure to the oil and gas 

industry by partnering with clients outside of this 

industry such as power, petrochemical, chemical, 

and fertilisers.

In addition, physical effects of climate change such 

as, but not limited to, adverse weather patterns 

could negatively impact our operations. Currently, 

our AIMS can be subject to weather disruptions, 

which may delay the start and completion of work. 

We have put into place contingencies in our work 

schedule and budgeting that compensate for 

potential weather disruptions.

2 https://www.worldbank.org/en/news/press-release/2017/12/12/world-bank-group-announcements-at-one-planet-summit


IEV Holdings Limited Sustainability Report 2018

13

ECONOMIC

(IMAGE)



ANTI-CORRUPTION

• Operations assessed for risks related to corruption

IEV and the Group operate across different countries 

and engage numerous contractors, suppliers, agents, 

and other partners. This exposes us to numerous 

vulnerable points for corruption. Preventing and 

managing risks associated with corrupt practices is 

therefore a material factor.

We prevent and manage these risks with a zero-

tolerance policy towards accepting any gifts or 

favours from individuals, organisation, vendors, or 

contractors doing or seeking to do business with the 

Group. 

We also have in place a whistle-blowing policy 

that supports our anti-corruption commitment by 

enabling employees to, in confidence, raise concerns 

internally and disclose any impropriety through well-

defined and accessible channels. Should there be any 

reported impropriety, we have an audit committee 

that conducts independent investigations and enact 

appropriate follow-up actions where necessary.

Senior management in each country have been 

tasked with ensuring the appropriate controls and 

monitoring systems have been put in place to prevent 

improper payments/bribery/corrupt practices. We 

have also engaged external auditors to assess gaps 

and evaluate if improper payments/procedures have 

been made.

• Communication and training about anti-corruption 

policies and procedures

Our policies are communicated to employees in all 

countries we operate in and can be accessed easily 

via our company intranet. As part of our induction 

programme when any new personnel joins the 

organisation, we instil in them the Group’s anti-

corruption policies and procedures including no-

gifts and whistle-blowing.

We also notify our employees on changes to 

such policies via internal notices and emails. Our 

employees are also encouraged to consult or seek 

clarification from HR and Senior Management 

personnel who have been designated to manage 

whistle blowing channels.

• Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken

We had zero incidents of corruption in FY2018. We 

aim to maintain zero incidents of corruption in the 

next financial year. No whistle blowing reports were 

made during FY2018.


IEV Holdings Limited Sustainability Report 2018

14

ENVIRONMENTAL



EFFLUENTS AND WASTE

• Waste by type and disposal method

Our previous generations of marine growth control 

products may reach the end of its service life when its 

anti-fouling coating loses its efficacy, which is usually 

after five years. Our recommendation to clients is 

for these products to be removed and replaced by 

a new set of marine growth control products. As our 

products are made of high-density poly-ethylene, 

they can be recycled like any plastic material. 

We have improved our latest generation of products 

by making them self-cleaning, which negates the 

requirement for an anti-fouling coating and therefore 

extends its service life beyond five years.  

In typhoon prone or icy ocean conditions, there is a risk 

that IEV’s marine growth control products installed 

on offshore structures may, after a prolonged period, 

break apart or detach from the structures and drift 

into the open sea.  Before the latest generation of 

products, we have avoided installing our products in 

locations prone to extreme weather conditions.

To reintroduce our products to locations with extreme 

weather conditions, our latest generation of marine 

growth control products have been developed to be 

stronger such that it can withstand extreme storm 

conditions.  

To support its efficacy claims, various tests are being 

conducted by an external agency, designed to see 

if our products can withstand typhoons and other 

severe ocean conditions. The initial tests revealed 

that our Single Ring product can withstand winds and 

ocean conditions up to Beaufort force 10 without 

any damage, while our Multiple Ring can withstand 

up to Beaufort force 12 without any damage. The 

Beaufort scale measures wind speeds and relates 

them to observed conditions at sea or on land, with 

the maximum, force 12, denoting typhoon force 

winds and conditions. Further tests are now being 


IEV Holdings Limited Sustainability Report 2018

15

ENVIRONMENTAL



conducted to determine the products’ endurance 

in repeated height drops to simulate extreme wave 

conditions.

We aim to assist our clients in recovering 

infrastructure that has been decommissioned, which 

is becoming a part of our business portfolio. This 

will allow us to better plan for the end-of-life of 

our products with our clients and moving forward, 

facilitate a cradle-to-cradle philosophy where our 

products, once decommissioned, are recycled.

As 

for 

plastic 

waste 

produced 

during 

the 

manufacturing of our products, we abide by 

Malaysia’s Environment Quality Act of 1974, 

which requires us to recycle the waste at periodic 

schedules. We produced 600 kilograms of plastic 

waste in FY2018. We contracted a professional 

waste recovery and recycling company, Resources 

Conservation Sdn Bhd, which treats and recycles 

our plastic waste using the latest technology. The 

company’s processes and methods follow local laws 

and regulations.

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

• Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations

IEV believes in reducing our footprint and impact to 

as low as reasonably practicable. As such, we support 

the precautionary principle and aim to avoid negative 

impacts on the environment where feasible. To this 

end, we aim to ensure all risks generated from our 

operations are identified, assessed, and mitigated to 

a reasonably practicable level.

We have adhered to all relevant Codes and 

Regulations on the environment. In FY2018, there 

were no incidences of non-compliance with laws 

and regulations that resulted in significant fines or 

sanctions, and we aim to maintain this in the next 

financial year.


IEV Holdings Limited Sustainability Report 2018

16

SOCIAL



OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

• Occupational health and safety management 

system

Providing engineering services to offshore and 

onshore oil facilities carries a certain degree of risk 

that requires the installation of carefully calibrated 

processes to minimise injury and danger. As such, 

occupational health and safety (“OHS”) is of great 

importance to IEV and we have put in place robust 

systems for engendering a safety culture that goes 

beyond compliance to one where our people feel 

listened to, cared for, and comfortable raising 

concerns.

As a basic requirement, we adhere to applicable 

health and safety laws in the countries where we 

operate. These laws include Malaysia’s Occupational 

Safety and Health Act 1994, Factory &amp; Machinery 

Act 1976, and Environmental Quality Act 1974. 

Malaysia is where the Group’s manufacturing facility 

is based. Other country offices manage sales and 

marketing operations and do not produce industrial 

waste but nevertheless abide by laws imposed by 

their respective governments.

We have also put in place an integrated health 

and safety culture that runs throughout all levels 

of our organisation. We believe putting in place 

proper training and effective communication and 

consultation can ensure all accidents and incidents 

are preventable. 

IEV’s OHS is managed by the Quality, Health, 

Safety, and Environment (“QHSE”) department. 

This department is led by a QHSE Manager, who is 

responsible for ensuring the management system is 

established, updated, and maintained according to 

local and international standards requirements. This 

position is part of senior management, which reports 

directly to the President and CEO of the Group.

Also, IEV’s OHS management system is implemented 

to and governed by ISO 45001:2018 standard and 

its prevailing requirements. In order to obtain the 

internationally-recognised certification, we have 

to continually improve the suitability, adequacy, 

and effectiveness of the OHS management system 

by ensuring that we have put in place numerous 

checks and communication channels for identifying 

and rectifying hazards and risks. These checks and 

communication channels will be elaborated upon 

further in the next sections.


IEV Holdings Limited Sustainability Report 2018

17

SOCIAL

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

• Hazard identification, risk assessment, and 

incident investigation

Our dedicated QHSE department ensures health 

and safety practices are carried out across all our 

operations from corporate to manufacturing and 

engineering services. Before embarking on any 

engineering service work, our project management 

team will conduct a job safety induction. In addition, 

we conduct a job hazard analysis (JHA), which dissects 

the job procedure by procedure to identify existing 

as well as potential hazards, prioritise corrective 

actions, and reduce/eliminate the hazards.

Our whistle-blowing policy supports our health and 

safety commitment by enabling employees to, in 

confidence, raise concerns internally and disclose 

any impropriety through well-defined and accessible 

channels. Our people need not fear reprisal for 

reporting any shortfalls in our health and safety 

practices. 

Should employees view an activity to be a potential 

hazard, we have a Stop Work policy, which can be 

exercised by any employee, regardless of position, 

seniority, or discipline. We do not apportion blame 

or fault on any employee who calls for a Stop Work 

order even if, upon 

investigation, 

the 

Stop Work order was 

deemed unnecessary. 

Work that has ceased 

due to a Stop Work 

order resumes only 

after all safety checks 

have been conducted.

When 

investigating 

incidents, we have a 

reporting process that 

must be completed 

within 12 hours for 

incidents 

involving 

a 

fatality, 

within 

24 hours for loss 

time incidents (“LTI”), and a maximum of 48 hours 

for incidents involving medical treatment or the 

application of first aid. This involves filling up a “Work 

Incident Report” form and submitting the form to the 

immediate supervisor. Within the same time periods 

(12 hours for fatal incidents and 24 hours for LTI), 

supervisors must form a team to investigate the 

incident. For medical treatment incidents, supervisors 

must form an investigative team within 72 hours.

The team is responsible for analysing the incident, 

evaluating the risks, and preparing concluding 

remarks that will be presented to all staff to raise 

awareness and put in place prevention measures. 

This process should be completed within seven days 

for fatal incidents, within 10 days for LTI, and within 

14 days for medical treatment incidents.

Each year, we also conduct an internal audit and 

check against all the relevant clauses of the ISO 

450001:2018 requirements. The outcome of the 

audit is analysed and presented at our management 

review meeting. Further action is then taken where 

warranted. This can involve, among others, changing 

policies and processes that do not work/have 

resulted in accidents and identifying new risks and 

opportunities.




IEV Holdings Limited Sustainability Report 2018

18

SOCIAL



OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

• Worker participation, consultation, and 

communication on occupational health and safety

IEV and the Group have in place a formal joint 

management-worker health and safety committee. 

This committee comprises of representatives from 

senior management and the workers. This committee 

meets every quarter and reports to the committee’s 

chairman, who represents IEV’s senior management.

The committee is responsible for assisting in the 

development of health and safety rules and safe 

work systems; reviewing the effectiveness of health 

and safety programmes; carrying out studies on 

accident trends, near-misses, dangerous occurrences, 

occupational poisoning/disease; reporting on unsafe/

unhealthy practices and providing recommendations 

for corrective action; and reviewing workplace health 

and safety policies and making recommendations for 

revising any existing policy.

• Work-related injuries

Between January and December 2018, we recorded 

110,536 man-hours across our operations with zero 

Loss Time Incidents and zero Medical Treatment 

Injuries. In 2017, the Group recorded 4.38 million 

man-hours with 4 Loss-Time Incidents and 2 Medical 

Treatment Injuries. The reduction in man-hours in 

FY2018 compared to FY2017 is due to the disposal 

of the Mobile Natural Gas Sector in FY2018. Moving 

forward, we aim to maintain zero Loss Time Incidents 

and zero Medical Treatment Injuries.


IEV Holdings Limited Sustainability Report 2018

19



SOCIAL

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY

• Diversity of governance bodies and employees

IEV considers our employees our most valuable asset, 

and as such, endeavour to offer our people a fair 

and safe work environment. We do not discriminate 

against 

race, 

age, 

gender, 

religion, 

ethnicity, 

nationality, or physical abilities. This is codified in our 

employee handbook, which is disseminated to all our 

people when they start working with us. 

In addition, we have put in place a strict policy 

against sexual harassment in order to ensure a safe 

and conducive work environment. We define sexual 

harassment as conduct of a sexual nature which 

can take verbal (e.g. innuendoes, comments), non-

verbal (e.g. leering, obscene gesticulations), visual 

(e.g. posters, signs), physical (e.g. touching, coerced 

sexual act), and textual/electronic (e.g. e-mails, texts) 

forms. A thorough investigation is launched when 

a complaint is received and those found guilty will 

be meted punishments, ranging from a warning to 

dismissal.

In 

2018, 

we 

received 

zero 

complaints 

for 

discrimination and we aim to replicate this in future. 

We aim to sustain a diverse workforce and an inclusive 

environment that respects and shows care for all our 

people, which in turn, we believe will improve our 

business performance. 

In FY2018, IEV employed a total of 61 permanent 

employees (including senior management and Chief 

Executive Officer). The employee gender breakdown 

was 41% female and 59% male. The employee age 

breakdown was 7% below 30 years old; 86% for 30-

50 years old; and 7% for over 50 years old. 

All IEV staff are employed on a permanent and full-

time basis. Out of the 61 employees, IEV’s senior 

management team comprised of 17 employees 

holding positions ranging from Assistant Manager to 

Chief Executive Officer. The gender breakdown of the 

senior management positions was 47% female and 

53% male. Out of a total of 17 senior management 

members, 82% were 30-50 years in age while 18% 

were over 50 years old.

IEV’s Board of Directors for FY2018 comprised 20% 

female and 80% male. All were over 50 years old.

We have endeavoured to have an equal gender mix, 

where possible. However, in the engineering sector 

and the kinds of industries (such as oil and gas) that 

we target, we do see more applications from males 

than females. This can account for the slightly lower 

overall percentage of female employees but this has 

not hampered their upward mobility as our women 

employees account for 67% of senior management.


IEV Holdings Limited Sustainability Report 2018

20

GOVERNANCE

ETHICS &amp; INTEGRITY

• Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour

IEV has an internal Code of Conduct that stipulates how we conduct our business and practices. Our Code of 

Conduct provides guidance to our employees on our key commitments, which include:

We recognise that the creation and maintenance of a safe and secure workplace, free of risk or exposure to 

personal harm, property damage, or adverse impacts on the environment, hinges on keeping our employees 

informed of the Code of Conduct. The Code of Conduct is disseminated to our employees via our company’s 

intranet, bulletin boards, employee handbooks, and regular briefings. Senior management is also responsible for 

ensuring that guidelines set out in the Code of Conduct are communicated to and understood by all employees, 

and for ensuring compliance.

We endeavour to remain cognizant and ever-vigilant of the needs of our employees, stakeholders, and 

environment. In that regard, we review our Code of Conduct annually so as to ensure they remain true to our 

core values of respect, integrity, professionalism, and accountability.

High standards in 

workplace health, safety, 

and the environment

Responsible behaviour 

while on-site (no drugs 

or alcohol policy)

No discrimination in pay 

based on gender

Fair and transparent 

employment practices

Provision of whistle-

blowing channels in 

event of breach

Provision of a safe work 

environment free from 

harassment

Prevention of improper 

payments/corruption


IEV Holdings Limited Sustainability Report 2018

21

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Page Reference 

and Reasons 

for Omission, if 

Applicable

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures

Organisational Profile

102-1 Name of the organisation

3

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services

5

102-3 Location of headquarters

5

102-4 Location of operations

6

102-5 Ownership and legal form

AR p4

102-6 Markets served

5-6

102-7 Scale of the organisation

5-6, 11, AR p 16-20

102-9 Supply chain

8

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain

5, AR p 14-20

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach

IEV supports 

the intent of the 

precautionary 

principle, but has 

not expressed 

a specific 

commitment.

Strategy

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker

4

Ethics and Integrity

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior

20

Governance

102-18 Governance structure

7, AR p 21-45


IEV Holdings Limited Sustainability Report 2018

22

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Page Reference 

and Reasons 

for Omission, if 

Applicable

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40 List of stakeholder groups

9

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements

NA

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders

9-10

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement

9

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised

9

Reporting Practice

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

AR p 47-67

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries

3

102-47 List of material topics

10

102-48 Restatements of information

NA

102-49 Changes in reporting

NA

102-50 Reporting period

3

102-51 Date of most recent report

Inaugural Sus-

tainability Report 

(FY2017) published 

on 28 December 

2018 

102-52 Reporting cycle

3

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report

Back cover

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

3

102-55 GRI content index

21-23

102-56 External assurance

NA

MATERIAL FACTORS

Economic Performance

Economic Performance

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries

11-13

103-2 The management approach and its components

11-13

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

11-13

201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed

11, AR p 16-20, 

57-67

201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to 

climate change

12


IEV Holdings Limited Sustainability Report 2018

23

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Page Reference 

and Reasons 

for Omission, if 

Applicable

MATERIAL FACTORS

Anti-Corruption

Anti-Corruption

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries

13

103-2 The management approach and its components

13

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

13

205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption

13

205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and 

procedures

13

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

3

Effluents and Waste

Effluents and Waste

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries

14-15

103-2 The management approach and its components

14-15

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

14-15

306-2 Waste by type and disposal method

14-15

Environmental Compliance

Environmental 

Compliance

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries

14-15

103-2 The management approach and its components

14-15

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

14-15

307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations

15

Occupational Health and Safety

Occupational Health and 

Safety

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries

16-18

103-2 The management approach and its components

16-18

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

16-18

403-1 Occupational health and safety management system

16

403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident 

investigation

17

403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on 

occupational health and safety

18

403-9 Work-related injuries

18

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries

19

103-2 The management approach and its components

19

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

19

405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees

19

Ethics and Integrity

Ethics and Integrity

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries

20

103-2 The management approach and its components

20

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

20


IEV Holdings Limited Sustainability Report 2018

24

IEV HOLDINGS LIMITED

(Company Registration No.: 201117734D)

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore on 26 July 2011)

Level 5, Menara PKNS

Block A, No. 17 Jalan Yong Shook Lin

46050 Petaling Jaya

Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia

Tel : +6 (03) 7931 9921 Fax : +6 (03) 7931 9964

info@iev-group.com

www.iev-group.com

