
 

1 

IMPERIUM CROWN LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

Sustainability Report  

2020 

 

 

 




 

2 

IMPERIUM CROWN LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

Contents 

Executive Chairman’s Message ................................................................................. 3 

Organisation Profile .................................................................................................... 4 

Our Sustainability Story .............................................................................................. 5 

Ethics  ........................................................................................................................ 8 

Governance and Statement of the Board ................................................................... 9 

Stakeholder Engagement  ........................................................................................ 10 

Reporting Practice .................................................................................................... 11 

1. Leisure and hospitality ....................................................................................... 13 

Environmental Sustainability ............................................................................. 13 

Social Responsibility .......................................................................................... 14 

Supplier Management ......................................................................................... 15 

2. Property Development ....................................................................................... 16 

3. Our People, Our Assets ..................................................................................... 17 

Workforce Diversity ............................................................................................ 17 

Employee Retention ........................................................................................... 17 

SGX Five Primary Components Index...................................................................... 18 

GRI Standards Content Index .................................................................................. 18 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

3 

IMPERIUM CROWN LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

Executive Chairman’s Message 

 

Dear Stakeholders,  

I am pleased to present the Sustainability Report of Imperium Crown Limited and its 

subsidiaries (the “Company” or collectively the “Group”) for the financial year ended 

30 June 2020 (“FY2020”), which provides information on the economic, environmental 

and social aspects of our sustainability business and practices. As we expand our 

footprint overseas, we have continually integrated sustainability practices into our 

business operations.  

We endeavour to operate our hotel, tourist site and properties in an environmentally 

and socially sustainable manner, and we strictly comply with local environmental and 

social regulations. 

In FY2020, the 2019 Novel Coronavirus (“COVID-19”) emerged and resulted in a 

formidable outbreak which evolved into a global pandemic. Although it has impacted 

the tourism, travel and hospitality industries greatly, we believe that the restriction on 

international travel coupled with the lifting of lockdowns within the People’s Republic 

of China (“PRC”) will lead to an increase in domestic travel and tourism. With the 

resumption of operations of our hotel at the Wonder Stone Park (the “WSP Hotel”) in 

late March 2020, we remain poised to continue with our development plans at the 

Wonder Stone Park (the “WSP”). During these unsettling times, we stay committed to 

prioritising the safety of our guests and employees. We have implemented strict safety 

protocols and educated all hotel staff on the necessary measures to ensure that they 

are well-prepared in keeping the hotel and its guests safe.  

As the crisis continues to rapidly evolve, we pledge to protect the health and welfare 

of our guests, employees and the surrounding community of our properties to the best 

of our abilities.  

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my gratitude to our clients, business 

partners and shareholders for their unwavering support. We look forward to your 

continual support as we strive to develop a more sustainable environment for all. 

Sun Bowen 

Executive Chairman 

 

 


 

4 

IMPERIUM CROWN LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

Corporate Profile  

 

Imperium Crown Limited is listed on the SGX-ST Catalist Board (stock code: 5HT) and 

became a component stock of the FTSE ST Catalist Index on 21 September 2015.  It was 

listed on the SGX-ST (Catalist Board) on 19 January 2006.  The Company’s main 

business is in property investment and property development in Asia. 

The Company aims to build up a portfolio of well-located properties with a view towards 

generating attractive returns for our shareholders.  We constantly seek growth 

opportunities in the real estate sector, especially through experienced and trusted 

partners in various markets. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

5 

IMPERIUM CROWN LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

Our Sustainability Story  

 

Sustainable Tourism 

The Group is committed to achieving sustainable tourism which makes a low impact 

on the environment and local culture, while helping to generate future employment for 

the local community. We conducted impact assessments before the commencement 

of hotel and tourism operations to ensure that operations are conducted in an 

environmentally and socially responsible manner. The impact assessment established 

that our operations will have no significant negative impact on the environment and 

local community. 

By achieving sustainable tourism, we maximise the positive contribution of tourism to 

biodiversity conservation and poverty reduction and the achievement of common goals 

towards sustainable development, including those related to poverty, inequality and 

environmental degradation. 

The Group is committed to operating sustainably in economic, environmental and 

social aspects. While the economic landscape for the leisure and hospitality industry 

in FY2020 was less than optimistic due to the COVID-19 outbreak, we believe that 

with our strategic business decisions and astute foresight, we will achieve sustainable 

returns for our stakeholders. The safety and welfare of our employees remain our top 

priority in these trying times. 

Sustainable Property Development 

The Group will work towards prioritising environmental sustainability in our property 

designs and construction and has incorporated environmental sustainability in the 

ongoing property designs. We strictly comply with environmental and socioeconomic 

laws and regulations. 

Sustainability Targets 

Below is a summary table of the Group’s sustainability performance during FY2020 

and targets for FY2021.   

Environmental Performance in FY2020 

Segment 

FY2020 Target 

Performance Update 

Leisure and Hospitality 

Minimise energy consumption 

and emissions 

Achieved energy consumption of 

1.3 million kWh and energy 

intensity of 87 kWh/m2 

Minimise water consumption 

Achieved water consumption of 

15,000 m3 

Minimise waste and effluents 

generation and maximise 

recycling 

Achieved waste and effluents 

generation of 245 kg and 

recycled 85% of waste and 

effluents generated 

Minimise food wastage 

Achieved 36 kg of food wastage 

Leisure and Hospitality, 

Property Development 

Zero incident of environmental 

non-compliance 

Achieved zero incident of 

environmental non-compliance 


 

6 

IMPERIUM CROWN LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

Environmental Targets for FY2021 

Leisure and Hospitality 

Achieve energy intensity of 61 kWh/m2 

Minimise water consumption 

Minimise waste and effluents generation  

Recycle 90% of waste generated 

Minimise food wastage 

Leisure and Hospitality, 

Property Development 

Zero incident of environmental non-compliance 

Social Performance in FY2020 

 

FY2020 Target 

Performance Update 

Leisure and Hospitality 

Zero hotel guest health and 

safety incident 

 

Achieved zero hotel guest 

health and safety incident 

 

Achieved zero incident of 

COVID-19 transmission 

among guests 

Zero food safety incident 

Achieved zero food safety 

incidents 

Zero occupational health and 

safety incidents among hotel 

staff 

 

Achieved zero occupational 

health and safety incidents 

among hotel staff 

 

Achieved zero incident of 

COVID-19 transmission 

among staff 

Achieve 50% of local hires for 

hotel workforce 

Achieved 63% of local hires for 

hotel workforce 

Achieve 50% of local 

procurement vendors 

Not available this year as hotel 

did not compute the data 

Group-level 

Zero occupational health and 

safety incident 

Achieved zero occupational 

health safety incident 

Zero incident of socioeconomic 

non-compliance 

 

Achieved zero incident of 

socioeconomic non-

compliance 

 

Achieved zero incident of 

non-compliance with COVID-

19 laws and regulations 

Social Targets for FY2021 

Leisure and Hospitality 

Zero hotel guest health and safety incident 

Zero food safety incident 

Zero occupational health and safety incident among hotel staff 

Zero incident of COVID-19 transmission among hotel guests and staff 

Achieve 50% of local hires for hotel workforce 

Group-level 

Zero occupational health and safety incident 

Zero incident of socioeconomic non-compliance 

Zero incident of non-compliance with COVID-19 laws and regulations 

 

 

 

 

 


 

7 

IMPERIUM CROWN LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

Awards and Achievements  

The Group has achieved the following awards: 

- 

“AAAA” rating for the Wonder Stone Park by the Shandong Tourism Development 

Commission (国家级4A级旅游景区) 1, which is testimonial of the quality of the 

WSP as a tourist attraction 

- 

2018 Shandong Province Leading Enterprise for the assimilation of Cultural 

Tourism within its Tourist Attraction (2018年度山东旅游景区文旅融合先进单位). Consistent 

with the direction of government of The People’s Republic of China to develop its 

cultural tourism industry, the award signifies a recognition of our assimilation of 

the unique cultural aspects of our WSP together with that of a tourist attraction.  

 

 

1 – Based on the list (as of 24 April 2020) compiled by the Ministry of Culture and 

Tourism 

of 

the 

People’s 

Republic 

of 

China 

(Shandong 

province) 

http://whhly.shandong.gov.cn/art/2020/4/24/art_100526_9032316.html The Tourist 

Attraction Rating Categories of China ( 旅 游 景 区 质 量 等 级 ) is a rating system 

administered by the China National Tourism Administration to determine the quality of 

the attraction in terms of the following factors, including but not limited to basic 

amenities, transportation and number of visitors.  There are five categories, of which 

AAAA is the second highest rating.  

 

 


 

8 

IMPERIUM CROWN LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

Ethics  

 

Anti-corruption  

GRI 205-1, 205-2, 205-3 

The Group takes a strong stand against corrupt practices and strategies, and this 

value has been communicated to all of our employees, major suppliers and business 

partners. The Company has formal policies on anti-corruption and our employees are 

educated on our anti-corruption stance upon induction and reinforced when necessary. 

Any forms of corruption within the Group will not be tolerated, and will be escalated to 

the Chairman of the Board of Directors. 

There was no reported incident of corruption in respect of FY2020.  

Whistleblowing Policy 

The Company has established a whistle blowing policy where employees may, in 

confidence, raise concerns or observations about possible corporate malpractices and 

improprieties in financial reporting or other matters directly to the Lead Independent 

Director.  

The Audit Committee (“AC”) has adopted a Whistle-Blowing Policy which provides 

well-defined and accessible channels in the Group through which employees may 

raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other 

matters such as the encounter of any improper conduct within the Group. Procedures 

are in place for the proper follow-up and investigations of such whistle-blowing 

incidents, as and when they arise. The Group also extended the Whistle-Blowing 

Policy to members of the public as well by means of the Company’s website where 

the email addresses of the Chairman of the AC and another Independent Director are 

available for the raising of potential concerns under the Whistle-Blowing Policy. The 

objective for such arrangements is to ensure independent investigation of matters 

raised and to allow appropriate actions to be taken. 

The AC oversees the administration of the policy. Where a complaint has been made, 

a report will be submitted to the AC for investigation and follow-up. 

The AC did not receive any report during FY2020 and up to the date of this report.  

 

 

 


 

9 

IMPERIUM CROWN LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

Governance and Statement of the Board  

 

The Group’s Board of Directors and senior management consider sustainability issues 

as part of our strategic formulation. To implement our sustainability efforts, a 

Sustainability Task Force (the “Sustainability Task Force”) comprising key 

management personnel and chaired by the Chief Financial Officer was established in 

January 2019 to oversee the sustainability performance of the Group as a whole. The 

Board also examines diversity and implements it across the organisation and in the 

Board. Due to the COVID-19 outbreak, no meeting of the Sustainability Task Force 

took place in 2020. The Sustainability Task Force will meet on an annual basis starting 

in January 2021. 

The Board is responsible for and approves the material economic, environmental and 

social factors identified by the Sustainability Task Force, and ensures that the factors 

identified are managed and monitored. 

Please refer to the Corporate Governance Report in our Annual Report 2020 for more 

information on corporate governance practices, precautionary measures and risk 

management structure. 

 

 


 

10 

IMPERIUM CROWN LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

Stakeholder Engagement  

The Group understands that stakeholder engagement is the key to sustainable growth. 

We determine the material topics based on their materiality to stakeholders. Our 

stakeholders are groups that have material impact on or are impacted by our 

operations. Key stakeholders include management and employees, investors and 

shareholders, customers, contractors and suppliers. Other groups include regulators 

and key government agencies. They are mapped into groups based on their impact 

on the Group. Through various engagement channels such as press release and 

notices and explanatory memoranda for general meetings, we seek to understand our 

stakeholders’ views, communicate effectively with them and respond to their concerns. 

Our commitment to our shareholders is evident through our constant engagement and 

incorporation of their concerns into our business strategy and operations. 

The following table summarises our key stakeholders, engagement platforms and their 

key concerns:  

 

 

 

 

Stakeholders 

Engagement 

platforms 

Issues of concern 

Read more in the 

following sections 

Management and 

Employees  

 

Performance 

appraisal 

system 

 

Remuneration 

and benefits 

 

Performance 

monitoring 

 

Employee 

Retention 

Contractors and 

suppliers 

 

Assessment of 

contractors and  

suppliers  

 

Environmental 

compliance  

 

Social compliance 

 

Environmental 

Sustainability 

 

Social 

Responsibility 

Customers  

 

Customer 

feedback 

 

Environmental 

impact of touristic 

activitieso 

 

Leisure and 

Hospitality 

Shareholders and 

investors 

 

Annual reports  

 

Investor 

relations 

management  

 

 

Economic 

performance  

 

Anti-corruption  

 

Anti-corruption 

Government and 

regulators 

 

SGX quarterly 

announcements  

 

Annual reports 

 

Ongoing 

dialogues 

 

 

Environmental 

compliance with 

government 

agencies  

 

Environmental 

Sustainability 

 

Social 

Responsibility 


 

11 

IMPERIUM CROWN LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

Reporting Practice 

 

The Group’s FY2020 sustainability report has been produced in accordance with the 

Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards “Core” option covering our performance 

from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020. Under the core option, we fully comply with the GRI 

Foundation and Management Approach standards, the 31 General Disclosures and 

disclose at least one indicator for each material topic reported. 

 

The GRI Standards represent the global best practices for reporting on economic, 

environmental and social topics. The Group uses the GRI standards to report about 

its impacts on the economy, the environment and the society and discloses them in 

accordance with a globally-accepted standard. We have engaged an external 

consultant, RSM Risk Advisory Pte Ltd, to advise in our preparation of this 

sustainability report.  

 

The report incorporates the primary components of report content as set out by the 

SGX’s “Comply or Explain” requirements on sustainability reporting under Listing Rule 

711B and Practice Note 7F of the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of the Catalist of 

the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited. 

GRI does not require external assurance and our Board  has assessed that external 

assurance is not required as the Group is laying the foundations for a sustainability 

reporting framework this year. The Group has relied on internal assurance for this 

sustainability report. 

This report supplements the Group’s Annual Report 2020 and is available online at: 

https://www.imperium-crown.com/. Detailed section references with GRI Standards 

can be found on the GRI Standards Content Index page.  

 

Our material topics are identified based on their impact on our internal and external 

stakeholders, as outlined in the Stakeholders Engagement Section. 

Material Topics 

Applicable Segment 

ECONOMIC 

GRI 202: Market Presence 

Leisure and Hospitality 

GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts 

GRI 204: Procurement Practices 

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 

Group level 

ENVIRONMENTAL  

GRI 302: Energy  

Leisure and Hospitality 

GRI 303: Water 

GRI 304: Biodiversity 

GRI 305: Emissions 

GRI 306: Effluents and Waste  

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 

Leisure and Hospitality 

Property Development 


 

12 

IMPERIUM CROWN LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment 

Leisure and Hospitality 

SOCIAL  

GRI 401: Employment 

Group level  

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 

Leisure and Hospitality 

GRI 404: Training and Education 

Group level  

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

GRI 413: Local Communities 

Leisure and Hospitality 

GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment 

GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 

GRI 419: Socio-economic compliance 

Leisure and Hospitality 

Property Development 

 

 


 

13 

IMPERIUM CROWN LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

1. Leisure and hospitality 

The Group has identified cultural tourism as an area of growth in China. Under the 

auspices of the Shandong provincial government, tourism has been identified as a major 

sector for growth. “好客山东” (or “Hospitable Shandong”) is one of the highest 

accolade and branding that aptly describes Shandong province and it ranks highly among 

provinces in terms of tourist visitor-ship. Blessed with a richness of cultural heritage, the 

amalgamation of culture and tourism is a natural attraction to visitors within China and 

from overseas.  

The wonder stone garden integrates wonder stones exhibition, garden tour, leisure and 

entertainment with folk culture. In an effort to preserve and celebrate the culture of this 

area, we implemented free entry for visitors to explore the theme park. The Hotel 

commenced operations on 17 September 2019 and we are delighted with the positive 

response and feedback. Leveraging on its position at our WSP, the Hotel looks to provide 

a unique accommodation and sightseeing experience for our guests. 

Environmental Sustainability 

GRI 302-1, 302-3, 302-5, 303-2, 303-3, 304-2, 305-2, 305-4, 305-5, 306-1, 306-2, 307-1 

Given the nature and locality of the operations of the Hotel in WSP, we are aware that 

there will be certain environmental impact, such as energy and water wastage, waste 

generation and effluents discharge. As such, the Group is committed to preserving the 

surrounding biodiversity and minimising negative environmental impacts of our Hotel and 

tourism operations. We conduct in-house environmental impact assessments on an 

annual basis to identify the anticipated effects of our operations on the environment to 

mitigate the environmental risks of our operations through optimised management and 

operations. The impact assessment established that our operations will have no 

significant negative impact on the environment and local community.  

We have implemented sustainable practices and features at the Hotel, such as 

purchasing environmentally-friendly products and recycling hotel supplies wherever 

possible to reduce waste generation. Our Hotel uses solar energy to power its operations, 

thus reducing energy consumption and carbon emissions from non-renewable sources.  

In FY2020, the energy consumption and intensity are as follows: 

Hotel 

Energy 

Consumption 

(kWh) 

Intensity Ratio 

(kWh/m2) 

CO2 Emission (kg) 

Intensity Ratio 

(kg/m2) 

Inzone Garland Qishi 

Culture Hotel 

1,300,000 

108.3 

919,152 

76.6 

In addition, water is sourced from a licensed water supplier instead of being drawn from 

natural sources of water. This minimises environmental issues such as excessive 


 

14 

IMPERIUM CROWN LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

groundwater extraction and water contamination. In FY2020, 15,000 m3 of water was 

consumed in hotel operations. 

The Hotel has its own wastewater treatment facility to ensure that wastewater is 

processed in accordance to regulatory requirements before discharge. A licensed waste 

collector is engaged to manage the disposal of waste. Furthermore, internal guidelines 

have been implemented to curb wastage and an incentive program is established to 

motivate waste reduction. The Hotel restaurant also takes into account the number of 

hotel guests and expected number of diners in the preparation of food to minimise food 

wastage. In FY2020, 245 kg of non-food waste was generated during hotel operations. 

The Hotel construction and operations were in strict compliance with local 

environmental laws and regulations, and there was no reported incident of 

environmental non-compliance in FY2020. 

Social Responsibility  

GRI 203-2, 403-2, 413-1, 416-2, 419-1 

With the WSP being an upcoming tourist attraction, we envision to contribute to the 

booming tourism industry in the Shandong province and attract more tourists, thereby 

boosting the economy in the local community. We endeavour to preserve and promote 

the site safety, uniqueness and recognition of the WSP as well as the surrounding tourist 

spots. 

Additionally, we believe that the ease of people moving around is important. With the high 

speed rail station at Feixian which is situated within five kilometres from the WSP, 

commencing operations in December 2019, the accessibility of the WSP will be enhanced.  

In FY2020, the COVID-19 outbreak resulted in a global pandemic which impacted the 

leisure and hospitality industry. During these unsettling times, we stay committed to 

prioritising the safety of our guests and employees. We have implemented strict safety 

protocols and educated all hotel staff on the necessary measures to ensure that they 

are well-prepared in keeping the hotel and its guests safe. Our hotel operations were 

in strict compliance with local COVID-19 laws and regulations to ensure that we 

minimsie the risk of transmission among the hotel guests, employees and surrounding 

community. 

We implemented adequate safety measures against COVID-19 at the hotel, such as 

measuring the temperature of all staff twice a day, conducting safety briefing, 

temperature taking and alcohol disinfection for all staff before entering the hotel, as 

well as disinfecting the hotel twice a day.  

During the outbreak, we suspended operations at the hotel from late January to late 

March 2020 in accordance to local regulatory requirements. In FY2020, there were 

zero incidents of COVID-19 transmission among hotel guests and zero among hotel 

employees which resulted in zero number of man-days lost due to COVID-19 


 

15 

IMPERIUM CROWN LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

transmission. In addition, there was no reported incident of non-compliance with local 

COVID-19 laws and regulations regarding our hotel operations and services. 

Furthermore, we are committed to economic and social development by hiring from 

the local community to improve social conditions and community development. We 

also procure from local suppliers wherever possible to support local businesses and 

the economy. In FY2020, we 63% of our hotel staff were local hires and we will 

continue to engage with the local community in our business. 

Other than increasing jobs and business opportunities available for the local 

community, we conduct social impact assessments of our operations and include 

assessment factors such as local employment and equal opportunities to ensure that 

negative social impacts on the local community are minimised. The impact 

assessment established that our operations will have no significant negative impact 

on the environment and local community.We will strive to minimise resource wastage 

by making responsible, sustainable purchase decisions. 

There was no reported incident of social and economic non-compliance in FY2020.  

Supplier Management 

GRI 308-1, 308-2, 414-1, 414-2 

We selected our Hotel operator, Inzone Hotels &amp; Resorts Group based on their track 

record and environmental performance to ensure that our Hotel operations will be 

managed in a sustainable and eco-friendly manner. We also assess the environmental 

performance of our suppliers on an annual basis in an effort to establish a sustainable 

supply chain in our Hotel management. We evaluate them based on their energy and 

water conservation measures, as well as their waste management and recycling practices. 

We conduct supplier evaluation on an annual basis to ensure that our contractors and 

Hotel operator operate in strict compliance with local social and economic laws and 

regulations.  

In FY2020, there was no reported incident of environmental and socioeconomic non-

compliance along our supply chain. 

 

 


 

16 

IMPERIUM CROWN LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

2. Property Development 

GRI 307-1, 419-1 

The Group is committed to being a responsible corporation in the communities we 

operate in, and we endeavour to deliver safe, efficient, environmentally sustainable 

and high-quality property developments. We strive to minimise our impact on the 

environment through conducting environmental impact assessments and achieving 

strict compliance with local economic, environmental and social regulations. 

During FY2020, the Group had no incident of non-compliance with environmental and 

socio-economic laws and regulations. 

 

 

 


 

17 

IMPERIUM CROWN LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

3. Our People, Our Assets 

 

The Group endeavours to create an inclusive workplace environment, committed to 

mutual respect, fairness and equality for all our staff and workers. We provide 

opportunities for continuous learning and skills improvement for staff development.  

 

Workforce Diversity 

GRI 401-1, 405-1 

We advocate fair employment and endeavour to achieve a balanced and diversified 

workforce. As at the end of FY2020, our total group staff strength was 110. We hired 

17 new staff, equivalent to 15 % new hire rate. 

 

We are proud of the equal gender representation of our workforce, with our female-to-

male ratio being 1.1: 1.0. We will continue to maintain a diverse and inclusive 

workforce to ensure equality and productivity in the work place. 

Employee Retention  

GRI 202-1, 401-2, 401-3, 404-3, 405-2 

The Group recognises the valuable contribution of all employees. Our employees are 

remunerated at least standard entry level wages which are above local minimum wage 

laws. All employees are assessed regularly and remunerated fairly based on their 

experience, qualifications and performance, regardless of age or gender.  

We prioritise the welfare of our employees by granting a range of employee benefits 

such as medical insurance, healthcare and parental leave. In FY2020, 2 employees 

took parental leave and 50% of them returned to work after their parental leave ended. 

27.4%

22.7%

2.7%

14.5%

30.0%

2.7%

41.9%

52.7%

5.5%

0.0%

10.0%

20.0%

30.0%

40.0%

50.0%

60.0%

BELOW 30

BETWEEN 30 AND 50

ABOVE 50

Our Workforce

Male

Female


 

18 

IMPERIUM CROWN LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

SGX Five Primary Components Index  

S/N 

Primary Component   

Section Reference  

1 

Material Topics  

 

Economic, Environmental and Social Topics 

 

Stakeholder Engagement  

2 

Policies,  

Practices and Performance  

 

Executive Director’s Message 

 

Our Sustainability Story 

 

Leisure and Hospitality, Property Development 

3 

Board Statement  

Governance &amp; Statement of the Board 

4 

Targets  

Our Sustainability Story 

5 

Framework  

Reporting Practice 

GRI Standards Content Index   

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Annual Report 2020 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Annual Report 2020 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Annual Report 2020 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Annual Report 2020 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report 2020 

102-6 

Markets served 

Annual Report 2020 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Annual Report 2020 

102-8 

Information on employees and other 

workers 

Annual Report 2020 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Annual Report 2020 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and 

its supply chain 

Annual Report 2020 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Annual Report 2020 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Annual Report 2020 

102-13 

Membership of associations  

Annual Report 2020 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

Executive Chairman’s 

Message 

102-15 

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities 

Executive Chairman’s 

Message, Our 

Sustainability Story  

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour  

Ethics  

102-17 

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about 

ethics 

Ethics  

102-18 

Governance structure  

Governance and 

Statement of the Board 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups  

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders  

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries  

Reporting Practice  


 

19 

IMPERIUM CROWN LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

202-1 

Ratios of standard entry level wage by 

gender compared to local minimum wage 

Employee Retention  

203-2 

Significant indirect economic impacts 

Social Responsibility 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

Anti-corruption 

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures 

Anti-corruption  

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and 

actions taken 

Anti-corruption 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organization 

Environmental 

Sustainability 

302-3 

Energy intensity 

Environmental 

Sustainability 

302-5 

Reductions in energy requirements of 

products and services 

Environmental 

Sustainability 

303-2 

Water sources significantly affected by 

withdrawal of water 

Environmental 

Sustainability 

303-3 

Water recycled and reused 

Environmental 

Sustainability 

304-2 

Significant impacts of activities, products, 

and services on biodiversity 

Environmental 

Sustainability 

305-2 

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 

Environmental 

Sustainability 

305-4 

GHG emissions intensity 

Environmental 

Sustainability 

305-5 

Reduction of GHG emissions 

Environmental 

Sustainability 

306-1 

Water discharge by quality and destination 

Environmental 

Sustainability 

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal method 

Environmental 

Sustainability 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations 

Environmental 

Sustainability, 

Property Development 

308-1 

New suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria 

Supplier Management 

308-2 

Negative environmental impacts in the 

supply chain and actions taken 

Supplier Management 

401-1  

New employee hires and employee 

turnover 

Workplace Diversity 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full time employees 

that are not provided to temporary or part-

time employees 

Employee Retention 

401-3 

Parental leave 

Employee Retention 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities 

Social Responsibility 

404-3 

Percentage of employees receiving regular 

performance and career development 

reviews 

Employee Retention 


 

20 

IMPERIUM CROWN LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

405-1  

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees 

Workforce Diversity  

405-2 

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of 

women to men 

Employee Retention 

413-1 

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, and 

development programs 

Social Responsibility 

414-1 

New suppliers that were screened using 

social criteria 

Supplier Management 

414-2 

Negative social impacts in the supply chain 

and actions taken 

Supplier Management 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the 

health and safety impacts of products and 

services 

Social Responsibility 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations 

in the social and economic area 

Social Responsibility, 

Property Development 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This document has been reviewed by the Company's sponsor, Stamford Corporate Services Pte. Ltd. 

(“the Sponsor”). It has not been examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (the “SGX-ST”) and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this document, 

including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this 

document. 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr Bernard Lui 

Tel: 6389 3000 

Email: bernard.lui@morganlewis.com 

