


 





 

 

 

FY2020 

Sustainability Report 

Incredible Holdings Ltd 


FY2020 Sustainability Report – Incredible Holdings Ltd 

1 

Board Statement 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Incredible Holdings Ltd (the “Company”) and 

its subsidiaries (the “Group”) is pleased to present our annual sustainability report for 

the year ended 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”). 

 

This report is prepared in compliance with the requirements of Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Rules 711A and 711B, and references 

to the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards, Core option. The GRI Standards 

is chosen because it is an internationally recognized reporting framework that covers 

a comprehensive range of sustainability disclosures, also help the Company to 

increase the accountability and enhance transparency on the contribution to 

sustainable development. Sustainability is a part of the Group's strategy to create long-

term value for all its stakeholders and the Board is committed to practicing principles 

laid out on the Corporate Sustainability Policy and ensure that sustainable business 

practices are incorporated into every link of our value chain to satisfy our responsibility 

to society. The Board will review and update on their sustainable business practices 

concerning the economic, environmental, social, and governance (“EESG”) topics by 

taking into consideration any changes in the business environment, stakeholders' 

feedback and oversee the management and monitoring of the material ESG factors. 

 

For the financial year 2020, the Group continues with its business diversification and 

group restructuring exercise. The Group has dissolved dormant subsidiaries in Hong 

Kong and incorporated a new subsidiary, Incredible Finance Limited for its business of 

providing personal and business loans in Hong Kong — please see announcements 

dated 8 May 2020 and 3 Jun 2020. The Group finalized to dispose of its associated 

company, PT Louis Gianni, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries in Singapore, Switech 

System &amp; Marketing Pte. Ltd., and in Hong Kong, Luxury Watches Trading Limited. 

Please see the announcements dated 29 May 2020, 14 Sep 2020, and 30 Oct 2020.  

 

As the global COVID-19 pandemic situation prolongs, the operating environment 

remains challenging and the Group expects continued disruption in the Group’s 

business operations. The Group has placed stringent measures to prevent COVID-19 

from affecting the business operations of the Group, such as implementing the 

operating procedures to prevent staff from being infected by the COVID-19 virus and 

completed the funds raising exercise initiated in the year 2019 by adding liquidity to 

the Group — please refer to the announcement dated 15 April 2019. The funds-raising 

exercise was completed on 5 Feb 2021 — please refer to the announcement dated 3 

Feb 2021. 

 

The Group is cautious in the conduct of our businesses and continues to actively 

engage our stakeholders to formulate strategies to build a sustainable business model 

and we welcome feedback from the stakeholders about our sustainability efforts as 

this enables us to consistently improve our policies, systems, and results. Please send 

your comments and suggestions to investors@incredible.sg.  Thank you. 

 

Leung Kwok Kuen, Jacob 

Independent Non-Executive Chairman, 

Independent Director 

Incredible Holdings Ltd 


FY2020 Sustainability Report – Incredible Holdings Ltd 

2 

 

This Sustainability Report 

This sustainability report presents the annual sustainability performance of the Group 

for the period 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020. The information in this report is 

organized and presented in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option, 

established by the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) and published in 2016. 

This report sets out our management approach to sustainable topics of economic, 

environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) areas that are considered important 

and material to the Group. With this sustainability report, we hope various stakeholders 

such as shareholders, suppliers, customers and employees amongst others, would 

better appreciate our philosophy, strategies and commitment towards the area of 

sustainability.  

The EESG topics selected in the FY2019 report have been re-evaluated for its 

materiality to the Group in FY2020. The Board is of the view that these topics continue 

to be valid and present a material impact to and for the Group in FY2020. 

This report provides an update of the performance and targets on sustainability as set 

out in the previous FY2019 report dated 26 May 2020. This report is also prepared in 

accordance with SGX-ST Listing Rules 711A and 711B and the relevant SGX Practice 

Notes on Sustainability Reporting Guide. Our data is reported in good faith and to the 

best of our knowledge.   

There is no external assurance for this report.  

Our Company  

Incredible Holdings Ltd is a public-listed company headquartered in Singapore and 

together with its subsidiaries, operates businesses in Singapore and Hong Kong. The 

Company is listed on the Catalist Board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (“SGX-ST”). The Group achieved S$3.3 million revenue for FY2020 and is in 

a net equity position of S$0.8 million as at 31 December 2020.    

The Group’s core business is the distribution of equipment and consumable materials, 

such as Dry Film Photoresist (“Dry Film”) for the electronics industry. The Group also 

distributes consumable materials and spare parts to the manufacturer of etched lead 

frames, die attach, wire bonding machinery, and automated encapsulation system for 

the semiconductor assembly industry. Almost all of our products are purchased and 

imported from overseas for distribution in the Singapore and Hong Kong market. Our 

customers are mainly multinational companies. 

The Group embarked on the business of trading and retailing luxury watches in Hong 

Kong from March 2018. Whilst Hong Kong would be the main market for the trading of 

luxury watches, the Group does not rule out the possibility of operating the new 

business in other geographical areas as it deems fit. Our customers are mainly walk-

in customers, independent dealers, and traders of luxury watches. 

 

 


FY2020 Sustainability Report – Incredible Holdings Ltd 

3 

Our People  

The Group has 9 employees (full-time) under its employment in the Singapore and 

Hong Kong offices who fall under the following categories: 

 

 

 

Our Group Structure  

 

 

 

 





6, 

66%

3, 

34%

Employees by 

Gender



Male



Female





5, 

56%

4, 

44%

Employees by Age 

Group



31 to 50



Above 50








FY2020 Sustainability Report – Incredible Holdings Ltd 

4 

Our Value &amp; Code of Conduct 

We abide and operate by an internal Code of Conduct stipulating our business 

principles and practices for our day-to-day operations. This Code of Conduct provides 

a framework for employees to understand, observe and to operate based on the 

principles of accountability, honesty and integrity in all aspects of the Group’s business 

and its dealings with all stakeholders. 

 

Our Code of Conduct is as follows: 

 

Our Code of Conduct provides guidance and emphasizes our commitment to: 

 

 

 

 

In line with the Group’s stance to pursue our business objectives with integrity and in 

compliance with applicable laws and regulations in all countries in which we operate, 

we also have in place the following policies and guidelines: 





Code of Conduct





Openness





Respect





Integrity





Professionalism



Diversity and equality for all employees and 

stakeholders



Fair and transparent employment practices



Environmental goals



High standards in workplace health and safety 

standards and procedures



Whistle blowing avenues in the event of any 

breach


FY2020 Sustainability Report – Incredible Holdings Ltd 

5 

 

Throughout our day-to-day operations, we continue to remain aware of the needs of 

our employees, stakeholders, communities and the environment. 

 

Our day-to-day business practice is also based on key principles such as 

professionalism, high ethical standards, accountability to our stakeholders, respecting 

the law, being people-driven and striving for excellence. 

 

 

COVID-19 Preventive Measures 

 

The Group has various COVID-19 preventive measures in place to ensure the safety 

and wellbeing of employees, customers, and other stakeholders. The measures 

include various assistance measures to control and prevent the spread of COVID-19 

in cooperation with customers and stakeholders. 

Protective Measures and Care for Employees 

 

During the COVID-19 outbreak, our appointed Safe Management Officer (SMO) has 

taken cues directly from the Ministry of Health (MOH) and Ministry of Manpower’s 

(MOM) advisories and implemented various strict precautionary measures to reduce 

the spread of the virus at the workplace as well as address the safety of our staff. 

 

The Group has taken the necessary procedures in line with the MOM policies and 

procedures to enable employees to work from home. By default, all office-based staff 

is required to work from home unless they needed access to specialized computer 

systems or equipment at company premises which could not be accessed from home.  

 

As the Group is part of the essential global supply chains and has applied for essential 

service permits, our office and warehouse remained open throughout the entire 

epidemic. To prevent the spread of COVID-19, we complied with the measures 

introduced by the Singapore Government, which include having a maximum of 2 

employees working in the warehouse as well as 2 front-line office staff working in the 

office. 



Health &amp; Safety 



Environmental



Fire Safety



Communications



Risk Management



Whistleblowing


FY2020 Sustainability Report – Incredible Holdings Ltd 

6 

 

In our effort to battle the COVID-19 pandemic, we have established Safe Management 

Measures (SMMs) recommended by MOM, which were communicated and strictly 

enforced among all employees to ensure that operations resume in a safe manner. 

The SMO has been appointed to conduct SMM inspections and checks to ensure 

compliance at all times.  

 

The safety protocols include the followings:  

 

• All staff wear a face mask at all times. 

• Temperature-taking twice a day. 

• A distance of at least one meter between tables and between seats. 

• Division of working groups, 

• Enhanced cleaning measures, such as sanitizing high touch surfaces frequently, etc. 

 

With the Singapore Government’s implementation of SafeEntry in April 2020, the 

Group has put in place a SafeEntry QR code at the entry of our office and warehouse. 

 

Collaboration with Customer and Supplier 

 

During the FY2020 COVID-19 outbreak, the Group has conducted intense 

communication with the customer and supplier via teleconferencing to ensure there is 

no disruption in the supply chain. The major supplier in Korea has established 

alternative sources of supplying Dry Film to the Group in the event that their production 

is being shut down due to COVID-19 lockdown. The major customer has 

communicated to us of safety procedures for delivery of Dry Film to their premises. 

This included specifying the timing for the delivery and temperature-taking at the 

guardhouse and also to keep a safe distance with their staff. 

 

Corporate Governance  

 

The Board has committed to the best practices of the corporate governance to ensure 

the sustainability of the Group's operations. Throughout the COVID-19 outbreak period 

for FY2020, the Board and management continued to adhere to the principles and 

guidelines set out in the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 and will continue to do 

so in the coming years. Please refer to the Annual Report for the details of the Group’s 

Corporate Governance Report. 

 

Impact of COVID-19 on the Group’s Operations 

The Group’s new initiative in providing personal and business loans in Hong Kong and 

trading of branded watches have been adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. 

In comparison, the Group’s distribution of the consumables to the electronics 

manufacturer's business has been less adversely affected in FY2020.  However, this 

business segment will be challenging in the coming year if the pandemic continues to 

be prolonged.  

 

 

 


FY2020 Sustainability Report – Incredible Holdings Ltd 

7 

Impact of COVID-19 on the Group’s Financial Position 

The Group was aware that the prolonged COVID-19 pandemic will adversely affect the 

operation and financial position of the Group, hence the management decided to 

continue with the fundraising exercise which was initiated in the year 2019 to 

strengthen the financial position and liquidity of the Group and was prepared to 

undertake any new business opportunity emerging from the crisis. The fundraising 

exercise has been completed on 5 Feb 2021 with the issuance of 2,693,670,727 new 

ordinary shares and 2,693,670,727 warrants at an issue price of S$0.0056 per share 

cum a free detachable warrant raising about S$5.7 million which for the avoidance of 

doubt, excluded the undertaken Rights Shares subscription amount of approximately 

S$9.4 million that was set off against an equivalent amount of the principal amount 

outstanding and due and owing by the Company to Mission Well under the Mission 

Well Loan Agreement and Go Best under the Go Best Loan Agreement. 

Corporate Governance 

 

The Board of Directors (“the Board”) is committed to uphold high standards of 

corporate governance practices throughout the Group that is in line with the Code of 

Corporate Governance 2018. The Board will ensure that there is compliance with the 

other relevant regulations, notices, circulars, and guidelines that may be issued by the 

Monetary Authority of Singapore and the SGX-ST. Explanations will be provided 

should there be any deviations. 

 

The primary role of the Board is to protect and enhance long-term shareholders’ value. 

It provides entrepreneurial leadership, sets the overall strategy for the Group and 

ensures that the necessary governance approach, policy and procedures are in place 

to meet its objectives. The Board has an established framework of prudent and 

effective controls, which enable risks to be assessed and managed, including the 

safeguarding of shareholders' interests and the Group’s assets, supervises the 

Management, reviews management performance, and monitors the performance of 

business goals to enhance shareholders’ value.  

 

The Board is also responsible for the overall corporate governance of the Group, acting 

in its fiduciary capacity. Where appropriate, the Directors receive relevant briefings 

from time to time on new updates in relation to regulatory changes to accounting 

standards, the listing manual, corporate governance, and other regulations or statutory 

requirements. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


FY2020 Sustainability Report – Incredible Holdings Ltd 

8 

 

Sustainability Governance Structure 

The Sustainability Governance Structure of the Group is as follows: 

 

 

The Working Committee assists the Steering Committee in providing relevant 

information or data and implements the action plans of the sustainability strategy. The 

Steering Committee develops and oversees the sustainability strategy, framework and 

policy.  In addition, the Steering Committee reviews and reports the progress for our 

sustainability plans, efforts and performance to the Board. The sustainability strategy, 

framework and policy are approved by the Board before their implementation.   

 

Feedback 

We would like to provide a channel for our stakeholders to give us some comments on 

the sustainability issues to enable continual improvements. Please send your feedback 

and suggestions to investors@incredible.sg or the address below: 

 

 

Incredible Holdings Ltd 

Harvest @ Woodlands, 

280 Woodlands Industrial Park E5, 

#10-50, Singapore 757322 

 

 

 

 

Board of 

Directors

Steering 

Committee

Working 

Committee 


FY2020 Sustainability Report – Incredible Holdings Ltd 

9 

 

Reporting Scope and Boundaries 

 

Our report is defined by the four Content Reporting Principles established by GRI as 

follows:  

 

 Principles Objectives 

 

 

 

Stakeholder Engagement &amp; Material Topics 

We engage our stakeholders regularly, and even on a day-to-day basis for certain 

stakeholders.  The inputs and feedback from stakeholders, including in areas of our 

sustainability approach, have enabled us to identify, validate and continuously 

calibrate our approach towards our sustainability topics and practices. Our 

engagement approach with the various key stakeholders is listed below: 

Stakeholders 

Engagement Approach 

Key Interests 

Employees and 

Managers 

• 

Regular dialogue 

• 

Training programs 

• 

Work-related 

meetings and 

discussions 

• 

Surveys 

• 

Working 

environment 

• 

Staff benefit 

• 

Development of 

technical skills 

Customers and 

Suppliers 

• 

Phone calls 

• 

Email contacts 

• 

Formal and informal 

meetings 

• 

Surveys 

• 

Ensure the quality of 

products and 

services 

• 

Goods and services 

delivered on time 

Shareholders 

• 

Half-yearly and full-

year results 

announcements 

• 

SGX 

Announcements 

• 

Annual General 

Meetings 

• 

Corporate 

governance 

• 

Risk management 

• 

Group operations 

 

Stakeholder 

Inclusiveness



Defining stakeholders and explain how the Group has 

responded to their expectations and interests.

Sustainability 

Context



Presenting the Group's performance in the wider context 

of sustainability.

Materiality



Identifying the Group's significant EESG factors.

Completeness



Disclosing significant EESG factors and boundaries to 

assess the Group's performance in the reporting period.


FY2020 Sustainability Report – Incredible Holdings Ltd 

10 

The Group has engaged an external sustainability consultant to guide us on the 

sustainability reporting requirements. In cooperation with the consultant, the Group 

adopts a four-step process to define the material topics: 

 

Based on the Group’s internal assessment where there were no significant changes to 

the operating business and model of the Group in FY2020, the Board is of the opinion 

that the materiality assessment from FY2019continues to be valid and relevant for the 

Group in FY2020. 

Feedback from key stakeholders forms a crucial part of our strategic and business 

planning and is viewed as valuable insights for the Group to continuously improve its 

sustainability performance. The material topics were evaluated in FY2020 for its 

potential impact on the environment and society, its influence on the stakeholders, and 

their impact on the Group's operations, and all topics were deemed to be valid and 

material to the Group in FY2020. As such, the Steering Committee recommended to 

the Board the same topics to be the material topics to be reported in FY2020. 

The Sustainability Committee conducts an annual review of the Group's material topics 

as well as monitors the performance of the topics as part of the Group's sustainability 

strategy. 

The following EESG topics have been identified and the approaches to managing 

these topics are stated in this report: 



•Identify a non-exhausive list of material topics which 

are significant to our business.

Identification



•Steering and Working Committee rated the topics 

based on the impact on business operations and 

inputs received from various key stakeholders, who 

they interact with from the day-to-day operations.

Prioritisation



•Validation of the material topics is conducted by the 

Board to finalise the report content.

Validation



•Re-examine the material topics taking into 

consideration of the changing business landscape 

and emerging trends.

Review


FY2020 Sustainability Report – Incredible Holdings Ltd 

11 

 

Whistle Blowing and Anti-Corruption (GRI 205-3) 

The Group strives to conduct business with the highest standards of integrity, 

transparency, and accountability, and does not tolerate bribery or corruption, and acts 

with fairness and integrity in its businesses.  Therefore, the topic of Anti-Corruption is 

deemed to be material to the Group. The Group is of the view that its whistle-blowing 

policy is an important tool for the Group to achieve this objective.   

The Group has set up its whistle-blowing policy and disseminated it to all employees 

through email and verbal communication.  By adopting the whistle-blowing policy and 

for purpose of good governance, it is the policy of the Group that employees may, in 

confidence, raise concerns about possible corporate improprieties in matters of 

financial reporting or other matters without fear of retaliation. 

The main scope of the Group’s whistle-blowing policy covers the following: 

1. Fraudulent financial reporting; 

2. Misstatements arising from misappropriation of assets; 

3. Improper or unauthorized expenditures (including bribery and other improper 

payment schemes); 

4. Violations of laws and regulations (including those that expose the Group or its 

agents to regulatory or criminal actions, such as securities fraud); and 

5. Substantial and specific danger to public health or safety. 

 

The contact person of the whistle-blowing policy is Mr. Stanley Leung Yu Tung, the 

Audit Committee Chairman of the Group. He will protect the identity of the complainant 

and investigate the matters with the Audit Committee. A record of the complaint will be 

kept confidentially for investigation. The Board will evaluate the effectiveness of the 

policy annually, based on management feedback amongst other avenues. 

For FY2020, the Group has met the target set in FY2019 and there were no incidents 

of corruption and the Group has a target of zero incidents perpetually. 





Anti-Corruption

(Economic: 

GRI 205-3)





Product Information and 

Labeling

(Social: GRI 417-1)





Waste 

Management

(Environmental: 

GRI 306-2)







EESG 

Topics 


FY2020 Sustainability Report – Incredible Holdings Ltd 

12 

 

 

Waste Management (GRI 306-2) 

The Group is operating the business of trading and selling Dry Film Photoresist (“Dry 

Film”). Dry Film is considered a mild environmentally hazardous material and is 

subjected to compliance with the environmental protection regulation for the disposal 

of such materials.  In order to protect the environment, we are committed to dispose 

damaged Dry Film properly. Therefore, we have selected this topic to be material for 

the Group. 

The Group has established a policy of handling damaged Dry Film. Dry Film is 

imported from an overseas supplier and resold to local etched lead frame 

manufacturers. Dry Film could be damaged during transportation from overseas to our 

cool room or due to defects in the manufacturing process. The damaged Dry Film 

needs to be properly disposed of as it contains environmentally hazardous substances 

such as photopolymers resins.   

We are committed to comply with the Environmental Protection and Management Act, 

under Part VII: Hazardous Substances Control.  All damaged or rejected Dry Film are 

properly kept in the original boxes, sealed with scotch tape, and disposed of according 

to the guidelines. Before disposal, the damaged Dry Films are kept securely and 

separately in the Group’s premises to prevent theft. 

A list of rejected Dry Film is sent to the supplier for advice and approval for disposal.  

We have engaged a local licensed waste management agency to dispose of the 

damaged Dry Film at incineration plants. The following table shows the total weight of 

the Dry Film bought by the Company, damaged Dry Film, and the damaged Dry Film 

disposed for incineration from FY2017 to FY2020:  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

FY2018

[Nil]

FY2019

[Nil]

Target FY2021

[Nil]

FY2020

[Nil]

Confirmed Number 

of Corruption 

Incidents


FY2020 Sustainability Report – Incredible Holdings Ltd 

13 

Total Weight of Dry Film Purchased (Tonnage) 

FY2017 

FY2018 

FY2019 

FY2020 

81 

81 

58 

46 

 

  

We have continuously disposed 100% of the damaged Dry Film in the past 3 years in 

order to protect our environment. For FY2020, the Group has met the target set in 

FY2019 to dispose 100% of damaged Dry Film through the local licensed waste 

management agency by sending them to the incineration plants and will strive to 

achieve this target for FY2021. 

 

 

 

 

 



0

0.5

1

1.5

2

2.5

3

FY2017

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

Tonnage 

Damaged Dry Film Disposed

Total Wt. of Damaged Dry Film (Tonnage)

Total Wt. of Damaged Dry Film Disposed for Incineration (Tonnage)

2.29

2.29

2.29

2.29

2.90

2.90

1.29



FY2018

[100%]



FY2019

[100%]



Target FY2021

[100%]



FY2020

[100%]



Percentage Disposal 

of Damaged Dry Film



1.29 


FY2020 Sustainability Report – Incredible Holdings Ltd 

14 

 

Product Information and Labeling (GRI 417-1) 

Transparency is the key factor to build trust and credibility along with our customers. It 

is our role and responsibility to share with our customers adequate information about 

the positive and negative environmental and social impacts of our products. Therefore, 

we deem this topic to be material for the Group. 

All the Dry Film sold to customers have detailed labeling and information tag. Our Store 

Executive places all the Dry Film inboxes and seals them with scotch tape.  The 

product label is tagged on every box that is going to be delivered to our customers.   

We share the detailed information with our customers through the product label tagged 

on the Dry Film boxes and issuing the Material Safety Data Sheet (“MSDS”) which 

states the information above, such as the potential health effect of using such product, 

the safe use and proper approach in disposing of the Dry Film. The MSDS is prepared 

by our supplier and we will ensure that the MSDS is made available for every purchase 

made by our customers. 

The following key information described in the product label is as follows: 

 

For FY2020, the Group has met the target set in FY2019 to ensure that 100% of the 

Dry Film are tagged with labeling and MSDS are sent to customers at all times and will 

continue to strive to achieve this target for FY2021.  

 



Labeling



Source 

of Dry 

Film



Quantity



Expiry 

Date



Length



Width


FY2020 Sustainability Report – Incredible Holdings Ltd 

15 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



FY2018

[100%]



FY2019

[100%]



Target FY2021

[100%]



FY2020

[100%]



Labelled Dry Film 

with MSDS


FY2020 Sustainability Report – Incredible Holdings Ltd 

16 

GRI Content Index 

 

Disclosure 

Reference 

Disclosure Title 

Header 

Page 

Reference 

Organizational Profile 

102-1 

Name of the organization 

About the Company 

Page 2 

102-2 

Primary brands, product 

and services 

About the Company 

Page 2 

102-3 

Location of Headquarters 

About the Company 

Page 2 

102-4 

Location of operations 

About the Company 

Page 2 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

About the Company 

Page 2 

102-6 

Market served 

About the Company 

Page 2 

102-7 

Scale of the organization 

About the Company 

Page 2 

102-8 

Workforce figures 

Our People 

Page 3 

102-9 

Organisation’s supply 

chain 

About the Company 

Page 2 

102-10 

Significant changes during 

the reporting period 

About the Company 

Page 2 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or 

approach 

Corporate Governance 

Page 7 

102-12 

External Initiatives 

None 

- 

102-13 

Memberships of 

associations 

None 

- 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior 

decision- maker 

Board Statement 

Page 1 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, 

standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Organization’s Value &amp; 

Code of Conduct 

Page 4 - 5 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Sustainability Governance 

Structure 

Page 8 

Stakeholders Engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholder Engagement 

&amp; Material Topics 

Page 9 - 10 

102-41 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

Not Applicable 

- 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

Stakeholder Engagement 

&amp; Material Topics 

Page 9 - 10 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

Stakeholder Engagement 

&amp; Material Topics 

Page 9 - 10 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns 

raised through stakeholder 

engagement 

Stakeholder Engagement 

&amp; Material Topics 

Page 9 - 10 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the 

organisation’s 

consolidated financial 

statements 

Group Structure 

Page 3 

102-46 

Defining report content 

and topic boundaries 

Reporting Scope and 

Boundaries 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

&amp; Material Topics 

Page 9 

 

 

Page 9 - 10 


FY2020 Sustainability Report – Incredible Holdings Ltd 

17 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Stakeholder Engagement 

&amp; Material Topics 

Page 9 - 10 

102-48 

Effect of any restatements 

of information provided in 

previous reports 

None 

 

- 

102-49 

Significant changes from 

previous reports in the 

material topics and 

boundaries 

Stakeholder Engagement 

&amp; Material Topics 

Page 9 - 10 

102-50 

Reporting Period 

About the Sustainability 

Report 

Page 2 

102-51 

Date of previous report 

About the Sustainability 

Report 

Page 2 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

About the Sustainability 

Report 

Page 2 

102-53 

Contact point 

Feedback 

Page 8 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with GRI 

Standards 

About the Sustainability 

Report 

Page 2 

102-55 

GRI Content Index 

GRI Content Index 

Page 16 - 17 

102-56 

Assurance 

None 

- 

Management Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material 

topic and its Boundary 

Whistle Blowing and Anti-

Corruption 

 

Waste Management 

 

Product Information &amp; 

Labeling 

Page 11 - 15 

103-2 

The management 

approach and its 

components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the 

management approach 

Specific GRI Standards Disclosures 

GRI 205 Anti-corruption 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of 

corruption and actions 

taken 

Whistle Blowing and Anti-

Corruption 

Page 11 

GRI 306 Effluents and Waste 

306-2 

Waste by type and 

disposal method 

Waste Management 

Page 12 - 13 

GRI 417 Marketing and Labeling 

417-1 

Requirements for product 

and service information 

and labeling 

Product Information and 

Labeling 

Page 14 - 15 

 

 

