



















Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 

Interra Resources Limited 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Table of Contents 

1.  Highlights ......................................................................................................................................... 1 

1.1 

Corporate Profile ...................................................................................................................... 1 

1.2 

Scope of Sustainability Report ................................................................................................. 1 

1.3 

Restatements ........................................................................................................................... 1 

1.4 

Sustainability contact ............................................................................................................... 1 

1.5 

Message to Stakeholders ........................................................................................................ 2 

2.  Our Approach to Sustainability ...................................................................................................... 3 

2.1 

Sustainability Organisational Structure .................................................................................... 3 

2.2 

Sustainability Strategy ............................................................................................................. 4 

2.3 

Consulting Our Stakeholders ................................................................................................... 5 

2.4 

Sustainability Materiality .......................................................................................................... 6 

3.  Our Performance.............................................................................................................................. 7 

3.1 

How We Measure Our Performance ........................................................................................ 7 

3.2 

Sustainable Development ........................................................................................................ 8 

3.3 

Environmental Stewardship ................................................................................................... 10 

3.4 

Health and Safety ................................................................................................................... 12 

3.5 

Community ............................................................................................................................. 15 

Appendix A: Sustainability Scorecard ............................................................................................... 16 

Appendix B: GRI Content Index .......................................................................................................... 17 

 

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 

Interra Resources Limited | 1 

 

 

 

 

 

1. 

Highlights 

1.1 

Corporate Profile 

Interra Resources Limited (‘Interra’ or the ‘Company’), together with its subsidiaries (the ‘Group’), are 

engaged in the business of petroleum exploration and production (E&amp;P). Our E&amp;P activities include petroleum 

production, field development and exploration. We are positioning ourselves to become a leading regional 

independent producer of petroleum. 

Since our inception, we have grown organically by developing our existing assets as well as through 

disciplined acquisitions by seeking attractive resource opportunities across Southeast Asia. Our portfolio of 

production, development and exploration assets comprises three petroleum contract areas in Indonesia and 

Myanmar. 

Interra is listed on the Main Board of the Singapore Exchange. 

1.2 

Scope of Sustainability Report 

The scope of the report dated 25 March 2022 covers information on material sustainability aspects of Interra, 

namely the Group’s significant joint venture entity in Myanmar, Goldpetrol Joint Operating Company Inc. 

(Goldpetrol), from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021 unless otherwise specified. This should sufficiently 

address stakeholders’ concerns in relation to sustainability issues arising from the major business operations 

of the Group. 

Interra owns 60% of Goldpetrol, which operates the Chauk and Yenangyaung oil fields in central Myanmar, 

under two Improved Petroleum Recovery Contracts (IPRCs) with the Myanma Oil and Gas Enterprise 

(MOGE). Interra manages the operatorship of both oil fields jointly with a joint-venture partner, China ZhenHua 

Oil Co., Ltd (ZhenHua Oil). The oil fields cover a total area of approximately 1,800 km2 and are located along 

the Ayeyarwaddy River, about 580 km north of Yangon. 

During financial year under review, the combined gross production for both oil fields was 587,060 barrels of 

oil (BO), comprising 100% of the total crude oil production by the Group. 

This report is prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards: Core Option as it 

provides a set of an extensive framework that is widely accepted as a global standard for sustainability 

reporting. It also considers the Sustainability Reporting Guide in Practice Note 7.6 of the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (SGX-ST) Listing Manual. In preparing our report, we applied the GRI’s principles 

for defining report content and report quality by considering the Group’s activities, impacts and substantive 

expectations and interests of its stakeholders. 

The data and information provided within the report have not been verified by an independent third party. We 

have relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy. 

1.3 

Restatements 

No restatements were made from the previous report. 

1.4 

Sustainability contact 

We welcome feedback on our sustainability practices and reporting at sr@interraresources.com. 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 

Interra Resources Limited | 2 

 

 

 

 

 

1.5 

Message to Stakeholders 

On behalf of the Board of Directors of Interra Resources Limited, I am pleased to present 

the Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (FY2021) 

Developing resources responsibly requires a collective effort. We must continue to operate in a safe and 

environmentally responsible manner and collaborate with communities in a mutually beneficial way. With more 

than 20 years of experience in developing Myanmar’s crude oil resources and cooperating with the MOGE, 

Interra’s long-term commitment to safe operations, minimised impact on the land, air and water, as well as 

investment in our communities remains strong. 

In the FY2021 sustainability report, we continue to report on the Group’s sustainability efforts on Sustainable 

Development, Environmental Stewardship, Health and Safety, and Community. The sustainability report 

highlights our business principles and approach, and how we are meeting the demand for energy in an 

economically, environmentally and socially responsible way. While we strive to make continual progress, there 

are always opportunities for improvement. We will also continue to track the key commitments for each area 

of our sustainability strategy in order to ensure that we have a robust sustainability programme in place. Interra 

will continue to stay responsible, mindful and ethical, while focusing on delivering results thereby positioning the 

Company for profitable and sustainable growth.  

During FY2021, our Myanmar field operations were suspended for a period of two months from February to April 

2021 due to civil disobedience movement brought about by the ongoing political developments in Myanmar. We 

were not able to have continuous and uninterrupted access to our field operations at the Chauk and 

Yenangyaung fields and as a result, there was no production during that time.  

Since then, field operations have resumed and production is being gradually restored. This is a tedious and slow 

process due to the complex nature and mechanics of re-establishing production from reservoirs that have been 

shut-in for a period of time. Besides, equipment had to be repaired or refitted and facilities had to be restored. 

The waterflood projects also had to be restarted individually. At the end of FY2021, workovers and additional 

perforations in existing wells had resumed to a level similar to that of pre-suspension and waterflood projects 

had resumed to the extent that the positive effects were beginning to be realised. In the year ahead, we will strive 

to fully restore well production and bring production level to pre-suspension volumes. 

Barring unforeseen circumstances, we are still committed to improve crude oil production progressively over 

the new contract period ending in 2028. We hope to achieve this in the following year through our drilling 

efforts combined with effective field operations and production management. Prior to the suspension, the on-

going production enhancement by workovers, re-activations and new perforations in existing wells, all aimed 

at arresting the natural production decline, have been very successful at increasing wellhead production and 

yielding appreciable gains. 

The Board will remain vigilant and assess the risk profile and evaluate the financial impact on the Company. 

It will also review the earnings prospects and business strategy of the Company, seeking to mitigate the 

financial and operational exposure. Going forward, we will continue to exercise strict financial discipline 

through meticulous monitoring and review of the overall operating cost and budget. Our focus will be on 

curtailing all non-essential expenses and conserving cash. 

Lastly, we wish to confirm that the Board has considered sustainability issues as part of its strategic 

formulation. The Board has determined the material environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors and 

overseen the management in monitoring these material ESG factors. 

On behalf of the Board of Directors 

 

EDWIN SOERYADJAYA 

Chairman 

25 March 2022 

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 

Interra Resources Limited | 3 

 

 

 

 

 

2. 

Our Approach to Sustainability 

2.1 

Sustainability Organisational Structure 

Sustainability is a vital part of our corporate strategy for achieving long-term growth. The values we create for 

our people, the environment and society at large very much influence our financial performance. In order to 

better accommodate our sustainability goals and values, we have developed a sustainability organisational 

structure to move things forward. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Board of Directors 

and Management

Country Manager

Employees



The Board of Directors establishes the sustainability while the 

Management sees through the implementation of the framework. 



The Country Manager, together with the Corporate Social 

Responsibility (CSR) Coordinator, is charged with organising and 

coordinating the CSR work of all departments within the subsidiary. 



Relevant head of various departments are responsible for the 

implementation of CSR works. 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 

Interra Resources Limited | 4 

 

 

 

 

 

2.2 

Sustainability Strategy 

At the Group, our sustainability strategy aims to create integrated values. Not only do we create economic 

value by maximising profits and shareholder value, but we also take on a broader responsibility as a global 

corporate citizen to create societal values. We commit to deliver value to all our stakeholders. 

As we look back on our progress over the last year, our efforts to deliver value to all our stakeholders can be 

summarised as follows: 

 

 

 

The sustainable strategy is underpinned by: 

(i) Policies and guidelines 

Including our Employee Handbook which establishes a clear tone at the top with regards to employees’ 

business and ethical conduct (including declaration of conflicts of interest); and 

(ii) Management systems 

Including our Environment Management Plan (EMP) which helps us align to best practices for managing 

environmental risks associated with crude oil extraction. The EMP has been in place at our Myanmar 

operations since FY2014. 

Our sustainability strategy is guided by a variety of external sources, including the GRI Standards and 

Sustainability Reporting Guide set out in Practice Note 7.6 of the SGX-ST) Listing Manual. 

The rest of this report covers our progress and performance against each of these areas, and the impact we 

have on the economy, environment and society as a result. 




Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 

Interra Resources Limited | 5 

 

 

 

 

 

2.3 

Consulting Our Stakeholders 

We engage both internal and external stakeholders on a regular basis with the goal of strengthening our 

sustainability approach and performance. We listen to their expectations – and views on how well we are 

meeting them – as well as collaborating with them for deeper insights and mutual benefits.  

Through our stakeholder engagement processes, we gather both qualitative and quantitative input, which are 

essential in forming both our strategic direction and our day-to-day performance, and maximising the value of 

our contributions across all groups.  

In mapping our stakeholders, we have identified those to whom we have legal, commercial or moral 

responsibility – such as our regulators, suppliers and the communities around our operational areas. The other 

equally important groups – because we depend on them to operate – are our people and our business 

partners. 

An overview of our approach and rationale is set out below (with stakeholders listed in alphabetical order) 

together with the feedback we have received. 

 

Stakeholders 

How we listen 

Why we do it 

What you’ve told us 

Business 

partners 

 Quarterly meetings with 

ZhenHua Oil to update the 

progress of the annual drilling 

and production work 

programmes and budgets 

 Ensure that actual performance 

of drilling and production work 

programmes are in line with 

targets 

 Explore opportunities for mutual 

collaboration 

 Technical and operational 

updates 

 Update of significant events 

 Mutual agreement on future 

strategies 

Community 

 Biannual meeting with MOGE on 

local needs 

 Informal meet-ups with members 

from the community 

 Foster relationship with 

community through investments 

and donations to build roads and 

amenities to improve local living 

conditions 

 Fulfil needs of local community 

(access roads, schools, 

hospitals, facilities, etc.) 

 Sustainability matters 

Customers 

 Biannual meeting with MOGE to 

update the progress of the 

annual drilling and production 

work programmes and budgets 

 Ensure that actual performance 

of drilling and production work 

programmes are in line with 

targets 

 Foster relationship with MOGE 

through long-term strategies and 

development plans for the oil 

fields 

 Update drilling and production 

work programmes and budgets 

 Future strategies 

 Performance against targets 

 Compliance with all relevant 

requirements 

Employees 

 Employee’s handbook 

 Periodic staff meetings 

 Staff training 

 Labour union meetings 

 Email feedback from employees 

 Ensure that workplace health 

and safety enable the 

employees to work comfortably 

and safely 

 Employment benefits should 

address basic needs and help to 

manage stress and improve 

health 

 Training and career 

development should be in place 

to improve effectiveness and 

productivity 

 Manage occupational health and 

safety 

 Maintain work life balance 

 Provide training and education 

Regulators 

 Consultation with SGX-ST 

 Letters from and meetings with 

government 

 Keep up with the latest rules and 

regulations 

 Engage with regulators 

 Compliance with relevant rules 

and regulations 

Shareholder 

and investors 

 SGXNet announcements 

 Shareholders’ meeting 

 Annual reports 

 Interra website 

 Regular updates and 

communication 

 Investor road shows/analyst 

briefings 

 Committed to delivering 

economic value to our capital 

providers through a strong 

financial performance and our 

methods of engagement with 

them 

 Long-term profitability 

 Sustainability matters 

 Company’s performance against 

targets 

 Compliance with all relevant 

requirements 

Suppliers 

 Request for quotations and/or 

proposals 

 Vendor briefings 

 Purchase agreements 

 Periodic reviews 

 Ensuring integrity in all 

purchasing decisions 

 Adhering to agreement terms 

 Fair vendor selection process 

 Ethical conduct 

 Timely payment 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 

Interra Resources Limited | 6 

 

 

 

 

 

2.4 

Sustainability Materiality 

Based on the stakeholder engagement, we developed our sustainability materiality matrix containing material 

aspects which are aligned with our principal business and operational risks, and formed our sustainability 

strategy which has shaped our approach to sustainability reporting, as illustrated in the diagram below. 

We will review and adjust the matrix each year as the external and business context changes. 

The aspect boundaries ‘within’ the organisation are limited to Goldpetrol, whereas the aspect boundaries 

‘outside’ the organisation include business partners, community, customers, employees, regulators, 

shareholders and investors, and suppliers. 

 











 

 

 

Community 

 

 

Long-term plans 

 

 

 

involvement and  

 

Managing 

 

 

 

 

education 

 

 

continual 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

improvement 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Business 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

continuity 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Water use 

 Managing 

 Operational 

 

 

 

 Land and waste  

greenhouse gas 

safety 

 

 

 

 

management 

 

emissions 

 

 

 

 

 

 

and biodiversity 

Energy 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

efficiency 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Stakeholder 

 Identification 

 

 

 

 

 

engagement 

of new 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

technologies 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Knowledge 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

transfer and 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

sharing 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

























Relevance to Interra 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 

Interra Resources Limited | 7 

 

 

 

 

 

3. 

Our Performance 

3.1 

How We Measure Our Performance 

Our sustainability strategy is embedded into the appropriate parts of our business, with dedicated teams for 

each focus area, and coordination by our relevant departmental managers. 

Progress will be tracked in two key ways: measuring performance against metrics, and evaluating how well 

the programmes have advanced through a series of ‘commitments’. 

Metrics and targets 

We have established key performance indicators for each of the four focus areas outlined in our sustainability 

strategy. Periodically, we plan to introduce new metrics and update targets to ensure alignment with our 

strategy. 

Commitments 

To ensure we have a robust sustainability programme in place, we have included the key commitments for 

each area of our sustainability strategy. The progress we have made against each key commitment is 

indicated using the symbols shown in the table below. 

We track and review our sustainability programme with the Board of Directors at least once a year. 

Symbols used to indicate progress against commitments 

Symbol 

Meaning 

 

New commitment this year 

 

Not started / not met 

 

In progress 

 

Complete 

 

Ongoing commitment: no end date 

 

 












Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 

Interra Resources Limited | 8 

 

 

 

 

 

3.2 

Sustainable Development 

Overview 

Since 1997, we have been operating the Chauk and Yenangyaung oil fields in central Myanmar, and 

cooperating with the MOGE. Armed with robust drilling and development plans as well as investments in new 

technologies, Goldpetrol is well-positioned to deliver sustainable development for the Group for the future. 

Long-term plans 

In FY2017, Goldpetrol was successfully awarded an 11-year extension of the IPRCs for the Chauk and 

Yenangyaung oil fields. In addition, Interra entered into a conditional subscription agreement with North 

Petroleum International Company Limited (NPI), a wholly-owned subsidiary of ZhenHua Oil, for the 

subscription of 79.5 million new ordinary shares in the capital of Interra by way of a private placement, which 

was completed on 30 January 2019. 

In light of these new developments, together with lessons learnt from the Group’s cost and operational control 

strategies in previous years, Goldpetrol is well-positioned to leverage on the strategic partnership between 

Interra and ZhenHua Oil, and put in place the investment and development planned for the oil fields and 

increase production output in the years ahead. 

Managing continual improvement 

During the year under review, Goldpetrol’s FY2021 field operations were suspended for a period of two months 

from February to April 2021 due to civil disobedience movement brought about by the ongoing political 

developments in Myanmar. Goldpetrol was not able to have continuous and uninterrupted access to its field 

operations at the Chauk and Yenangyaung fields and as a result, there was no production during that time.  

With the resumption of field operations, the wells had to be methodically re-activated one after another in order 

to re-establish production. This is a tedious and slow process due to the complex nature and mechanics of re-

establishing production from reservoirs that have been shut-in for a period of time. In addition to the restart of 

well production activities, other field operations which had not been properly maintained were initiated. These 

included workovers and additional perforation of existing wells, infrastructure restoration, maintenance and 

repair works. At the end of FY2021, workovers and additional perforations in existing wells had resumed to a 

level similar to that of pre-suspension. As a result of the suspension, oil production decreased by 29.9% in 

FY2021, compared to the FY2017 baseline. In the year ahead, Goldpterol will strive to fully restore well 

production and bring production level to pre-suspension volumes. 

Despite the substantial amount of time and resources utilised to restart production activities, Goldpetrol was 

able to complete seven wells as oil producers during the year, one of which commenced drilling in 2020. All 

these oil producers were in the Chauk field, with initial production rates totalling 560 BO per day. 

Barring unforeseen circumstances, Goldpetrol is still committed to improve oil production progressively over 

the new contract period ending in 2028. We hope to achieve this in the following year through our drilling 

efforts combined with effective field operations and production management. Prior to the suspension, the on-

going production enhancement by workovers, re-activations and new perforations in existing wells, all aimed 

at arresting the natural production decline, have been very successful at increasing wellhead production and 

yielding appreciable gains. 

With regards to the water-flood programme which commenced in March 2018, Goldpetrol has been 

progressively implementing new projects at both fields with the aim of optimising oil production through 

targeted water injection strategies in individual fault block compartments. When the field operations resumed 

after the above disruptions, the waterflood projects had to be restarted individually. At the end of FY2021, the 

waterflood projects had resumed to the extent that the positive effects were beginning to be realised. In the 

year ahead, Goldpetrol will continue to work on the implementation of new and optimisation of existing 

waterflood projects.  


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 

Interra Resources Limited | 9 

 

 

 

 

 

Identification of new technologies 

In February 2018, Goldpetrol completed the acquisition of eleven patent rights from Chengdu North Petroleum 

Exploration &amp; Development Technology Co., Ltd (CNPED), a wholly-owned subsidiary of ZhenHua Oil. The 

patents will be utilised to enhance oil production in the Chauk and Yenangyaung fields using enhanced oil 

recovery methods and other technologies. By adopting the patents in Myanmar, Goldpetrol is introducing new 

technologies to the Myanmar oil and gas industry which will benefit the industry in general. 

Goldpetrol has begun testing other processes, for example, the effects of high energy gas fracturing in known 

reservoirs. Also, capital was spent on upgrading Goldpetrol’s own ZJ 450 rig to allow for directional drilling of 

intermediate depth wells, which has heretofore required the use of a hired rig with significantly higher costs. 

Commitments: Sustainable development 

Track and report 

fulfilment of budgeted 

drilling programme 

Wells drilled (No.)  

 

Wells completed as oil producers (No.)  

 

 

FY2021 progress 

 

 A total of eight development wells were 

drilled during the year, two of which were 

under the FY2022 drilling programme. 

 Six of the seven wells under the FY2021 

drilling 

programme, 

one 

of 

which 

commenced drilling in FY2020, were 

completed as oil producers during the 

year, with one undergoing completion into 

FY2022. 

 One well under the FY2022 drilling 

programme was also completed as oil 

producer during the year. 

 Initial production rates for the seven wells 

completed during the year totalled 560 BO 

per day. 

 

Improve oil production 

(from FY2017 baseline) 

Barrels of oil produced (BO)  

 

 

FY2021 progress 

 

 The 

drilling 

programme 

and 

field 

operations were suspended for a period of 

two months from February to April 2021. 

Due to ongoing political developments and 

a 

subsequent 

civil 

disobedience 

movement in Myanmar, the Group was not 

able to have continuous and uninterrupted 

access to its field operations at the Chauk 

and Yenangyaung fields during that time.  

 Since then, oil production is being gradually 

restored. This is a tedious and slow process 

due to the complex nature and mechanics of 

re-establishing production from reservoirs 

that have been shut-in for a period of time. 

 By the end of FY2021, workovers and 

additional perforations in existing wells had 

resumed to a level similar to that of pre-

suspension. 

 As a result of the suspension, oil production 

decreased by 29.9% in FY2021, compared 

to the FY2017 baseline.  

 

8+1

2+1

6+2

8

3

7

968k

971k

587k

2021 

2020 

2021 

2020 

2021 

2020 



2019 

2019 



2019 

2018 

2017 Baseline 

838k 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 

Interra Resources Limited | 10 

 

 

 

 

 

3.3 

Environmental Stewardship 

Overview 

Goldpetrol is committed to operating in an environmentally responsible manner to develop Myanmar’s crude 

oil reserves and resources. We seek to reduce our impact on wildlife, land, air and water at our operations 

through our commitment to our EMP and adherence to government regulations. 

In FY2021, we had no spills and no regulatory compliance incidents in Myanmar, demonstrating the benefit of 

integrating environmental initiatives into our business plans and strategies. We are mindful of the environment 

in which we operate and we strive to minimise our impact.  

Managing greenhouse gas emissions 

The risks associated with climate change are real and warrant action. Increasing carbon emissions in the 

atmosphere are having a warming effect. There is broad scientific and policy consensus that actions must be 

taken to further quantify and assess the risks. 

Goldpetrol has the same concerns as people everywhere – how to provide the world with the energy it needs 

while reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. We are committed to positive action on climate change and 

dedicated to reducing the risk in the most efficient way for society by reducing GHG emissions in our 

operations. 

To determine the carbon footprint, we collect energy usage data from Goldpetrol and then calculate its total 

annual GHG emissions. 

In FY2021, Goldpetrol generated a carbon footprint 

of 8,588.2 tonnes of carbon dioxide emission 

(tCO2e) with a carbon emission intensity of 14.6 

kilograms of carbon dioxide emission (kgCO2e) per 

barrel of oil production. The emission mainly arises 

from purchased electricity which accounted for 75% 

of the total carbon emission of Goldpetrol. 

We 

follow 

the 

Greenhouse 

Gas 

Protocol 

established by the World Resources Institute and 

the World Business Council for Sustainable 

Development, the standard manual for measuring 

corporate greenhouse gas emissions. 

Using the “control method”, we include 100% of the 

emissions associated with businesses which we 

directly control. Our carbon footprint includes: 

 

All fuels used directly by our companies (Scope 

1 emissions) 

 

All purchased electricity used in our facilities (Scope 2 emissions) 

 

Impact of business air travel (optional Scope 3 emissions) 

Carbon footprint per barrel of oil production in FY2021 increased when compared to the previous year as a 

result of increased drilling activities in the current year. Energy consumption is expected to increase in tandem 

with the drilling campaign and accelerated field activities. 

As part of our strategy, Goldpetrol has committed to maintain the carbon footprint per barrel of oil production 

(from FY2018 baseline) over the new contract period ending 2028. 




Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 

Interra Resources Limited | 11 

 

 

 

 

 

Energy efficiency 

Energy consumed in our operations generates 99.9% of our GHG emissions and is one of our largest operating 

costs. As such, energy efficiency presents a tremendous opportunity to make an impact on both the 

environment and our bottom line by reducing emissions, lowering costs and improving competitiveness.  

Our energy consumption comprises the following: 

 

Electricity consumption arising from operations of our offices and oil pump; and 

 

Diesel consumption from operations of motor vehicles. 

Whilst we take measures to reduce energy consumption through regular maintenance of our machinery, 

energy consumption is expected to increase in tandem with the drilling campaign and accelerated field 

activities. 

Water use 

Given that our operations are situated along the Ayeyarwaddy River in central Myanmar, we are always 

focused on freshwater conservation opportunities and the efficient use of water through the design, operation 

and expansion of our facilities. 

In the past, water extracted together with crude oil production (formation water) through primary recovery 

method was routed for sedimentation at the treatment pits before being discharged into the river. Since 2016, 

we have been using the gravity injection of water in our oil fields to both increase oil production in offset wells 

and properly dispose of formation water. The ultimate goal is to reach zero discharge of water produced into 

the surrounding environment. 

With the implementation of the water-flood project in FY2018, the requirement for increased access to water 

supply for injection has been met by the use of recycled formation water supplemented by pumped river water. 

In smaller water-flood project areas where river water as a source is impractical because of the distance from 

the river, water from existing non-oil producing wells is employed. 

Land and waste management and biodiversity 

Minimising our impact to land and biodiversity is a key consideration throughout all life stages of our 

operations, from exploration, drilling and production, to responsible waste management, site reclamation and 

closure. We continue to develop and employ best practices and technologies to reduce our surface footprint 

and environmental impacts. 

Commitments: Environmental stewardship 

Achieve zero spills and 

regulatory compliance 

incidents 

Achievements 

 Achieved 

zero 

spills 

and 

regulatory 

compliance incidents in Myanmar 

 

FY2021 progress 

 

 We had no spills and no regulatory 

compliance 

incidents 

in 

Myanmar, 

demonstrating the benefit of integrating 

environmental initiatives into our business 

plans and strategies. We are mindful of the 

environment in which we operate and we 

strive to minimise our impact. 

 

Maintain carbon footprint 

per barrel of oil 

production (from FY2018 

baseline) 

Carbon footprint per barrel of oil 

production (kgCO2e)  

 

 

 

FY2021 progress 

 

 As drilling activities picked up in the 

second half of FY2021, our carbon 

footprint per barrel of oil production 

returned to previous levels.  

 Energy consumption is expected to 

increase in tandem with the drilling 

campaign and accelerated field activities. 

 We will seek to gradually improve our 

performance in this area by focusing on 

the energy efficiency of our operations. 

 

15.1

13.0

14.6



2021 

2020 



2019 

2018 Baseline 

14.2 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 

Interra Resources Limited | 12 

 

 

 

 

 

3.4 

Health and Safety 

Overview 

Safety is a core value in every aspect of Goldpetrol’s operations. Ensuring the safety of the people who work 

in or live near our operational areas is our number one priority. 

In FY2021, we achieved an incident frequency rate of zero. 

Operational safety 

We continue to make progress on our commitment to achieve a safe and secure workplace through a strong 

focus on leadership behaviour, workforce engagement, risk management and consistent application of our 

EMP, which has been in place at our Myanmar operations since FY2014. 

The EMP is a comprehensive framework with a common set of expectations that embodies our commitment 

to managing personnel and process safety as well as operational and environmental risks inherent in our 

business. 

In FY2021, key focus areas included: 

 

Training and prevention programmes, including safety leadership, risk tolerance and approaching others 

 

Risk management with active processes to facilitate mitigation of key residual risks and prevention of 

significant events 

While we manage our business with the goal of preventing incidents, we are prepared for emergencies and 

can respond quickly, effectively, and with care to emergencies or incidents resulting from our operations. In 

the event of an incident, locally-trained personnel are supported by a response team from MOGE to control 

the situation, minimise impacts and restore operations in as short a time as possible. 

As part of our strategy to ensure safety in our operations, Goldpetrol has committed to limit overtime hours 

per employee to a maximum of 120 hours on an ongoing basis. In FY2021, Goldpetrol clocked 81 overtime 

hours per employee. This is due to the suspension of field operations from February to April 2021. Workers 

also incurred less overtime as oil production was being gradually restored well by well.  

We managed to control overtime within 120 hours per employee as indicated in our targets, and the safety of 

our operations was not compromised. All field operations staff had at least 8 hours of rest before commencing 

their work shifts. 

Knowledge transfer and sharing 

Together with our joint venture partner, we periodically conduct short-courses and on-the-job training for our 

workers to ensure that they are well-equipped to manage new and emerging oil production processes that are 

currently being put in place. 

Some of the topics covered include: 

 

Drilling and workover operations 

 

Gas and oil collecting station management 

 

Mud engineering 

 

Cooling oil circulation and dewaxing processes 

 

Pumping unit maintenance 

 

Emergency handling of chemical release/spill 

 

Environment awareness 

 

Fire safety 

 

Chemical handling 

 

Waste disposal and segregation 

In view of the suspension of field operations from February to April 2021, our primary focus post-suspension 

was to re-establish production and achieve pre-suspension volumes. We conducted refresher training for 

existing employees to put them up to speed with resumption of field operations. 

As oil production gradually recovers, we seek to achieve 40 training hours per employee, as part of ongoing 

training for existing employees to refresh their working knowledge. 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 

Interra Resources Limited | 13 

 

 

 

 

 

Business continuity 

Since FY2020, the COVID-19 global pandemic presented unprecedented challenges to our operations. 

However, we have adapted well to those restrictions of safe distancing and working from home, with relatively 

little disruptions to our operations in FY2021. We have continued with the following measures in Singapore 

and Myanmar to protect our staff and mitigate the impact on the Group’s business operations: 

 

Brief employees on good personal hygiene measures as advised by the local health ministries. 

 

Enhanced screening procedures for visitors, including completion of a health screening and declaration 

form, to let them declare they have travel history to affected regions in the last 14 days and/or contact 

history with infected persons in the last 14 days. 

 

Monitor employees for COVID-19 symptoms daily. If an employee is identified to have symptoms of 

COVID-19, he/she will be isolated and advised to seek immediate medical assessment. 

 

Set up alternate teams of employees (i.e. Team A &amp; Team B) who can be deployed at different work 

schedules (e.g. Team A working in the office on alternate days, while Team B telecommutes and vice 

versa). The teams will be physically segregated to avoid the risk of infection between teams. 

 

Establish covering arrangements to minimise disruptions. 

We will monitor the local situation and will put in place the above practices and any additional controls as 

required by the local governments (e.g. quarantine measures, stop work orders) where applicable. In the 

meantime, we will continue to be vigilant in disease prevention and have communicated good personal 

hygiene measures to our office and field operations staff to ensure the continuity of our business operations. 

Update on the Political situation in Myanmar 

Due to operational disruptions brought about by the civil disobedience movement following the political regime 

change in Myanmar in February 2021, we were not able to have continuous and uninterrupted access to our 

field operations at the Chauk and Yenangyaung oil fields during that time. As such, field operations including 

production were suspended for two months from February to April 2021.  

With the resumption of field operations, oil production is being gradually restored. This is a tedious and slow 

process due to the complex nature and mechanics of re-establishing production from reservoirs that have 

been shut-in for a period of time. In addition to the restart of well production activities, other field operations 

which had not been properly maintained were initiated. These included workovers and additional perforation 

of existing wells, infrastructure restoration, maintenance and repair works. The waterflood projects also had 

to be restarted individually. 

At the end of FY2021, workovers and additional perforations in existing wells had resumed to a level similar 

to that of pre-suspension. Furthermore, waterflood projects had resumed to the extent that the positive effects 

were beginning to be realised. 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 

Interra Resources Limited | 14 

 

 

 

 

 

Commitments: Health and safety 

Achieve zero safety 

incidents 

Achievements 

 Achieved zero safety incidents in Myanmar 

 

FY2021 progress 

 

 We had no safety incidents in Myanmar, 

demonstrating 

our 

commitment 

to 

ensuring the safety of the people who work 

in or live near our operational areas is our 

number one priority. 

 

Limit maximum of 120 

hours of overtime per 

employee 

Overtime hours per employee (Hours) 

 

 

FY2021 progress 

 

 We clocked only 81 overtime hours per 

employee due to the suspension of field 

operations from February to April 2021. 

 Workers incurred less overtime as oil 

production was being gradually restored 

well by well. 

 We managed to control overtime within 

120 hours per employee as per our 

targets, and the safety of our operations 

was not compromised. All field operations 

staff had at least 8 hours of rest before 

commencing their work shifts. 

 

Achieve minimum of 40 

hours of training per 

employee 

Training hours per employee (Hours) 

 

 

 

FY2021 progress 

 

 The primary focus post-suspension was to 

re-establish production and achieve pre-

suspension 

volumes. 

We 

conducted 

refresher training for existing employees to 

put them up to speed with resumption of 

field operations. 

 As oil production gradually recovers, we 

seek to achieve 40 training hours per 

employee, as part of ongoing training for 

existing employees to refresh their working 

knowledge. 

 

151

191

81

40

0

8

2021 

2020 



2019 



Target 

120 



2021 

2020  0 

2019 

Target 

40 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 

Interra Resources Limited | 15 

 

 

 

 

 

3.5 

Community 

Overview 

Goldpetrol has long been a part of the community which we operate in. We offer financial and volunteer support 

to MOGE-organised community outreach exercises in Chauk and Yenangyaung each year, and we are 

actively engaged in community services. 

Community involvement 

Our giving and community engagement is guided by our main areas of focus, which include: 

 

Education and sports 

 

Healthcare 

 

Basic infrastructure building and maintenance 

 

Indigenous capacity and community building 

As part of our strategy to give back to the community, Goldpetrol has committed to invest at least US$100,000 

towards community development on an ongoing basis. In FY2021, Goldpetrol invested about US$103,000 in 

the Chauk and Yenangyaung communities, providing much needed personal protective equipment and 

medical oxygen supplies to local hospitals to support their fight against COVID-19. 

Stakeholder engagement 

While the government grants the permit for development, the community provides crucial support towards our 

operations. Our stakeholders offer a variety of perspectives on energy development. Engaging in regular 

discussions with these parties is crucial to responsible operations. 

Goldpetrol’s operations and development opportunities are located within local communities. We support 

communities in areas where we explore, develop and operate, and strive to establish lasting relationships built 

on mutual trust and respect. 

Others 

We also seek to create long-term economic and social benefits for our communities, including workforce and 

supplier development. Enhancing education, developing a skilled workforce, creating jobs and supporting a 

reliable local supply network drive both economic growth and a higher standard of living. 

Workforce 

We seek to attract and retain employees interested in a long-term career with the company. Our Standards of 

Business Conduct govern all aspects of our employment and support our commitment to provide equal 

employment opportunities, prohibit harassment and discrimination in the workplace and align with applicable 

laws and regulations. 

Supplier development 

All of our suppliers and contractors must adhere to our requirements regarding safety, health, security and the 

environment, as well as the principles of our Standards of Business Conduct. We are also focused on 

developing local indigenous businesses through regular meetings with them to ensure they are aware of the 

opportunities created by our projects and understand our requirements. 

Commitments: Community 

Invest a minimum of 

US$100,000 towards 

community development 

Investment in community projects 

(US$’000) 

 

 

 

FY2021 progress 

 

 We invested about US$103,000 in the 

Chauk and Yenangyaung communities, 

providing 

much 

needed 

personal 

protective equipment and medical oxygen 

supplies to local hospitals to support their 

fight against COVID-19. 

 

120

111

103

2021 

2020 

2019 



Target 

100 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 

Interra Resources Limited | 16 

 

 

 

 

 

Appendix A: Sustainability Scorecard 

Economic contribution 

Performance indicators 

Units 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY2021 

Capital and exploration expenditures 

US$’000 

6,481 

3,526 

3,793 

Payments to government 

US$’000 

2,946 

2,751 

1,730 

Total employees 

Number 

483 

472 

470 

Sustainable development 

Performance indicators 

Units 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY2021 

Wells drilled 

Number 

9 

3 

8 

Wells completed as oil producers 

Number 

8 

3 

7 

Gross oil production 

Barrels 

967,683 

970,513 

587,060 

Environmental stewardship 

Performance indicators 

Units 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY2021 

Regulatory and compliance incidents 

Number 

0 

0 

0 

Environmental fines and penalties 

US$’000 

0 

0 

0 

Direct GHG emissions 

tCO2e 

4,015.8 

2,464.2 

2,098.4 

Indirect GHG emissions 

tCO2e 

10,621.9 

10,152.0 

6,489.8 

Total GHG emissions 

tCO2e 

14,637.7 

12,616.2 

8,588.2 

GHG emissions intensity 

kgCO2e/BO 

15.1 

13.0 

14.6 

Health and safety 

Performance indicators 

Units 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY2021 

Safety incidents 

Number 

0 

0 

0 

Training hours per employee 

Hours 

40 

0 

0 

Overtime hours per employee 

Hours 

151 

191 

81 

Community 

Performance indicators 

Units 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY2021 

Investment in community projects 

US$’000 

120 

111 

103 

 

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 

Interra Resources Limited | 17 

 

 

 

 

 

Appendix B: GRI Content Index 

GRI Standards Content Index 

The GRI Content Index references the Interra Resources Limited Sustainability Report 2021 (SR) and its 

Annual Report 2021 (AR). 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

GRI 102: General disclosures 

Organisational profile 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

 AR: Corporate Profile (Pages 2-3) 

102-2 

Activities, brands, 

products, and services 

 AR: Corporate Profile (Pages 2-3) 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

 AR: Corporate Profile (Pages 2-3) 

102-4 

Location of operations 

 AR: Corporate Profile (Pages 2-3) 

102-5 

Ownership and legal 

form 

 AR: Shareholder Demographics (Pages 49-50) 

 AR: General – Note 1 to the Financial Statements 

(Page 68) 

102-6 

Markets served 

 AR: Corporate Profile (Pages 2-3) 

 AR: Segment Information – Note 33 to the Financial 

Statements (Pages 124-127) 

102-7 

Scale of organisation 

 AR: Corporate Profile (Pages 2-3) 

 AR: Segment Information – Note 33 to the Financial 

Statements (Pages 124-127) 

102-8 

Information on 

employees and other 

workers 

 AR: Key Management Personnel (Page 10) 

 SR: Health and Safety (Pages 12-14) 

102-9 

Supply chain 

 SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 5) 

102-10 

Significant changes to 

the organisation and its 

supply chain 

 AR: Operating and Financial Review (Pages 11-20) 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle 

or approach 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-44) 

 AR: Financial Risk Management – Note 32 to the 

Financial Statements (Pages 117-124) 

102-12 

External initiatives 

 Not applicable 

102-13 

Membership of 

associations 

 Not applicable 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior 

decision-maker 

 AR: Chairman’s Statement (Pages 6-7) 

 SR: Message to Stakeholders (Page 2) 

102-15 

Key impacts, risks, and 

opportunities 

 AR: Operating and Financial Review (Pages 11-20) 

 SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 6) 

Ethics and integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, 

standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

 SR: Sustainability Strategy (Page 4) 

102-17 

Mechanisms for advice 

and concerns about 

ethics 

 SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 5) 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-44) 

102-19 

Delegating authority 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-44) 

102-20 

Executive-level 

responsibility for 

economic, 

environmental, and 

social topics 

 SR: Sustainability Organisational Structure (Page 3) 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 

Interra Resources Limited | 18 

 

 

 

 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

102-21 

Consulting stakeholders 

on economic, 

environmental, and 

social topics 

 SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 5) 

102-22 

Composition of the 

highest governance body 

and its committees 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-44) 

 AR: Corporate Information (Inside back cover page) 

102-23 

Chair of the highest 

governance body 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-44) 

 AR: Corporate Information (Inside back cover page) 

102-24 

Nominating and 

selecting the highest 

governance body 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-44) 

 AR: Board of Directors (Pages 8-9) 

102-25 

Conflicts of interest 

 AR: Board of Directors (Pages 8-9) 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-44) 

 AR: Shareholder Demographics (Pages 49-50) 

 AR: Directors’ Statement (Pages 51-55) 

 SR: Sustainability Strategy (Page 4) 

102-26 

Role of highest 

governance body in 

setting purpose, values, 

and strategy 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-44) 

102-27 

Collective knowledge of 

highest governance body 

 AR: Board of Directors (Pages 8-9) 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-44) 

102-28 

Evaluating the highest 

governance body’s 

performance 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-44) 

102-29 

Identifying and managing 

economic, 

environmental, and 

social impacts 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-44) 

 SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 6) 

102-30 

Effectiveness of risk 

management processes 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-44) 

102-31 

Review of economic, 

environmental, and 

social topics 

 SR: Sustainability Report (Pages 1-20) 

102-32 

Highest governance 

body’s role in 

sustainability reporting 

 SR: Sustainability Organisational Structure (Page 3) 

102-33 

Communicating critical 

concerns 

 SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 5) 

102-34 

Nature and total number 

of critical concerns 

 SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 6) 

102-35 

Remuneration policies 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-44) 

102-36 

Process for determining 

remuneration 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-44) 

102-37 

Stakeholders’ 

involvement in 

remuneration 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-44) 

102-38 

Annual total 

compensation ratio 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-44) 

102-39 

Percentage increase in 

annual total 

compensation ratio 

 AR: Key Management’s Remuneration – Note 34(b) 

to the Financial Statements (Page 128) 

Stakeholder 

engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder 

groups 

 SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 5) 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 

Interra Resources Limited | 19 

 

 

 

 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

102-41 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

 Not applicable 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

 SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 5) 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

 SR: Sustainability Strategy (Page 4) 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns 

raised 

 SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 5) 

Reporting practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

 AR: Investments in Subsidiary Corporations – Note 

9 to the Financial Statements (Pages 100-103) 

 AR: Investments in Associated Companies – Note 

10 to the Financial Statements (Pages 103-104) 

102-46 

Defining report content 

and topic Boundaries 

 SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 6) 

102-47 

List of material topics 

 SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 6) 

102-48 

Restatements of 

information 

 Not applicable 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

 Not applicable 

102-50 

Reporting period 

 SR: Scope of Sustainability Report (Page 1) 

102-51 

Date of most recent 

report 

 SR: Scope of Sustainability Report (Page 1) 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

 Annual 

102-53 

Contact point for 

questions regarding the 

report 

 SR: Scope of Sustainability Report (Page 1) 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

 SR: Scope of Sustainability Report (Page 1) 

102-55 

GRI content index 

 SR: GRI Content Index (Pages 17-20) 

102-56 

External assurance 

 No external assurance 

GRI 200: Economic disclosures (applicable sections only) 

Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value 

generated and 

distributed 

 AR: Financial Highlights (Pages 4-5) 

 AR: Operating and Financial Review (Pages 11-20) 

 SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 16) 

Anti-corruption 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of 

corruption and actions 

taken 

 There is no incidence of corruption. 

Anti-competitive 

behaviour 

206-1 

Legal actions for anti-

competitive behaviour, 

anti-trust, and monopoly 

practices 

 There is no legal action for anti-competition. 

GRI 300: Environment disclosures (applicable sections only) 

Energy 

302-1 

Energy consumption 

within the organisation 

 SR: Environmental Stewardship (Page 10-11) 

Water 

303-1 

Water withdrawal by 

source 

 SR: Environmental Stewardship (Page 10-11) 

303-2 

Water sources 

significantly affected by 

withdrawal of water 

 SR: Environmental Stewardship (Page 10-11) 

303-3 

Water recycled and 

reused 

 SR: Environmental Stewardship (Page 10-11) 

Biodiversity 

304-2 

Significant impacts of 

activities, products, and 

services on biodiversity 

 SR: Environmental Stewardship (Page 10-11) 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 

Interra Resources Limited | 20 

 

 

 

 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

Emissions 

305-1 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG 

emissions 

 SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 16) 

305-2 

Energy indirect (Scope 

2) GHG emissions 

 SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 16) 

305-3 

Other indirect (Scope 3) 

GHG emissions 

 SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 16) 

305-4 

GHG emissions intensity 

 SR: Environmental Stewardship (Page 10-11) 

 SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 16) 

305-5 

Reduction of GHG 

emissions 

 Not applicable 

Effluents and waste 

306-1 

Water discharge by 

quality and destination 

 SR: Environmental Stewardship (Page 10-11) 

306-2 

Waste by type and 

disposal method 

 SR: Environmental Stewardship (Page 10-11) 

306-3 

Significant spills 

 SR: Environmental Stewardship (Page 10-11) 

 SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 16) 

Laws and regulations 

307-1 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

 There are no non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations. 

GRI 400: Social disclosures (applicable sections only) 

Occupational health 

and safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates 

of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and 

number of work-related 

fatalities 

 SR: Health and Safety (Pages 12-14) 

 SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 16) 

Training and 

education 

404-1 

Average hours of training 

per year per employee 

 SR: Health and Safety (Pages 12-14) 

 SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 16) 

404-2 

Programmes for 

upgrading employee 

skills and transition 

assistance programmes 

 SR: Health and Safety (Pages 12-14) 

Child labour 

408-1 

Operations and suppliers 

at significant risk for 

incidents of child labour 

 Child labour is strictly prohibited. 

Forced or compulsory 

labour 

409-1 

Operations and suppliers 

at significant risk for 

incidents of forced or 

compulsory labour 

 Forced and compulsory labour is strictly prohibited. 

Local communities 

413-1 

Operations with local 

community engagement, 

impact assessments, 

and development 

programmes 

 SR: Community (Page 15) 

Socioeconomic 

compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with 

laws and regulations in 

the social and economic 

area 

 There are no non-compliance with socioeconomic 

laws and regulations. 

 

