



Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2019 

Interra Resources Limited 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Table of Contents 

1. Highlights ......................................................................................................................................... 1 

1.1 

Corporate Profile ...................................................................................................................... 1 

1.2 

Scope of Sustainability Report ................................................................................................. 1 

1.3 

Restatements ........................................................................................................................... 1 

1.4 

Sustainability contact ............................................................................................................... 1 

1.5 

Message to Stakeholders ........................................................................................................ 2 

2. Our Approach to Sustainability ...................................................................................................... 3 

2.1 

Sustainability Organisational Structure .................................................................................... 3 

2.2 

Sustainability Strategy ............................................................................................................. 4 

2.3 

Consulting Our Stakeholders ................................................................................................... 5 

2.4 

Sustainability Materiality .......................................................................................................... 6 

3. Our Performance.............................................................................................................................. 7 

3.1 

How We Measure Our Performance ........................................................................................ 7 

3.2 

Sustainable Development ........................................................................................................ 8 

3.3 

Environmental Stewardship ................................................................................................... 10 

3.4 

Health and Safety................................................................................................................... 12 

3.5 

Community ............................................................................................................................. 14 

Appendix A: Sustainability Scorecard ............................................................................................... 16 

Appendix B: GRI Content Index .......................................................................................................... 17 

 

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2019 

Interra Resources Limited | 1 

 

 

 

 

 

1. 

Highlights 

1.1 

Corporate Profile 

Interra Resources Limited (‘Interra’ or the ‘Company’), together with its subsidiaries (the ‘Group’), are 

engaged in the business of petroleum exploration and production (E&amp;P). Our E&amp;P activities include petroleum 

production, field development and exploration. We are positioning ourselves to become a leading regional 

independent producer of petroleum. 

Since our inception, we have grown organically by developing our existing assets as well as through 

disciplined acquisitions by seeking attractive resource opportunities across Southeast Asia. Our portfolio of 

production, development and exploration assets comprises three petroleum contract areas in Indonesia and 

Myanmar. 

Interra is listed on the Main Board of the Singapore Exchange. 

1.2 

Scope of Sustainability Report 

The scope of the report dated 23 March 2020 covers information on material sustainability aspects of Interra, 

namely the Group’s significant joint venture entity in Myanmar, Goldpetrol Joint Operating Company Inc. 

(Goldpetrol), from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019 unless otherwise specified. This should sufficiently 

address stakeholders’ concerns in relation to sustainability issues arising from the major business operations 

of the Group. 

Interra owns 60% of Goldpetrol, which operates the Chauk and Yenangyaung oil fields in central Myanmar, 

under two Improved Petroleum Recovery Contracts (IPRCs) with the Myanma Oil and Gas Enterprise 

(MOGE). Interra manages the operatorship of both oil fields jointly with a joint-venture partner, China ZhenHua 

Oil Co., Ltd (ZhenHua Oil). The oil fields cover a total area of approximately 1,800 km2 and are located along 

the Ayeyarwaddy River, about 580 km north of Yangon.  

During financial year under review, the combined gross production for both oil fields was 967,683 barrels of 

oil (BO), comprising 100% of the total oil production by the Group. 

This report is prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards: Core Option as it 

provides a set of an extensive framework that is widely accepted as a global standard for sustainability 

reporting. It also considers the Sustainability Reporting Guide in Practice Note 7.6 of the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (SGX-ST) Listing Manual. In preparing our report, we applied the GRI’s principles 

for defining report content and report quality by considering the Group’s activities, impacts and substantive 

expectations and interests of its stakeholders.  

The data and information provided within the report have not been verified by an independent third party. We 

have relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy. 

1.3 

Restatements 

No restatements were made from the previous report. 

1.4 

Sustainability contact 

We welcome feedback on our sustainability practices and reporting at sr@interraresources.com. 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2019 

Interra Resources Limited | 2 

 

 

 

 

 

1.5 

Message to Stakeholders 

On behalf of the Board of Directors of Interra Resources Limited, I am pleased to present 

the Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (FY2019) 

Developing resources responsibly requires a collective effort. We must continue to operate in a safe and 

environmentally responsible manner and collaborate with communities in a mutually beneficial way. With more 

than 20 years of experience in developing Myanmar’s crude oil resources and cooperating with the MOGE, 

Interra’s long-term commitment to safe operations, minimised impact on the land, air and water, as well as 

investment in our communities remains strong. 

In the FY2019 sustainability report, we continue to report on the Group’s sustainability efforts on Sustainable 

Development, Environmental Stewardship, Health and Safety, and Community. The sustainability report 

highlights our business principles and approach, and how we are meeting the demand for energy in an 

economically, environmentally and socially responsible way.  

Interra continues to stay true to “Exploring, Discovering Value” by being responsible, mindful and ethical, while 

focusing on delivering results thereby positioning the Company for profitable and sustainable growth. During 

the year, we completed our FY2019 drilling programme in the Chauk and Yenangyaung fields, with initial 

production rates that added up to 540 BO per day. Notably, one of the wells was completed as the highest 

producing well in the Chauk field. We also commenced drilling of two appraisal wells in the underdeveloped 

northernmost area of the Chauk field structure with the main objective of appraising the hydrocarbon potential, 

which if successful, would add numerous drillable prospects for future work plans. 

While we strive to make continual progress, there are always opportunities for improvement. We will continue 

to track the key commitments for each area of our sustainability strategy in order to ensure that we have a 

robust sustainability programme in place.  

We wish to confirm that the Board has considered sustainability issues as part of its strategic formulation. The 

Board has determined the material environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors and overseen the 

management in monitoring these material ESG factors. 

On behalf of the Board of Directors 

 

EDWIN SOERYADJAYA 

Chairman 

23 March 2020 

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2019 

Interra Resources Limited | 3 

 

 

 

 

 

2. 

Our Approach to Sustainability 

2.1 

Sustainability Organisational Structure 

Sustainability is a vital part of our corporate strategy for achieving long-term growth. The values we create for 

our people, the environment and society at large very much influence our financial performance. In order to 

better accommodate our sustainability goals and values, we have developed a sustainability organisational 

structure to move things forward. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Board of Directors 

and Management

Country Manager

Employees



The Board of Directors establishes the sustainability while the 

Management sees through the implementation of the framework. 



The Country Manager, together with the Corporate Social 

Responsibility (CSR) Coordinator, is charged with organising and 

coordinating the CSR work of all departments within the subsidiary. 



Relevant head of various departments are responsible for the 

implementation of CSR works. 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2019 

Interra Resources Limited | 4 

 

 

 

 

 

2.2 

Sustainability Strategy 

At the Group, our sustainability strategy aims to create integrated values. Not only do we create economic 

value by maximising profits and shareholder value, but we also take on a broader responsibility as a global 

corporate citizen to create societal values. We commit to deliver value to all our stakeholders.  

As we look back on our progress over the last year, our efforts to deliver value to all our stakeholders can be 

summarised as follows: 

 

 

 

The sustainable strategy is underpinned by: 

(i) Policies and guidelines 

Including our Employee Handbook which establishes a clear tone at the top with regards to employees’ 

business and ethical conduct (including declaration of conflicts of interest); and 

(ii) Management systems 

Including our Environment Management Plan (EMP) which helps us align to best practices for managing 

environmental risks associated with crude oil extraction. The EMP has been in place at our Myanmar 

operations since FY2014. 

Our sustainability strategy is guided by a variety of external sources, including the GRI Standards and 

Sustainability Reporting Guide set out in Practice Note 7.6 of the SGX-ST) Listing Manual. 

The rest of this report covers our progress and performance against each of these areas, and the impact we 

have on the economy, environment and society as a result. 



Economic 



Environment 





Social 




Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2019 

Interra Resources Limited | 5 

 

 

 

 

 

2.3 

Consulting Our Stakeholders 

We engage both internal and external stakeholders on a regular basis with the goal of strengthening our 

sustainability approach and performance. We listen to their expectations – and views on how well we are 

meeting them – as well as collaborating with them for deeper insights and mutual benefits.  

Through our stakeholder engagement processes, we gather both qualitative and quantitative input, which are 

essential in forming both our strategic direction and our day-to-day performance, and maximising the value of 

our contributions across all groups.  

In mapping our stakeholders, we have identified those to whom we have legal, commercial or moral 

responsibility – such as our regulators, suppliers and the communities around our operational areas. The other 

equally important groups – because we depend on them to operate – are our people and our business 

partners. 

An overview of our approach and rationale is set out below (with stakeholders listed in alphabetical order) 

together with the feedback we have received.  

 

Stakeholders 

How we listen 

Why we do it 

What you’ve told us 

Business 

partners 

• Quarterly meetings with 

ZhenHua Oil to update the 

progress of the annual drilling 

and production work 

programmes and budgets 

• Ensure that actual performance 

of drilling and production work 

programmes are in line with 

targets 

• Explore opportunities for mutual 

collaboration 

• Technical and operational 

updates 

• Update of significant events 

• Mutual agreement on future 

strategies 

Community 

• Biannual meeting with MOGE on 

local needs 

• Informal meet-ups with members 

from the community 

• Foster relationship with 

community through investments 

and donations to build roads and 

amenities to improve local living 

conditions 

• Fulfil needs of local community 

(access roads, schools, 

hospitals, facilities, etc.) 

• Sustainability matters 

Customers 

• Biannual meeting with MOGE to 

update the progress of the 

annual drilling and production 

work programmes and budgets 

• Ensure that actual performance 

of drilling and production work 

programmes are in line with 

targets 

• Foster relationship with MOGE 

through long-term strategies and 

development plans for the oil 

fields 

• Update drilling and production 

work programmes and budgets 

• Future strategies 

• Performance against targets 

• Compliance with all relevant 

requirements 

Employees 

• Employee’s handbook 

• Periodic staff meetings 

• Staff training 

• Labour union meetings 

• Email feedback from employees 

• Ensure that workplace health 

and safety enables the 

employees to work comfortably 

and safely 

• Employment benefits should 

address basic needs and help to 

manage stress and improve 

health 

• Training and career 

development should be in place 

to improve effectiveness and 

productivity 

• Manage occupational health and 

safety 

• Maintain work life balance 

• Provide training and education 

Regulators 

• Consultation with SGX-ST 

• Letters from and meetings with 

government 

• Keep up with the latest rules and 

regulations 

• Engage with regulators 

• Compliance with relevant rules 

and regulations 

Shareholder 

and investors 

• SGXNET announcements 

• Shareholders’ meeting 

• Annual reports 

• Interra website 

• Regular updates and 

communication 

• Investor road shows/analyst 

briefings 

• Committed to delivering 

economic value to our capital 

providers through a strong 

financial performance and our 

methods of engagement with 

them 

• Long-term profitability 

• Sustainability matters 

• Company’s performance against 

targets 

• Compliance with all relevant 

requirements 

Suppliers 

• Request for quotations and/or 

proposals 

• Vendor briefings 

• Purchase agreements 

• Periodic reviews 

• Ensuring integrity in all 

purchasing decisions 

• Adhering to agreement terms 

• Fair vendor selection process 

• Ethical conduct 

• Timely payment 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2019 

Interra Resources Limited | 6 

 

 

 

 

 

2.4 

Sustainability Materiality 

Based on the stakeholder engagement, we developed our sustainability materiality matrix containing material 

aspects which are aligned with our principal business and operational risks, and formed our sustainability 

strategy which has shaped our approach to sustainability reporting, as illustrated in the diagram below.  

We will review and adjust the matrix each year as the external and business context changes. 

The aspect boundaries ‘within’ the organisation are limited to Goldpetrol, whereas the aspect boundaries 

‘outside’ the organisation include business partners, community, customers, employees, regulators, 

shareholders and investors, and suppliers. 

 



 

 

 

⚫ Community 

 

 

⚫ Long-term plans 

 

 

 

 

involvement and  

 

⚫ Managing 

 

 

 

 

education 

 

 

 

continual 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

improvement 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Business 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

continuity 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Water use 

⚫ Managing 

⚫ Operational 

 

 

 

⚫ Land and waste 

 

greenhouse gas 

 

safety 

 

 

 

 

management 

 

emissions 

 

 

 

 

 

 

and biodiversity 

⚫ Energy 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

efficiency 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Stakeholder 

⚫ Identification 

 

 

 

 

 

 

engagement 

 

of new 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

technologies 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

⚫ Knowledge 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

transfer and 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

sharing 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Relevance to Interra 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2019 

Interra Resources Limited | 7 

 

 

 

 

 

3. 

Our Performance 

3.1 

How We Measure Our Performance 

Our sustainability strategy is embedded into the appropriate parts of our business, with dedicated teams for 

each focus area, and coordination by our relevant departmental managers. 

Progress will be tracked in two key ways: measuring performance against metrics, and evaluating how well 

the programmes have advanced through a series of ‘commitments’. 

Metrics and targets 

We have established key performance indicators for each of the four focus areas outlined in our sustainability 

strategy. Periodically, we plan to introduce new metrics and update targets to ensure alignment with our 

strategy. 

Commitments 

To ensure we have a robust sustainability programme in place, we have included the key commitments for 

each area of our sustainability strategy. The progress we have made against each key commitment is 

indicated using the symbols shown in the table below. 

We track and review our sustainability programme with the Board of Directors at least once a year. 

Symbols used to indicate progress against commitments 

Symbol 

Meaning 

 

New commitment this year 

 

Not started / not met 

 

In progress 

 

Complete 

 

Ongoing commitment: no end date 

 

 












Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2019 

Interra Resources Limited | 8 

 

 

 

 

 

3.2 

Sustainable Development 

Overview 

Since 1997, we have been operating the Chauk and Yenangyaung oil fields in central Myanmar, and 

cooperating with the MOGE. Armed with robust drilling and development plans as well as investments in new 

technologies, Goldpetrol is well-positioned to deliver sustainable development for the Group for the future. 

Long-term plans 

In FY2017, Goldpetrol was successfully awarded an 11-year extension of the IPRCs for the Chauk and 

Yenangyaung oil fields. In addition, Interra entered into a conditional subscription agreement with North 

Petroleum International Company Limited (NPI), a wholly-owned subsidiary of ZhenHua Oil, for the 

subscription of 79.5 million new ordinary shares in the capital of Interra by way of a private placement, which 

was completed on 30 January 2019. 

In light of these new developments, together with lessons learnt from the Group’s cost and operational control 

strategies in previous years, Goldpetrol is well-positioned to leverage on the strategic partnership between 

Interra and ZhenHua Oil, and put in place the investment and development planned for the oil fields and 

increase production output in the years ahead. 

Managing continual improvement 

During the year under review, Goldpetrol continued aggressively with its FY2019 drilling programme of ten 

wells, which commenced early in December 2018 in view of favourable weather conditions and rig availability. 

All eight development wells, seven in the Chauk field and one in the Yenangyaung field, were completed as 

oil producers with initial production rates that added up to 540 BO per day. Notably, one of the wells was 

completed as the highest producing well in the Chauk field. Two appraisal wells, which commenced drilling in 

the last quarter, were still undergoing testing and evaluation at year end. These were drilled in the 

underdeveloped northernmost area of the Chauk field structure with the main objective of appraising the 

hydrocarbon potential, which if successful, would add numerous drillable prospects for future work plans. 

As part of the strategy, Goldpetrol has committed to improve oil production progressively over the new contract 

period ending in 2028. As a result of our drilling efforts combined with effective field operations and production 

management, oil production has increased by 15.5% in FY2019, compared to the FY2017 baseline. 

In FY2019, the drilling focus was primarily on the development of oil resources in the Chauk South Fault Block, 

of which five of the completions accounted for total initial rate gain of 436 BO per day. In addition to drilling 

new wells, Goldpetrol began a low-cost programme of deepening old shut-in wells by means of side-track 

drilling of existing cased holes to access deeper proven reservoirs. The on-going production enhancement by 

workovers, re-activations and new perforations in existing wells, all aimed at arresting the natural production 

decline, have also been very successful at increasing wellhead production and yielding appreciable gains. 

With regards to the water-flood programme which commenced in March 2018, Goldpetrol has been 

progressively implementing new projects at both fields with the aim of optimising oil production through 

targeted water injection strategies in individual fault block compartments. Five new projects were put into 

operation in FY2019, bringing the total to ten active water-flood projects of various sizes and objectives. There 

has been an overall noticeable oil gain and positive effects on the arrest of natural production decline in most 

targeted fault compartments. Since water-flooding by its nature is a longer term process, some blocks may 

not have realised the full effects yet. 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2019 

Interra Resources Limited | 9 

 

 

 

 

 

Identification of new technologies 

In February 2018, Goldpetrol completed the acquisition of eleven patent rights from Chengdu North Petroleum 

Exploration &amp; Development Technology Co., Ltd (CNPED), a wholly-owned subsidiary of ZhenHua Oil. The 

patents will be utilised to enhance oil production in the Chauk and Yenangyaung fields using enhanced oil 

recovery methods and other technologies. By adopting the patents in Myanmar, Goldpetrol is introducing new 

technologies to the Myanmar oil and gas industry which will benefit the industry in general. 

Goldpetrol has begun testing other processes, for example, the effects of high energy gas fracturing in known 

reservoirs. Also, capital was spent on upgrading Goldpetrol’s own ZJ 450 rig to allow for directional drilling of 

intermediate depth wells, which has heretofore required the use of a hired rig with significantly higher costs. 

Commitments: Sustainable development 

Track and report fulfilment 

of budgeted drilling 

programme 

Wells drilled (No.)  

 

Wells completed as oil producers (No.)  

 

 

FY2019 progress 

 

• A total of nine wells were drilled, of which 

one 

was 

under 

the 

2020 

drilling 

programme. 

• Eight wells under the FY2019 drilling 

programme 

were completed as 

oil 

producers, with initial production rates 

totalling of 540 BO per day. 

 

Improve oil production 

(from FY2017 baseline) 

Barrels of oil produced (BO)  

 

 

FY2019 progress 

 

• As a result of our drilling efforts and 

combined with effective field operations 

and 

production 

management, 

oil 

production 

increased 

by 

15.5% 

in 

FY2019, 

compared to the FY2017 

baseline.  

 

8

9+2

8+1

5

8

8

838k

888k

968k

2019 

2018 

2019 

2018 

2019 

2018 

2017 

2017 

2017 






Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2019 

Interra Resources Limited | 10 

 

 

 

 

 

3.3 

Environmental Stewardship 

Overview 

Goldpetrol is committed to operating in an environmentally responsible manner to develop Myanmar’s crude 

oil reserves and resources. We seek to reduce our impact on wildlife, land, air and water at our operations 

through our commitment to our EMP and adherence to government regulations. 

In FY2019, we had no spills and no regulatory compliance incidents in Myanmar, demonstrating the benefit of 

integrating environmental initiatives into our business plans and strategies. We are mindful of the environment 

in which we operate and we strive to minimise our impact.  

Managing greenhouse gas emissions 

The risks associated with climate change are real and warrant action. Increasing carbon emissions in the 

atmosphere are having a warming effect. There is broad scientific and policy consensus that actions must be 

taken to further quantify and assess the risks. 

Goldpetrol has the same concerns as people everywhere – how to provide the world with the energy it needs 

while reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. We are committed to positive action on climate change and 

dedicated to reducing the risk in the most efficient way for society by reducing GHG emissions in our 

operations. 

To determine the carbon footprint, we collect energy usage data from Goldpetrol and then calculate its total 

annual GHG emissions.  

In FY2019, Goldpetrol generated a carbon footprint 

of 14,637.7 tonnes of carbon dioxide emission 

(tCO2e) with a carbon emission intensity of 15.1 

kilograms of carbon dioxide emission (kgCO2e) per 

barrel of oil production. The emission mainly arises 

from purchased electricity which accounted for 

72% of the total carbon emission of Goldpetrol. 

We 

follow 

the 

Greenhouse 

Gas 

Protocol 

established by the World Resources Institute and 

the World Business Council for Sustainable 

Development, the standard manual for measuring 

corporate greenhouse gas emissions.  

Using the “control method”, we include 100% of the 

emissions associated with businesses which we 

directly control. Our carbon footprint includes: 

• 

All fuels used directly by our companies (Scope 

1 emissions) 

• 

All purchased electricity used in our facilities (Scope 2 emissions) 

• 

Impact of business air travel (optional Scope 3 emissions) 

Carbon footprint per barrel of oil production increased slightly from the previous year due to increased 

production activities in the current year in FY2019. Energy consumption is expected to increase in tandem 

with the drilling campaign and accelerated field activities. 

As part of our strategy, Goldpetrol has committed to maintain the carbon footprint per barrel of oil production 

over the new contract period ending 2028. 




Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2019 

Interra Resources Limited | 11 

 

 

 

 

 

Energy efficiency 

Energy consumed in our operations generates 99.3% of our GHG emissions and is one of our largest operating 

costs. As such, energy efficiency presents a tremendous opportunity to make an impact on both the 

environment and our bottom line by reducing emissions, lowering costs and improving competitiveness.  

Our energy consumption comprises the following: 

• 

Electricity consumption arising from operations of our offices and oil pump; and 

• 

Diesel consumption from operations of motor vehicles.  

Whilst we take measures to reduce energy consumption through regular maintenance of our machinery, 

energy consumption is expected to increase in tandem with the drilling campaign and accelerated field 

activities. 

Water use 

Given that our operations are situated along the Ayeyarwaddy River in central Myanmar, we are always 

focused on freshwater conservation opportunities and the efficient use of water through the design, operation 

and expansion of our facilities.  

In the past, water extracted together with crude oil production (formation water) through primary recovery 

method was routed for sedimentation at the treatment pits before being discharged into the river. Since 2016, 

we have been using the gravity injection of water in our oil fields to both increase oil production in offset wells 

and properly dispose of formation water. The ultimate goal is to reach zero discharge of water produced into 

the river and the surrounding environment.  

With the implementation of the Water-Flood Project in FY2018, the requirement for increased access to water 

supply for injection has been met by the use of recycled formation water supplemented by pumped river water. 

Formation water is also being used for injection in the smaller WF project in Yenangyaung.  

Land and waste management and biodiversity 

Minimising our impact to land and biodiversity is a key consideration throughout all life stages of our 

operations, from exploration, drilling and production, to responsible waste management, site reclamation and 

closure. We continue to develop and employ best practices and technologies to reduce our surface footprint 

and environmental impacts. 

Commitments: Environmental stewardship 

Achieve zero spills and 

regulatory compliance 

incidents 

Achievements 

• Achieved 

zero 

spills 

and 

regulatory 

compliance incidents in Myanmar 

 

FY2019 progress 

 

• We had no spills and no regulatory 

compliance 

incidents 

in 

Myanmar, 

demonstrating the benefit of integrating 

environmental 

initiatives 

into 

our 

business plans and strategies. We are 

mindful of the environment in which we 

operate and we strive to minimise our 

impact. 

 

Maintain carbon footprint 

per barrel of oil production 

(from FY2018 baseline) 

Carbon footprint per barrel of oil 

production (kgCO2e)  

 

 

 

FY2019 progress 

 

• As a result of increased production 

activities, our carbon footprint per barrel 

of oil production increased slightly from 

the previous year.  

• Energy consumption is expected to 

increase in tandem with the drilling 

campaign and accelerated field activities. 

• We will seek to gradually improve our 

performance in this area by focusing on 

the energy efficiency of our operations.  

 

10.8

14.2

15.1

2019 

2018 

2017 






Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2019 

Interra Resources Limited | 12 

 

 

 

 

 

3.4 

Health and Safety 

Overview 

Safety is a core value in every aspect of Goldpetrol’s operations. Ensuring the safety of the people who work 

in or live near our operational areas is our number one priority.  

In FY2019, we achieved an incident frequency rate of zero. 

Operational safety 

We continue to make progress on our commitment to achieve a safe and secure workplace through a strong 

focus on leadership behaviour, workforce engagement, risk management and consistent application of our 

EMP, which has been in place at our Myanmar operations since FY2014. 

The EMP is a comprehensive framework with a common set of expectations that embodies our commitment 

to managing personnel and process safety as well as operational and environmental risks inherent in our 

business. 

In FY2019, key focus areas included: 

• 

Training and prevention programmes, including safety leadership, risk tolerance and approaching others 

• 

Risk management with active processes to facilitate mitigation of key residual risks and prevention of 

significant events 

While we manage our business with the goal of preventing incidents, we are prepared for emergencies and 

can respond quickly, effectively, and with care to emergencies or incidents resulting from our operations. In 

the event of an incident, locally-trained personnel are supported by a response team from MOGE to control 

the situation, minimise impacts and restore operations in as short a time as possible. 

As part of our strategy to ensure safety in our operations, Goldpetrol has committed to limit overtime hours 

per employee to a maximum of 120 hours on an ongoing basis. In FY2019, Goldpetrol clocked 151 overtime 

hours per employee, this is due to increased production activities (e.g. workovers, additional perforations and 

water-flood projects) at the Chauk and Yenangyaung fields. Although this is in excess of 120 hours per 

employee as indicated in our targets, the safety of our operations was not compromised in any case. All field 

operations staff are required to have a full 8 hours of rest before commencing their work shifts. 

Knowledge transfer and sharing 

Together with our joint venture partner, we periodically conduct short-courses and on-the-job training for our 

workers to ensure that they are well-equipped to manage new and emerging oil production processes that are 

currently being put in place.  

Some of the topics covered include: 

• 

Drilling and workover operations 

• 

Gas and oil collecting station management 

• 

Mud engineering 

• 

Cooling oil circulation and dewaxing processes 

• 

Pumping unit maintenance 

• 

Emergency handling of chemical release/spill 

• 

Environment awareness 

• 

Fire safety 

• 

Chemical handling 

• 

Waste disposal and segregation 

As part of our strategy to ensure safety in our operations, Goldpetrol has committed to achieve a minimum of 

40 hours of training per employee on an ongoing basis. In FY2019, Goldpetrol clocked 40 training hours per 

employee, as part of an ongoing training for existing employees to refresh their working knowledge. 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2019 

Interra Resources Limited | 13 

 

 

 

 

 

Business continuity 

Due to the rapid development of the coronavirus (COVID-19) situation around the globe, Interra has initiated 

business continuity planning in Singapore to protect our staff and mitigate the impact on the Group’s business 

operations. We have put in place the following controls at Interra’s Singapore Headquarters as follows: 

• 

Brief employees on good personal hygiene measures as advised by the Ministry of Health. 

• 

Enhanced screening procedures for visitors, including completion of a health screening and declaration 

form, to let them declare they have travel history to affected regions in the last 14 days and/or contact 

history with infected persons in the last 14 days. 

• 

Carry out symptom or temperature monitoring of employees twice daily. If an employee is identified to 

have fever (37.5ºC and above), he/she will be advised to seek immediate medical assessment.  

• 

Set up alternate teams of employees (i.e. Team A &amp; Team B) who can be deployed at different work 

schedules (e.g. Team A working in the office on alternate days, while Team B telecommutes and vice 

versa). The teams will be physically segregated to avoid the risk of infection between teams. 

• 

Establish covering arrangements to minimise disruptions. 

Recently, Myanmar has also reported its first cases of COVID-19. We will continue to monitor the local situation 

and will put in place best practices and any additional controls as required by the Myanmar government in the 

Chauk and Yenangyaung fields and our Yangon office. In the meantime, we will continue to be vigilant in 

disease prevention and have communicated good personal hygiene measures to our office and field 

operations staff to ensure the continuity of our business operations in Myanmar.  

Commitments: Health and safety 

Achieve zero safety 

incidents 

Achievements 

• Achieved zero safety incidents in Myanmar 

 

FY2019 progress 

 

• We had no safety incidents in Myanmar, 

demonstrating our commitment to ensure 

that ensuring the safety of the people who 

work in or live near our operational areas 

is our number one priority. 

 

Limit maximum of 120 

hours of overtime per 

employee 

Overtime hours per employee (Hours) 

 

 

FY2019 progress 

 

• We clocked 151 overtime hours per 

employee due to increased production 

activities at the Chauk and Yenangyaung 

fields. 

• Although this is in excess of 120 hours 

per employee as indicated in our targets, 

the safety of our operations was not 

compromised in any case. All field 

operations staff are required to have a full 

8 hours of rest before commencing their 

work shifts. 

 

Achieve minimum of 40 

hours of training per 

employee 

Training hours per employee (Hours) 

 

 

FY2019 progress 

 

• We achieved 40 training hours per 

employee, as part of an ongoing training 

for existing employees to refresh their 

working knowledge. 

 

118

115

151

79

40

40

2019 

2018 

2019 

2018 

2017 

2017 








Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2019 

Interra Resources Limited | 14 

 

 

 

 

 

3.5 

Community 

Overview 

Goldpetrol has long been a part of the community which we operate in. We offer financial and volunteer support 

to MOGE-organised community outreach exercises in Chauk and Yenangyaung each year, and we are 

actively engaged in community services. 

Community involvement 

Our giving and community engagement is guided by our main areas of focus, which include: 

• 

Education and sports 

• 

Healthcare 

• 

Basic infrastructure building and maintenance 

• 

Indigenous capacity and community building 

As part of our strategy to give back to the community, Goldpetrol has committed to invest at least US$100,000 

towards community development on an ongoing basis. In FY2019, Goldpetrol invested about US$120,000 in 

the Chauk and Yenangyaung communities, towards the causes of education, sports, healthcare, infrastructure 

and community building.  

For example, as part of the Yenangyaung township development project in collaboration with the local 

government, we committed about US$60,000 to replace water transfer lines, re-install water pump 

transformer, construct bus terminal and bus stops, and sponsor sports competition and other public facilities. 

As for the Chauk township, most of the committed US$60,000 was used to build concrete roads and construct 

water supply facilities and recreational facilities. 

Stakeholder engagement 

While the government grants the permit for development, the community provides crucial support towards our 

operations. Our stakeholders offer a variety of perspectives on energy development. Engaging in regular 

discussions with these parties is crucial to responsible operations. 

Goldpetrol’s operations and development opportunities are located within local communities. We support 

communities in areas where we explore, develop and operate, and strive to establish lasting relationships built 

on mutual trust and respect. 

In FY2019, stakeholder engagement activities included: 

• 

Site visit by drilling contractors to inspect drilling operations including safety and environment protection 

aspects 

• 

Field visit by investors to learn about oil and gas operations including the environment, health and safety 

impacts 

Others 

We also seek to create long-term economic and social benefits for our communities, including workforce and 

supplier development. Enhancing education, developing a skilled workforce, creating jobs and supporting a 

reliable local supply network drive both economic growth and a higher standard of living. 

Workforce 

We seek to attract and retain employees interested in a long-term career with the company. Our Standards of 

Business Conduct govern all aspects of our employment and support our commitment to provide equal 

employment opportunities, prohibit harassment and discrimination in the workplace and align with applicable 

laws and regulations. 

Supplier development 

All of our suppliers and contractors must adhere to our requirements regarding safety, health, security and the 

environment, as well as the principles of our Standards of Business Conduct. We are also focused on 

developing local indigenous businesses through regular meetings with them to ensure they are aware of the 

opportunities created by our projects and understand our requirements. 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2019 

Interra Resources Limited | 15 

 

 

 

 

 

Commitments: Community 

Invest a minimum of 

US$100,000 towards 

community development 

Investment in community projects 

(US$’000) 

 

 

 

FY2019 progress 

 

• We invested about US$120,000 in the 

Chauk and Yenangyaung communities, 

towards the causes of education, sports, 

healthcare, infrastructure and community 

building. 

 

 

100

143

120

2019 

2018 

2017 




Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2019 

Interra Resources Limited | 16 

 

 

 

 

 

Appendix A: Sustainability Scorecard 

Economic contribution 

Performance indicators 

Units 

FY2017 

FY2018 

FY2019 

Capital and exploration expenditures 

US$’000 

11,104 

8,396 

6,481 

Payments to government 

US$’000 

636 

1,167 

2,946 

Total employees 

Number 

437 

469 

483 

Sustainable development 

Performance indicators 

Units 

FY2017 

FY2018 

FY2019 

Wells drilled 

Number 

8 

11 

9 

Wells completed as oil producers 

Number 

5 

8 

8 

Gross oil production 

Barrels 

837,823 

887,896 

967,683 

Environmental stewardship 

Performance indicators 

Units 

FY2017 

FY2018 

FY2019 

Regulatory and compliance incidents 

Number 

0 

0 

0 

Environmental fines and penalties 

US$’000 

0 

0 

0 

Environmental and operating expenditures 

US$’000 

100 

143 

0 

Direct GHG emissions 

tCO2e 

2,407.2 

3,829.5 

4,015.8 

Indirect GHG emissions 

tCO2e 

6,722.0 

8,800.0 

10,621.9 

Total GHG emissions 

tCO2e 

9,129.2 

12,629.5 

14,637.7 

GHG emissions intensity 

kgCO2e/BO 

10.8 

14.2 

15.1 

Health and safety 

Performance indicators 

Units 

FY2017 

FY2018 

FY2019 

Safety incidents 

Number 

0 

0 

0 

Training hours per employee 

Hours 

79 

40 

40 

Overtime hours per employee 

Hours 

118 

115 

151 

Community 

Performance indicators 

Units 

FY2017 

FY2018 

FY2019 

Investment in community projects 

Hours 

100 

143 

120 

 

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2019 

Interra Resources Limited | 17 

 

 

 

 

 

Appendix B: GRI Content Index 

GRI Standards Content Index 

The GRI Content Index references the Interra Resources Limited Sustainability Report 2019 (SR) and its 

Annual Report 2019 (AR). 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

GRI 102: General disclosures 

Organisational profile 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

• AR: Corporate Profile (Pages 2-3) 

102-2 

Activities, brands, 

products, and services 

• AR: Corporate Profile (Pages 2-3) 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

• AR: Corporate Profile (Pages 2-3) 

102-4 

Location of operations 

• AR: Corporate Profile (Pages 2-3) 

102-5 

Ownership and legal 

form 

• AR: Shareholder Demographics (Pages 46-47) 

• AR: General – Note 1 to the Financial Statements 

(Page 65) 

102-6 

Markets served 

• AR: Corporate Profile (Pages 2-3) 

• AR: Segment Information – Note 36 to the Financial 

Statements (Pages 129-130) 

102-7 

Scale of organisation 

• AR: Corporate Profile (Pages 2-3) 

• AR: Segment Information – Note 36 to the Financial 

Statements (Pages 129-130) 

102-8 

Information on 

employees and other 

workers 

• AR: Key Management Personnel (Page 10) 

• SR: Health and Safety (Pages 12-13) 

102-9 

Supply chain 

• SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 5) 

102-10 

Significant changes to 

the organisation and its 

supply chain 

• AR: Operating and Financial Review (Pages 11-20) 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle 

or approach 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 34-35) 

• AR: Financial Risk Management – Note 35 to the 

Financial Statements (Pages 121-129) 

102-12 

External initiatives 

• Not applicable 

102-13 

Membership of 

associations 

• Not applicable 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior 

decision-maker 

• AR: Chairman’s Statement (Pages 6-7) 

• SR: Message to Stakeholders (Page 2) 

102-15 

Key impacts, risks, and 

opportunities 

• AR: Operating and Financial Review (Pages 15-18) 

• SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 6) 

Ethics and integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, 

standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

• SR: Sustainability Strategy (Page 4) 

102-17 

Mechanisms for advice 

and concerns about 

ethics 

• SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 5) 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-26) 

102-19 

Delegating authority 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-26) 

102-20 

Executive-level 

responsibility for 

economic, 

environmental, and 

social topics 

• SR: Sustainability Organisational Structure (Page 3) 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2019 

Interra Resources Limited | 18 

 

 

 

 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

102-21 

Consulting stakeholders 

on economic, 

environmental, and 

social topics 

• SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 5) 

102-22 

Composition of the 

highest governance body 

and its committees 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-26) 

• AR: Corporate Information (Inside back cover page) 

102-23 

Chair of the highest 

governance body 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-26) 

• AR: Corporate Information (Inside back cover page) 

102-24 

Nominating and 

selecting the highest 

governance body 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 26-31) 

• AR: Board of Directors (Pages 8-9) 

102-25 

Conflicts of interest 

• AR: Board of Directors (Pages 8-9) 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-26) 

• AR: Shareholder Demographics (Pages 46-47) 

• AR: Directors’ Statement (Pages 48-52) 

• SR: Sustainability Strategy (Page 4) 

102-26 

Role of highest 

governance body in 

setting purpose, values, 

and strategy 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 21-26) 

102-27 

Collective knowledge of 

highest governance body 

• AR: Board of Directors (Pages 8-9) 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 24-26) 

102-28 

Evaluating the highest 

governance body’s 

performance 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 30-31) 

102-29 

Identifying and managing 

economic, 

environmental, and 

social impacts 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 34-35) 

• SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 6) 

102-30 

Effectiveness of risk 

management processes 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 34-35) 

102-31 

Review of economic, 

environmental, and 

social topics 

• SR: Sustainability Report (Pages 1-20) 

102-32 

Highest governance 

body’s role in 

sustainability reporting 

• SR: Sustainability Organisational Structure (Page 3) 

102-33 

Communicating critical 

concerns 

• SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 5) 

102-34 

Nature and total number 

of critical concerns 

• SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 6) 

102-35 

Remuneration policies 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 31-34) 

102-36 

Process for determining 

remuneration 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 31-34) 

102-37 

Stakeholders’ 

involvement in 

remuneration 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 31-34) 

102-38 

Annual total 

compensation ratio 

• AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 33-34) 

102-39 

Percentage increase in 

annual total 

compensation ratio 

• AR: Key Management’s Remuneration – Note 37(c) 

to the Financial Statements (Page 134) 

Stakeholder 

engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder 

groups 

• SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 5) 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2019 

Interra Resources Limited | 19 

 

 

 

 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

102-41 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

• Not applicable 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

• SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 5) 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

• SR: Sustainability Strategy (Page 4) 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns 

raised 

• SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 5) 

Reporting practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

• AR: Investments in Subsidiary Corporations – Note 

9 to the Financial Statements (Page 100) 

• AR: Investments in Associated Companies –  Note 

10 to the Financial Statements (Page 103) 

102-46 

Defining report content 

and topic Boundaries 

• SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 6) 

102-47 

List of material topics 

• SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 6) 

102-48 

Restatements of 

information 

• Not applicable 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

• Not applicable 

102-50 

Reporting period 

• SR: Scope of Sustainability Report (Page 1) 

102-51 

Date of most recent 

report 

• SR: Scope of Sustainability Report (Page 1) 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

• Annual 

102-53 

Contact point for 

questions regarding the 

report 

• SR: Scope of Sustainability Report (Page 1) 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

• SR: Scope of Sustainability Report (Page 1) 

102-55 

GRI content index 

• SR: GRI Content Index (Pages 17-20) 

102-56 

External assurance 

• No external assurance 

GRI 200: Economic disclosures (applicable sections only) 

Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value 

generated and 

distributed 

• AR: Financial Highlights (Pages 4-5) 

• AR: Operating and Financial Review (Pages 11-14) 

• SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 16) 

Anti-corruption 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of 

corruption and actions 

taken 

• There is no incidence of corruption. 

Anti-competitive 

behaviour 

206-1 

Legal actions for anti-

competitive behaviour, 

anti-trust, and monopoly 

practices 

• There is no legal action for anti-competition. 

GRI 300: Environment disclosures (applicable sections only) 

Energy 

302-1 

Energy consumption 

within the organisation 

• SR: Environmental Stewardship (Page 10-11) 

Water 

303-1 

Water withdrawal by 

source 

• SR: Environmental Stewardship (Page 10-11) 

303-2 

Water sources 

significantly affected by 

withdrawal of water 

• SR: Environmental Stewardship (Page 10-11) 

303-3 

Water recycled and 

reused 

• SR: Environmental Stewardship (Page 10-11) 

Biodiversity 

304-2 

Significant impacts of 

activities, products, and 

services on biodiversity 

• SR: Environmental Stewardship (Page 10-11) 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2019 

Interra Resources Limited | 20 

 

 

 

 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

Emissions 

305-1 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG 

emissions 

• SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 16) 

305-2 

Energy indirect (Scope 

2) GHG emissions 

• SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 16) 

305-3 

Other indirect (Scope 3) 

GHG emissions 

• SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 16) 

305-4 

GHG emissions intensity 

• SR: Environmental Stewardship (Page 10-11) 

• SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 16) 

305-5 

Reduction of GHG 

emissions 

• Not applicable 

Effluents and waste 

306-1 

Water discharge by 

quality and destination 

• SR: Environmental Stewardship (Page 10-11) 

306-2 

Waste by type and 

disposal method 

• SR: Environmental Stewardship (Page 10-11) 

306-3 

Significant spills 

• SR: Environmental Stewardship (Page 10-11) 

• SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 16) 

Laws and regulations 

307-1 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

• There are no non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations. 

GRI 400: Social disclosures (applicable sections only) 

Occupational health 

and safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates 

of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and 

number of work-related 

fatalities 

• SR: Health and Safety (Pages 12-13) 

• SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 16) 

Training and 

education 

404-1 

Average hours of training 

per year per employee 

• SR: Health and Safety (Pages 12-13) 

• SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 16) 

404-2 

Programmes for 

upgrading employee 

skills and transition 

assistance programmes 

• SR: Health and Safety (Pages 12-13) 

Child labour 

408-1 

Operations and suppliers 

at significant risk for 

incidents of child labour 

• Child labour is strictly prohibited. 

Forced or compulsory 

labour 

409-1 

Operations and suppliers 

at significant risk for 

incidents of forced or 

compulsory labour 

• Forced and compulsory labour is strictly prohibited. 

Local communities 

413-1 

Operations with local 

community engagement, 

impact assessments, 

and development 

programmes 

• SR: Community (Pages 14-15) 

Socioeconomic 

compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with 

laws and regulations in 

the social and economic 

area 

• There are no non-compliance with socioeconomic 

laws and regulations. 

 

