
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 







 

Our Vision 

The Group aspires to deliver memorable 

experiences for our guests and continue to 

grow responsibly and in a sustainable way. 

 











 

Our Mission 

The Group strives to satisfy and delight our 

guests, and understanding the opinions, needs 

and desires of our stakeholders in the 

development of our business strategy, 

products and services. We believe in 

conducting business with the highest level of 

integrity, respecting history and heritage, and 

maintaining high standards in every aspect of 

our business. These permeate throughout our 

governance and management values, and 

align with the principles of sustainability, so we 

may seek a positive social, economic and 

environmental benefit for our stakeholders and 

the local communities where we operate. 

 





1 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Board Statement 

The Board is committed in its sustainability efforts in addressing Environmental, 

Social and Governance (“ESG”) factors that are material to its business. In line 

with our sustainability vision and mission, we consider ESG factors material to the 

Group and stakeholders in the formulation of the Group’s strategy. 

 

About IPC Corporation Ltd 

IPC Corporation Ltd ("IPC") was 

incorporated in Singapore on 8 May 1985 

and has been listed on the Mainboard of the 

SGX-ST (Stock Code : AZA) since 21 May 

1993. The businesses of IPC and its 

subsidiaries ("The Group") includes property 

investment and development as well as 

investment holding.  

Over the years, the Group developed several 

projects in China and Japan. The Group’s 

notable development projects include: 

 

 

 

• Costa del Sol in Zhuhai, China, a residential 

cum commercial and a hotel project, that 

has a total gross build-up area of more than 

170,000 square meters. The project was 

developed from 1997 and all the residential 

units were completely sold by 2008; and 

 

• Residential condo projects in various 

locations in Japan (Tsukuba, Tsuchiura, 

Uraga, Tsukimino, Oppama and Oiso), were 

completed between 2009 and 2013. 

 

 











 

 

 



2 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

In the U.S., the Group transacted 

numerous single family homes through 

the buy, rehabilitation and sell process 

from 2009 to 2012. 

 

Concurrently in Japan, over a couple of 

years from 2010, the Group bought a total 

of 9 hotels, out of which 6 were rebranded 

under the “nest” hotel branding. The “Nest 

Hotel” trademark and name is registered 

and owned by IPC. 

 

 

 















Following its divestment of 9 hotels in Japan 

in 2015, IPC has transformed its business 

model into an asset-light hotel management 

business, although the Group still owns a 

217 room Grand nest Hotel zhuhai in China. 

Armed with an extensive experience in hotel 

management with a proven track record of 

optimised returns, the Group is well 

positioned to competently offer consultancy 

and advisory services with comprehensive 

feasibility studies and design for owners of 

existing hotels embarking on renewal or new 

hotels development. 

3 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

 

 





About this Report 

 

Year 2020 has been an incredibly challenging year for the travel and hospitality 

industry due to the COVID-19 pandemic; it has been a painful and heartbreaking 

time for all. During the COVID-19 pandemic, we took immediate actions to prioritize 

the health and safety of our guests, associates and staff by having a more robust 

cleaning/disinfection standard and safety measures as per the Health Ministry’s 

guidelines on cleanliness, hygiene and safety. We remain committed to providing 

our guests, associates and staff with a clean and safe environment for them to 

stay, visit and work in. 

 

 

 

 

 

The following set out the priorities for the Group, as well our stakeholders 

(shareholders, guests, colleagues, local community, etc.): 

 

Responsible Business: We strive to conduct our business with integrity in building a 

sustainable business that deliver long-term value and growth to all our 

stakeholders. 

 

Environment: We strive to minimize our properties’ operational impact on the 

environment through resource conservation and best practices. 

 

• Energy 

 

• Water 

 

• Waste  

 

 

















4 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

As we weather the COVID-19 pandemic 

challenges, we continue to embark on our 

sustainability efforts in addressing ESG 

and we are pleased to present our 

sustainability report for the ﬁscal year 

2020 with reference to the GRI 

sustainability reporting guidelines; the 

report reﬂects the operational 

performance of our Grand nest Hotel 

zhuhai in China. 

 









Customer Privacy: With guests as our focal 

point, we strive to treat our guests’ privacy 

and their data safely, respectfully and fairly. 

 

Guest Experience: We aspire to deliver 

memorable experiences for our guests; we 

treat all feedback as important and track 

guest satisfaction data so as improve guest 

experience. 

 

Code of Conduct: We believe that integrity, 

honesty and fairness are important elements 

in our business. The Code of Conduct sets 

out the standards of behaviour expected 

from our employees. 

 





5 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 









 OUR SUSTAINABILITY JOURNEY 

 

 





We seek creative and innovative ways to 

meet the needs of our guests while 

maintaining high standards in every aspect 

of our business, from environmental to 

social sustainability. 

 

As we embark on this journey, we strive to 

continuously identify, address and manage 

key material ESG factors of the business 

and shall review them on an ongoing 

basis, so as to help achieve and build a 

sustainable business for the interests of all 

stakeholders over the long term. 





We take pride in creating memorable 

experiences in our hotel while operating 

sustainably and creating economic 

opportunity wherever we do business. 

 

We are committed to making a difference 

in the communities where our guests and 

colleagues live, work and play. We 

continue to work diligently to minimize 

the environmental impact on our hotel 

and we stress the importance of being a 

responsible business and follow the 

principles of sustainability across our 

operations. 

6 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





 RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS 

 

Our commitment to serve our guests, associates, the environment and communities 

is an important part of our company culture and is integrated into how we do 

business. The Group applies the following principles to the work we do in building a 

sustainable business that deliver long-term value and growth to all our stakeholders. 

Guiding Principles: 

1. Responsible Business: Conduct business in a manner that is honest, 

transparent, environmentally responsive and ethical. 

 

2. Integrity: Embed integrity into our decisions so as to align with our strategic goals 

and benefit our stakeholders and the environment. 

 

3. Equality and Respect: Conduct business with ethical conduct, which support 

equality and respect. 

 

4. Focus on our People: Provide our people with opportunities to succeed, grow 

and give back to their communities. 

 

5. Innovation: Use dynamic thinking and innovative technology to enhance the 

memorable experience, while adapting and responding to the changing market 

and global environmental issues. 

 

6. Resource Efficiency: Minimize the negative impact of our operations. 

 

7. Sustainable Growth: Grow our operations in a sustainable manner that benefit 

the environment for years to come. 

 

Guiding Principles: 

 

1. Responsible Business: Conduct business in 

a manner that is honest, transparent, 

environmentally responsive and ethical. 

 

2. Integrity: Embed integrity into our decisions 

so as to align with our strategic goals and 

benefit our stakeholders and the environment. 

 

3. Equality and Respect: Conduct business 

with ethical conduct, which support equality 

and respect. 

 

4. Focus on our People: Provide our people 

with opportunities to succeed, grow and give 

back to their communities. 

 

 

5. Innovation: Use dynamic thinking and 

innovative technology to enhance the 

memorable experience, while adapting and 

responding to the changing market and global 

environmental issues. 

 

6. Resource Efficiency: Minimize the negative 

impact of our operations. 

 

7. Sustainable Growth: Grow our operations in 

a sustainable manner that benefit the 

environment for years to come. 

 





7 






 

 

 

 

 

 

 







 CUSTOMER PRIVACY 

 

 

We respect our guests’ privacy and is committed to treat our guests’ personal 

information safely, respectfully and fairly based on the following principles: 

    Guiding Principles: 

 

    Transparent collection and choice 

• We will try to explain what personal information is to be 

collected and give a choice when appropriate. 

    Don't collect more than we need 

• We only collect personal information that is essential for 

us to serve the guest and if the law requires us to do so. 

    Use of data 

• We will try to explain what we use the personal 

information for. 



     Limited sharing of data 

• We only share personal information with authorized third parties, we provide them 

with only the necessary information for them to complete their functions so that we 

may deliver or fulfil a service to the guest; except for cases where we are required or 

authorised by law. 

 

• We do not sell personal information to third parties. 

 





     Security 

• We take reasonable precautions to protect the security of 

the data collected. These include the security of the 

information stored on computers or in offices or archives 

and to prevent unauthorised access, modification, use or 

disclosure, and back-up systems to prevent accidental or 

malicious loss of data or information. 

 

• Target to have no data breach. 

8 

    How to address concerns 

• We provide an avenue where the guest can write to us 

to address concerns over personal information 

collected. 

 

 

 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





 



ENVIRONMENT 

 

 

The Group is committed to environmental protection and sustainability. We strive to 

minimize our properties’ operational impact on the environment through resource 

conservation and best practices.  

 

In delivering this commitment, our goals are to: 

• Educate and inspire our guests and associates to 

conserve and preserve. 

 

• Work diligently to minimize our waste stream and 

conserve natural resources, particularly through 

energy and water conservation, minimize usage of 

single-use plastics and recycle waste. 

 

• Address environmental challenges through energy 

and water conservation best practices. 

 

 

 



 

• Value the natural and cultural heritage of our 

properties, allowing us to give our guests an 

authentically local experience. 

 

• Comply with all applicable environmental legislation 

and strive to follow best environmental practices. 

 

• Make environmental considerations an important 

aspect of decision-making. 

 

• Consider the opinions and feedback of our guests 

when examining our environmental programs and 

procedures. 

 

 

 







9 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

• Targets: 

 

1. To reduce energy and water consumption by up 

to 5% by 2022 for each occupied room/day 

basis. 

 

2. Not to offer plastic straws, not to use single-use 

plastic stirrers, cutlery, cups, bowls and plates 

(unless guests specifically ask for them) at the 

restaurant, bar and rooms. 

 

3. Recycle waste to reduce total waste-to-landfill by 

sorting waste into recyclables and non-

recyclables. 

 

 

 

 



ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY: 

Responsible management of natural resources in our hotel operations is a part of our 

business. With the changing climate and increased stresses on natural capital and 

resources, an ever-growing number of guests, associates and stakeholders want to 

be informed about and engaged in our efforts to operate our hotel more sustainably. 

 

ENERGY 

We work to reduce energy intensity at our hotel 

through identifying and implementing best practices 

at the property level; besides using energy efficient 

lighting and equipment, we are committed to making 

our properties as energy efficient as possible.  

 

 









10 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Examples of Energy Conservation Practices: 

• Use low energy light bulbs, such as florescent and 

LED, wherever possible. These bulbs use up to 80 

percent less energy than incandescent light bulbs. 

 

• During room cleaning and turnover, open curtains 

whenever possible to let sunlight in the rooms during 

the cleaning work, so that a lamp should be lit only in 

dark areas, such as a bathroom. 

 

• Keep windows closed and curtain drawn. The ingress 

of hot air during the summer and cold air during the 

winter contribute to significant waste of energy. 

 

• Turn off room’s lights, appliances, aircon, heaters, 

etc. when not physically occupied. 

 





• Educate guests and staff to turn off lights and appliances 

when not in use in rooms and public areas. 

 

• Front Desk staff book rooms in clusters, so that only 

occupied building areas or wings need to be heated or 

cooled. Rooms on top floors, at building corners, and 

facing west (in summer) or north (in winter) can be the 

most energy-intensive to heat or cool; therefore, consider 

renting them last. 

 

• During lower occupancy period, try to block complete floor. 

If this is not practical, attempt should be made to block 

total wings of each floor. 

 

• Lobby main entrance doors are not to be kept opened 

unduly. A door opening will result in ingress of hot air 

during the summer and cold air during the winter, thus 

contributing to significant waste of energy. 

 

 





11 




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



WATER 

In the pursuit of water conservation at our hotel, we have identified and implemented 

best practices to enhance the efficient use of water at the hotel we manage; besides 

using low-flow faucet and toilet fixtures, etc. to reduce water usage. 

 

 Examples of Water Conservation Practices: 

• Ensure that staff are trained to know how to prevent 

excessive water usage while cleaning. For instance, 

they should know how many times they should flush 

the toilet, to mop rather than hose the floor, not to 

leave the taps running when carrying out cleaning. 

 

• Use of low flow shower heads. These provide a 

good quality shower experience while using only 10 

litres per minute. 

 

• Use of low flow faucets. These typically have a 

maximum flow of 4 to 6 litres per minute. 

 

• Use of low flow toilets. These toilets can use up to 

80 percent less water than conventional toilets. 





• Implementation of re-use of linen/towel program 

where guests are informed that we will not change 

linens or towels daily unless they request the 

service. 

 

• Routinely check for leaks and fixing them in a timely 

manner. 

 

• Pre-soaking utensils and dishes before washing. 

 

• Wash vegetables and fruits in a sink of water rather 

than using running water to rinse. 

 





12 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



WASTE 

We work to reduce waste intensity at our hotel through identifying and implementing 

best practices at the property level. 

 a. We understand plastics accumulating in our oceans 

and on our beaches have become a global crisis. 

Billions of pounds of plastics can be found in swirling 

convergences that make up about 40 percent of the 

world's ocean surfaces. At current rates plastics are 

expected to outweigh all the fish in the sea by 2050. 

 

In joining the global fight against plastics use, we 

have committed to the following as part of our 

continuous journey to undertake sustainable practices 

to reduce plastic waste: 

 

• use dispensers for soaps and shampoos in 

bathrooms. 

 

• not to offer plastic straws, not to use single-use 

plastic stirrers, cutlery, cups, bowls and plates 

(unless guests specifically ask for them) at the 

restaurant, bar and rooms. 

 

 









b. The rise in waste will reach 3.4 billion tons by 2050 from 

around 2 billion tons in 2016, with more than a third of waste 

globally ending up in landfill. A booming waste burden could 

also contribute to climate change impact, with the treatment 

and disposal of current waste levels generating around 5 

percent of carbon emissions. 

We have committed to the following as part of our continuous 

journey to undertake sustainable practices to manage waste to 

reduce total waste-to-landfill: 

• having recycling bins in common and/or public areas 

 

• sort waste into recyclables and non-recyclables 

 

13 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 







 GUEST EXPERIENCE 

 

 

We aspire to create a memorable experience for our guests as it will enhance 

our brand loyalty and with positive guest experience, it shall resonate far beyond 

the duration of their stay. 

 

Guiding Principles: 

Friendly and Courteous 

• Friendly and courteous service assures guests that 

they can relax and enjoy their stay, and makes guests 

feel appreciated and encouraged to return. 

 

Knowledgeable 

• Guests often request information about specific items, 

hotel staff who are knowledgeable can provide the 

help they need. 

 

Knowing your Guest 

• Guest experience improves when you know your 

guest. Knowing the needs of the guest, and to deliver 

consistently and efficiently on those needs can create 

overwhelming guest experience and loyalty. 

 

 

 





Consistent and Efficient 

• Consistent and efficient service will make guest feels 

at ease and assure a positive experience. 

 

Communication 

• The art of communication consists of providing just the 

right amount of information exactly when it is needed. 

 

Trust 

• A state of trust must be established between the hotel 

staff and the guest. A bond of trust is central to return 

business. 

 

 



14 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Exceed Expectation 

• A returning guest expect the same or better level of service each time they visit. 

The best service is constantly improving service. 

Address Guest Complaints Promptly 

• Service recovery is the last line of defence to the service to the guest. By 

addressing complaints promptly, it could make the difference between a positive 

and negative guest experience.  





We are committed to treat all feedback as important to 

us and we shall analyse feedback, guest satisfaction 

data and other relevant data to guide future decisions at 

our property and consider the improvements we could 

make in the future based on these data; this is to enable 

us to make the best decisions and use our resources 

productively so as to show our guests that we genuinely 

value their inputs. 

 

• Target to analyse 100% of guest feedback. 

 

• Target to achieve an average guest satisfaction 

score of at least 70%. 

 





15 

To ensure continuous improvement in providing 

excellent service to our guests, we make it a point 

to connect with our guests on a personal level and 

pay close attention to our guest feedback and 

guest satisfaction data. We obtain feedback and 

satisfaction data from guests in numerous ways: 

• feedback and satisfaction questionnaires 

 

• email 

 

• verbal communication 

 

 

 

 

 

 




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





 CODE OF CONDUCT 

 

 

At the Group, our values and principles define who we are and how we do 

business. We believe that acting responsibly, ethically, with integrity, honesty and 

fairness are important elements in conducting our business. The Code of Conduct 

sets out the guiding principles for business conduct expected from all our 

employees. 

 Guiding Principles: 

Employees Responsibility 

All employees shall comply with the Group’s 

Code of Conduct, policies and processes; abide 

with applicable laws and regulations.  

 

 

Bribery, Illegal Commissions and Gifts 

It is an offence for any employee to solicit 

money, loan, fee, reward, gift and any favour 

(collectively referred to as “Personal Advantage”) 

from guests, partners, suppliers or any person in 

connection with the Group’s business. 

 

 

 

 

 





 

 

Loans 

An employee or his/her immediate 

family should not accept, offer or be a 

guarantee for a loan to, or accept a 

loan from any person or company 

having business dealings with the 

Group, except for normal loans from 

banks or financial institutions made at 

the prevailing interest rates and terms. 







16 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Use of Proprietary Information 

Employees are not allowed at any time to 

disclose any proprietary information to a third 

party without permission. Such information 

may relate to the Group's operations including 

strategies, sales and marketing plans, new 

products/services, financial information, 

clientele database, copyrighted materials, etc. 

It is the responsibility of each employee who 

has access to or is in control of such 

proprietary information to provide adequate 

safeguards to prevent its abuse or misuse. 

Examples of misuse include use or disclosure 

of information in return for monetary rewards, 

for personal interest and/or to act against the 

Group’s interest. 

 





 

 



Insider Trading 

It is illegal, unethical and strictly prohibited 

for employees to make use of insider 

information, which has not been made 

public, to secure Personal Advantage at the 

expense of the Group. 

 

Misuse of Company Assets and Resources 

The appropriation of the Group’s properties, 

including finished/unfinished goods, by 

employees for personal use or gain is a 

crime of theft; the culprit liable for dismissal 

and prosecution. 

 

 

 

 





17 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





 

Handling Conflict of Interest Situations 

'Conflict of interest' situations arise when 

the employees’ personal interests 

compete or conflict with the Group’s 

interests. Employees should take it as 

his/her personal responsibility to avoid 

engaging in situations that may lead to or 

involve conflict of interest when dealing 

with customers, suppliers, contractors 

and colleagues, etc. 

 

 

 



18 



Workplace Harassment, Abuse &amp; Violence 

The Group will not tolerate workplace 

harassment, abuse and violence of any kind. 

These include unwanted sexual advances, 

sexual innuendoes, threats, bullying, ridicule, 

etc. 

 

Outside Employment 

Employees should not take up concurrent 

employment, either part-time/regularly or on 

a consulting basis, without the prior written 

approval from the Human Resources 

department. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 









Protecting the Environment 

Protection of the environment is a top priority 

for the Group. Responsible environmental 

activities are good for both our business and 

the communities we serve. The Group is 

committed to complying with all applicable 

environmental laws, regulations and 

guidelines where we do business. All 

employees are to properly handle, store and 

dispose of all materials and wastes in 

accordance to applicable environmental 

laws, regulations and guidelines.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

19 

 

Reporting of Violations 

Employees are responsible to promptly report 

any observed or suspected violations of the 

Code of Conduct, policies and laws to the 

Manager of the Human Resources department. 

All reports shall be promptly and fairly 

investigated. 

 

We are committed to ensure all employees act 

responsibly, ethically, with integrity, honesty and 

fairness at all times as these are important 

elements in the way we conduct our business. 

• Target to have zero cases of employee 

soliciting Personal Advantage 

 

 

 

 

 

 






 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 









 PERFORMANCE 

 

 

In 2020: 

 

A. Environment: 

 

1. Electricity: The absolute energy consumption for the hotel operations totalled 

1,156,579 kWh; and the Energy intensity is a normalised measure of energy 

intensity per occupied room/day was 14.47 kWh. 

Energy Usage 

 

 

 

KPI 

Total Consumption 

(kWh) 

Per Occupied 

Room/day 

(kWh) 

Change from 

Previous Year        

(Per Occupied 

Room/day) 

2019 

1,214,081 

14.07 

+0.285% 

2020 

1,156,579 

14.47 

+2.843% 

 

* The increase in Per Occupied Room/day usage is related to having a more robust 

cleaning/disinfection standard during the COVID-19 pandemic. 

 

2. Water: The absolute water consumption for the hotel operations totalled 

13,210 cubic metres; and the Water intensity is a normalised measure of water 

consumption per occupied room/day was 0.307 cubic metres. 

Water Usage 

 

 

 

KPI 

Total Consumption 

(cubic metres) 

Per Occupied 

Room/day 

(cubic metres) 

Change from 

Previous Year        

(Per Occupied 

Room/day) 

2019 

19,710 

0.299 

+0.336% 

2020 

13,210 

0.307 

+2.675% 

 

* The increase in Per Occupied Room/day usage is related to having a more robust 

cleaning/disinfection standard during the COVID-19 pandemic. 

 

 





20 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



3.  Waste: In joining the global fight against 

plastics use, we have taken steps to reduce 

plastic waste and taken steps to recycle 

waste to reduce total waste-to-landfill as part 

of our waste management: 

 

• use dispensers for soaps and shampoos 

in bathrooms. 

 

• not to offer plastic straws, not to use 

single-use plastic stirrers, cutlery, cups, 

bowls and plates (unless guests 

specifically ask for them) at the restaurant, 

bar and rooms. 

 

• having recycling bins in common and/or 

public areas 

 

• sort waste into recyclables and non-

recyclables 

 

 

 









B. Customer Privacy: There was no 

reported cases of customer privacy 

breach. 

 

C. Guest Feedback: 100% of guest feedback 

were analysed. 

 

D. Guest Satisfaction Score: 82%. 

 

E. Employee soliciting Personal 

Advantage cases: Zero 

 

 

 





21 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





 FEEDBACK 

 

 

We hope you find this report informative, and we 

welcome your input and views: ir@ipc.com.sg 

 

IPC Corporation Ltd 

23 Tai Seng Drive, #06-00 

Singapore 535224 

www.ipc.com.sg 

 









 





22 

