
 

 

 

 

 




 

1 

 

Contents 

1. ISEC Healthcare Performance Highlights ............................................................................................ 2 

2. About ISEC Healthcare Ltd. ................................................................................................................. 2 

3. About the Report ................................................................................................................................ 3 

4. Board Statement ................................................................................................................................. 4 

5. Responding to COVID-19 ..................................................................................................................... 4 

5.1 Managing Impact of COVID-19 on the Business ........................................................................... 4 

5.2 Support to Stakeholders ............................................................................................................... 5 

6. Sustainability at ISEC Healthcare ........................................................................................................ 6 

6.1. Sustainability Governance ........................................................................................................... 6 

6.2. Stakeholder Engagement ............................................................................................................. 7 

6.3. Materiality Assessment .............................................................................................................. 10 

6.4. Contributing to the UN Sustainable Development Goals .......................................................... 11 

7. Social: Providing World-class Service to Our Patients ...................................................................... 15 

7.1. Excellent Service Quality ............................................................................................................ 15 

7.2. Supply Chains of ISEC KL, SSEC and ISEC Penang ....................................................................... 17 

8. Social: Developing a High-Performing Workforce ............................................................................ 17 

8.1. Employee Demographics ........................................................................................................... 17 

8.2. Training and Development......................................................................................................... 19 

8.3. Occupational Health and Safety ................................................................................................ 20 

9. Governance: Corporate Governance ................................................................................................ 24 

9.1. Enterprise Risk Management ..................................................................................................... 25 

9.2. Protection of Personal Data and Security of Information ......................................................... 25 

10. Environment: Caring for the Environment...................................................................................... 26 

10.1. Energy and Carbon Footprint ................................................................................................... 26 

10.2. Waste Management ................................................................................................................ 27 

11. GRI Content Index ........................................................................................................................... 29 

 


2 

 

1. ISEC Healthcare Performance Highlights 

As of 31 December 2020, 

 

2. About ISEC Healthcare Ltd.  

Listed on the Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX”), ISEC Healthcare 

Ltd. (“ISEC Healthcare” and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is an established regional 

provider of a comprehensive suite of medical eye care services with ambulatory surgical centres. Led 

by a team of specialist doctors, who are also opinion leaders in their respective sub-specialty fields, 

the Group provides patients with attentive and advanced treatments at its well-equipped eye centres 

that are fitted with state-of-the-art ophthalmic equipment and facilities. Besides investing in the latest 

medical technologies, its doctors undergo continuous professional development and medical 

education to offer patients the highest standards of ophthalmic care.   

Figure 1: Location of ISEC Healthcare Ltd. Clinics

 

* An eye-screening clinic within one of our GP clinic premises in Yew Tee was set up in early 2021.  

 








3 

 

In Malaysia, ISEC Kuala Lumpur (“ISEC KL”) was the first clinic in Southeast Asia and Far East region to 

receive the Joint Commission International (“JCI”) accreditation in 2009, which is recognised as the 

gold standard for healthcare quality and patient safety practices. ISEC KL has been maintaining its JCI 

accreditation since then.  

In Singapore, ISEC Eye Pte. Ltd. (“ISEC Eye”) provides specialist medical ophthalmology to Asia Pacific 

Eye Centre (formerly known as “Lee Hung Ming Eye Centre”) located at Gleneagles Hospital. In 2016, 

the Group expanded its healthcare services to include general medical services and aesthetics 

treatment services, with the acquisition of JLM Companies comprising four clinics located in the 

heartlands of Singapore. JLM Companies consist of JL Medical (Bukit Batok) Pte. Ltd., JL Medical 

(Sembawang) Pte. Ltd., JL Medical (Woodlands) Pte Ltd. and JL Medical (Yew Tee) Pte. Ltd.. The Group 

further expanded this business segment in 2018 with the acquisition of a 25.0% stake in I Medical &amp; 

Aesthetics Pte. Ltd. (“I Medical &amp; Aesthetics”), increasing its portfolio of general practitioner clinics 

from four to five.   

In 2019, the Group opened its first clinic in Yangon, Myanmar, through a joint venture agreement 

entered in May 2018 with three independent third parties, namely Next Tier International Company 

Limited (“Next Tier”), Daw Pyae Pyae Thein and Dr. Khin Khin Win (“Dr Win”) (collectively, the “JV 

Partners”). The clinic in Yangon operates and administers ophthalmology centres and provide medical 

consultations and services in Myanmar. In 2020, the Group expanded its market in Malaysia upon the 

acquisition of Indah Specialist Eye Centre Sdn. Bhd. on 27 February 2020. 

  

ISEC Healthcare remains keen to seek suitable opportunities in the markets in China, Indonesia and 

Vietnam, while expanding our existing operations in Singapore and Malaysia.  

 

3. About the Report  

ISEC Healthcare is pleased to present its annual Sustainability Report which has been prepared in 

accordance with SGX’s Sustainability Reporting Guideline and the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) 

Standards – “Core” option, the international sustainability reporting framework. GRI is widely adopted 

for sustainability reporting, enabling us to achieve comprehensive and comparable disclosure of 

environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) performance.  

This report discloses the sustainability performance of ISEC Healthcare for 1 January to 31 December 

2020 (“FY2020”), with FY2019 used for comparison for certain material matters where applicable. In 

FY2020, the Group included ISEC Penang into its reporting scope. ISEC Healthcare continues to 

enhance and stabilise its data collection systems while exploring the possibility to expand its reporting 

scope in subsequent reports.  

 

Table 1: Group entities scoped in since ISEC Healthcare’s inaugural Sustainability Report 

FY2017 

FY2018 

FY2019 

FY2020 

• 

ISEC KL  

 

• 

ISEC KL 

• 

ISEC KL  

• 

SSEC Malacca 

(“SSEC”) 

• 

ISEC KL  

• 

SSEC 

• 

ISEC Penang NEW 

 

 

 

 

 


4 

 

4. Board Statement 

 

ISEC Healthcare strives to operate and interact with stakeholders in a transparent and sustainable 

manner during this challenging period to manage the impact caused by the pandemic to the 

community. The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of ISEC Healthcare has delegated the responsibility 

of identifying, assessing and documenting material business risks including ESG risks to the 

Sustainability Steering Committee. Thereafter, material ESG factors would be validated by the Board. 

The Board maintains oversight on the management and monitoring of the material ESG factors at ISEC 

Healthcare.  

ISEC Healthcare strives to conduct its business in a responsible manner, so as to minimise its impacts 

on the environment and society at large. As we continue on the path towards sustainability, ISEC 

Healthcare maps its sustainability efforts towards the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals 

(“UN SDGs”) – in particular, Goal 3 (good health and well-being), Goal 8 (decent work and economic 

growth) and Goal 12 (responsible consumption and production), which are explained in detail later in 

this report.  

The COVID-19 pandemic brought about unprecedented challenges causing severe disruptions to the 

global economic activity. Despite seeing recovery and gradual resumption of businesses with 

adaptations with the new norm of practices, the outlook of the economy continues to be uncertain 

and challenging given the fluidity of the COVID-19 situation.  

During this period, ISEC Healthcare implemented stringent measures and protocols to safeguard 

health and wellbeing of employees, patients and visitors as well as contributing to the community 

where possible. As Malaysia is managing the third wave of COVID-19 hit as at the date of this report, 

the Group continues to monitor the situation closely and implement the necessary operational 

adjustments to ensure resilience of its businesses in Malaysia.  

 

5. Responding to COVID-19 

5.1 Managing Impact of COVID-19 on the Business  

ISEC Healthcare recognises the importance of updating its stakeholders on a timely basis if any 

significant impact to its operations and financial performance during the COVID-19 pandemic period. 

In April 2020, ISEC Healthcare disclosed the COVID-19 impact within its 2019 Annual Report, and some 

measures the Group had undertaken in response to the impact in its first quarter ended 31 March 

2020 results announcement. Since then, periodic updates on COVID-19 impact and measures taken 

were shared during 2019 Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) and in the quarterly results 

announcements. 

ISEC Healthcare’s operations in both Malaysia and Singapore, particularly the specialist health services 

segment were adversely affected by the travel restrictions and safe distancing measures imposed. 

ISEC Healthcare’s Malaysia operations saw a sharp and significant decline in revenue when the first 

Movement Control Order (“MCO”) was imposed by the Malaysian Government in March 2020. 

Subsequently in the same year during the period under the Conditional Movement Control Order 

(“CMCO”) and the Recovery Movement Control Order (“RMCO”), our sales saw recovery with careful 

and planned resumption of businesses.  

 

 


5 

 

5.2 Support to Stakeholders 

ISEC Healthcare has provided support and assistance to various stakeholder groups such as 

employees, patients and community to tide through the challenging period. The table below 

summarises some measures, assistance and support we have rendered as part of the community in 

response to the COVID-19 pandemic.  

Table 2: Measures, Support and Assistance in Response to COVID-19 Pandemic 

Our Patients  

• 

Stepped up on screening measures for incoming patients and visitors entering the clinics.  

• 

Introduced precautionary measures for patients and visitors, such as social distancing, crowd 

control whereby patients are encouraged to come alone, or limited to one accompanying 

caregiver for elderly, children or disabled patients. 

• 

Passed on promotional price of lenses that were offered by our suppliers to our patients. 

 

Our Employees  

Our Community  

• 

Established a Crisis Management Team and 

devised and implemented COVID-19 

Pandemic Mitigation Standard Operating 

Procedure (“COVID-19 Pandemic Mitigation 

SOP”) to safeguard the safety of our 

employees and workers. 

• 

Provided adequate Personal Protective 

Equipment (“PPE”) such as surgical masks, 

isolation gowns, latex gloves and hand 

sanitizers to employees. 

• 

Reimbursed medical expenses for employees 

seeking treatment at external clinics or 

hospitals for respiratory symptoms. 

• 

Observed compliance with COVID-19-related 

rules and regulations. 

• 

Donated 10,000 RT-PCR test kits to the 

Institute of Medical Research Malaysia, 

sponsored by the parent company, Aier 

Eye Hospital Group Co., Ltd. 

 

• 

Donated 20,000 CE-certified face masks 

to the Ministry of Health (Malaysia), for 

the frontliners in government hospitals.  

 

 

 

 

 








6 

 

6. Sustainability at ISEC Healthcare 

6.1. Sustainability Governance  

The Board provides oversight and strategic formulation to achieve ISEC Healthcare’s vision and 

mission. The Board comprises independent, executive, and non-executive and non-independent 

directors with core competencies in fields of medical, accounting and finance, and professional legal 

services. 

Since FY2017, the Sustainability Steering Committee (“SSC” or the “Committee”) has assisted the 

Board on overseeing the implementation of sustainability initiatives across ISEC Healthcare’s 

operations.  

The SSC comprises the Chief Executive Officer, Group Risk Officer and General Manager, Chief Finance 

Officer, as well as the various Heads of Departments (“HODs”). The SSC drives the sustainability 

initiatives, ensuring that they are being carried out across the relevant departments shown in Figure 

2. Data owners working alongside HODs will collate and report the sustainability performance to the 

SSC for review. This is then presented to the Board through the Sustainability Report. 

Figure 2: Sustainability Governance Structure 

 




7 

 

6.2. Stakeholder Engagement  

Effective stakeholder engagement is fundamental to understand each stakeholder’s interests and concerns. This understanding allows ISEC Healthcare to 

focus on the appropriate matters and allocate requisite resources to meet the respective stakeholders’ interests. At ISEC Healthcare, stakeholders’ interests 

are taken into account at every business decision. The Management has identified six groups of stakeholders that are key to our business operations. We 

have taken into consideration the developments resulted from the COVID-19 situation and updated our responses and engagement methods. Our approach 

towards stakeholder engagement is presented below. 

Table 3: Stakeholder Engagement 

Key 

Stakeholders 

Basis of identifying 

and selecting 

Engagement Methods 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Stakeholders’ Concerns 

COVID-19 related 

concerns 

ISEC Healthcare’s Response 

to Stakeholders’ Concerns 

Customers 

(i.e. Patients 

and Visitors) 

Customers’ 

satisfaction is the 

key to ISEC 

Healthcare’s 

business 

sustainability. 

• 

Customer 

feedback through 

feedback forms 

• 

Customer reviews 

through ISEC KL’s 

and SSEC’s 

Facebook 

• 

One-on-one 

meetings 

• Periodic 

• Ongoing  

• When required 

• 

Service quality 

• 

Duration of waiting 

time 

• 

Pricing of products 

and services  

• 

Treatment 

outcome 

• 

Delay in 

treatment and 

surgeries  

• 

Implementation of 

appointment and 

queue system 

• 

Competitive pricing 

• 

Pre-treatment 

counselling  

• 

Prompt communication 

with patients if re-

arrangement on 

appointments needed 

any postponement in 

surgeries / treatment 

Employees 

and Workers 

As a service 

provider, ISEC 

Healthcare’s staff 

are the key contact 

to customers and 

business partners. 

• 

Performance 

appraisal 

• 

Town hall 

meetings 

• 

Other ad-hoc 

meetings  

• Semi-annual 

• Periodic  

• When required 

• 

Career 

development 

• 

Remuneration  

• 

Work life balance  

 

• 

Job security 

• 

Safety 

protocols 

within ISEC 

clinics to 

prevent spread 

of COVID-19 

• 

Performance appraisals 

and reward system 

• 

Coaching and training 

• 

Regular communication 

between Heads of 

Departments and staff 

• 

No retrenchment 

exercise due to COVID-

19 

• 

Prompt communication 

of safety protocols to 

employees  


8 

 

Key 

Stakeholders 

Basis of identifying 

and selecting 

Engagement Methods 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Stakeholders’ Concerns 

COVID-19 related 

concerns 

ISEC Healthcare’s Response 

to Stakeholders’ Concerns 

Government 

 

Healthcare industry 

is highly regulated; 

therefore, 

understanding 

government’s 

requirements and 

ensuring compliance 

is imperative to 

maintain the 

Group’s clinics’ 

licenses to operate. 

• 

Consultation with 

authorities 

• 

Feedback on 

government’s 

policies and 

regulations 

• Periodic 

• Ongoing  

• 

Compliance to 

rules and 

regulations 

• 

Compliance to 

COVID-19 

specific rules 

and guidance 

(i.e safe 

management 

measures) 

• 

Monitor relevant 

regulatory 

developments 

• 

Ensure compliance to 

the regulatory 

requirements including 

new COVID-19 

regulations 

Local 

Communities 

ISEC Healthcare 

strives to raise 

awareness on eye 

health and 

contribute to local 

community’s 

development 

• 

Raising 

awareness 

through eye tests  

• 

Charity clinic 

• 

Educational talks 

and podcasts 

• 

Pro-bono 

teaching and 

training to 

optometrist 

students 

• 

Educational eye 

care/health 

videos through 

Facebook 

• Periodic 

• Ongoing  

• 

Public education 

on eye health 

• 

Affordable 

treatment for eye 

ailments 

• 

Maintain 

support 

towards 

community 

initiatives such 

as eye tests 

and awareness 

talks 

• 

Keep abreast of 

community interests in 

eye health 

• 

Facilitate interaction 

through online 

methods (i.e use of 

social media platforms) 

• 

Educational videos, 

covering topics relating 

to eye healthcare such 

as cataract, eye 

problems in children, 

glaucoma, diabetic and 

eye diseases and many 

more  


9 

 

Key 

Stakeholders 

Basis of identifying 

and selecting 

Engagement Methods 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Stakeholders’ Concerns 

COVID-19 related 

concerns 

ISEC Healthcare’s Response 

to Stakeholders’ Concerns 

Shareholders 

Shareholders are 

essentially the 

owners of ISEC 

Healthcare and 

therefore an 

important 

stakeholder group in 

ISEC Healthcare’s 

operations and 

decision-making. 

• 

Annual General 

Meeting  

• 

Financial results 

announcements 

• 

Virtual meetings 

(Face-to-face 

meetings were 

cancelled in 

FY2020)  

• Annual 

• Quarterly 

• When required 

• 

Financial 

performance 

• 

Business growth 

• 

Liquidity 

• 

Business 

resilience to 

the impact 

posed by 

COVID-19 

• 

Dedicated investor 

relations section on 

corporate website with 

access to annual 

reports and press 

releases 

• 

Announcements on 

SGXNet and corporate 

website 

• 

One-on-one or small 

group meetings with 

analysts and investors 

Suppliers 

Good working 

relationship with 

suppliers helps to 

ensure punctual 

supply and support 

at competitive 

prices 

• 

Regular meetings, 

phone calls and 

email 

correspondence 

with suppliers to 

provide feedback 

on quality of 

products and 

services 

• Periodic 

• When required 

• 

Continuation of 

business  

• 

Promotion of 

products 

• 

Feedback on 

products 

• 

Management 

of contractual 

obligations  

• 

Internal review of 

suppliers' deliverables 


10 

 

6.3. Materiality Assessment  

The process of establishing material ESG matters is important as it allows ISEC Healthcare to 

understand stakeholders’ interest, manage impacts as well as identify opportunities. It also forms the 

foundation for introduction of future sustainability efforts.  

ISEC Healthcare conducted its first materiality assessment in FY2017 to identify and prioritise its 

material ESG matters. The ESG matters are reviewed every year to ensure their continuing relevance 

to the business and its stakeholders, as well as aligning with the sustainability context of the 

healthcare industry. The results and materiality assessment process from FY2017 to FY2020 are shown 

in Figure 3. 

Figure 3: Materiality Assessment Process 

FY2017  

FY2018  to FY2020  

FY2017 

From FY2018 to FY2020 (annually) 

ISEC Healthcare conducted its inaugural 

formal materiality assessment.  

 

Seven ESG matters that were deemed 

material to the organisation and its 

stakeholders were identified and validated 

by the Board of Directors. 

The existing ESG matters were reviewed and 

assessed for its continued relevance to the 

business and its stakeholders, and in line with the 

sustainability context of the healthcare industry.  

 

In FY2020, the current emerging issues such as the 

COVID-19 pandemic was also considered in the 

review. No new factors were introduced as a result 

of such considerations and the existing ESG matters 

still remained relevant to our business and 

stakeholders.  

 

The ESG matters were subsequently presented to 

the Board of Directors for validation.  

The seven ESG matters identified are presented below in Figure 4. 

Figure 4: Results of Materiality Assessment  

 

 




11 

 

Table 4:  Mapping of ISEC Healthcare’s Material and Additional Matters to GRI Topic-Specific Disclosures 

 

Mapping of additional matters for reporting to GRI topics 

 

Additional Matters 

Definition 

GRI Topic-Specific 

Disclosures 

 

Waste Management  

Minimise waste generation through 

reduce, reuse and recycle (“3Rs”) 

efforts and safe disposal of biological 

waste. 

GRI 306 Effluents and 

Waste (306-2) 

 

Energy and Carbon 

Footprint 

Efficient use of energy to minimise 

carbon footprint arising from ISEC 

Healthcare's operations. 

GRI 302 Energy  

(302-1) 

 

6.4. Contributing to the UN Sustainable Development Goals  

The Sustainable Development Goals (“SDGs”), set in 2015 by the United Nations, calls for a collective 

global effort towards ending poverty, promoting prosperity and protecting the environment. These 

17 global goals cover a broad range of social, environmental, governance and social justice 

considerations. Businesses have been called upon to take charge as they play a vital role in each 

country’s progress towards achieving these goals.  

 

1 Unless otherwise stated, ISEC continues to report against GRI Standards 2016 topic-specific disclosures.  

 

Mapping ESG Matters for reporting to GRI topics 

 

ESG Matters 

Definition 

GRI Topic-Specific 

Disclosures1 

 

Excellent Service 

Quality 

Offer best-in-class and safe 

treatment to ISEC's patients, as 

evidenced by enhanced patient 

satisfaction and avoidance of 

patients' safety incidents. 

GRI 416 Customer Health 

and Safety (416-2) 

 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

Provide for and promote the health 

and safety of employees, as 

measured by avoidance of work-

related injuries, etc.  

GRI 403 Occupational 

Health and Safety 2018 

(403-9) 

 

Security of 

Information and 

Patient Privacy 

Maintain the confidentiality of 

patients' information including their 

personal information, medical 

records, etc. through robust IT and 

data protection systems. 

GRI 418 Customer 

Privacy (418-1) 

 

Training and 

Development 

Increase employees' competence 

through training and development 

programmes.  

GRI 404 Training and 

Development (404-3) 

 

Corporate Governance 

Manage business strategy, risk 

assessments and sustainability 

processes in order to build financial 

integrity, investor confidence and 

superior performance.  

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 

(205-3) 

GRI 307: Environmental 

Compliance (307-1) 

GRI 419: Socioeconomic 

Compliance (419-1)  



F 



G 



A 



B 



C 



D 



E 


12 

 

As a healthcare service provider, many of ISEC sustainability measures are inherently aligned with 

sustainable development goals; especially for SDG 3: Good Health and Well-Being, SDG 8: Decent Work 

and Economic Growth and SDG 12: Responsible Consumption and Production.  

Table 5: ISEC Healthcare’s Measures of Sustainability Development Goals 

 

 

 

 

Good Health and Well-Being 

Decent Work and Economic 

Growth 

Responsible Consumption and 

Production 

Ensure healthy lives and 

promote well-being for all at 

all ages 

Promote sustained, inclusive 

and sustainable economic 

growth, full and productive 

employment and decent work 

for all 

Ensure sustainable 

consumption and production 

patterns 

How is ISEC Healthcare working towards the goals  

Raising public awareness on 

good eye health and early 

detection through preventive 

treatment methods and eye 

health checks  

Decent work for employees 

and workers in a safe 

environment 

Standard Operating 

Procedures (“SOP”) on waste 

management were developed 

in strict accordance to 

government regulations 

Doctors’ participation in 

symposiums, clinical trials, 

development of eye care 

technology  

In-house certified trainers and 

external training for all  

Advocating 3R (“Reduce, 

Reuse and Recycle”) behaviour 

through bag-free Saturdays 

across various clinics 

Online talks, podcasts and 

virtual awareness topics such 

as paediatric ophthalmology, 

glaucoma and COVID-19-

related topics, available in 

English, Mandarin and 

Cantonese 

Provision of complimentary 

influenza vaccination for all 

employees 

Replacement of conventional 

light fittings to LED type 

 

Provided consultation to 

patients in Myanmar via tele-

consultation  

Performance-based 

promotions for suitable 

employees  

Relevant Material Matters  

 

Excellent Service Quality  

(Pg. 15-16) 

• 

Training and Development 

(Pg. 19-20)  

• 

Occupational Health and 

Safety (Pg. 20-23) 

• 

Energy and Carbon 

Footprint (Pg. 26-27) 

• 

Waste Management  

(Pg. 27-28) 

 

In contribution to SDG 3: Good Health and Well-Being, our clinics have been actively collaborating with 

industry partners such as Novartis Corporation (M) Sdn Bhd, Santen Pharma Malaysia Sdn Bhd and 

Allergan Malaysia Sdn Bhd in providing complimentary eye screening services in conjunction with 

World Sight Day since 2015 and Annual Glaucoma Day since 2010, except for 2020 when Malaysia was 










13 

 

hit by the pandemic. To overcome the safe distancing and travel restriction measures, our doctors had 

voluntarily developed educational videos to continue to share their expertise with the  community, 

covering topics relating to eye healthcare such as cataract, eye problems with children, glaucoma, 

diabetic eye disease and many more. Our doctors also regularly attend conferences and seminars, as 

speakers to share their expertise as part of our Group’s commitment to impart knowledge to fellow 

medical professionals, and to nurture medical students.  

 

Case Study 1: World Sight Day 2020  

Every year, ISEC KL, SSEC and ISEC Penang organise events on World Sight Day to raise public 

awareness of eye health and inculcate good eye habits like regular eye examinations to allow early 

detection and early treatments to prevent deterioration of existing conditions. Due to the outbreak 

of COVID-19 in FY2020, ISEC KL, SSEC and ISEC Penang have transited to virtual educational webinar 

this year to provide a public talk on numerous common and important eye diseases by ISEC’s 

ophthalmologists. Partnering with various sponsors in the eye heath industry, two webinars were 

conducted in FY2020, where our doctors and speakers shared insights on various eye health topics 

such as glaucoma, acute red eye, watery eyes to the treatment of lazy eye in young children. A total 

of 3,800 views were recorded across both sessions.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Left: Promotional poster for 

September’s World Sight Day 

2020 webinar  

Right: Promotional poster for 

October’s World Sight Day 

2020 webinar  




14 

 

Case study 3: Free Eye Screening on World Glaucoma Day 2020 

In conjunction with World Glaucoma Day on 13th March 2020, complimentary eye screening was provided 

to members of the public who were 40 years and above with a strong family history of glaucoma. They 

were welcomed to sign up for a free eye screening with ISEC’s ophthalmologists. A total of 95 patients 

were screened where 57 eye disorders were detected.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

Case study 2: Let’s Go Health Expo 2020 

Let’s Go Health Expo was held at Mid Valley Convention Centre in KL and aims raise public awareness 

on healthcare, including good eye habits. ISEC KL participated in the expo held on 11th January 2020. 

In collaboration with TRB Chemedica Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. (supplier), Dr David Woo from ISEC KL shared 

about common eye conditions and problems. ISEC KL also organised a booth for dry-eye screening.   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





 Left: Dry eye screening 

booth at Let’s Go 

Health Expo 

Right: Sharing by Dr 

David session on 

common eye problems  





Left: Poster for World Glaucoma Week 2020 at ISEC KL   

Middle and right: Eye screening at SSEC during World Glaucoma Week   




15 

 

7. Social: Providing World-class Service to Our Patients 

 

 

7.1. Excellent Service Quality 

As a one-stop speciality medical eye care service provider, ISEC Healthcare remains committed to 

providing high-quality, world-class services, with integrity and compassion to the community. We have 

a team of high calibre and experienced ophthalmologists, possessing extensive knowledge through 

numerous clinical experiences in the trainings and past clinical appointments at renowned eye centres 

in Singapore, Australia, India, United Kingdom and the United States. 

Dedicated personnel at each of the clinics are appointed to oversee the Patient Complaint, Grievance 

and Feedback Procedure. It guides employees on the necessary steps to be taken in resolving  

grievances or complaints received from patients or next-of-kin in a timely, reasonable and consistent 

manner. Figure 5 outlines the key steps taken from the receipt of a complaint to the conclusion of the 

case.  

Figure 5: Patient Complaint, Grievance and Feedback Procedure 

 

Patient satisfaction surveys are conducted to obtain feedback. The survey forms are handed out to all 

patients during registration and collected at the cashier’s counter upon payment. The Patient 

Satisfaction Survey evaluates clinics’ performance from appointment scheduling, registration, clinic 

environment, professionalism of the medical staff and waiting time. Feedback is also collected through 

the respective clinic’s Facebook pages.   

In FY2020, a total of 222 (FY2019: 113) survey responses2 were recorded for ISEC KL and SSEC. 93% 

(FY2019: 89%) of patients rated overall service to be “Good” and above. On the topic of whether 

 

2 ISEC Penang received 50 verbal responses which most have rated the clinic’s performance as Good. As there 

were no physical survey forms handed out, this data was excluded from the statistics above. 






16 

 

respondents would recommend ISEC KL and SSEC to their friends and family, 98% (FY2019: 97%) of 

respondents indicated they would.  

Targets and Performance  

 

Focus Areas 

Perpetual Target 

FY2020 Performance  

Service Quality and Patient 

Satisfaction  

Uphold the service quality and 

achieve at least 90% of the patient 

satisfaction survey overall results at 

“Good” and above 

93% of patient 

satisfaction survey 

overall rated “Good” 

and above 

Customer Health and Safety  

Zero reportable cases of non-

compliance regarding health and 

safety impacts of products and 

services 

Achieved 

 

 

 

COVID-19 Highlight 1: Upholding Service Quality and Ensuring Safety for our Patients  

Under the guidance of the COVID-19 Pandemic Mitigation SOP, precautionary measures have been 

implemented to ensure safety of all patients and visitors within our premises as shown below: 

Mandatory tracking via 

‘MySejahtera’ App and 

temperature checks prior to 

entering ISEC clinics. 

Hand sanitisers are made readily 

available at triage counters and 

inside the clinics. 

Social distancing markers 

displayed across all clinics on 

the ground and in waiting 

areas. 

Crowd control measures 

where patients are 

encouraged to come alone, or 

limited to one accompanying 

caregiver for elderly patients, 

children or the disabled. 

 

Designated screening corner for 

patients with conjunctivitis3. 

Interactions between patients 

and anyone in the clinics 

including registration, pharmacy 

and payment are restricted. The 

corners are disinfected 

thoroughly after each patient.  

Plastic shields for protection 

while doctors performing 

lamp examination and eye 

treatments. 

 

 

 

 

 

 Besides safeguarding patients’ health and wellbeing, the clinics also work with various suppliers to 

pass on promotional price of lenses to patients. 

 

3 Conjunctivitis or more commonly known as pink eye is an inflammation or infection of the transparent 

membrane. It can be spread through hand-to-eye contact by hands or objects that are contaminated with the 

infectious virus. 

 








17 

 

7.2. Supply Chains of ISEC KL, SSEC and ISEC Penang 

In FY2020, supply chain of the three clinics comprised over 300 suppliers including those providing 

medical supplies such as lenses, consumables, medical equipment, medications and laboratory 

services to the three clinics. We also engage third-party cleaners4 in ISEC KL and ISEC Penang. Licensed 

waste management contractors were engaged across all three clinics for medical waste disposal. 99% 

of our suppliers are based locally. 

Suppliers continue to be screened and assessed against stringent criteria. Product certifications and 

quality assurance encompass passing the performance tests and quality assurance tests with the 

authorised parties (such as Scientific and Industrial Research Institute of Malaysia and International 

Organisation for Standardisation). All medications are also required to be registered with Malaysia’s 

Ministry of Health. 

Regular suppliers and annual service providers undergo an annual evaluation based on quality, 

communication, timeliness of delivery and support provided. An Approved Vendor List (“AVL”) is 

maintained and regularly updated based on the results of the screening and annual evaluation. Should 

there be any lapses in quality, suppliers may face immediate termination. Additionally, the three 

clinics organise joint activities with suppliers as part of our efforts to contribute to the community, like 

conducting free eye screening tests, eye-health awareness talks and campaigns.  

There were no disruptions to the clinics’ supply chains arising from the COVID-19 situation. Earlier in 

the year, the clinics took steps to ensure medical supplies such as surgical masks, isolation gowns, 

latex gloves and hand sanitisers were well stocked prior to the COVID-19 outbreak in Malaysia. The 

Group continues to monitor existing supplies of personal protection equipment (“PPE”) for its 

employees and ensures continuance of supply with a pool of alternative suppliers. 

 

8. Social: Developing a High-Performing Workforce 

 

8.1. Employee Demographics 

Employees are core to every business, essential to ensure the Group continues delivering excellent 

service quality and maintaining market leadership in private ophthalmology. As such, ISEC Healthcare 

strives to attract and retain highly qualified and experienced specialist doctors, management, clinical 

staff and infrastructure support staff.  

In FY2019 and FY2020, employment numbers for the three clinics remained relatively constant with 

majority of employees holding permanent and full-time positions. In FY2020, there were a total of 49 

workers5 employed for general cleaning services, waste disposal and medical equipment maintenance 

at ISEC KL, SSEC and ISEC Penang. The breakdown of employees by gender, employment contract, type 

and category are shown in Figure 6. 

 

 

4 SSEC has a full time cleaner to carry out daily cleaning job.  

5 Workers refer to non-employees excluded from total employee count as they work on ad-hoc basis. SSEC does 

not engage any such workers.   




18 

 

Figure 6: Breakdown of Employee by Gender and Employment Category6 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

6 FY2019 employees’ data was restated to include number of employees from Penang for comparison purpose. 

Visiting doctors who are on annual service contract are not considered as employees of ISEC Healthcare.   

13%

9%

6%

72%

FY2019

(182 employees)

Doctor

Manager/ General Manager

Executive (HOD)

Non-executive

Employment Contract  

FY2019 

FY2020 

Male  

Female 

Male  

Female 

Permanent 

36 

141 

32 

139 

Temporary  

1 

4 

1 

5 

Employment Type 

FY2019 

FY2020 

Male  

Female 

Male  

Female 

Full-Time 

37 

144 

33 

140 

Part-Time 

0 

1 

0 

4 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

13%

11%

6%

70%

FY2020

(177 employees)

19%

81%

FY2020

(177 employees)

20%

80%

FY2019

(182 employees)

Male

Female


19 

 

During the COVID-19 outbreak, ISEC Healthcare ensured the job security of our employees. There has 

not been any restructuring or retrenchment exercises during the year.  

 

8.2. Training and Development  

ISEC Healthcare strives to equip our employees with adequate training, cultivating a culture of 

continuous learning and development. With a high-performing and motivated workforce, employees 

can better adapt to the changing market, which allows ISEC Healthcare to remain relevant in the 

competitive medical industry.  

The Human Resource (“HR”) department at ISEC KL is responsible for overseeing the learning and 

development programmes for staff across all three clinics and assists its medical staff to fulfil 

Continuous Professional Development (“CPD”) requirements for renewal of their respective licenses 

under the respective Medical Regulations 2017 for doctors and Provisions in the Nursing Act 2015 for 

nurses. In light of the disruptions caused by the pandemic in FY2020, doctors and medical staff were 

exempted from fulfilling the CPD requirements by the respective medical associations overseeing 

continuing licensing of medical staff.  

Throughout the year, the HR department organised various training programmes, on-the-job trainings 

and other career counselling activities. To encourage continuous and proactive learning, a ‘Training 

Needs Identification’ form is made available to employees for which requests can be made to enrol 

themselves into specific courses relevant to their job scopes.  

Table 6: Types of Training Programmes 

Types of Training 

Programmes  

Examples 

Technical (medical-

related) 

• 

Advanced 

Technology 

Intraocular 

Lens 

(ATIOL) 

Healthcare 

Professional Workshop  

• 

I-Stent (Dry Lab) Workshop 

• 

Verion Workshop 

• 

Retina Cryopexy Workshop 

• 

Sterrad Velocity Biological Indicator System Workshop 

Technical (non-

medical related) 

• 

Microsoft Excel Functions &amp; Formula  

• 

Mastering Accounting  

• 

Technical updates 

Soft skills  

• 

Customer Service  

• 

Time Management  

• 

Communication 

• 

Coaching  

Onboarding   

• 

Two-day General Induction program and On-The-Job Training by 

respective department heads at ISEC KL  

• 

One-day Induction programme for new employees and subsequent 

job trainings by respective HODs at SSEC and Penang  

 

Prior to the COVID-19 outbreak, our doctors hold regular Continuous Medical Education (“CME”) talks 

for employees, covering various topics on eye diseases and treatment methods. Three CME talks were 

held during the first quarter of the year, covering topics on glaucoma and ptosis. During the same 

period, over 70 students from SEGI University, Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia, UCSI University and 

Griffith University participated in clinical attachments. Since the outbreak, we have cancelled all 


20 

 

clinical attachments as well as the CME talks scheduled. Likewise, various seminars, participation in 

clinical trials, teaching activities and clinical attachments were paused. ISEC Healthcare continues to 

monitor the situation and consider reintroducing these programmes when the situation allows.  

100% of employees across the three clinics went through the annual performance appraisal in FY2020. 

Results from the evaluation were used to facilitate discussions, highlighting strengths and areas for 

improvement. These will help in employees’ development plans for the forthcoming year as well as 

explore relevant future training programmes.  

Figure 7: ISEC Healthcare’s Approach to Performance Management and Appraisal  

 

 

Targets and Performance 

Focus area  

Perpetual target 

FY2020 Performance  

Training and Development   

 

Continue with full appraisal and 

performance review  

Achieved 

 

100% of employees from 

both clinics received 

annual performance 

review from their 

supervisors. 

 

 

8.3. Occupational Health and Safety  

 

Occupational health and safety is a top priority at ISEC Healthcare. All the three clinics have 

implemented the required Health and Safety polices which are in compliance with the Ministry of 

Health and Infection Control Precautions and Occupational Safety &amp; Health Act 1994, as detailed in 

Table 7. Besides, amid the COVID-19 outbreak, additional safety protocols and the COVID-19 Pandemic 

Mitigation SOP have been implemented to ensure that ISEC continues to provide and maintain a safe 






21 

 

environment for all employees, patients and visitors. Please refer to COVID-19 Highlight 2 below in 

the report for more details. 

Table 7: List of Occupational Health and Safety Policy  

Facility 

Management and 

Safety (“FMS”) 

Policy 

Facility and 

Environment 

Inspection 

Policy 

Emergency Plan  

Fire Safety 

Policy  

Personal 

Protection 

Equipment 

(“PPE”) policy 

This policy comprises 

guidelines on proper 

facility management 

and safe practices 

which includes 

handling and 

disposal of clinical 

waste, measures to 

enhance physical 

security of buildings 

and conducting 

facility inspections.  

 

Employees are 

required to report 

any unsafe acts, 

conditions as well as 

occupational 

injuries.   

This policy 

provides 

guidelines on 

ensuring safety 

of patients, 

their families, 

staff and 

visitors. It also 

covers facility 

inspection on 

entrances and 

exits; cleanings; 

Common 

Electrical Safety 

Measurement 

and Medical 

gases storage. 

This policy 

outlines the 

actions to be 

taken in the 

event of 

emergencies 

such as 

unpredicted 

power supply, 

natural 

disasters and 

internal 

disasters such 

as building 

structural 

collapse, 

explosion, fire, 

floods, chemical 

spills and bomb 

threat. 

This policy 

outlines the 

roles and 

responsibilities 

of 

Management 

and employees 

in line with 

best fire safety 

practices. This 

is to secure the 

safety and 

wellbeing of 

everyone 

within ISEC 

Healthcare. 

This policy applies 

to all staff on the 

use of PPE as part 

of standard and 

transmission-

based 

precautions, what 

PPE is available, 

where to access it, 

as well as to 

ensure staff 

understand how 

to safely put on 

and remove PPE. 

All OHS related policies and procedures are documented and accessible by all employees via ISEC 

Healthcare’s intranet. 

 

 

Case Study 4: Adhering to the rigorous standards of JCI – Ambulatory Care Program  

Since 2009, ISEC KL clinic has attained and maintained its Joint Commission International (“JCI”) 

accreditation in Ambulatory Care. The Standards guides us on implementing relevant policies and 

practices in areas of patient care as well as healthcare management within the organisation. 

It starts from the preparation of a hazard identification and risk assessment. This helps to identify and 

reduce unanticipated events as well as other healthcare associated risks to patients and staff. One of 

the most common type of risk identified is infection risk, arising from contact with patients and 

through use of medical equipment. From here, mitigation actions on the processes associated with 

infection risk would be developed and documented as SOPs. These set of SOPs would then be 

communicated and made available to all employees.  

Of the five policies detailed in Table 7, the FMS policy, Emergency Plan and Fire Safety Policy were 

developed in accordance to these Standards and subsequently rolled out across the Group.  

 

 


22 

 

Across the three clinics, an incident reporting channel is made available to all employees and staff to 

report any safety incidents. Upon receiving the report, the relevant departments would reach out to 

assist with the resolution of the incident. Thereafter, corrective actions would be implemented to 

prevent recurrence. This year, we recorded two needle prick incidents. As these were minor (i.e does 

not cause an infection), we have reminded medical staff to exercise caution while on duty, keeping 

needle prick risks to a minimum.  

Figure 8: Elements of Infection Control 

 

All new employees will have to undergo a mandatory induction training which covers our OHS policies 

and SOPs relevant to their job scope. One of the topics covered at the induction training, 8 Elements 

of Infection Control is detailed in Figure 8 above. Additionally, specific trainings are also provided to 

employees administering cytotoxic drugs such as mitomycin, for which they are taught on safe 

handling of cytotoxic drugs and managing spills. This set of SOPs follow the Guidelines on Chemical 

Management in Health Care Facilities by the Ministry of Health Malaysia.  

Initiatives aimed at improving health and wellbeing of our employees were also organised. Through 

staff gatherings, fitness sessions and health talks, employees are reminded to adopt a healthy lifestyle. 

However, all activities have been put on hold amid the COVID-19 outbreak during the year.  

Table 8: Occupational Health and Safety practices 

Practices to Ensure Occupational Health and Safety  

 

Emergency 

preparedness  

• Participate in annual fire drills held by landlord at ISEC KL, 

with the exception of FY2020 due to the COVID-19 

pandemic.  

 

Routine 

checks and 

inspections  

• Yearly air particle checks in Operating Theatres across all 

three clinics 

• Annual water sampling test for tap water and water 

dispenser at ISEC KL 

 

Employee 

wellbeing  

• Free influenza vaccination for employees at ISEC KL and SSEC 

• Regular employee engagement to promote staff health and 

wellbeing at ISEC KL, SSEC and ISEC Penang 

 

Audits   

• Audits are conducted once every two years by Ministry of 

Health for renewal of medical certification. 

 

Employee 

Health 

Promotion  

• Health insurance provided for employees across three clinics 

• Reimbursement of medical fees for employees seeking 

treatment for respiratory infections during the COVID-19 

period 

 











8 Elements of Infection Control    

 

Hand Hygiene 

Selection and Use of Appropriate PPE 

Respiratory Etiquette 

Management of Care Equipment 

Management of Sharps 

Safe Management of Linen 

Safe Waste Management 

Control of Environment 

 










23 

 

Targets and Performance 

Focus area  

Perpetual target 

FY2020 Performance  

Occurrences of work-related 

safety incidents  

Zero cases of work-related injuries, 

accidents and fatalities 

Achieved 

Zero needle prick incidents  

Not Achieved: 

Two needle prick 

incidents 

 

To keep abreast with the latest developments in the GRI Standards, we have transitioned into the 

revised GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018 standards. In both FY2019 and 2020, there were 

zero cases of work-related fatalities and high-consequence 7  injuries of the 409,247 manhours 

(FY2019: 417,361 hours) worked by our employees across the three clinics. Likewise, the same was 

observed for our non-employees8 of the 13,521 manhours (FY2019: 12,998 hours) worked. 

 

COVID-19 Highlight 2: Safeguarding health and safety of our employees 

In response to COVID-19, a dedicated Crisis Management team for COVID-19 was established, 

comprising ISEC Healthcare’s CEO and the representatives from various functions such as Patient 

Clinic, Operation Theatre, Daycare/Aesthetic, Optometry, Registration, Pharmacy, Cashier and Human 

Resources.   

Under the guidance of COVID-19 Pandemic Mitigation SOP, all employees and healthcare workers are 

provided with adequate PPE such as surgical masks, isolation gowns, latex gloves and hand sanitisers. 

Different types of PPEs are recommended to the workers according to their nature of work and 

activities. 

To ensure workplace health and safety, any employees experiencing a fever, cough, sore throat and 

flu or whose family member display symptoms, such as loss of sense of smell or taste would be 

required to stay at home. An infection control management was also set up to prevent potential high-

risk exposure of healthcare workers and COVID-19 infection within the clinical environment. Prior to 

any surgeries which require general anaesthesia, a COVID-19 Ag test is required for patients. For 

employees who have completed their self-quarantine after having travelled to or from high risk areas 

and developed symptoms mandatory test will also be conducted prior to their return to ISEC clinics.  

During the MCO, employees in each of the three clinics were split into two teams to ensure business 

continuity and limit exposures.  

 

 

7 High-consequence work-related injury refers to work-related injury that results in a fatality or in an injury from 

which the worker cannot, does not, or is not expected to recover fully to pre-injury health status within six 

months.  

8 Non-employee workers include all workers who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is 

controlled by the organisation. This also includes workers who are not employees and whose work and 

workplace are not controlled by the organization, but the organization’s operations, products or services are 

directly linked to significant occupational health and safety impacts on those workers by its business 

relationships. Examples include third-party cleaners, security guards and contractors.  


24 

 

9. Governance: Corporate Governance  

Stakeholders place their trust in an organisation to conduct its business responsibly to achieve long-

term and stable growth. Effective corporate governance is vital in managing the risks and 

opportunities faced by the organisation. Under the stewardship of the Board, the corporate 

governance framework serves to guide the Group in conducting businesses responsibly and to steer 

away from any potential improprieties while enhancing our reputation and credibility to all 

stakeholders. ISEC Healthcare has a suite of policies which guide all employees on appropriate 

business conduct. These include Policy for Securities Trading, Policy for Interested Persons Transaction 

as well as the Whistleblowing Policy.   

Figure 9: ISEC Healthcare’s Vision, Mission and Values 

 

 

The onset of COVID-19 pandemic calls for the need for an effective board governance and providing 

an oversight over unprecedented events. In Singapore where the pandemic is largely under control, 

there remains a possibility of community spread and clusters as the country cautiously opens up its 

borders to enable economic activity to resume. In Malaysia, the situation remains fluid as the number 

of cases increased since December 2020, which had forced the country back into MCO since January 

2021. Additionally, the King declared Malaysia’s state of emergency on 12 January 2021, which will 

last until 1 August 2021 or earlier, depending on the COVID-19 situation in the country. The clinics in 

both Singapore and Malaysia are not expected to return to pre-COVID-19 levels soon and the Board 

has taken proactive steps to manage the situation. The Group will monitor the evolving COVID-19 

situations in Singapore and Malaysia closely and make the necessary operational adjustments. 

In Myanmar, the country declared a state of emergency on 1 February 2021 for a year for political 

reasons. We are closely monitoring the situation there with careful operations. 

For more details on our Corporate Governance principles and practices, please refer to ISEC 

Healthcare’s 2020 Annual Report, “Report on Corporate Governance” section.  




25 

 

Targets and Performance  

Focus area  

Perpetual target 

FY2020 Performance  

Corporate Governance and 

Regulatory Compliance  

Zero reportable cases of non-

compliance in relation to the Code of 

Corporate Governance practices (on a 

comply-or-explain basis), as well as 

other regulatory requirements 

Achieved 

 

To the best of our 

knowledge, we are 

not aware of any non-

compliance with the 

Code of Corporate 

Governance 2018 in 

FY2020. 

 

9.1. Enterprise Risk Management  

Effective risk management is fundamental for ISEC 

Healthcare to achieve continued success in our business 

operations. ISEC Healthcare’s Risk Governance and 

Internal Controls Framework Manual was designed to 

align risk governance and internal control framework 

with the strategic vision and objectives of the Group. 

The Management is required to adhere strictly to the 

various risk management policies set out in the manual. 

(Figure 10).  

As part of the annual risk management review, “Managing Pandemics” is categorised as one of the 

top 10 risks following the COVID-19 outbreak and the need to raise alert on the evolving situation.  

 

9.2. Protection of Personal Data and Security of Information 

There is a growing importance on the protection of 

personal data and security of information amid the 

advancements in technology. Coupled with the shift to 

remote working during the COVID-19 pandemic, ISEC 

Healthcare understands the need for IT systems to 

remain resilient against threats of cyber-attacks. The 

Group continues to maintain a robust IT framework 

which identifies relevant risks and implements the 

appropriate mitigation actions.   

Guided by the principles of Malaysia’s Personal Data 

Protection Act (“PDPA”), the Group has in place a PDPA 

policy which is applicable to employees across the 

three clinics.  

The designated Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) that is 

based in ISEC KL is responsible for ensuring compliance 

with the Group’s PDPA policy across all clinics in Malaysia. Any query or request from individuals in 

relation to ISEC’s data protection policies, practices or grievances regarding potential breaches can be 

filed through email to the DPO.  

- Code of Ethics 

- Risk Appetite and Risk Tolerance 

Guidance  

- Authority and Risk Control Matrix  

- Key Control Activities 

- Key Reporting and monitoring 

Activities  

 

Figure 10: Risk Governance and Internal Control 

Framework Manual Content 



Figure 11: The seven principles of Malaysia's PDPA 

Act 2010 


26 

 

Doctors are granted access to their patients’ medical records on a need-to-know basis. ISEC Healthcare 

continues to employ various IT controls and procedures to safeguard its systems against cyber security 

threats. The IT team ensures that systems and servers undergo regular update and maintenance, 

equipped with firewalls and antivirus software. During the MCO/CMCO/RMCO, limited remote access 

to our IT systems is only granted to a small group of infrastructure staff who are working from home. 

Doctors and clinical staff do not have remote access to the IT system.  

Employees across the three clinics are required to read and sign off on the PDPA policy upon induction. 

Throughout the year, good practices will be shared among employees such as proper disposal of 

personal information, and physical security measures such as ensuring the door of Medical Record 

Room are closed at all times. Certificates and posters displayed at the clinics assure patients that we 

observe compliance with PDPA. Employees are kept abreast of the latest regulatory requirements 

through relevant courses conducted by the Department of Protection of Personal Data in Malaysia.  

 

Targets and Performance  

Focus area  

Perpetual target 

FY2020 Performance  

Customer Privacy  

Zero substantiated breaches of 

customer privacy and no leaks, thefts 

or losses of customer data 

Achieved 

 

In FY2020, there were 

no known complaints 

concerning 

breaches 

of customer privacy 

and no known cases of 

identified leaks, thefts 

or losses of customer 

data.  

 

10. Environment: Caring for the Environment 

 

10.1. Energy and Carbon Footprint  

Energy security is extremely critical in ensuring service quality and patient safety. It is required by law 

that such as operating theatres and drug storage have to be air conditioned 24/7. Across all clinics, we 

have an Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS) which provides a continuous power supply for equipment 

even during a power failure and to protect it against power surges. In the event of a power outage, 

the UPS acts as a temporary energy source until the generator set kicks in. An annual preventive 

maintenance inspection is conducted to ensure the system is operational. 

ISEC KL continues with the replacement of conventional light bulbs with Light Emitting Diode (“LED”) 

to reduce our carbon footprint. In FY2020, 31% of the downlights at ISEC KL have been replaced with 

LED lights. Although progress has been disrupted by the pandemic, ISEC KL continues to monitor the 

situation closely, conducting the replacement at appropriate junctures. ISEC Penang and SSEC have 

also embarked on this initiative, replacing 15% of its total downlights at ISEC Penang and a further 

10% at SSEC, from approximately 15-20% in the prior year. 

 




27 

 

Performance 

Prior to FY2020, an energy audit was conducted by the building’s landlord where ISEC KL is situated 

in. The findings revealed that the previous electrical meters used by ISEC KL were faulty, thus operated 

at a slower rate. As such, electricity consumption for ISEC KL, prior to FY2020 was understated. The 

landlord replaced the electrical meters in January 2020. Total electricity recorded in FY2020 for the 

three clinics showed 1.34 times increase as compared to FY2019. This increase was mainly attributed 

to the higher readings for ISEC KL’s electricity consumption based on the accurate electrical meters 

installed.  

In FY2020, the total electricity consumption across all three clinics was 1,039,929 kWh, equivalent to 

energy consumption of about 229 Malaysians in a year9. With the imposition of MCO/CMCO/RMCO 

coupled with a drop in number of surgeries conducted in FY2020, we expect to see a significant 

increase in electricity consumed in future compared to that in FY2020 should operations resume to 

pre-COVID levels. Moving forward, ISEC Healthcare will monitor our electricity usage across the three 

clinics and seek to introduce other energy-saving measures where appropriate.   

 

10.2. Waste Management  

 

 

As a healthcare provider, it is our responsibility to ensure proper and effective waste management. 

Medical waste is biohazardous and can pose major health and environmental risks if mishandled.  Our 

three clinics continue to follow a stringent set of Standard Operating Procedures (“SOPs”) on Waste 

Handling, Storage and Disposal listed in Table 9.  

During the MCO/CMCO/RMCO period, there were no disruptions to the frequency of waste collection 

by third-party waste contractors. All medical and general waste were collected and disposed of 

regularly across the three clinics.  

Table 9: SOPs on Waste Handling, Storage and Disposal  

Waste Handling 

Waste Storage 

Waste Disposal 

• Manual handling of waste 

bags should be minimised 

wherever possible. 

• All clinical waste bags to be 

handled by the neck of the 

bag only. 

• They should be transported 

via internal routes which 

minimise contact with 

patient care areas.  

• Only dedicated vehicles 

should be used for 

• Biohazard waste should be 

stored in a designated area 

separated from general 

waste. 

• Colour-coded waste disposal 

bags and containers are 

used to ensure proper 

segregation of waste, safe 

handling and transportation. 

• Waste containers to remain 

closed at all times, 

preventing release of toxic 

chemicals into the 

• Only Ministry of Health 

Malaysia (“MOH”) certified 

third-party waste 

contractors are engaged to 

collect and dispose clinical 

waste. 

• Contractors should be 

contacted to arrange for 

collection when the waste 

bins are about two-third full, 

if this occurs before the 

routine collection roster.  

 

9 This information is based on Malaysia Energy Statistics Handbook 2018 which reports an average of 

consumption of 4,533 kWh per Malaysian in 2016. 




28 

 

Waste Handling 

Waste Storage 

Waste Disposal 

transportation of clinical 

waste.  

atmosphere in the form of 

vapours, aerosols or gases. 

• Waste storage will be 

subjected to monitoring and 

reviews  

• More trips to be arranged 

when more waste is 

generated 

 

Paper is separated from general waste and collected for recycling in all 3 clinics. ISEC Healthcare 

continues to advocate reduce, reuse and recycle (“3Rs”) behaviour among its patients. All clinics have 

stopped providing plastic bags for patients and these are only provided when a large quantity of 

medication is purchased. All the three clinics also work with its suppliers to sponsor reusable cloth 

bags for our patients to use as well. 

 

 

 

Performance 

In FY2020, ISEC KL generated 3,134.54 kg (FY201910: 3,837.35 kg) of clinical waste, all of which were 

incinerated by certified third-party contractors. Due to the COVID-19 outbreak, there was a drop in 

surgeries and clinical activities, which led to a reduction in waste disposed during the year.  

Nevertheless, we continued with our recycling initiatives where specific bins are provided in patient 

waiting areas to promote recycling efforts. In FY2020, ISEC KL has recycled more than 8 kg of paper 

and boxes per week.  

 

 

 

10 FY2019 clinical waste data is restated to include ISEC Penang’s data to allow like-for-like comparison with 

FY2020. 





Left: Reusable cloth 

bags provided to 

patients  

Right: Paper recycling 

corner at ISEC KL   


29 

 

11. GRI Content Index  

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure  

Disclosure 

Page Reference or Reason for Omission  

GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016 

Organisational profile 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

About ISEC Healthcare Ltd. 

Page 2 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and 

services 

About ISEC Healthcare Ltd. 

Page 2 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

About ISEC Healthcare Ltd. 

Page 2 

102-4 

Location of operations 

About ISEC Healthcare Ltd. 

Page 2 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

About ISEC Healthcare Ltd. 

Page 2 

102-6 

Markets served 

About ISEC Healthcare Ltd. 

Page 2 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

About ISEC Healthcare Ltd. 

Page 2 

102-8 

Information on employees and 

other workers 

Employee Demographics 

Page 17 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Supply Chains of ISEC KL, 

SSEC and ISEC Penang  

Page 17 

102-10 

Significant changes to the 

organisation and its supply chain 

There were no significant changes to the 

organisation or its supply chain. 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or 

approach 

Enterprise Risk Management 

Page 25 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Not applicable 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

About ISEC Healthcare Ltd. 

Page 2 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-

maker 

Board Statement 

 

Page 4 

Ethics and integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and 

norms of behaviour 

Corporate Governance  

Page 24 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Sustainability Governance 

Corporate Governance 

Page 6 

Page 24 

102-22 

Composition of the highest 

governance body and its 

committees 

2020 Annual Report  

Page 16 

102-23 

Chair of the highest governance 

body 

2020 Annual Report  

Page 18 

102-24 

Nominating and selecting the 

highest governance body 

2020 Annual Report  

Page 18 

102-25 

Conflicts of interest 

2020 Annual Report  

Page 14 

102-32 

Highest governance body’s role in 

sustainability reporting 

Board Statement;  

Sustainability Governance 

Page 4 

Page 6 

Stakeholder engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholder Engagement 

Page 7 


30 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure  

Disclosure 

Page Reference or Reason for Omission  

GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None of ISEC Healthcare’s employees are 

covered by collective bargaining 

agreements.   

102-42 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

Stakeholder Engagement 

Page 7 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

Stakeholder Engagement 

Page 7 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholder Engagement 

Page 7 

Reporting practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial statements 

2020 Annual Report  

Page 77 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries 

About the Report 

Page 3 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Materiality Assessment 

Page 10 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

FY2019 data were restated to include ISEC 

Penang for Employee Demographics, 

Occupational Health and Safety and Waste 

Management to allow for like-for-like 

comparison with FY2020 data 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

About the Report 

Page 3 

102-50 

Reporting period 

About the Report 

Page 3 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

Published and announced on 29 May 2020 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

 Annual  

102-53 

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report 

 2020 Annual Report  

Corporate 

Information  

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance 

with the GRI Standards 

About the Report 

Page 3 

102-55 

GRI content index 

GRI Content Index 

Page 29 

102-56 

External assurance 

ISEC Healthcare has not sought external 

assurance for this report, but will consider 

it for future reports. 

 

GRI Standard  

Disclosure 

Disclosure 

Page Reference or Reason for 

Omission  

Material matters 

Excellent Service Quality  

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary 

About the Report;  

Materiality Assessment  

Page 3 

Page 10 

103-2 

The management approach and 

its components 

Excellent Service Quality Page 15 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

Excellent Service Quality Page 15 


31 

 

GRI Standard  

Disclosure 

Disclosure 

Page Reference or Reason for 

Omission  

GRI 416: 

Customer 

Health and 

Safety 2016 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance 

concerning the health 

and safety impacts of products 

and services 

Excellent Service Quality Page 15 

Occupational Health and Safety  

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary 

 

About the Report;  

Materiality Assessment  

Page 3 

Page 10 

103-2 

The management approach and 

its components 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

Page 20 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

Page 20 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety 2018 

403-1 

Occupational health and safety 

management system 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

Page 20 

403-2 

Hazard identification, risk 

assessment, and incident  

investigation 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

Page 20 

403-3 

Occupational health services 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

Page 20 

403-4 

Worker participation, 

consultation, and 

communication on occupational 

health and safety 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

Page 20 

403-5 

Worker training on occupational 

health and safety 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

Page 20 

403-6 

Promotion of worker health 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

Page 20 

403-7 

Prevention and mitigation of 

occupational health and safety  

impacts directly linked by 

business relationships 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

Page 20 

403-9 

Work-related injuries 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

Page 20 

Training and Development 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

 

 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary 

About the Report;  

Materiality Assessment  

Page 3 

Page 10 

103-2 

The management approach and 

its components 

Training and 

Development 

Page 19 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

Training and 

Development  

Page 19 

GRI 404: 

Training and 

Development 

2016 

404-3 

Percentage of employees 

receiving regular performance 

and career development reviews 

Training and 

Development 

Page 19 

Corporate Governance  

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary 

About the Report;  

Materiality Assessment  

Page 3 

Page 10 


32 

 

GRI Standard  

Disclosure 

Disclosure 

Page Reference or Reason for 

Omission  

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-2 

The management approach and 

its components 

Corporate Governance  

Page 24 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

Corporate Governance 

Page 24 

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 

2016 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of 

corruption and actions taken 

Corporate Governance  

Page 24 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 

2016 

307-1 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

Corporate Governance 

Page 24 

GRI 419: 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

2016 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social 

and economic area 

Corporate Governance 

Page 24 

Security of Information and Patient Privacy   

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary 

About the Report;  

Materiality Assessment  

Page 3 

Page 10 

103-2 

The management approach and 

its components 

Protection of Personal 

Data and Security of 

Information 

Page 25 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

Protection of Personal 

Data and Security of 

Information 

Page 25 

 

GRI 418: 

Customer 

Privacy 2016 

418-1 

Substantiated complaints 

concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses of 

customer data 

Protection of Personal 

Data and Security of 

Information 

Page 25 

 

Additional Matters 

Energy and Carbon Footprint 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary 

About the Report;  

Materiality Assessment  

Page 3 

Page 10 

103-2 

The management approach and 

its components 

Energy and Carbon 

Footprint  

Page 26 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

Energy and Carbon 

Footprint  

Page 26 

GRI 302: 

Energy 2016 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the 

organization 

Energy and Carbon 

Footprint  

Page 26 

Waste Management  

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary 

About the Report;  

Materiality Assessment  

Page 3 

Page 10 

103-2 

The management approach and 

its components 

Waste Management 

Page 27 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

Waste Management 

Page 27 

 


33 

 

GRI Standard  

Disclosure 

Disclosure 

Page Reference or Reason for 

Omission  

GRI 306: 

Effluents and 

Waste 2016 

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal 

Method 

Waste Management  

Page 27 

 

 

 

