











































































































CONTENTS

1 

About This Report

2 

Board Statement

3 

Corporate Profile

5 

Sustainability Approach

6 

 Stakeholder Groups and  

Engagement Activities

7 

Material Sustainability Topics

8 

Employment

10 

Occupational Health and Safety

11 

Training and Education

12 

Green-value and Initiatives

14 

Community Engagement

15 

GRI Content Index






In the pursuit of sustainable growth, ISOTeam Ltd. (the “Company” or “ISOTeam”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) maintains a high 

standard of corporate conduct to ensure business sustainability and to safeguard the interest of our stakeholders. We recognise the 

importance and value of aligning strategies to meet stakeholders’ needs as well as having an established and consistent sustainability 

reporting framework. In our third sustainability report (the “Report”), we continue to discuss the challenges and material issues that are 

important to our stakeholders; the strategies that we have adopted in managing these challenges and issues; and, how we position 

ourselves to capture future opportunities.

REPORTING PERIOD AND SCOPE

The data and information of this Report covers the Group’s operations in Singapore from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020 (“FY2020”) 

and discusses our initiatives and performance on Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) issues. We have prepared the Report 

with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: Core Option and its reporting principles, SGX Guide as well as in 

accordance with Listing Rule 711B of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”). We have chosen GRI as the sustainability 

reporting framework for its robust regime and adopted its principles of stakeholder inclusiveness, sustainability context, materiality, 

and completeness in preparing this Report. Making use of its quality, we have applied the GRI principles of accuracy, balance, clarity, 

comparability, reliability and timeliness. The GRI Content Index, which summarises disclosures made in this Report, has also been 

included.

We have not sought external assurance for the disclosures made in this Report but may consider doing so in the future.

In this Report, references to ISOTeam’s Annual Report 2020 were made. Our Annual Report will be published in December 2020 and 

an electronic version of it can be accessed from our corporate website, http://isoteam.listedcompany.com/ar.rev and the SGX-ST  

website, https://www.sgx.com/.

ACCESSIBILITY

In line with ISOTeam’s efforts towards greater environmental conservation, an electronic version of this Report is made available on 

our corporate website, http://isoteam.listedcompany.com/ar.rev.

We value your feedback and you can reach us at: ir@isoteam.com.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

1

ABOUT

THIS REPORT








Sengkang floating wetland

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) is always mindful of its responsibilities to the Group’s shareholders and various stakeholders to create 

and deliver sustainable value and long-term success through its leadership and management of the Company’s business. The Board 

provides regular oversight on the Group’s sustainability initiatives, performance and compliance with relevant legislations.

Sustainability has always been a pillar of the Group’s culture as we strive to achieve continuous growth and profitability in a safe, caring and 

sustainable environment. The Group’s sustainability practices are to ensure that economic, environment and social risks and opportunities 

are aligned with our strategic growth, commercial objectives, governance measures and social responsibilities.

At the time of this report, the coronavirus pandemic has taken its toll on global and domestic economy, with many industries negatively 

impacted. The construction sector contracted by 46.6% in the third quarter year-on-year according to the press release by the Ministry of 

Trade and Industry Singapore on 23 November 2020.

Despite the subdued market sentiment, the Group has secured projects worth approximately S$53.4 million in aggregate as announced 

on 12 June 2020 and 27 August 2020, boosting the Group’s order book as at 30 September 2020 to S$165.7 million, which is expected 

to be delivered over the next two years. Through this challenging climate, our Group remain steadfast to our primary focus and that is the 

wellbeing of our employees whilst ensuring we abide by all applicable Government directives. On behalf of the Board and management 

of the Company, we wish to thank all who have been with us throughout our sustainability journey. We look forward to your continued 

partnership and support.

ISOTEAM LTD.

2

BOARD

STATEMENT








Listed on Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) on 12 July 2013, ISOTeam Ltd. (5WF) is an established 

and leading player in Singapore’s building maintenance and estate upgrading industry. With more than two decades of Repairs &amp; 

Redecoration (“R&amp;R”) and Addition &amp; Alteration (“A&amp;A”) experience, we have successfully undertaken over 500 refurbishment and 

upgrading projects for over 5,000 buildings since inception in 1998.

ISOTeam also offers a full range of services and solutions comprising specialist Coating &amp; Painting (“C&amp;P”) services as well as 

complementary niche services (“Others”) through our specialist waterproofing, commercial interior design and home retrofitting (“ID”), 

landscaping, access equipment leasing, green solutions and mechanical and electrical works (“M&amp;E”), and project management and 

construction management services subsidiaries.

We are an eco-conscious company that integrates green methodologies in our projects, and actively work with strategic partners and 

technology companies to develop and commercialise green solutions/products such as solar panel installation and floating wetlands 

systems for the marine environment. Aligned to this, we are currently Singapore’s largest bike sharing operator through SG Bike, an 

environmentally sustainable bike sharing service which is backed by geostation docking technology.

Our reputation for quality, speed, and safety, together with a winning edge in eco-conscious innovations and capabilities as a 

maintenance solutions provider, has won the trust and confidence of our customers, allowing us to repeatedly secure tenders over 

the years. ISOTeam has a diverse clientele that include, amongst others, town councils, government bodies and private sector building 

owners.

In Singapore, ISOTeam is the exclusive paint applicator for Nippon Paint Singapore and SKK Singapore in specific segments. They include 

public housing as well as industrial projects and army camps managed by Jurong Town Corporation (“JTC”) and Housing &amp; Development 

Board (“HDB”).

For more information, please visit www.isoteam.com.sg.

OUR VISION

To be the best and preferred partners for complete solutions 

in the built environment.

OUR MISSION

To deliver excellent quality, cost efficient, professional 

services to achieve total customer satisfaction.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

3

CORPORATE

PROFILE






OUR VALUES





















We offer fulfilling career prospects and develop an individual’s 

potential to build a highly committed and competent team that 

possesses integrity and adaptability.

We take ownership and initiative to achieve expected key 

performance indicators through continual learning and upgrading 

of our knowledge and skills.

We value and engage all stakeholders with trust, respect and care 

to achieve long term win-win situations.

We offer high quality products and services with innovative 

and sustainable solutions to satisfy and exceed our customers’ 

expectations.

We practise effective and open communication and seek 

cooperation and collaboration amongst stakeholders to achieve 

our desired goals

People Development

Performance and Accountability

Relationship and Bonding

Customer Focus

Teamwork

ISOTEAM LTD.

4

CORPORATE

PROFILE






Punggol floating wetlands

ISOTeam’s core philosophy has always been to deliver long-term and sustainable value for all our stakeholders and the Group has been 

continually building on our sustainability efforts and progress. We recognise the importance of sustainable growth and are dedicated 

to working towards it. The Board oversees the policies and procedures relating to ESG factors together with the management and the 

assistance of external professional service providers. The Board will evaluate the effectiveness of the existing sustainability practices, review 

ESG performance and set goals on an annual basis.

With the outbreak of the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (“COVID-19 Outbreak”) in early 2020, our normal course of work was disrupted. 

However, the wellbeing of our employees remained our top priority and we implemented a series of measures such as staggered work 

arrangements and provided our employees with the necessary telecommunication tools to work from home.

Despite the disruption, our management team continued to oversee, coordinate, monitor and revise the sustainability strategies and 

periodically reports to the Board during this period.

SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

The Group is committed to sustainable growth and shared value creation. We place emphasis on sourcing for 

sustainable materials and actively engage in strategic partnerships with suppliers and subcontractors to explore 

ways to enhance efficiency in our work processes and customer service.

GREEN PROCUREMENT

ISOTeam established the Green Procurement Guidelines which promotes environmental management 

across the entire supply chain to provide more environmentally responsible products. The guidelines allow 

us to identify and differentiate products and methods which are more sustainable and environmentally-

friendly. These practices are embedded within our procurement and vendor evaluation processes to align 

our sustainability approach with our business partners. We are determined to contribute to Singapore’s Built 

Environment, and we will continue to innovate and forge positive relationships to provide greener products, 

systems and practices. The COVID-19 Outbreak had temporarily caused a major disruption to our supply 

chain, especially in relation to overseas supplies from Malaysia and China. To mitigate this, we have started to 

source products and other resources from local companies that meet our Green Procurement Guidelines.

ACCREDITATIONS, ACCOLADES, MEMBERSHIPS AND LICENSES

Having established an industry track record for quality, speed and safety, we are honored to be part of 

organisations, societies, associations, charters and to have received numerous awards in recognition of 

our efforts. Please refer to our Annual Report 2020 for full details of the Group’s accreditations, accolades, 

memberships and licenses.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

5

SUSTAINABILITYY

APPROACH


ISOTEAM LTD.

6

STAKEHOLDER GROUPS AND

ENGAGEMENT ACTIVITIES

STAKEHOLDERS

Stakeholder

How We Engage

Expectation and Interests

Employees

• Employee appraisals

• Employee trainings

• Employee welfare and benefits

• Personal development

Customers

• Enquiry and feedback channels

• Direct customer meetings

• Good customer service 

• Price advantage

Suppliers

• Supplier evaluations 

• Periodic meetings

• Prompt payment 

• Compliance with terms and conditions of 

transactions

Investors

• Annual meetings, bi-annual briefings and  

ad-hoc investor meetings 

• Circulars, reports and news release to 

shareholders

• Profitability and dividends 

• Transparency and timely reporting

Government and 

Regulators

• Discussions with relevant authorities 

• Timely reporting to regulators and government 

agencies

• Compliance with regulations 

• Proper reporting procedures and channels in 

place

Communities

• Corporate social responsibility activities 

• Environmentally friendly product/service 

launches

• Social responsibility to relevant communities

SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR ACTIVITIES

Despite the challenges arising from the COVID-19 Outbreak, the Group continued to generate long-term value for our shareholders 

through good corporate governance practices and maintained a healthy and transparent internal control system over the financial, 

operational and compliance aspects of our business. We were ranked 145th in the 2020 Singapore Governance and Transparency Index 

(“SGTI 2020”) among the 577 companies listed in Singapore that were evaluated. Our ranking within the top 30% of SGTI 2020 reflects 

our effort in good corporate governance, which we would continue to uphold in the future.

The Group continues to enforce timely and accurate corporate disclosures and transparency. As part of this, we actively engage 

shareholders, the investing community, and the media and provide the latest information on the Group’s operations, financial 

performance and strategic business updates via the following platforms:

• Singapore Exchange www.sgx.com and our corporate website www.isoteam.com.sg;

• IR contact email: ir@iso-team.com;

• An e-mail alert service via our IR website, that informs subscribers whenever an announcement is posted on the website;

• Annual General Meetings, a platform where our Directors and Executive Officers engage shareholders directly;

• Analyst and investor briefings every half-year in relation to our financial results.

FYE 30 June 2020

Financial Calendar

Analyst, Investor and Media Event

14 November 2019

1QFY2020 financial results announcement*

15 November 2019

1QFY2020 financial results briefing

13 February 2020

HY2020 financial results announcement

14 February 2020

HY2020 financial results briefing

30 October 2020

FY2020 financial results announcement

30 October 2020

FY2020 financial results briefing

* The Company is not required to release its financial statements on a quarterly basis following the amendments to the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of 

Catalist of the SGX-ST with effect on 7 February 2020.


MANAGEMENT APPROACH AND MATERIAL TOPICS

The Group recognises the need to continuously develop our business approach in order to address growing stakeholder expectations. As 

such, we periodically engage with our stakeholders to assess the issues that are most relevant to them and the Company on an ongoing 

basis.

No.

Topics

Description

Stakeholder Group in 

Concern

Reference

1

Economic 

Performance

Distribution of economic value 

to stakeholders

Employees, Customers, 

Suppliers, Investors, 

Government and Regulators

Financial Report 

(Annual Report 2020)

2

Employment

Fair employment practices 

in aspects of hiring, benefits 

and welfare

Employees, Government 

and Regulators

Page 8

3

Occupational 

Health and Safety

Measures in place to ensure 

health and safety of our people

Employees, Customers

Page 10

4

Training and 

Education

Practices in place to develop 

our people’s potential and 

talent management

Employees

Page 11

5

Community 

Engagement

Community outreach activities

Communities, 

Government and Regulators

Page 14

6

Green-value and 

Initiatives

Practices in place to introduce 

environmentally friendly 

solutions in delivering products 

and services

Customers, Suppliers, 

Government and Regulators, 

Employees

Page 12

7

Governance and 

Compliance

Policies and practices in place 

to uphold good corporate 

governance

Government and 

Regulators, Employees, 

Customers, Suppliers, 

Investors

Corporate Governance Report 

(Annual Report 2020)

The materiality of the abovementioned factors has been reassessed and endorsed by the Sustainability Committee which comprises key 

executives and heads from all major business functions. Please refer to the respective sections for details on the individual material topics.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

7

MATERIAL

SUSTAINABILITY TOPICS


ISOTEAM LTD.

8

EMPLOYMENT 

We recognise our people as our most valuable resource as they are vital to the Group’s sustainability. Employees are the key drivers of the 

Group’s vision to be the best and preferred partner for complete solutions in the built environment, which refers to buildings, structures, 

and infrastructure in our surroundings that is the landscape for the community’s activities. We have continuously reviewed and updated 

our employee benefits and revised our remuneration package for all our staff to promote a positive working environment.

Policies on Employment

At ISOTeam, we aim to create a “ISOTeam Family” built on respect, common goals and communication. We have developed and 

established our human resource management principles and policies based on fair employment practices with the goal of attracting, 

developing and retaining a robust and motivated workforce. We have procedures such as orientations to assimilate new employees into 

the ISOTeam Family, interviews and appraisals as well as an employee handbook for our staff to know more about the Group. We conduct 

annual review on our remuneration and benefits package for our employees. We have gathered feedback from our employees on the 

desired benefits and try to implement them into our employee benefits.

Employee benefits include the following:



Employee annual 

leave



Outpatient 

treatment



Dental treatment



Insurance coverage



Examination leave



Marriage leave



Compassionate 

leave



Birthday leave



Maternity leave



Paternity leave



Extended 

childcare/childcare 

leave



Adoption leave



Shared parental 

leave



Unpaid infant care 

leave



Flexible working 

arrangement



Paid non-

hospitalisation and 

hospitalisation 

leave



Inpatient treatment 

(Group term life 

insurance  policy)


New Employees and Turnover of Employees

The table below shows the proportion of males and females in our workforce. Given the laborious nature of the construction and built-

environment management industry, our employee gender mix comprises of a larger proportion of male employees. However, the Group 

does not discriminate against any gender or age group and opportunities are given based on meritocratic criteria and performance. With 

our continuing efforts towards building an ISOTeam Family, we have successfully lowered our employee’s turnover percentage in FY2020 

as compared with FY2019.

New Employees By Age Group (Number)

Year

FY2019

FY2020

Under 30 years old

30

27

Between 30 to 60 years old

61

81

Above 60 years old

5

5

Category of Employees and Turnover

Year

FY2019

FY2020

Gender

Male

Female

Male

Female

Number of Employees

256

112

276

90

Number of New Employees

71

25

82

31

Number of Employees who have resigned

59

25

11

7

Turnover percentage

18.04%

18.25%

3.07%

5.79%

Parental Leave

The Group values a good working environment and recognises that parental bonds bring about positivity. As such, employees are strongly 

encouraged to make use of the parental leave benefits extended to them. The below table shows the utilisation of different categories of 

parental leave by employees:

Category of Parental Leave Utilised (Days)

Leave Type

FY2019

FY2020

Childcare

16

16

Maternity

1

1

Paternity

1

0

Extended Childcare

0

2

Shared Parental

0

0

Since the COVID-19 Outbreak and during the Circuit Breaker Period (“CB”) from 7 April 2020 to 1 June 2020, the Group implemented 

strict measures in terms of operational discipline to ensure the safety of our staff. We developed a Business Continuity Plan and offered 

flexible working arrangement to all our staff, where possible. Employees who could work from home were encouraged to do so and 

personnel who must enter the office were required to wear a mask and adhere to the safe-distancing measures at all times.

During the CB, our foreign workers staying in affected dormitories were not allowed to go to work in compliance with the various 

directives issued by the government. Salaries were paid during the duration of quarantine and daily needs such as food and essential items 

were provided by the Group. We also worked closely with dormitory operators to monitor the health of our workers, which we continue 

to do today.

We strive to retain all our employees during this challenging period as they are our most valuable resource. The Group was able to protect 

the jobs of employees in FY2020 with the support of Government measures including waiver of foreign worker levy and levy rebates.

Targets

Going forward, the Group will continue to adhere to advisories and regulations relating to employee and workplace arrangement 

and strive to retain our workforce. We will also continue to take care of our employees’ health and wellbeing as well as promote work 

life balance and healthy lifestyles among them. To attract, motivate and retain employees, we will also ensure that our remuneration 

packages, pay levels and employee benefits package match or even exceed our principal competitors.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

9

EMPLOYMENT






People are our greatest assets and their health and safety are of utmost importance to us. We are responsible and obligated to provide 

a safe and healthy environment for our employees, subcontractors and customers. We are committed to ensuring that our Health and 

Safety procedures are in place, including proactive tracking and monitoring of incidents.

Health and safety briefings and trainings are periodically conducted by the Group to ensure that all employees and workers fully 

understand the hazards associated with their work and are fully equipped with the knowledge, skills and equipment required to safely 

perform such work.

ISOTeam carries out internal monitoring and collaboration with local regulatory bodies on a consistent and regular basis for all our 

projects to ensure a high standard of occupational health and safety.

Through our health and safety management framework, we provide constant safety briefings and trainings at our worksite and there were 

zero fatalities in FY2020.

We managed to significantly lower our workplace Accident Severity Rate (“ASR”) from 73.84 in FY2019 to 44.87 in FY2020. Our Accident 

Frequency Rate (“AFR”), however, has increased from 10 workplace accident cases in FY2019 to 17 cases in FY2020. From the outcome of 

comprehensive safety risk investigation, we have tightened measures to prevent future injuries and accidents. For instance we reinforced 

education and reminders to our workers on the safety procedures and ensured routine maintenance of machinery and equipment was 

conducted as planned.

It remains our commitment to continue educating, monitoring and improving our health and safety protocols to reduce or prevent any 

future occurrences. Our employees are covered under the Group’s collective insurance scheme and those who have served for more 

than a year are entitled to regular health screenings paid for by the Group.

In view of the COVID-19 Outbreak, we will continue to work with the relevant authorities and obtain all the necessary clearances and 

approvals before resuming work for all our on-site workers.

Period

Workplace 

Accident 

Frequency Rate1

Workplace 

Accident 

Severity Rate2

Number of 

reported 

workplace 

accidents

July 2017 to June 2018

2.78

27.83

4

July 2018 to June 2019

1.39

73.84

10

July 2019 to June 2020

4.01

44.87

17

1 – Workplace Accident Frequency Rate (“AFR”) = (No. of workplace accidents reported X 1,000,000)/Total man hours worked

2 – Workplace Accident Severity Rate (“ASR”) = (No. of Man days lost to workplace accidents X 1,000,000)/Total man hours worked

Targets

Our industry has a higher risk of workplace accidents as compared to other industries. We strive to further reduce our AFR and ASR 

with the end goal of preventing workplace accidents, by minimally complying with all applicable regulations, codes of practice and 

other guidelines issued by the authorities and committing to practice good controls to provide a safe and healthy workplace for all our 

employees.

ISOTEAM LTD.

10

OCCUPATIONAL

HEALTH &amp; SAFETY






ISOTeam believes investing in training is a crucial factor in retaining and developing high-quality human capital as it enhances quality and 

productivity of all employees by equipping them with the necessary skillset to perform their duties in an ever-changing environment.

We have developed policies and procedures on training that will allow our employees to further their abilities and skills. We empower our 

staff with skills and experience through a range of learning and development programmes coordinated by the Group’s Human Resource 

department or initiated by staff themselves. We regularly send our employees to attend seminars, conferences and courses to improve 

their technical and functional skills, broaden their knowledge, and ultimately increase their productivity and efficiency at work.

Our employees are also financially supported to attend external courses to meet training needs that have been identified or are mandatory 

during their course of work. We have identified the key aspects which are of most important and relevant to the different departments and 

levels of our employees in their daily work and sent our employees for trainings based on these aspects. A few of the aspects identified are 

Workplace Safety and Health and Leadership.

Average training hours for our employees are depicted in the below data:

Average Training Hours for Employees (Hours)

FY2019

FY2020

Average hours

10.96

13.06

By Gender

Male

Female

Male

Female

16.79

4.26

13.42

12.13

For FY2020, we met our target of providing more training hours to our employees as compared to FY2019. This was mainly due to the 

increase in trainings conducted during the CB period when most of our employees worked from home. This ensured that the downtime 

was fully utilised.

As the Group is in the construction and built-environment management industry, our on-site workers are briefed on the in-house safety 

rules and regulations during their first day of induction and at regular intervals.

Besides mandatory training such as the “Apply Workplace Safety and Health in Construction Sites”, on-the-job training is provided by 

the employees’ immediate supervisors, who share their experiences and knowledge, provide guidance and advices, as well as monitor 

performance of individual employees.

All our employees take part in our annual appraisal process where employee performance and career development reviews are 

conducted through the Group’s E-appraisal system. The appraisal practice serves as a two-way communication channel between the 

management and employees while enabling them to identify skills and opportunities for future growth.

Targets

The Group will continue to equip all our employees with the knowledge and skills required. We will also provide them with the relevant 

training for their personal and career development with plans to increase the total training hours.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

11

TRAINING

&amp; EDUCATION


Environmental sustainability is one of the key tenets to construction industries worldwide and the Group recognises that we can 

contribute positively and tackle issues such as water scarcity and global warming.

We take pride in being a recipient of the BCA Green Mark Award and the BCA Green and Gracious Builder Award (Excellent). We have 

always incorporated eco-friendly and sustainable materials into our building materials, and the accolades we received affirm our 

commitment to reduce the impact our business activities have on the environment.

We are also a registered corporate member of the Singapore Green Building Council (“SGBC”), which forms part of the World Green 

Building Council (“WGBC”). This is in line with our green initiatives to create green buildings for our projects. Some of the products we 

use such as Thermal Plaster, Composite Timber Decking System, and Diamond Fusion (“DFI”) Coating System are already SGBC certified. 

These certifications serve as a mark of our commitment to the environment through sustainable products and practices.

Other initiatives that showcase our sustainable practice is the utilisation of composite timber for our building materials despite higher cost. 

Composite timber can achieve the conventional aesthetics of natural timber while having better properties in multiple aspects such as slip 

resistance, heat resistance, splinter-free, termite free and it is 100% recyclable and environmentally friendly.

Some of our other products that use renewable materials include Eco Pressure grout, Eco Screed, Eco Skim Plus, and Eco Tile Bond. 

All these form part of our efforts to incorporate eco-friendlier products into our production mix without compromising on the desired 

properties.

ISOTeam has been involved in the construction of a floating solar farm the size of five football fields along the Straits of Johor. This project 

is considered to be the largest in the world to-date and it will go a long way to fulfil Singapore’s clean energy aspirations. This floating solar 

farm will be able to generate about 6,388 MWh of renewable energy annually, which is equivalent to powering about 1,250 four-room 

flats. At the time of writing, the project is near to completion and is expected to contribute positively to the environment with expected 

benefit of reducing significant greenhouse gas emissions annually with the use of solar power.

Another green initiative we have in place is the installation of solar panels in our new office building to reduce the dependency on 

traditional energy sources such as purchased electricity to power the building. Solar energy is a renewable free source of energy, which 

is sustainable and inexhaustible. It is also a non-polluting source of energy as it does not emit any greenhouse gases during power 

generation. The solar panels also reduce costs of utilities as the surplus generated from the panels will be sold back to the supplier, and 

the Group will be able to utilise additional income generated from the surplus.

The table below depicts our energy consumption data in FY2020. Renewal energy refers to the electricity generated by solar panels 

installed at the rooftop of our Headquarters and non-renewable energy refers to purchased electricity.

FY20201

Source of Energy

Renewable

Non-renewable

Electricity consumption (kWh)**

95,774

170,186

1. 

Data covered the period from September 2019 to June 2020

**  Available data on solar energy is quoted in kWp. The typical solar panel yield ranges from 1,000kWh/kWp to 2,000kWh/kWp, and is affected by a 

multitude of factors. We have opted to use the lowest range for our estimate.

Targets

We will continue to research and develop more environmentally sustainable products that can replace the current production mix 

without comprising on the quality of products. We hope to do our part for the environment by introducing more of such eco-friendly 

products to the market in the future, thus allowing us to further reduce our consumption of electricity, bringing us cost savings as well as 

reducing our carbon footprint. The Company also expects the Proportion of Renewable Energy Consumption Mix to increase significantly 

over the next few years.

ISOTEAM LTD.

12

GREEN-VALUE

AND INITIATIVES








Composite timber decking

Composite timber

Composite timber decking in Punggol estate

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

13

GREEN-VALUE AND INITIATIVES


The Group is dedicated to our role of being a force that brings positive 

changes to the local communities it operates in. Besides directly engaging 

communities through charitable projects, the Group strongly believes that 

an alternative and yet effective way of giving back to society is through the 

introduction of sustainable products and solutions which have long lasting 

positive impact on the lifestyle and environment of the communities we 

operate in. Green initiatives undertaken by ISOTeam,  are also viewed as an 

effort in our community contribution.

In FY2020, the Group had planned for several Corporate Social Responsibility 

(“CSR”) programmes but most were put on hold due to the COVID-19 

Outbreak. During the first half of the financial year in November 2019, the 

Company had a Goodie Bag event where we donated essential items to more 

than 1,000 needy households in Singapore.

The Group also carried out environmental impact assessments to reduce 

and control negative environmental impact to the communities areas where 

our projects are located at. Before the commencement of our projects, we 

will assess the physical, chemical, biological and environmental impacts by 

engaging with the local council, customers, as well as our employees working 

on site. As at the date of this report, the Group had not received any complaints 

from local communities about its work.

Targets

The Group has always been at the forefront of CSR activities and giving back 

to the society every year. The current year’s plan was unexpectedly disrupted 

by the COVID-19 Outbreak and CB but going forward, the Group will continue 

to support the less fortunate and underprivileged through various activities and 

donations.





ISOTEAM LTD.

14

COMMUNITY 

ENGAGEMENT


GRI Standard

Disclosure Title

Page Reference &amp; Remarks

Organisation Profile

102-1

Name of the organisation

About This Report (Page 1)

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

Corporate Profile (Page 3)

102-3

Location of headquarters

Corporate Profile (Page 3)

102-4

Location of operations

Corporate Profile (Page 3)

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Corporate Profile (Page 3)

102-6

Markets served

Corporate Profile (Page 3)

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Corporate Profile (Page 3)

Employment (Page 8)

Financial Highlights 

(Annual Report 2020)

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Employment (Page 8)

102-9

Supply chain

Corporate Profile (Page 3)

Supply Chain Management (Page 5)

102-10

Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain

There were no significant changes to 

the organisation and its supply chain

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

Green-value and Initiatives (Page 12)

102-12

External initiatives

Community Engagement (Page 14)

102-13

Membership of associations

Accreditations, Accolades, 

Memberships and Licenses (Page 5)

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Board Statement (Page 2)

Ethics and Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour

Our Mission, Our Vision (Page 3)

Our Values (Page 4)

Governance

102-18

Governance Structure

Board of Directors (Annual Report 

2020)

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder Groups

Stakeholders (Page 6)

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Not Applicable

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Stakeholders (Page 6)

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholders (Page 6)

Shareholders and Investor Activities 

(Page 6)

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Material Sustainability Topics (Page 7)

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

Corporate Structure (Annual Report 

2020)

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

Reporting Period and Scope (Page 1)

102-47

List of material topics

Material Sustainability Topics (Page 7)

102-48

Restatements of information

Not applicable

102-49

Changes in reporting

Not Applicable

102-50

Reporting period

Reporting Period and Scope (Page 1)

102-51

Date of most recent report

14 October 2019

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

Accessibility (Page 1)

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

15

GRI

CONTENT INDEX


GRI Standard

Disclosure Title

Page Reference &amp; Remarks

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

Reporting Period and Scope (Page 1)

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index (Page 15)

102-56

External assurance

Reporting Period and Scope (Page 1)

Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Page 7 to 14

103-2

The management approach and its components

Page 7 to 14

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Page 7 to 14

Economic Performance

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

Financial Report (Annual Report 

2020)

Employment

401-1

New employee hires and employee turnover

Page 9

401-2

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to 

temporary or part-time employees

Page 8

Occupational Health and Safety

403-1

Workers representation in formal joint management – worker health 

and safety committees

Page 10

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost days, 

and absenteeism, and number of work-related fatalities

Page 10

Training and Education

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

Page 11

404-2

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance 

programmes

Page 11

404-3

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career 

development reviews

Page 11

Community Engagement (Local Communities)

413-1

Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, 

and development programmes

Page 14

Green Value and Initiatives (Energy)

302-1

Energy consumption within the organisation

Page 12

ISOTEAM LTD.

16

GRI

CONTENT INDEX





ISOTEAM LTD.

8 Changi North Street 1

ISOTeam Building

Singapore 498829

T : +65 6747 0220

F : +65 6747 0110

W: www.isoteam.com.sg





































































































