
















SUSTAINABILITY

REPORT 2019

Jardine Cycle &amp; Carriage Limited


SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

02

Message from the Group 

Managing Director

03

2019 Snapshot

04

Significant Events of 2019

05

Group Overview

06

Investments at JC&amp;C

07

Sustainability Management

08

Material Topics and 

Approach to Sustainability

09

Stakeholder Engagement

10

Future Plans and Targets

10

Sustainable Development Goals

GOVERNANCE

11

Corporate Governance

12

Compliance and Code of Conduct

12

Transparency and Anti-Corruption

13

Economic Performance

SOCIAL

15

Health &amp; Safety

16

Labour Practices

18

Engaging Our Communities

ENVIRONMENT

22

Environment

APPENDIX: 2019 ESG DATA

23

Governance

24

Social

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION

28

General Disclosures

31

Topic-Specific Disclosures

CONTENTS

ABOUT THIS REPORT

(GRI 102-1, 102-5, 102-45, 102-46, 102-48, 102-49, 102-50,  

102-51, 102-52, 102-53,102-54, 102-56)

This sustainability report (“SR2019”) covers the financial period 

from 1st January to 31st December 2019. It is focused on 

Jardine Cycle &amp; Carriage's ("JC&amp;C") primary role as an investment 

holding company and the approach towards sustainability at the 

JC&amp;C Group-level. The management of sustainability is determined 

individually by the various subsidiaries and associate companies 

within the Group for their own business operations.

JC&amp;C has been publishing an annual sustainability report since 2017. 

Prior to SR2019, we reported the management of sustainability for 

JC&amp;C parent company and subsidiaries that did not publish their own 

sustainability reports, namely Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore and Cycle &amp; 

Carriage Bintang1. 

SR2019 adheres to Singapore Exchange's ("SGX") Listing Rule 711A  

on preparing an annual sustainability report, which describes our 

sustainability practices with reference to the primary components  

set out in Listing Rule 711B. 

This report is prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative 

Sustainability Reporting Standards (“GRI Standards”): Core option. 

There are no restatements of information and we have not sought 

external assurance at this time. No hard copies of this report are 

printed as part of our efforts to promote resource conservation.

Please share any feedback on our sustainability report or 

sustainability practices by contacting: sustainability@jcclgroup.com

1. Our majority-owned Direct Motor Interests in Myanmar are not included as it is a small-scale 

operation with no meaningful contribution to JC&amp;C’s underlying profit attributable to shareholders.

Company No. 196900092R 

A member of the Jardine Matheson Group

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

01

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL 

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION




2019 was a significant year for us. We marked 

120 years in Southeast Asia. As we celebrated this 

milestone, we also reflected on what sustainability 

meant for us as a business. 

I came onboard Jardine Cycle &amp; Carriage ("JC&amp;C") 

as the Group Managing Director in October 2019. 

Since my introduction into the Group, I have been 

inspired by the strong relationships JC&amp;C has kept 

over the years with our partners. I am excited to 

continue working alongside our people and partners 

to support them in growing with Southeast Asia, 

and at the same time elevate the communities in 

which we operate. 

JC&amp;C holds interests in a wide range of businesses 

across Southeast Asia. We recognise that different 

operations have varied environmental impact as well as 

social needs and expectations from their communities. 

We believe that for each business to be responsible 

and sustainable, it has to critically identify the material 

factors that influence its sector and the communities 

where it has a presence. We encourage our portfolio 

companies to design sustainability roadmaps for the 

specific needs of their businesses. This enables them 

to stay relevant and competitive. 

For JC&amp;C, at the Group level, we focus on ensuring 

high standards of professionalism and governance 

across the businesses. Our material sustainability 

topics are confirmed and overseen by the Board 

with supervision from the JC&amp;C Executive Committee. 

We are proud to report that we have achieved our 

sustainability targets for 2019 and exceeded our 

“ JC&amp;C holds interests in a wide 

range of businesses across 

Southeast Asia. We recognise 

that different operations 

have varied environmental 

impact as well as social needs 

and expectations from their 

communities. We believe 

that for each business to be 

responsible and sustainable, 

it has to critically identify the 

material factors that influence 

its sector and the communities 

where it has a presence.”

target for average training hours per employee by 

four times. We also improved our ranking on the 

Singapore Governance and Transparency Index by 

15 positions. This places us within the top 7% of listed 

companies on the Singapore Exchange for corporate 

governance and open and transparent disclosures.

In 2019, we launched the Jardine Cycle &amp; Carriage 

scholarship across five countries in Southeast 

Asia. Our support for education reinforces JC&amp;C’s 

commitment to investing in the long-term development 

of the region. In 10 years, 60 students would have 

benefitted from the JC&amp;C scholarships, of which 

16 scholarships will run in perpetuity. 

We continue to champion the mental health cause 

in Singapore by supporting MINDSET, a registered 

charity of the Jardine Matheson Group. In 2019, 

MINDSET launched DigitalMINDSET, a flagship 

programme with TOUCH Community Services. 

The programme looks at the mental health issues 

associated with excessive gaming and device use 

amongst youth. Since its launch in August, it has 

proven to be a much-needed initiative with over 

150 referrals received.

These efforts are encouraging, and I look forward 

to more that we can do in 2020. 

On behalf of JC&amp;C’s Board and Management, we 

would like to express our appreciation to our people 

and partners who have been alongside our 120-year 

journey. We look forward to continue growing with 

Southeast Asia and elevating communities.

Benjamin Birks

Group Managing Director 

Representative for the 

Board of Directors

MESSAGE FROM THE GROUP MANAGING DIRECTOR

(GRI 102-14)

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

02

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL 

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION


100% of eligible 

employees

received anti-corruption training

Transparency and anti-corruption

ABOUT JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE

2019 SNAPSHOT

(GRI 102-14)

* Includes 100% of revenue from associates and joint ventures

JC&amp;C'S 2019 SUSTAINABILITY TARGETS

Revenue

US$19bn

Underlying profit attributable 

to shareholders

US$863m

Combined gross revenue*

US$41bn

Dividend per share

US¢87

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

Average employee training 

hours recorded in 2019 was

74.2 hours,

which was 4 times the target 

of 16 hours

Training, performance and career development

There were

zero injuries

in 2019

Health &amp; safety

100% of 

employees

completed employee 

performance reviews

Training, performance and career development

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

03

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL 

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION


“ Both our heritage and our 

way forward lie in working 

together hand-in-hand with 

this diverse and dynamic 

region. Drawing strength from 

our pioneering spirit and the 

inspiring resilience of our 

people and businesses.”

Click to view JC&amp;C video

JANUARY

• JC&amp;C incorporated a new wholly-owned subsidiary known as 

Cycle &amp; Carriage Leasing (“CCL”) Pte Ltd.

FEBRUARY

• JC&amp;C announced the appointment of a new Group Finance Director.

• JC&amp;C announced the appointment of a new Non-Executive Independent 

Director who is also a member of the Audit Committee.

MARCH

• JC&amp;C announced the appointment of a new Managing Director, 

Direct Motor Interests.

APRIL

• JC&amp;C increased its shareholding in Truong Hai Auto 

Corporation (“THACO”) to 26.57%.

• JC&amp;C announced the retirement of an Independent Director, who 

was also the Nominating Committee Chairman and a Member of 

the Audit and Remuneration Committees. These positions were 

filled by existing members of the Board of Directors.

JULY

• JC&amp;C announced the appointment of a new Group Managing Director.

AUGUST

• JC&amp;C launched regional university scholarship programmes 

in celebration of its 120th anniversary in 2019.

SEPTEMBER

• JC&amp;C received Vietnamese regulatory approval to launch 

public tender offer for shares in Refrigeration Electrical 

Engineering Corporation (“REE”). 

NOVEMBER

• JC&amp;C announced the retirement of a Non-Executive Director who 

was also Deputy Chairman and a member of the Audit Committee.

• JC&amp;C announced its proposal to privatise 59.1%-owned Cycle &amp; 

Carriage Bintang Berhad (“CCB”) through a selective capital 

reduction and repayment exercise.

• JC&amp;C announced the completion of the public tender offer for 

shares in REE, increasing its shareholding from 24.90% to 28.97%.

ABOUT JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE

SIGNIFICANT EVENTS OF 2019 

(GRI 102-7, 102-10)

2019 marked JC&amp;C’s 120 years of Southeast 

Asian partnerships and 50 years as a public 

listed company. These milestones attest to 

JC&amp;C’s strong business fundamentals and 

our consistent efforts in improving and 

innovating to drive business sustainability 

for the long term. 

As part of the anniversary celebrations, the 

Jardine Cycle &amp; Carriage Scholarship was 

launched in five countries. The scholarship 

reinforces JC&amp;C’s commitment to invest in 

Southeast Asia. By improving access to 

education, the aim is to help build stronger and 

more prosperous communities across the region.

For more details of the significant events of 2019, please refer to JC&amp;C’s website.



JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

04

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL 

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION


Group Structure as at 31st December 2019

Publishes its own sustainability report

Does not publish its own sustainability report

Jardine Cycle &amp; Carriage is the investment 

holding company of the Jardine Matheson 

Group in Southeast Asia. JC&amp;C seeks  

to grow with Southeast Asia by investing 

in market leading businesses around  

the themes of urbanisation and the 

emerging consumer class. The Group 

works closely with its businesses to 

enable them to achieve their potential 

and to elevate their communities.

The Group has a 50.1% interest in Astra,  

a diversified group in Indonesia, which is 

also the largest independent automotive 

group in Southeast Asia. 

JC&amp;C also has significant interests in 

Vietnam, including 26.6% in Truong Hai 

Auto Corporation, 29% in Refrigeration 

Electrical Engineering Corporation and 

10.6% in Vinamilk. Its 25.5%-owned  

Siam City Cement also has a presence  

in South Vietnam, in addition to operating 

in Thailand, Sri Lanka, Cambodia  

and Bangladesh.

ASTRA 

INTERNATIONAL

50.1%

Automotive

Financial Services

Heavy Equipment, Mining,  

Construction &amp; Energy

Agribusiness

Infrastructure &amp; Logistics

Information Technology

Property

DIRECT MOTOR 

INTERESTS  

100%  

Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore†

59.1%  

Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang

View report here

60%  

Cycle &amp; Carriage Myanmar#

46.2%  

Tunas Ridean^

The other investments in JC&amp;C’s portfolio 

are the Cycle &amp; Carriage businesses in 

Singapore, Malaysia and Myanmar, and 

46.2%-owned Tunas Ridean in Indonesia. 

These motor businesses are managed by 

Jardine International Motors.

JC&amp;C is a leading Singapore-listed company, 

75%-owned by the Jardine Matheson Group. 

Together with its subsidiaries and associates, 

JC&amp;C employs more than 250,000 people 

across Southeast Asia.

The list of principal entities within the 

JC&amp;C group of companies is set out in our 

consolidated Financial Statements 2019.

Our subsidiaries and associate companies 

actively manage their own sustainability 

practices relevant to their respective 

businesses and the communities in which 

they operate. They report their sustainability 

performance and practices within their 

respective annual sustainability reports, 

or in their annual reports or websites.

View report here

OTHER STRATEGIC 

INTERESTS 

29.0% 

Refrigeration Electrical 

Engineering Corporation

View report here

25.5% 

Siam City Cement

View report here

10.6% 

Vinamilk

View report here

26.6% 

Truong Hai Auto Corporation*

ABOUT JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE

GROUP OVERVIEW 

(GRI 102-1, 102-2, 102-3, 102-5, 102-6, 102-7, 102-45, 102-46)

†  Published within JC&amp;C's sustainability reports in 2017 and 2018. Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore will review publishing their own 

separate report going forward

# A small-scale operation which does not produce a sustainability report

^ Various sustainability practices are reported in its annual report, view it here

* Various sustainability practices are reported on its corporate website, view it here

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

05

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL 

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION


OUR STRATEGY

We focus on Southeast Asia, where 

we have proximity, management 

expertise, knowledge, relationships 

and a track record of delivering 

performance.

Our investment themes are around 

the urbanisation and the emerging 

consumer class in Southeast Asia.

We invest in market-leading 

businesses and work closely 

with them to reach their potential 

and elevate their communities.

JC&amp;C aims to grow with Southeast Asia 

and elevate its communities through 

long-term, strategic business interests.

ABOUT JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE

INVESTMENTS AT JC&amp;C 

(GRI 102-16)



Myanmar

60%

Indonesia

50.1%





46.2%



Malaysia

59.1%

Thailand

25.5%





Singapore

100%

Vietnam

26.6%





29%

10.6%



JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

06

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL 

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION


As a holding company, we focus on the governance 

of our Group businesses and the management of 

sustainability at a corporate office level. Maintaining 

a high standard of corporate governance is necessary 

for the long-term success of companies, particularly 

for businesses operating in Southeast Asia’s 

fast-growing markets. 

We hold a diversified portfolio of business interests 

that span a wide range of industries from automotive 

distribution and retail, power generation to property 

development. These investments are in countries that 

are vastly different in their stage of economic 

development such as Singapore and Myanmar. 

We recognise that each industry has a different set of 

obligations and impact in terms of regulation, governance, 

socio-economic reach and sustainability, together with 

changing market forces and consumer demand. 

Instead of prescribing an umbrella sustainability 

framework that may not fit all of these varied businesses 

and communities, or may be too general to be effective,  

it is more important to us that each of our portfolio 

companies critically examines the sustainability of 

its own operations – what are the relevant and material 

ESG factors in its specific sector, the needs of its 

local communities, and the long-term non-financial 

factors – and designs its sustainability policies 

accordingly. In doing so, each company can ensure 

that its sustainability roadmap is appropriate for it 

to stay competitive, relevant and be a market leader. 

Generally, we are able to extend greater influence 

on sustainability for the majority-owned investments 

where we have a larger representation on the Board 

or the management bench. For our non-majority 

owned business interests, we continue to provide 

strategic advice, expertise and influence, where 

appropriate, as partners. 

JC&amp;C partners with our portfolio companies to ensure 

sound corporate governance, professionalism and 

ethical business conduct, to build trust in shareholders, 

stakeholders and the public. 

In accordance with Singapore’s Code of Corporate 

Governance 2018, the Board of Directors is collectively 

responsible for the long-term success of a company. 

One of the Board’s roles is to provide entrepreneurial 

leadership, and set strategic objectives, which should 

include appropriate focus on value creation, innovation 

and sustainability. 

At JC&amp;C, the Board is supported by the JC&amp;C Executive 

Committee on managing and overseeing sustainability 

practices, with the JC&amp;C Legal &amp; Corporate Affairs 

department responsible for facilitation and reporting.  

For a full description of Corporate Governance at JC&amp;C, 

please refer to the Annual Report 2019.

JC&amp;C previously established a Sustainability Steering 

Committee together with the senior management of 

Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore and Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang. 

JC&amp;C will look to establish its own sustainability 

committee focusing on its primary role as an investment 

holding company.

PALM OIL

Our portfolio includes oil palm cultivation by Astra Agro 

Lestari (“AAL”). We are cognisant of the various environmental 

and social issues surrounding oil palm cultivation. At the 

same time, we recognise the social and economic importance 

of this industry. In Indonesia, this industry directly employs 

8.4 million people with an estimated 60 million whose 

livelihoods depend on the crop, directly and indirectly. 

We support AAL's commitment to produce sustainable 

palm oil responsibly – ensuring that there is no deforestation, 

development on peatlands or human exploitation. 

AAL's efforts also include: zero burning, active fire 

management, providing education, training, healthcare 

and housing to local communities, as well as forging 

productive relationships with NGOs.

SUSTAINABILITY AT JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE

SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT

(GRI 102-18)

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

07

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL 

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION


Our sustainability framework is focused on the pillars 

of ‘Governance’, ‘Environmental’ and ‘Social’. This 

enables us to prioritise our efforts and respond 

with specific actions addressing each pillar and its 

corresponding material topics. SR2019 is structured 

to reflect this approach.

To ensure that our sustainability efforts are aligned to 

what is important to our businesses and stakeholders, 

we review the material topics that we report on every 

year. In 2019, our materiality assessment process 

included an employee survey as well as focus groups 

and one-on-one discussions with the senior leadership 

and majority shareholder.

We identified seven material topics for 2019 under 

the pillars of ‘Governance’ and ‘Social’, and these 

were confirmed by the Board of Directors. Please refer 

to the tables in this section for further information. 

No environmental topics were identified as material at the 

JC&amp;C corporate level for 2019. Material environmental 

topics lie at the level of our subsidiaries and associate 

companies and their respective operations, and are detailed 

within their sustainability reports, where available.

GOVERNANCE TOPICS

SOCIAL TOPICS

1

Compliance

10 Community Engagement

2

Corporate Governance

11 Health and Safety

3

Data Fraud or Theft

12 Industry Education

4

Economic Performance

13 Labour Practices

5

Product Responsibility

6

Responsible Investing

7

Responsible Supply Chain Management

8

Sustainable Products

9

Transparency

MATERIALITY MATRIX 

IMPORTANCE TO STAKEHOLDERS 

IMPORTANCE TO THE BUSINESS

Governance Topics

Social Topics

1

2

4

3

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

MATERIAL TOPICS IDENTIFIED AS CRITICAL TO THE BUSINESS

AND SHAREHOLDERS

SUSTAINABILITY AT JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE

MATERIAL TOPICS AND APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

(GRI 102-42, 102-43, 102-44, 102-46, 102-47, 103-1)

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

08

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL 

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION


SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

Material Topics 2019

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL

Strong corporate governance

 C

CM

E

 P

 I

 G

Providing a healthy and safe workplace

E

 P

 I

 G

Compliance with laws and regulations

 C

CM

E

 P

 I

 G

Treating our employees well

 E

 I

 G

Transparency and anti-corruption

 C

CM

E

 P

 I

 G

Engaging communities

CM

E

 G

Economic performance

E

 P

 I

 G

Where impact occurs:

 G

Government/Regulators

 E

Within the company/employees

 I

Investors &amp; Shareholders

 P

Business Partners &amp; Principals

 C

Customers

CM

Communities

SUSTAINABILITY AT JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE

MATERIAL TOPICS AND APPROACH 

TO SUSTAINABILITY 

(GRI 102-42, 102-43, 102-44, 102-46, 102-47, 103-1)

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

(GRI 102-40,102-42, 102-43)

OUR STAKEHOLDERS

We are committed to cultivating relationships 

with our stakeholders to build beneficial and 

enduring partnerships through listening and 

responding. We engage our stakeholders 

through a variety of means, such as meetings, 

reviews, discussions, calls, surveys and 

focus groups.

In 2019, we engaged with stakeholders on 

sustainability matters and used their input 

in the review and assessment of our ESG 

material topics. We wanted to ensure that 

we remained focused on the topics that 

were most important to us and that our 

ESG focus remained relevant.

Stakeholders engaged in 2019 as part 

of the materiality process include:

• Employees

• Shareholders

• Partners

• Regulators

• Industry experts

• Communities 

We wanted to ensure that we remained 

focused on the topics that were most 

important to us and that our ESG focus 

remained relevant.

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

09

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL 

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION


GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL

Strong corporate governance and compliance 

We will continue to adhere to the principles and guidelines on 

corporate governance as set out in the SGX Listing Rules and 

the Singapore's Code of Corporate Governance ("CCG") as 

updated in 2018, focusing on strong corporate governance and 

maintaining high standards for accountability and conduct.

Providing a healthy and safe workplace 

The health and safety of our people are of upmost importance, 

and it is our responsibility as an employer to ensure a safe 

working environment for our employees. We target a zero-injury 

rate year-on-year.

Transparency and anti-corruption 

We will continue to ensure that all employees of JC&amp;C are trained 

in and abide by the Code of Conduct (“CoC”). Our target is to 

maintain 100% training rate, year-on-year, for new hires and the 

re-certification of employees required to undergo training.

Treating our employees well

Continuous learning and development will remain as a key 

priority to ensure our people can develop professionally and 

that capabilities remain relevant. 

• We aim to achieve an average of 16 hours annual training 

per employee year-on-year. 

• We will continue to retain our workforce by keeping turnover 

lower than the general industry. 

• We aim to sustain our placement for the Health Promotion 

Board’s Merit Award for employee wellness every three years. 

• We aim to provide support to ensure that 100% of JC&amp;C’s 

new mothers return to work after their maternity leave.

Economic performance

The Group aims to produce sustained growth in shareholder 

value. We actively and regularly review and manage our capital 

structure to ensure optimal capital structure and shareholder 

returns, taking into consideration the future capital requirements 

of the Group and capital efficiency, prevailing and projected 

profitability, projected operating cash flows, projected capital 

expenditure and projected strategic investment opportunities.

Engaging communities

JC&amp;C is committed to supporting the communities it engages 

in and will continue to invest in the growth of Southeast Asia. 

JC&amp;C will continue to maintain our support for mental health 

through MINDSET Care Limited (“MINDSET”).

SUSTAINABILITY AT JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE

FUTURE PLANS AND TARGETS

The United Nations Sustainable Development Goals 

(“SDGs” or “Goals”) are a universal set of goals to 

end poverty, protect the planet, and ensure prosperity 

for all as part of an international 2030 Agenda for 

Sustainable Development.

The 17 Global Goals with their 169 associated targets 

seek to balance the economic, social and environmental 

dimensions of sustainable development. We recognise 

that, as a business, JC&amp;C can make focused contributions 

to achieving the Goals.

In 2020, the Jardine Matheson Group identified SDGs 

that are especially relevant on a group-wide basis: 

Good Health and Well-Being (SDG 3), Quality Education 

(SDG 4), Decent Work and Economic Growth (SDG 8), 

Responsible Consumption and Production (SDG 12), 

and Climate Action (SDG 13).

For 2020, JC&amp;C plans to shape its sustainability approach 

mainly around these five SDGs, but we may include further 

areas of focus as we examine our business impact on a 

deeper basis. We also plan to map our material sustainability 

topics against these goals where we can make the most 

significant contributions.

SUSTAINABLE 

DEVELOPMENT GOALS

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

10

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL 

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION


To safeguard the interests 

of our stakeholders, we are 

committed to high standards of 

transparency and accountability. 

Strong governance, compliance, 

fair business conduct and behaviour 

are essential standards and values 

that we uphold in managing our 

businesses. Adherence to the 

relevant policies and guidelines 

is important in order to achieve 

the necessary controls that are 

conducive to successful operations, 

reputable business practices and 

proper risk management.

At JC&amp;C, the Board of Directors is the highest 

governance body. Board Committees comprise 

the Audit Committee, Nominating Committee and 

Remuneration Committee. The Board of Directors 

is responsible for corporate governance, together 

with the management team.

JC&amp;C has a Corporate Governance Policies 

Manual (“the Manual”) to assist it to comply 

with the requisite corporate governance principles. 

The Manual sets out the terms of reference of 

the Board and its various committees, and adheres 

to the principles prescribed in Singapore’s Code 

of Corporate Governance (“CCG”) and the SGX 

Listing Rules. Corporate governance policies and 

procedures are actively monitored, and changes 

are made as appropriate to comply with the latest 

developments in the laws, regulations and practices 

of corporate governance in Singapore. Periodic audits 

are also conducted by internal and external auditors 

on various aspects of corporate governance and 

reported to the JC&amp;C Audit Committee, with any 

issues followed up by management.

A Board performance benchmark report is prepared 

annually by external consultant, Deloitte, to report on 

performance measures including share price performance, 

earnings per share (“EPS”) growth and return of capital 

employed (“ROCE”) of JC&amp;C. These are compared against 

the same performance measures of the Straits Times 

Index and the Jakarta Composite Index over a selected 

period of time. The report is presented to the JC&amp;C 

Nominating Committee with any issues followed-up 

by management. 

In 2019, JC&amp;C achieved an overall rank of #42 in the 

Singapore Governance and Transparency Index published 

by the National University of Singapore Business School 

which provides corporate governance performance rating 

for Singapore-listed companies. This score has improved 

consistently over the last three years, up from #57 in 2018 

and #88 in 2017.

The latest Corporate Governance Report is available on 

the JC&amp;C website. It outlines JC&amp;C’s various corporate 

governance practices for the most recently completed 

financial year, and also explains the roles of the Board 

of Directors and its committees.

GOVERNANCE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

(GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, CG-1)

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

11

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL 

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C


Under the JC&amp;C Board’s terms of reference, its role 

includes an exercise to review, at least annually, the 

adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management 

and internal control systems, amongst other compliance 

controls. No cases of non-compliance with laws or 

regulations were identified for JC&amp;C during 2019. 

As a member of the Jardine Matheson Group, JC&amp;C 

adopts the Jardine Matheson Group Code of Conduct 

(the “CoC”). The CoC requires compliance with all 

relevant laws, all rules and regulations applicable to 

each business and with proper standards of business 

conduct. The CoC sets out the standards and values 

that we uphold in operating our businesses, covering 

topics which include, amongst others, anti-competitive 

practices, tax compliance, business licences, exchange 

controls, information security, illicit payments and gifts, 

favours and entertainment. 

All new employees are given a copy of the CoC and 

all employees, existing and new, are required to undergo 

regular e-learning training on the CoC. The CoC is made 

available to all employees via an internal communications 

platform, Workplace by Facebook, which allows employees 

to access the information in the office or on the go. 

Overall, JC&amp;C’s Board of Directors is responsible for 

compliance with the applicable laws and regulations, 

together with the senior management team. Each 

department head is responsible for compliance under 

their area of responsibility, with senior managers 

expected to interpret and adapt the policy to their operating 

environment. Additionally, the finance department is 

responsible for compliance with financial reporting 

requirements and tax compliance, with the legal department 

supporting the overall compliance requirements of 

the company. 

We believe in and encourage the early reporting of matters 

of serious concern that may affect the professional and 

compliant operation of our businesses and reputation. 

In addition to the CoC, we also have in place a whistleblowing 

policy that comes under the purview of the JC&amp;C Audit 

Committee. This ensures independent investigation and 

appropriate follow-up action on any concerns raised, including 

those raised anonymously. Any cases reported are monitored 

centrally by appointed management representatives. 

Our policy on reporting matters of serious concern is 

available on our website, as well as on our Workplace by 

Facebook site ensuring easy access by all employees.

TRANSPARENCY AND ANTI-CORRUPTION 

(GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 205-2)

JC&amp;C is of the view that it is vital to have a 

well-managed business and to attract the right people 

who will uphold our commercial standing and reputation. 

Being transparent and combating corruption are 

necessary to ensure that our operations are conducted 

in a fair and lawful manner. 

The CoC is aimed at upholding high standards of 

honesty, integrity and fair dealing. 

To enable us to better evaluate our anti-corruption 

effectiveness, we conduct twice yearly control 

and compliance checklists on areas that include 

illicit payments and favours as well as requiring 

the reporting of matters of serious concern. 

Returns are signed off by the business heads 

and management team, then reported to the 

JC&amp;C Audit Committee for review. 

Effective from October 2015, all JC&amp;C employees are 

required to undergo a CoC e-learning course or be 

required to undergo anti-corruption training. Recertification 

for the CoC e-learning course is required every two years. 

In 2019, we achieved our target of 100% of eligible 

employees trained and recertified. A full breakdown 

of the numbers for the 2019 anti-corruption training 

is given in the Appendix: ESG Data.

GOVERNANCE

COMPLIANCE AND CODE OF CONDUCT

(GRI 102-16, 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, C-1)

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

12

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL 

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C


GOVERNANCE

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

(GRI 102-7, 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 201-1)

GROUP RESULTS

Year ended 31st December

2019 

US$m

Restated†

2018

US$m

Change

%

2019

S$m

Revenue

18,591 

18,992

-2

25,350

Underlying profit attributable to shareholders#

863

856

1

1,177

Non-trading items^

18

(438)

nm*

25

Profit attributable to shareholders

881 

418

111

1,202

Shareholders’ funds 

6,860

6,144

12

9,243

US¢

US¢

S¢

Underlying earnings per share#

218

217

1

298

Earnings per share

223

106

111

304

Dividend per share

87

87

–

117

US$

US$

S$

Net asset value per share

17.36

15.55

12

23.39

JC&amp;C GROUP 2019 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

The exchange rate of US$1= S$1.35 (31st December 2018: US$1= S$1.37) was used for translating assets and liabilities at the balance sheet date and US$1= S$1.36 (2018: US$1= S$1.35 ) was used 

for translating the results for the period. The financial results for the year ended 31st December 2019 have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards.

† The accounts have been restated due to changes in accounting policies upon adoption of IFRS 16 Leases.

# The Group uses underlying profit in its internal financial reporting to distinguish between ongoing business performance and non-trading items. Items classified as non-trading items include fair 

value gains or losses on revaluation of investment properties, agricultural produce and equity investments which are measured at fair value through profit and loss; gains and losses arising from the 

sale of businesses, investments and properties; impairment of non-depreciable intangible assets and other investments; provisions for closure of businesses; acquisition-related costs in business 

combinations and other credits and charges of a non-recurring nature that require inclusion in order to provide additional insight into the Group's underlying business performance.

^ Included in ‘non-trading items’ are unrealised gain/losses arising from the revaluation of the Group’s equity investments.

* not meaningful

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

13

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL 

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C


Being invested in market-leading companies that support 

the urbanisation and growing consumer class in Southeast 

Asia means that the JC&amp;C Group generates significant 

economic value through its business interests across 

the region and for its shareholders. 

We aim to support the growth of our portfolio companies 

through one or more of the following ways:

• Influencing business strategy and direction through 

board and management representation

• Providing capital and access to capital

• Sharing resources which include our vast Jardines 

network, relationships and best practices

• Providing access to our Jardines talent pool

• Instilling high standards of professionalism 

and integrity 

To monitor JC&amp;C’s financial performance, we actively 

and regularly review and manage our capital structure 

to ensure optimal shareholder returns, considering 

future capital requirements and capital efficiency, prevailing 

and projected profitability, projected operating cash flows, 

capital expenditure and strategic investment opportunities, 

before the distribution of economic value to shareholders.

As a listed company, the financial performance of JC&amp;C 

is audited annually, and financial results reported on SGX. 

The share prices are in turn determined by the stock market.

The Group uses underlying profit in its internal financial 

reporting to distinguish between ongoing business 

performance and non-trading items. Items classified as 

non-trading items include fair value gains or losses on 

revaluation of investment properties and agricultural 

produce; gains and losses arising from sale of businesses, 

investments and properties; impairment of non-depreciable 

intangible assets and other investments; provisions for 

closure of businesses; acquisition-related costs in business 

combinations and other credits and charges of a non-recurring 

nature that require inclusion in order to provide additional 

insight into the Group’s underlying business performance.

JC&amp;C has policies and procedures in place to ensure 

goods and services obtained or paid for represent good 

value and are obtained on fair and competitive terms. 

Employees are treated fairly and impartially, and we 

comply with the necessary tax laws and regulations. 

We also receive various government financial assistance 

in Singapore in the form of tax relief and tax credits, as 

well as certain grants. In 2019, over S$62,000 was 

received in governmental assistance for our operations, 

including S$18,000 in grants for Special Employment 

Credit and Wage Credit Schemes. Of the amounts received 

in 2019, 100% of the tax relief and tax credits were the 

result of statutory rebates and deductions that are eligible 

to all Singapore companies. 

JC&amp;C is committed to growing alongside and contributing 

to the development of Southeast Asia. We respect the 

needs of the communities that we operate in. See 

Engaging our Communities section for further details 

of our community investments.

GOVERNANCE

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

(GRI 102-7, 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 201-1)

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

14

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL 

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C


As a holding company, JC&amp;C’s operations are office-based 

in Singapore. Our material social topics are primarily 

focused on the well-being of our employees headquartered 

in Singapore, providing a safe workplace and delivering 

opportunities for career development. We believe in 

treating employees well and with respect. We invest in 

our employees and strive to foster a culture of engagement. 

We develop our employees’ capabilities for their current 

and future roles, as well as give our people a voice. These 

are essential to employee engagement and fundamental 

to driving the quality and retention of our people, which 

is key to the long-term sustainability of the business.

SOCIAL

HEALTH &amp; SAFETY

GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 403-1, 403-2, 403-3, 403-4, 403-5, 403-6, 403-7)

Health and safety are paramount to our people’s 

welfare, and in ensuring that our business operates 

with minimal disruption.

JC&amp;C complies with the safety and health management 

arrangements set out in Singapore’s Workplace Safety &amp; 

Health Act. Our office is located in a complex managed 

by Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore, which has designated 

safety officers who review workplace safety guidelines 

and oversee implementation of measures within the 

premises. Incidents are recorded and investigated, 

with feedback from reports applied to address and 

rectify any potential concerns for improvement and 

the prevention of incidents. Our office premises have 

attained the BizSAFE 3 standard for operations in 

Singapore and we will strive to maintain this standard.

Health and safety matters are further managed by the 

Workplace Health and Safety Committee and the Company 

Emergency Response Team from Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore. 

The committee comprises the complex manager who is 

advised by an external Group Safety Advisor. Each member 

of the Emergency Response Team is required to undergo 

training to attain certification. Incident report forms are 

reviewed by worker representatives and rectifications are 

recommended and implemented. A whistleblowing platform 

is also available for workers to report unsafe work 

conditions confidentially.

Our long-term goal is to build a healthy and happy 

workforce to increase workplace productivity and achieve 

our business goals. The company adopts a work-life 

balance approach by creating a supportive and conducive 

work environment as well as engaging our employees 

through our Workplace Health Programme ("WHP"), 

flexi-work scheme and other initiatives. Our WHP 

encompasses physical, mental and social health initiatives 

and activities to encourage and engage employees to 

maintain good health. All employees receive complimentary 

health screening every three years. Healthy lifestyles are 

also promoted through lunchtime awareness talks, healthy 

bites meal alternatives, evening exercise classes, sporting 

events and other interactive activities. 

JC&amp;C takes a compassionate approach in providing 

non-occupational medical and healthcare for its employees. 

The company’s medical outpatient programmes cover 

specialist treatments with no caps at all government 

restructured hospitals. Non-traditional treatments 

such as Traditional Chinese Medicine, are also eligible 

for reimbursement under the company’s outpatient policy. 

We also provide comprehensive medical insurance coverage 

for inpatient treatment and long-term treatment including 

psychiatric care and dialysis. 

For employees who require extended care, the company 

has a long-term medical leave programme that offers 

paid salary for up to 12 months and guaranteed 

employment up to 18 months while the employee seeks 

medical recovery.

This year, we have achieved our target of a zero minor-incident 

rate. A full breakdown of health and safety figures for 2019 is 

provided in the Appendix: ESG Data.

Looking to the long-term success 

of our businesses, we value 

partnerships with our stakeholders 

and communities, respect their 

views and seek to support their 

needs. We acknowledge that the 

needs would not be the same for 

different societies and people. 

Our portfolio companies operating 

in different markets therefore manage 

their own social topics to ensure 

relevance to their local communities.

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

15

SOCIAL 

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION


A human resources policy is in place covering hiring 

and employment including compensation and benefits, 

as well as training and development aspects. This is 

reviewed regularly by the Human Resources (“HR”) 

division, taking into consideration feedback from new 

hire/exit interviews, performance reviews, and employee 

engagement results. The HR division is also responsible 

for aligning our practices with legislative requirements 

while evaluating our benefit schemes through insights 

from participation in market surveys. 

JC&amp;C ensures the implementation of the provisions 

as stated in Singapore’s Employment Act, while considerations 

for bargainable employees, such as working hours, break 

times and meal allowances, are set out in the collective 

agreement with the trade union in Singapore.

The effectiveness of our approach towards labour practices 

is assessed through our employee engagement surveys 

undertaken every two to three years, as well as through 

employee feedback during exit interviews and performance 

reviews combined with the measurement of indicators 

through data analysis and scheduled reporting. An annual 

external audit also helps us to monitor our labour practices 

against industry standards.

A grievance procedure for any labour concerns is 

also available to employees. This includes a procedure 

to ensure grievances are addressed or elevated to 

executive management or the Commissioner for Labour 

for conciliation to settle the matter to the satisfaction of 

the employee.

OUR WORKFORCE

(GRI 102-7, 102-8, 103-1, 103-2, 103-3)

In 2019, JC&amp;C employed a total of 52 employees, the 

majority based in Singapore with representative staff 

members in Malaysia (2), Myanmar (2) and Vietnam (1).

Our workforce has been reduced by 27% since 2018 as 

a significant group of employees has been transferred 

to a new management company within the Jardine 

Matheson Group, to Jardine International Motors. 

A full breakdown of our employment figures for 2019 

is provided in the Appendix: ESG Data.

Under 30 years old 

30–50 years old

Over 50 years old

67.3%

5.8%

BREAKDOWN BY AGE

26.9%

BREAKDOWN BY GENDER

Male

Female

36.5%

63.5%

BREAKDOWN BY EMPLOYMENT TYPE

Functional Employees

Middle Management

Senior Management

19.2%

36.5%

44.2%

SOCIAL

LABOUR PRACTICES

(GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3)

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

16

SOCIAL 

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION


EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

(GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 401-2, 401-3)

Apart from complying with the relevant statutory 

requirements related to employment in Singapore, 

including retirement provision ("CPF"), we also provide 

benefits such as medical insurance, flexi-working hours 

and telecommuting.

In 2019, JC&amp;C rolled out a flexi-work scheme that 

allowed employees to telecommute. They had the 

option of working from home or another location that 

suited their needs. In addition, flexi-working hours were 

introduced to enable employees to balance their other 

commitments e.g. childcare, with work responsibilities. 

To evaluate the success of the new scheme and for 

further improvement, the HR division conducted a 

post-scheme survey to gather feedback from employees 

on the initiative. The flexi-work arrangements were 

introduced to improve the well-being of our employees. 

We believe in actively supporting working mothers 

and fathers. All employees are eligible for paid parental 

leave, with an additional six days of childcare leave 

(for those with pre-schoolers) and up to six days of 

unpaid infant care leave annually. We ensure that 

employees receive the statutory maternity leave 

allowance of eight or 16 weeks in Singapore and up to 

four weeks of shared parental leave. All working fathers 

are also entitled to two weeks of paid paternity leave.

All employees who took parental leave (e.g. maternity or 

paternity leave) in 2018 continued to be employed with 

the company in 2019, achieving a 100% 12-month retention 

rate. In 2019, four employees took parental leave, of which 

two employees returned to work in 2019. The remaining 

two employees are due to return to work in 2020. 

A full breakdown of our parental leave figures for 

2019 is provided in the Appendix: ESG Data.

TRAINING, PERFORMANCE AND 

CAREER DEVELOPMENT

(GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 401-1, 401-2, 404-3)

We believe in developing employees’ capabilities for their 

current and future roles for the long-term sustainability 

of the business. To encourage further learning, we have 

an Education Assistance Programme that sponsors our 

employees’ education, providing them further opportunities 

for professional and personal development. In addition, 

succession planning arrangements are also in place to provide 

career development routes for our employees, as well as 

to ensure a smooth transition in the event of change.

Recognising that learning and development can be extended 

to a wider group of employees by leveraging digital technology, 

we introduced the Learning @ Jardines MindGym programme 

in 2019. Conducted over an interactive e-learning platform, 

employees were able to engage effectively with the trainer 

and other employees across the wider Jardines group on 

topics that were helpful to their work and relevant to their 

career pathways. A total of 14 JC&amp;C employees participated 

in the training programme. JC&amp;C plans to roll this out further 

to more employees over a wider scope of learning topics 

to enhance their careers with us. 

In 2019, we exceeded our target of an annual average 

of 16 hours of training per employee and recorded an 

average of 72.8 hours. 

In 2019, retirement consultation sessions were 

held to assess employees’ readiness for retirement 

or re-employment, with options such as part-time work 

or contract work explored during such discussions. 

There were no cases of retirement in 2019.

All employees receive an annual performance and 

career development review. This serves to evaluate 

performance as well as align the training needs of 

employees with business objectives. We achieved 

our target of 100% of eligible employees receiving 

a performance review. 

A full breakdown of training, performance and 

career development reviews in 2019 is given in the 

Appendix: ESG Data.

EMPLOYEE RETENTION AND RECRUITMENT

(GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 401-1)

We believe in treating our people well and aim for 

them to build fulfilling careers with us. The average 

length of stay for our employees at JC&amp;C is nearly 

10 years. This attests to the success of our employee 

engagement efforts and the career opportunities that 

we provide.

On an ongoing basis, we review our people policies 

and initiatives for improvement. This includes seeking 

feedback through exit interviews with employees 

who have chosen to leave us. Information gathered 

is reviewed and analysed on a quarterly basis by our 

HR division. A full breakdown of new hire and turnover 

figures for 2019 is provided in the Appendix: ESG Data.

SOCIAL

LABOUR PRACTICES

(GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3)

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

17

SOCIAL 

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION


We believe in being a business that looks beyond 

mere profitability. JC&amp;C has strategically invested 

in the growth of Southeast Asia for 120 years, not just 

in terms of business interests but also in supporting 

the communities we engage with. Over the years, 

we have supported many community development 

initiatives. In Singapore, JC&amp;C is focused and committed 

to supporting mental health, an area that is under-served 

and lacks meaningful support from the private sector.

INVESTING IN EDUCATION IN SOUTHEAST ASIA 

THROUGH JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SCHOLARSHIPS 

As a company that is focused on Southeast Asia, JC&amp;C 

aims to grow alongside it. To mark our long-term commitment 

to this region and as part of our 120-year anniversary 

celebrations, JC&amp;C launched a series of scholarships to 

support and nurture the development of local talents and 

educational institutions. 

The endowments and donations are long-term in nature 

and JC&amp;C’s support for the partnering education institutions 

*  An endowment is a donation that is invested in a permanent fund to generate annual income (% interest on the principal sum) to fund scholarships in perpetuity. An expendable gift 

is a donation that does not generate income and is on a term basis. The donation sum will be drawn down each year to fund scholarships as long as there remain sufficient funds.

University

Type of Support*

Number of Scholars

National University of Singapore

Endowment and expendable gift

4 (annually in perpetuity) 

University of Malaya

Endowment and expendable gift

4 (annually in perpetuity) 

Universitas Indonesia

Endowment and expendable gift

8 (annually in perpetuity) 

Chulalongkorn University

Expendable gift

8

Vietnam National University

Expendable gift

12

Total

16 (annually in perpetuity)

60 (ends 2032)

will run in perpetuity or for a sustained period of 

eight to 12 years. In the next 10 years, about 60 

Southeast Asian undergraduates will receive the 

Jardine Cycle &amp; Carriage scholarships. 

The universities selected are widely accepted as 

the most established and top-ranking universities 

in the respective countries. Candidates are 

recommended by the universities and selected based 

on academic results, means testing (household income 

levels) and personal qualities and character that reflect 

high commitment to the performance of public duties 

and/or community involvement. JC&amp;C will work closely 

with the universities to ensure that all funds are properly 

channelled to the selected students for their 

education fees.

SOCIAL

ENGAGING OUR COMMUNITIES 

(GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 201-1,413-1, CE-1)

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

18

SOCIAL 

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION


Jointly with other Jardine Matheson companies in Singapore, contributions to mental health 

include:

JC&amp;C Group

Jardine Matheson Group# 

2019

From 

2011 to 2019

2019

From  

2011 to 2019

Total funds donated and committed 

to mental health programmes*

S$531,000

S$1.9 million

S$1.6 million

S$7.5 million

No. of Jardine Ambassadors 

(employee volunteers)

8

38

24

193

No. of employee volunteer hours

736

c. 8,100 hrs

4,356

c. 41,000 hrs

* Including total pledged plus ad hoc donations

# Including business associates and employees

EFFORTS IN MENTAL HEALTH 

In 2019, mental health was an area of 

emphasis for the President’s Challenge, 

following a call by Singapore’s President 

to the nation to do its part to build a 

more caring and inclusive society. 

MINDSET’s focus is strongly aligned 

with this direction.

Apart from financial contribution, JC&amp;C 

provides people, expertise and resources 

to support MINDSET. Its senior leaders 

and management are actively involved 

in the governance and operations of the 

charity. The Group Managing Director 

of JC&amp;C is the Chairman of MINDSET, 

and the Group General Counsel of JC&amp;C 

is the Chief Executive Officer of MINDSET. 

Various members of JC&amp;C’s management 

are also the advisors to the MINDSET 

Steering Committee in the key areas 

of communications, legal and treasury.

In addition, the communications, 

finance and legal functions of MINDSET 

are supported by JC&amp;C employees. 

JC&amp;C’s Legal &amp; Corporate Affairs 

department also serves as MINDSET’s 

secretariat to plan, manage and 

execute MINDSET initiatives. 



JC&amp;C also supports MINDSET with 

employee volunteers known as Jardine 

Ambassadors. Under this employee 

volunteer programme, employees commit 

to a two-year stint to organise and execute 

MINDSET activities. Since 2012, there 

have been 38 Jardine Ambassadors 

from JC&amp;C, and in 2019, they clocked 

736 volunteering hours in supporting 

mental health. Moving forward in 2020, 

Jardine Ambassadors will be provided 

an opportunity to extend their stint to 

a third year to provide additional support 

for the programme. 

As part of the Jardine Matheson Group, 

JC&amp;C shares the same belief in the social 

reintegration of people with mental illness 

and providing job opportunities is one 

of  the means to achieve this. In 2019, 

31 clients of MINDSET were provided 

with job opportunities, with three of them 

placed with JC&amp;C. MINDSET has successfully 

placed a total of 193 mental health clients 

into jobs across the Jardine Matheson Group 

since 2011. MINDSET also facilitated the 

placement of five menta health clients in 

jobs outside the Jardine Matheson Group, 

extending this meaningful initiative to 

more companies. 

SOCIAL

ENGAGING OUR COMMUNITIES 

(GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 201-1,413-1, CE-1)

Click to view video

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

19

SOCIAL 

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION


MINDSET – THE JARDINE MATHESON CHARITY 

FOR MENTAL HEALTH 

MINDSET is focused on combating social stigma 

surrounding mental health issues by raising awareness 

and building understanding. It seeks to support the social 

AWARENESS &amp; 

OUTREACH

BACK TO THE 

WORKFORCE

SOCIAL  

ENTERPRISE

FUNDRAISING AND 

ALLOCATION

To raise awareness of 

MINDSET’s objectives 

among employees and the 

public as well as reduce 

social stigma associated 

with mental health issues 

through talks, campaigns, 

and Mini-MINDSET Days.

To promote social and 

community acceptance 

through reintegration and 

to source for job openings 

and work training 

opportunities within as 

well as outside of the 

Jardine Matheson Group 

of companies.

To help mental health 

clients gain a source 

of income through 

profit-generating 

business activities.

To raise funds through 

community and corporate 

engagements or 

partnerships, for mental 

health projects and 

charitable organisations.

SOCIAL

ENGAGING OUR COMMUNITIES 

(GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 201-1,413-1, CE-1)

reintegration of people with mental health issues through 

employment opportunities and social enterprise initiatives, 

as well as fund raising and allocating resources to related 

projects and programmes. Its efforts are focused on 

four areas:

It is important for MINDSET to uphold high standards 

of governance and transparency; this allows the charity 

to gain donors’ confidence and trust in donating to our 

cause. MINDSET has been awarded the Charity Transparency 

Award for exemplary standards of transparency and 

governance for four consecutive years. 

In August 2019, MINDSET partnered TOUCH Community 

Services ("TOUCH") to launch DigitalMINDSET, an intervention 

programme targeted at managing pathological gamers’ 

addictive behaviour, while keeping their mental health in 

check. With the World Health Organisation’s inclusion of 

‘gaming disorder’ as a mental health condition, MINDSET 

and TOUCH hope to draw attention to this issue that is 

growing in prevalence amongst the youths in Singapore 

today. The nine-month programme includes one-to-one 

and family counselling, as well as group therapy sessions 

that include activities such as behavioural and personality 

profiling. Apart from funding, MINDSET is actively involved 

in the programme through its Jardine Ambassadors who 

offer support and mentorship to the youths participating 

in the programme.

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

20

SOCIAL 

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION


  Together with the Jardine Matheson Group, MINDSET co-organised and sponsored the 

International Together Against Stigma Conference 2019, which was held in Singapore 

for the first time. 

  Opened the SGX Securities Market by striking the SGX Gong.

  Awarded the Charity Transparency Award for the fourth consecutive year for exemplary 

governance and transparency practices. 

MINDSET'S HIGHLIGHTS

  Launched Art Therapy Meets with the Singapore Association for Mental Health to raise 

awareness through interactive art exhibitions and tours. The two-day exhibition was 

attended by 900 participants.

  Partnered Guardian Health &amp; Beauty to sell Christmas-packaged candies to raise greater 

awareness of mental health and wellbeing. A total of 3,000 boxes were sold in three months.

  Set up DigitalMINDSET with TOUCH Community Services, with a support of S$1.6 million 

over five years from MINDSET. The intervention programme is targeted at managing 

pathological gamers' behaviour and excessive device use, as well as helping them regulate 

their emotions. 

  Raised S$1.5 million in five years for MINDSET Learning Hub (“MLH”) through The MINDSET 

Challenge &amp; Carnival, the annual fund raiser. Since 2016, MLH has provided 247 job 

placements and trained 372 individuals. 









SOCIAL

ENGAGING OUR COMMUNITIES 

(GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 201-1,413-1, CE-1)

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

21

SOCIAL 

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION


At the corporate office level for JC&amp;C, we are committed 

to promoting higher efficiency and more sustainable 

practices at our head office. Promoting conscious 

consumption is one way that we contribute to the 

management of our own environmental impact and 

influence our employees to adopt sustainable habits. 

The initiatives below were rolled out in 2019 to reduce 

our consumption. 

GOING DIGITAL TO CUT BUSINESS WASTE

The reduction of business waste is one way in which 

JC&amp;C minimises its impact on the environment. It is said 

that nine out of 10 business cards received are thrown 

away, with most of them contributing to landfill instead 

of being recycled. In this respect, we have replaced paper 

business cards with digital business cards. Taking things 

one step further than simply printing on recycled paper, 

digital business cards is an eco-friendly alternative towards 

conscious consumption of a valuable resource – paper.

While the switch to digital business cards does not 

contribute to a significant amount of paper saved – less 

than 2% of a tree, it is hoped that this will also serve as a 

reminder to many that there are often digital alternatives 

that can help conserve resources and reduce waste.

REDUCING BOTTLED WATER CONSUMPTION

Recognising the need to reduce plastic waste, water 

dispensers were installed in all our meeting rooms 

to replace the bottled water previously provided. 

We hope to create greater impact by significantly 

reducing single-use plastic bottles. To encourage 

employees to practise conscious consumption, they 

are encouraged to bring along non-disposable cups or 

tumblers to meetings.

As an investor across diverse sectors, 

our approach to environmental 

topics is to be keenly aware of 

the conditions at both industry 

and country levels, and to support 

our portfolio companies in the 

management of their individual 

environmental matters relevant 

to their business. To be effectively 

and responsibly managed, material 

environmental topics have to rest with 

the business itself and its operations. 

The management of material 

environmental topics together 

with performance during the year 

are detailed in each of our portfolio 

companies’ sustainability reports, 

where available.

ENVIRONMENT

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

22

ENVIRONMENT

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL 

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION


Training on anti-corruption

Employees trained

Total number of 

employees required to 

complete e-learning*

Percentage

Senior management employees

4

4

100%

Middle management employees

2

2

100%

Functional employees (administration, technical, production, etc)

2

2

100%

Total

8

8

100%

Recertification on anti-corruption policies*

Employees trained

Total number of 

employees required to 

complete recertification*

Percentage

Senior management employees

6

6

100%

Middle management employees

2

2

100%

Functional employees (administration, technical, production, etc)

6

6

100%

Total

14

14

100%

* The data shows the number of non-bargainable and sales employees required to complete e-learning recertification in 2019.

APPENDIX: 2019 ESG DATA

GOVERNANCE

(GRI 205-2)

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

23

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL 

ENVIRONMENT

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION


Health &amp; Safety figures#

Male

Female

Total

Fatalities

0

0

0

Fatality rate*

0

0

0

Minor injuries

0

0

0

Minor injury rate*

0

0

0

Major injuries

0

0

0

Major injury rate*

0

0

0

# 

Incidents are recorded via an Incident Report form and includes description of incident, causes and rectification actions.

* Rates are calculated based on per million working hours adopted from the International Labour Organisation (ILO). Figures are based on number of permanent employees 

working 8-hour days.

Health &amp; Safety definitions

Major injuries

Injuries that require beyond first aid treatment

Minor injuries

Injuries that can be treated with first aid

Lost days

Days that could not be counted as work because of workers being unable to perform their usual duties 

due to an occupational accident or disease

Occupational disease

Disease arising from a work situation or activity, or from a work-related injury

Absentee days

Lost days and absence leave excluding permitted leave absence such as parental leave and study leave

APPENDIX: 2019 ESG DATA

SOCIAL 

(GRI 401-1, 401-3, 403-9, 404-3)

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

24

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL 

ENVIRONMENT

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION


Employment figures*

NUMBERS BY EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT

Permanent (Male) 

19

Permanent (Female)

32

Temporary (Male)

0

Temporary (Female)

1

Total

52

NUMBERS BY EMPLOYMENT TYPE (PERMANENT ONLY)

Full-time (Male)

19

Full-time (Female)

31

Part-time (Male)

0

Part-time (Female)

1

Total

51

Proportion of total employees covered by collective bargaining agreements

14%

* JC&amp;C employees are mostly based in Singapore, with 2 located in Malaysia, 2 in Myanmar, and 1 in Vietnam.

APPENDIX: 2019 ESG DATA

SOCIAL 

(GRI 401-1, 401-3, 403-9, 404-3)

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

25

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL 

ENVIRONMENT

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION


Parental leave figures for permanent employees

Male

Female

Total

Employees who returned after parental leave which started in 2018

1

1

2

Employees who are still employed 12 months after returning 

from parental leave which started in 2018 

1

1

2

Retention rate after parental leave in 2018

100.0%

100.0%

100.0%

Employees who started parental leave in 2019

1

3

4

Employees who returned after parental leave which started in 2019

1

1

2

Return rate after parental leave in 2019 

100.0%

33.3%

50.0%

APPENDIX: 2019 ESG DATA

SOCIAL 

(GRI 401-1, 401-3, 403-9, 404-3)

Training for permanent employees

Average hours of training

Percentage of employees trained

Senior management employees

32.2

68.4%

Middle management employees

336.2

55.5%

Functional employees

3.2

26%

Male employees

28.4

52.6%

Female employees

99.2

43.8%

Overall (all employees)

72.8

47% 

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

26

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL 

ENVIRONMENT

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION


Permanent employees receiving performance and development reviews*

Number

Percentage

EMPLOYMENT GROUP

Senior management employees

18

94.7%

Middle management employees

9

100.0%

Functional employees

23

100.0%

Total

50

98.0%

GENDER

Male

18

94.7%

Female

32

100.0%

Total

50

98.0%

* Reviews are applicable to confirmed employees only and exclude employees seconded overseas. Data presented shows rates calculated against full permanent employee 

count, and therefore the difference represents employees seconded overseas. 

APPENDIX: 2019 ESG DATA

SOCIAL 

(GRI 401-1, 401-3, 403-9, 404-3)

Recruitment

Age group

Gender

Total

Under 30

30-50

Over 50

Male

Female

Total employees*

3

34

14

19

32

51

NEW HIRES

Number of joiners

1

3

0

1

3

4

Hire rate

33%

9%

0%

5%

9%

8%

TURNOVER

Number of leavers**

3

5

2

9

1

10

Turnover rate

100%

15%

14%

47%

3%

20%

* Permanent employees as at 31st December 2019

** Majority of leavers were employees who were transferred to Jardine International Motors 

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

27

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL 

ENVIRONMENT

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION


GENERAL DISCLOSURES

GRI Standard 102: General Disclosures 2016

Disclosure

Description

Page reference or additional comment

Organisational profile

102-1

Name of the organisation

Jardine Cycle &amp; Carriage

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

05

102-3

Location of headquarters

JC&amp;C is headquartered in Singapore and listed on the Singapore Exchange

102-4

Location of operations

Annual Report 2019, page 02, 13-15

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Public listed company limited by shares, incorporated in Singapore

102-6

Markets served 

JC&amp;C Group is headquartered in Singapore, with interests in companies based in Singapore, Malaysia, Myanmar, Indonesia, Vietnam and 

Thailand. JC&amp;C invests in multi-industry diversified businesses including automotive, dairy, cement, real estate and agriculture.

102-7

Scale of the organisation

04, 05, 13, 14, 16

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Workforce is not seasonal

102-9

Supply chain

The supply chain for JC&amp;C as a holding company is based around its office operations. The office is located within a building complex 

operated by its subsidiary Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore, with most of its shared services sourced and managed jointly with Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Singapore. The total number of vendors engaged is 148, primarily from Singapore.

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain

04

102-11

Precautionary principle and approach

JC&amp;C has a formal risk management process to identify, evaluate and manage significant risks impacting the Group. The process is 

regularly reviewed to include new elements that aim to make it more comprehensive, of greater value to the Audit Committee and in line 

with current best practice.

Management is required to comprehensively identify and assess significant risks in terms of the likelihood of occurrence, magnitude and 

speed of impact. Management is also required to identify and evaluate the adequacy and implementation of mechanisms to manage, 

mitigate, avoid or eliminate these risks.

More information on JC&amp;C’s risk management approach and the major residual risk exposures for 2019 can be found in the Annual Report 2019.

102-12

External initiatives

Sustainability reporting under SGX Listing Rules, Singapore Code of Corporate Governance 2018, Institute of Internal Audit Standards

102-13

Membership of associations

Singapore Institute of Directors (SID), Singapore International Chamber of Commerce (SICC), Investor Relations Professionals Association 

(IRPAS), British Chamber of Commerce, Singapore Business Federation, Singapore National Employer's Federation, Singapore Corporate 

Counsel Association, CSR Asia Strategic Partner.

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: CORE OPTION

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: CORE OPTION

(GRI 102-54, 102-55)

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

28

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL 

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA


GENERAL DISCLOSURES

GRI Standard 102: General Disclosures 2016

Disclosure

Description

Page reference or additional comment

Strategy

102-14

Statement from the most senior decision-maker 

02, 03

Ethics and integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour such as codes of conduct and 

codes of ethics

06, 12

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

Refer to the Corporate Governance Report in Annual Report 2019

Stakeholder engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups 

09

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Not relevant for JC&amp;C

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

08, 09

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

08, 09

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

08, 09

Reporting practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements

For a full list, please refer to 'Principal Subsidiaries Associates and Joint Ventures’ within the Annual Report 2019

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

01, 05, 08, 09

102-47

List of material topics

08, 09

102-48

Restatements of information

01

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: CORE OPTION

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: CORE OPTION

(GRI 102-54, 102-55)

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

29

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL 

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA


GENERAL DISCLOSURES

GRI Standard 102: General Disclosures 2016

Disclosure

Description

Page reference or additional comment

Reporting practice

102-49

Changes in reporting

01

102-50

Reporting period

1st January to 31st December 2019

102-51

Date of most recent report

24th May 2019. Report for the period 1st January to 31st December 2018

102-52

Reporting cycle

Reports are published on annual basis

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report

Please share any feedback on our sustainability report or our sustainability practices by contacting: sustainability@jcclgroup.com

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards

This report is prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option

102-55

GRI content index

30-33

102-56

External assurance

No external assurance has been sought for this report

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: CORE OPTION

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: CORE OPTION

(GRI 102-54, 102-55)

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

30

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL 

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA


TOPIC-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

GRI Standard 102: General Disclosures 2016

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Description

Page reference or additional comment

Topic: Corporate governance

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

08, 09, 11

103-2

The management approach and its components 

08, 09, 11

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

08, 09, 11

Non-GRI

CG-1

Standards and regulation applied, and external performance rankings

11

Topic:Transparency and anti-corruption

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

08, 09, 12

103-2

The management approach and its components 

08, 09, 12

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

08, 09, 12

GRI 205: 

Anti-corruption 

2016

205-2

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures

12, 23

All policies and procedures are communicated to employees 

and available via Workplace by Facebook.

Information is not available for communication of policies to 

business partners or training of governance body members.

Topic: Compliance 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

08, 09, 12

103-2

The management approach and its components 

08, 09, 12

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

08, 09, 12

Non-GRI

C-1

Management of compliance as a business practice and cases of non-compliance identified

12

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: CORE OPTION

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: CORE OPTION

(GRI 102-54, 102-55)

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

31

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL 

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA


TOPIC-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

GRI Standard 102: General Disclosures 2016

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Description

Page reference or additional comment

Topic: Economic performance

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

08, 09, 13, 14

103-2

The management approach and its components 

08, 09, 13, 14

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

08, 09, 13, 14

Topic: Labour practices

GRI 201: 

Economic 

Performance 2016

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

13, 14, 18-21

Full financial results including Consolidated Profit &amp; Loss Account 

(Annual Report Page 61) are given in JC&amp;C’s audited financial 

statements 2019

201-4

Financial assistance received from government

No governments are present in the JC&amp;C group 

shareholding structure

Topic: Labour practices

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

08, 09, 17

103-2

The management approach and its components 

08, 09, 17

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

08, 09, 17

GRI 401: 

Employment 2016

401-1

New employee hires and turnover

17, 24-27

401-2

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees

17

401-3

Parental leave

17, 24-27

GRI 404: 

Training &amp; 

Education 2016

404-1

Average hours of training per employee

17, 26

404-2

Programs for updating employee skills and transition assistance programs

17

A transition assistance program is not in place

404-3

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews

17, 24-27

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: CORE OPTION

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: CORE OPTION

(GRI 102-54, 102-55)

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

32

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL 

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA


TOPIC-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

Topic: Health and safety

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Description

Page reference or additional comment

Topic: Economic performance

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

08, 09, 15

103-2

The management approach and its components 

08, 09, 15

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

08, 09, 15

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health &amp; Safety 

2018

403-1

Occupational health and safety management system

15

403-2

Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation

15

403-3

Occupational health services

15

403-4

Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety

15

403-5

Worker training on occupational health and safety

15

403-6

Promotion of worker health

15

403-7

Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by 

business relationships

15

403-9

Work-related injuries

25-27

Topic: Community engagement

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

08, 09, 18

103-2

The management approach and its components 

08, 09, 18

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

08, 09, 18

GRI 413: 

Local Communities 

2016

413-1

Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs

18-21

Community impact assessments or other development 

programmes have not been undertaken

Non-GRI

CE-1

Community engagement focus areas

18-21

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: CORE OPTION

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: CORE OPTION

(GRI 102-54, 102-55)

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

33

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: 

CORE OPTION

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL 

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDIX:  

2019 ESG DATA


WWW.JCCLGROUP.COM

