


S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 7


CONTENTS

01

ABOUT THIS REPORT

02

MESSAGE FROM  

THE GROUP  

MANAGING DIRECTOR

04

ABOUT JARDINE 

CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE

At a Glance

The Group

Investments at JC&amp;C

Code of Conduct

Risk Management

Supply Chain

Significant Events in 2017

12

SUSTAINABILITY AT

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; 

CARRIAGE

Sustainability Management

Stakeholder Engagement

Material Topics

Approach to Sustainability

16

GOVERNANCE

Corporate Governance

Compliance

Transparency and Anti-Corruption 

Economic Performance

23

ENVIRONMENT

Managing Energy

Managing Water

Managing Waste and Hazardous 

Materials

25

SOCIAL

Health &amp; Safety

Employee Welfare

Data Fraud and Theft

Engaging our Communities

32

OTHER INFORMATION

Appendix: ESG Data

Appendix: List of Principal 

Subsidiaries

GRI Standards Index: Core Option

Memberships and Initiatives


ABOUT THIS REPORT

(GRI 102-1, 102-5, 102-45, 102-46, 102-48, 102-49, 102-50, 102-51, 102-52, 102-53, 102-54, 102-56)

This is Jardine Cycle &amp; Carriage Limited’s 

first published sustainability report. The 

report covers the financial period from 

1st January to 31st December 2017. 

The list of principal entities within the 

Jardine Cycle &amp; Carriage Limited group of 

companies is set out in our consolidated 

Financial Statements 2017. The scope of 

this report covers Jardine Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Limited as a holding company ("JC&amp;C 

parent company") and our majority- 

owned investments except for Astra 

International, which publishes its own 

annual sustainability report. This report 

includes our majority-owned Direct Motor 

Interests in Singapore and Malaysia – Cycle 

&amp; Carriage Singapore1 and Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Bintang Berhad2 respectively. Our majority-

owned Direct Motor Interests in Myanmar  

is excluded from this year’s report as it is a 

small-scale operation3. 

This report adheres to Singapore 

Exchange’s ("SGX") Listing Rule 711A on 

preparing an annual sustainability report, 

which describes our sustainability practices 

with reference to the primary components 

set out in Listing Rule 711B.

This report is prepared in accordance with 

the Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability 

Reporting Standards ("GRI Standards"): Core 

option. As this is our first published report, 

there are no restatements of information 

and we have not sought external assurance.

No hard copies of this report are printed 

as part of our efforts to promote resource 

conservation.

Please share any feedback on our 

sustainability report or sustainability 

practices by contacting: 

sustainability@jcclgroup.com

1 

Denotes our principal subsidiaries in Singapore as listed in the Appendix to this report. 

2 

Denotes our principal subsidiary in Malaysia as listed in the Appendix to this report.

3 

Not meaningful contribution to JC&amp;C’s 2017 underlying profit attributable to shareholders.

01

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2017


On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am 

pleased to introduce our first published 

sustainability report. It reflects our approach 

to the sustainability of our businesses and 

discloses what is important to us and our 

stakeholders. 

In 2017, we undertook a formal stakeholder 

engagement with the ensuing material 

sustainability topics reviewed and approved 

by the Board. The Board also provides 

oversight through the JC&amp;C Executive 

Committee where these material topics are 

managed and monitored.

While this is our first published report,  

we did not just embark on our sustainability 

journey. Consideration of non-financial 

factors that contribute to the long-term 

viability and continuing success of the 

business has always been a strong focus  

for us. 

We view our businesses as long-term. As 

such, we are mindful to balance short-

term profitability with other material 

considerations that contribute to our 

businesses’ sustained success. 

To achieve this, it is key that we cultivate 

relationships that are mutually beneficial 

and enduring. Our partnerships with 

customers and communities, business 

associates and suppliers, and employees 

are key factors that drive our performance. 

The Group continued to perform strongly 

in 2017. Capitalising on the growth of 

the different ASEAN economies, we 

have further diversified our businesses in 

Southeast Asia during the year.

Our continued diversification is in effect 

a sustainability strategy. Diversification 

requires us to be responsive to the needs 

of new stakeholders, understand the social 

and environmental factors that matter 

to them as well as abide by new laws, 

regulations and policies.

 

In reviewing each new investment, we also 

take into consideration what is important 

to us and our existing stakeholders. The 

values that we cherish, such as strong 

governance, well-managed boards and 

professional management with integrity, 

a sense of respect for the community and 

environment they operate in, have enabled 

us to perform well.

Many of our businesses are undergoing 

changes today, experiencing new and 

evolving business paradigms, threats and 

opportunities. A key area is the automotive 

market where we have a significant 

presence. This is an industry that is faced 

with disruptive business models seeking 

to redefine the overall landscape. We 

regard this change as important to the 

sustainability of our automotive business. 

As a responsible business, we need to be 

adaptable and be part of this change. 



MESSAGE FROM THE GROUP MANAGING DIRECTOR

(GRI 102-14)

02

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE LIMITED


The increasing digitalised world means 

that we need to understand how to better 

connect and engage with our customers 

in a way that brings them greater value. In 

2017, we developed a digital strategy to 

enhance the way we manage and operate 

our automotive operations. This digital 

enablement will allow us to stay relevant in 

a highly competitive industry that we have 

been operating in for many decades. 

Just as we plan for the long-term success 

of our businesses, we also invest in our 

people for them to build lasting and 

rewarding careers with the Group. Our 

people are integral to our success, and as 

such, we seek to create an environment 

where they can thrive and collaborate. In 

2017, our 100%-owned operations, Cycle 

&amp; Carriage Singapore was named among 

HR Asia’s ‘Best Companies to Work For’ 

for the third consecutive year. On average, 

our employees in Singapore stay with us 

for 12.4 years, and for 8.2 years in Malaysia. 

This is both remarkable and heartening for 

us, given today’s fast-paced evolving world. 

Likewise, we are committed to our 

communities, respecting and striving to 

build enduring partnerships with them. In 

Singapore, where we are headquartered, 

we have been able to make a positive social 

impact through our adoption of the Jardine 

Matheson philanthropic initiative, MINDSET. 

MINDSET supports the mental health 

community, a sector that particularly lacks 

resources and support from the private 

sector. 

In 2017, our efforts in this often-neglected 

mental health area did not go unnoticed, 

and the Jardine Matheson Group was 

invited to participate in the ‘Company 

of Good Fellowship’ programme by the 

National Volunteer &amp; Philanthropy Centre 

and the National University of Singapore. 

We are encouraged by this invitation, and 

it allows us to reflect on how we, as a 

private sector partner, can be a significant 

‘changemaker’ who inspires other private 

sector partners to also contribute and 

make an impact in the under-served mental 

health community.

Looking ahead, we want to continue to 

focus on what we do well; continually 

meeting the needs of our people, partners 

and customers. 

On behalf of the Board and Management, 

we would like to thank our different 

stakeholders who have been alongside us 

in our sustainability journey. We intend to 

communicate our sustainability progress, 

successes and challenges through our 

annual sustainability reports, and welcome 

your feedback on our efforts. We look 

forward to your continued engagement, 

partnership and support.

ALEX NEWBIGGING

Group Managing Director

Representative for the Board of Directors

Our continued diversification is in effect a 

sustainability strategy. Diversification requires us 

to be responsive to the needs of new stakeholders, 

understand the social and environmental factors 

that matter to them as well as abide by new laws, 

regulations and policies.

03

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2017


ABOUT JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE

AT A GLANCE

(GRI 102-2, 102-4, 102-6, 102-7, 201-1)

Astra International

INDONESIA

JC&amp;C has a 50.1% strategic interest in Astra 

International ("Astra"). Astra is a diversified business 

group in Indonesia with seven core businesses 

including automotive, financial services, heavy 

equipment, mining, construction &amp; energy, 

agribusiness, infrastructure &amp; logistics, information 

technology, and property. It is listed on the 

Indonesia Stock Exchange.

MYANMAR

THAILAND

VIETNAM

INDONESIA

MALAYSIA

SINGAPORE

Astra International

Direct Motor Interests

Other Strategic Interests

Direct Motor Interests

SINGAPORE 

Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore (100%) is one of the 

leading automotive groups in Singapore. It is engaged 

in the distribution, retail and aftersales service of 

Mercedes-Benz, Mitsubishi, Kia, Citroën, DS and 

Maxus motor vehicles.

MALAYSIA

Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang (59.1%) is listed on 

Bursa Malaysia. It has the largest dealer network of 

Mercedes-Benz motor vehicles in Malaysia, providing 

sales and aftersales services for Mercedes-Benz 

passenger cars and commercial vehicles.

MYANMAR 

Cycle &amp; Carriage Myanmar (60%) distributes, retails 

and provides aftersales services for Mercedes-Benz 

and Mazda passenger cars and commercial vehicles, 

as well as FUSO commercial vehicles in Myanmar.

Information as at 30th April 2018

04

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE LIMITED


REVENUE

US$17.7 BILLION

2017 SNAPSHOT

UNDERLYING 

PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE 

TO SHAREHOLDERS

US$788 MILLION

DIVIDEND

PER SHARE

US¢86

MARKET 

CAPITALISATION*

US$12 BILLION

* 

As at end 2017

Other Strategic Interests

THAILAND 

Siam City Cement (25.5%) is listed on the Stock 

Exchange of Thailand and is the second largest 

cement manufacturer in Thailand. Operating across 

South and Southeast Asia, it also produces concrete 

and other building materials.

VIETNAM 

Refrigeration Electrical Engineering Corporation 

(24.7%) is listed on the Ho Chi Minh Stock 

Exchange. It is a diversified business group in 

Vietnam with operations in mechanical and 

electrical engineering services, real estate, and 

power and water utility infrastructure.

JC&amp;C holds a 10% interest in Vietnam Dairy 

Products Joint Stock Company, known as Vinamilk. 

Vinamilk is the leading dairy producer in Vietnam, 

operating 13 dairy factories, owns ten farms and 

has a distribution network of over 250,000 retailers.

INDONESIA

Tunas Ridean (45.1%) is listed on the Indonesia 

Stock Exchange and is a leading automotive dealer 

group in Indonesia. It represents Toyota, Daihatsu, 

BMW and Isuzu motor vehicles, as well as Honda 

motorcycles. Tunas Ridean also offers automotive 

rental and fleet management services. Additionally, 

it provides vehicle financing through its associate, 

Mandiri Tunas Finance.

VIETNAM

Truong Hai Auto Corporation (THACO) (25.1%) 

is one of the largest automotive companies in 

Vietnam. It manufactures, assembles, distributes, 

retails and provides aftersales service of commercial 

and passenger vehicles, representing BMW, MINI, 

Kia, Mazda, Peugeot, Foton and FUSO. THACO also 

engages in property development in Vietnam.

05

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2017


Group Structure as at 30th April 2018

Covered in this report

Publishes its own sustainability reports

DIRECT 

MOTOR 

INTERESTS

ASTRA 

INTERNATIONAL

50.1%

OTHER 

STRATEGIC 

INTERESTS

We are a long-term shareholder of market-

leading businesses in Southeast Asia, 

headquartered and listed in Singapore. 

Together with our subsidiaries and 

associates, Jardine Cycle &amp; Carriage 

("JC&amp;C" or "the Group") employs over 

250,000 people across Indonesia, 

Singapore, Malaysia, Myanmar, Thailand and 

Vietnam. JC&amp;C is a member of the Jardine 

Matheson Group. 

JC&amp;C has a strategic majority-owned 

interest in Astra International ("Astra"). Astra 

is the largest independent automotive 

group in Southeast Asia. It also has further 

diversified interests in financial services, 

heavy equipment, mining, construction 

&amp; energy, agribusiness, infrastructure 

&amp; logistics, information technology, 

and property. Astra and several of its 

subsidiaries are listed on the Indonesia 

Stock Exchange. Astra has been publishing 

its own comprehensive sustainability report 

every year since 2002 through which it 

communicates its sustainability policies and 

implementation strategies in accordance 

with a GRI framework. Therefore, Astra is 

not included within the scope of this report. 

To view Astra’s sustainability policies and 

practices, please refer to its sustainability 

reports.

THE GROUP

(GRI 102-1, 102-2, 102-3, 102-5, 102-6, 102-7, 102-45, 102-46)

25.5%

Siam City Cement

Automotive

Heavy Equipment, Mining, 

Construction &amp; Energy

Information Technology

Financial Services

Infrastructure &amp; Logistics

Agribusiness

Property

100%

Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore 

59.1%

Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang 

45.1%

Tunas Ridean 

25.1%

Truong Hai Auto Corporation 

60%

Cycle &amp; Carriage Myanmar 

24.7%

Refrigeration Electrical 

Engineering Corporation 

10%

 Vinamilk

ABOUT JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE

06

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE LIMITED


JC&amp;C also has a strong regional 

automotive presence through its Direct 

Motor Interests operating in Singapore, 

Malaysia and Myanmar under the Cycle &amp; 

Carriage banner, as well as through Tunas 

Ridean in Indonesia and Truong Hai Auto 

Corporation in Vietnam. This report covers 

the sustainability performance of our 

subsidiaries, Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore4 

and Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang Berhad 

("Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang"). The majority-

owned Cycle &amp; Carriage Myanmar5 is 

excluded from this year’s report as it is a 

small-scale operation6.

Further diversifying our businesses are 

Other Strategic Interests in Siam City 

Cement in Thailand, and Refrigeration 

Electrical Engineering Corporation and 

Vinamilk in Vietnam. They are market 

leaders through which JC&amp;C gains 

exposure to key Southeast Asian economies 

by supporting the long-term growth of the 

companies.

JC&amp;C is 75% held by the Jardine Matheson 

Group, a diversified business group focused 

principally on Asia. The Jardine Matheson 

Group of companies are leaders in the 

fields of engineering and construction, 

transport services, motor vehicles, 

insurance broking, property investment 

and development, retailing, restaurants and 

luxury hotels.

Please refer to the JC&amp;C website for more 

information. 

Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang has  

the largest dealer network of 

Mercedes-Benz motor vehicles  

in Malaysia, providing sales  

and aftersales services for 

Mercedes-Benz passenger cars and 

commercial vehicles. It is listed on 

Bursa Malaysia Berhad ("Bursa") and 

has published its first Sustainability 

Statement this year as part of its 

Annual Report 2017.





Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore is a 

leading automotive group engaged 

in the distribution, retail and 

aftersales service of Mercedes-Benz, 

Mitsubishi, Kia, Citroën, DS and 

Maxus motor vehicles.

4 

Denotes our principal subsidiaries in Singapore as listed in the Appendix to this report.

5 

Denotes our principal subsidiaries in Myanmar as listed in the Appendix to the Annual Report 2017.

6 

Not meaningful contribution to JC&amp;C’s 2017 underlying profit attributable to shareholders.

ABOUT JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE

07

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2017


INVESTMENTS AT JC&amp;C 

(GRI 102-16)

JC&amp;C adheres to the Singapore Code of Corporate Governance 2012, 

which provides that the Board of Directors is responsible to lead the 

company.

1

TO TAKE STEPS TO 

REDUCE RISKS IN 

PLANNING MERGERS 

AND ACQUISITIONS

2

TO CONSIDER 

SUSTAINABILITY 

ISSUES SUCH AS 

ENVIRONMENTAL AND 

SOCIAL FACTORS, AS 

PART OF ITS STRATEGIC 

FORMULATION

3

TO ESTABLISH A 

FRAMEWORK OF 

PRUDENT AND 

EFFECTIVE CONTROLS 

WHICH ENABLES RISKS 

TO BE ASSESSED AND 

MANAGED, INCLUDING 

SAFEGUARDING OF 

SHAREHOLDERS’ 

INTERESTS AND THE 

GROUP’S ASSETS

JC&amp;C investment practices

JC&amp;C aims to hold meaningful 

shareholdings in market-leading 

businesses of scale, in industries relevant 

to the development of local or regional 

economies. JC&amp;C strives to be a supportive 

shareholder, and where appropriate for 

material investments, to be a strategic 

partner. 

Our guiding principles of investment 

include consideration of investments in 

Southeast Asia with sustainable long-term 

growth fundamentals, as well as good 

management, governance and reputation. 

As a holding company and a long-term 

shareholder, JC&amp;C seeks to influence its 

material investee companies by appropriate 

involvement in decision making processes. 

This influence is commensurately greater 

when we have larger representation in the 

management or on the Board.

UNDER THE BOARD’S TERMS OF REFERENCE, ITS ROLE ALSO INCLUDES:

ABOUT JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE

08

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE LIMITED


CODE OF CONDUCT

(GRI 102-16, 103-1, 103-2, 103-3)

As a member of the Jardine Matheson Group, JC&amp;C adopts the Jardine Matheson Group 

Code of Conduct ("the CoC") which applies to Jardine Matheson group companies. The 

CoC requires compliance with all relevant laws, all rules and regulations applicable to 

particular businesses and with proper standards of business conduct. The CoC sets out 

the standards and values that we uphold in operating our businesses. The JC&amp;C parent 

company, Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore and Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang adhere to the CoC. 

All new employees are given a copy of the CoC and all employees, existing and new, are 

required to undergo regular training on the CoC.

RISK MANAGEMENT

(GRI 102-11)

JC&amp;C has a formal risk management process to identify, evaluate and manage significant 

risks impacting the Group. The process is supported by a policy as well as procedures, 

methodologies, evaluation criteria and documentation requirements with the aim of 

ensuring clarity and consistency of application across the Group. These procedures and 

methodologies are regularly reviewed to include new elements that aim at enhancing the 

reporting process in order to make it more comprehensive, of greater value to the Audit 

Committee and in line with current best practice. 

Management is required to comprehensively identify and assess significant risks in terms 

of the likelihood of occurrence, magnitude and speed of impact. Management is also 

required to identify and evaluate the adequacy and implementation of mechanisms to 

manage, mitigate, avoid or eliminate these risks. The process encompasses assessments 

and evaluations of the business unit level before being examined at the Group level. More 

information on JC&amp;C’s risk management approach and the major residual risk exposures 

for 2017 can be found in the Annual Report 2017.

ABOUT JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE

09

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2017


SUPPLY CHAIN

(GRI 102-9, 102-10)

The supply chain for JC&amp;C parent company 

is based around office operations. The 

office is located within a Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Singapore building complex, with most of 

its shared services sourced and managed 

jointly through Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore. 

Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore and Cycle &amp; 

Carriage Bintang distribute and/or retail 

and provide aftersales services of motor 

vehicles, serving both retail and corporate 

customers in their respective countries. 

Their primary suppliers are the motor 

vehicle principals, with other vendors 

supporting these operations. The business 

activities are performed by employees, 

except for cleaning, security, car wash 

and grooming, which are contracted to 

vendors. Some activities relating to new 

car logistics, such as vehicle transportation 

and supply of upholstery and electronic 

accessories, are also outsourced. The 

supply chains of Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore 

and Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang cover a 

variety of activities, engaging over  

2,200 vendors.

MOTOR VEHICLES 

PRINCIPALS













SALES &amp; AFTERSALES 

RELATED

• 

Parts and accessories

• 

Logistics and warehousing

• 

License plates

• 

Signage

• 

Marketing and advertising  

• 

Cleaning and grooming

• 

Paint supply

• 

Engine oil supply

• 

Diagnostic equipment and maintenance

ADMINISTRATIVE 

&amp; PROPERTY 

MANAGEMENT

• 

Facilities management services

• 

Water and electricity

• 

Cleaning and maintenance of properties

• 

Printing and stationery

• 

Courier

• 

Events

• 

Insurance

VENDORS



ABOUT JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE

10

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE LIMITED




SIGNIFICANT EVENTS IN 2017

(GRI 102-7, 102-10)

MARCH

APRIL

MAY

NOVEMBER

DECEMBER



Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang commenced 

operations at its new 3S Autohaus in 

Cheras, Malaysia in March 2017.

JC&amp;C appointed a new Non-Executive 

Independent Director who is also an 

Audit Committee Member in April 

2017; retirement of a Non-Executive 

Independent Director in April 2017. 

JC&amp;C acquired 10% of Vietnam Dairy 

Products Joint Stock Company, known 

as Vinamilk, a leading dairy producer in 

Vietnam.

Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang appointed a 

new independent and Non-Executive 

Director who is also the Chairperson of 

the Audit Committee; an Independent 

Non-Executive Director who is also the 

Chairperson of the Audit Committee 

and a member of the Nomination 

Committee retired in April 2017.

Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang appointed 

a new Chief Executive Officer in May 

2017.



JC&amp;C participated in Siam City Cement 

Public Company Limited’s rights 

issue and as a result, increased its 

shareholding from 24.9% to 25.5%.



JC&amp;C increased its shareholding in 

Refrigeration Electrical Engineering 

Corporation from 22.9% to 23.9%.

ABOUT JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE

11

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2017


To this end, it is integral to engage 

stakeholders, and identify and manage 

the material sustainability topics that are 

of importance to both stakeholders and 

the business. It is key therefore that we 

cultivate relationships that are mutually 

beneficial and enduring. Our partnerships 

with customers and communities, business 

associates and suppliers, and employees 

are important factors that drive our 

performance.

SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT 

(GRI 102-18)

According to Singapore’s Code of 

Corporate Governance 2012, the Board of 

Directors is collectively responsible for the 

long-term success of a company, providing 

strategic direction and considering 

sustainability issues as part of its strategic 

formulation. 

At JC&amp;C, the Board is supported by the 

JC&amp;C Executive Committee on managing 

and overseeing sustainability practices, 

with the JC&amp;C Legal &amp; Corporate Affairs 

department responsible for facilitation 

and reporting. For a full description of 

Corporate Governance at JC&amp;C, please 

refer to the Annual Report 2017.

In 2017, JC&amp;C established a Sustainability 

Committee ("the Committee") comprising 

senior management from finance, 

corporate real estate, human resource, 

information technology, legal and 

operations representing JC&amp;C parent 

company, Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore and 

Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang. The Committee 

is chaired by JC&amp;C’s Group General 

Counsel who is also the Director of Legal 

&amp; Corporate Affairs and the Company 

Secretary. The Committee is tasked with 

evaluating performance and setting 

sustainability goals, reviewing processes 

and procedures, and supporting the Group 

in integrating sustainability into its culture.

It is important that we build internal 

understanding of sustainability and the 

role each of us takes in contributing to 

performance. Committed to this process, 

we conducted an internal sustainability 

reporting ‘dry-run’ in 2016 to understand 

the process and challenges, and to better 

equip ourselves in articulating our values 

and ongoing commitments to long-term 

growth, operating responsibly, growing 

partnerships, and respecting our people. 

Building on this, we will further develop  

our targets and report on performance 

going forward.

SUSTAINABILITY AT

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE

To ensure the long-term success of our businesses that span different 

industries and geographies, we need to balance commercial focus 

against key considerations including Environmental, Social and 

Governance ("ESG") factors that will enable us to build a sustainable 

business. 

12

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE LIMITED


SUSTAINABILITY AT

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE

Our stakeholder engagement aims to be a continuous dialogue. We engage with 

stakeholders through a variety of means such as meetings, reviews, discussions, calls, 

surveys and focus groups.

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

(GRI 102-40, 102-42, 102-43)

Specifically, as part of this sustainability reporting cycle, the employees in JC&amp;C parent company together with 

those of the Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore and Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang were identified as key internal stakeholder 

groups to engage on our material sustainability topics. Our majority shareholder and motor vehicle principals were 

identified as the key external stakeholders and engaged during 2017.

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT PROCESS

OUTREACH

Stakeholders 

provided with 

background 

and relevant 

material topics

ENGAGEMENT

45 stakeholders 

engaged via 

interviews and 

focus group 

sessions

RESULTS

Feedback 

compiled and 

material topics 

confirmed

MAPPING

Stakeholders 

identified 

and a register 

compiled

INVESTORS AND 

SHAREHOLDERS

EMPLOYEES

BUSINESS PARTNERS 

AND PRINCIPALS

CUSTOMERS

GOVERNMENT

COMMUNITIES

INDUSTRY 

ASSOCIATIONS

REGULATORS

STAKEHOLDERS

13

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2017


Importance to stakeholders

Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore and Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang

Material topics across JC&amp;C parent company, Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore and Cycle 

&amp; Carriage Bintang were established in 2016, following a materiality process involving 

context review, internal stakeholder engagement and Executive Committee review. The 

material topics were reviewed again in 2017 along with internal and external stakeholder 

engagement. The topics were confirmed and signed off by the JC&amp;C Board of Directors.

MATERIALITY MATRIX

JC&amp;C parent company

Governance

1 Corporate Governance

2 Compliance

3 Economic Performance

4 Transparency and Anti-

Corruption

Environment

5 Energy Conservation

6 Waste Management

7 Water Management

8 Climate Change

Social

9 Social Development 

Goals and Community 

Investment

10 Community Engagement

11 Health &amp; Safety

12 Employee Welfare

13 Employee Sustainability 

Awareness 

14 Industry Education 

15 Sustainable 

Products 

16 Sustainable Sourcing

17 Gender and Diversity

18 Data Fraud or Theft

19 Product Responsibility

Governance

1 Corporate Governance

2 Compliance

3 Economic Performance

4 Transparency and Anti-

Corruption

5 Emergency 

Preparedness and 

Response

Environment

6 Energy Conservation

7 Waste Management

8 Water Management

9 Climate Change

10 Hazardous Material 

Management

Social

11 Social Development 

Goals and Community 

Investment

12 Community Engagement

13 Health &amp; Safety

14 Employee Welfare

15 Human Trafficking and 

Foreign Worker Rights

16 Employee Sustainability 

Awareness

17 Industry Education

18 Sustainable Products

19 Sustainable Sourcing

20 Gender and Diversity

21 Data Fraud or Theft

22 Product Responsibility

Impact to business

5

6

7

8

19

1

2

3

4

12

11

10

15

16

13

18

14

17 9

Importance to stakeholders

Impact to business

3

5

4

6

7

8

10

12

13

1

2

14

16

21

22

20

11

17

18

9

19

15

SUSTAINABILITY AT

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE

MATERIAL TOPICS

(GRI 102-42, 102-43, 102-44, 102-47, 103-1)

14

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE LIMITED


APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

(GRI 102-46, 102-47, 103-1)

Our sustainability framework consists of three key pillars – Governance, 

Environment and Social. This enables us to prioritise our efforts and 

create specific actions addressing each pillar and its corresponding 

material topics. The sustainability report is structured to reflect this 

approach.

* 

Material to JC&amp;C parent company as well as Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore and Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang

* 

Material to Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore and Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang

Stakeholder impacted:

G Government/Regulators

I

Investors &amp; Shareholders

P Business Partners &amp; Principals

E Employees

C Customers

CM Communities

SUSTAINABILITY AT JC&amp;C

GOVERNANCE

ENVIRONMENT

SOCIAL

STRONG CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE

G

E

P

I

C

CM

G

E

P

I

C

CM

PROVIDING A HEALTHY 

AND SAFE WORKPLACE

E

P

I

MANAGING 

ENERGY

G

G

G

E

CM

ENSURING THE WELFARE 

OF OUR EMPLOYEES

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS 

AND REGULATIONS

E

I

MANAGING 

WATER

G

E

I

CM

G

E

I

G

E

I

CM

G

E

I

CM

TRANSPARENCY AND ANTI-

CORRUPTION MEASURES

G

E

P

I

C

CM

PROTECTING STAFF AND 

CUSTOMERS FROM DATA 

FRAUD AND THEFT

G

E

P

C

MANAGING

WASTE

ECONOMIC 

PERFORMANCE

ENGAGING 

COMMUNITIES

MANAGING HAZARDOUS 

MATERIALS

G

E

P

I

SUSTAINABILITY AT

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE

15

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2017


GOVERNANCE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

(GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3)

At JC&amp;C, the Board of Directors is the highest governance body. Board Committees 

comprise the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nominating Committee. 

The terms of reference for the Board and Board Committees adhere to the principles 

prescribed in Singapore’s Code of Corporate Governance ("CCG 2012"). The Board of 

Directors are responsible for corporate governance, together with the management team. 

JC&amp;C has a Corporate Governance Policies Manual ("the Manual") to assist it to comply 

with the principles of the CCG 2012. The Manual sets out the terms of reference of the 

Board and its various committees. In addition to the Manual and the Code of Corporate 

Governance 2012, corporate governance at JC&amp;C is also influenced by the: 

1) Constitution of the Company

2) Internal limits of financial authority 

3) Companies Act and other relevant statutes 

4) Singapore Exchange Listing Manual

Periodic audits are also conducted by internal and external auditors on certain aspects of 

corporate governance, e.g. financial reporting, risk management and internal controls, and 

reported to the JC&amp;C Audit Committee, with any issues followed up by management. 

The JC&amp;C Nominating Committee oversees the appraisal of Board performance against a 

set of quantitative and qualitative performance criteria. This appraisal is prepared annually 

by independent external consultants, focusing on the criteria of share price performance, 

return on capital employed and earnings per share. Company information is compiled 

for review for a five-year period. Share price performance is compared against the Straits 

Times Index, the Jakarta Composite Index and a benchmark index of industry peers 

selected by JC&amp;C, with the comparison looking at varying periods within the last 15 years. 

The components of the peer benchmark index and their weightages are reviewed annually 

to ensure that they remain relevant. The results of the comparison are set out in a 

performance benchmark report for the Nominating Committee and Board’s review. 

The latest Corporate Governance Report is available on the JC&amp;C website. This statement 

contains further details on the responsibilities of the Board and Board Committees, and 

details on regulation, standards and evaluations applied.

In 2017, JC&amp;C received an overall score of 66 in the Singapore Governance and 

Transparency Index published by the National University of Singapore Business School to 

provide corporate governance performance rating for Singapore-listed companies. This is 

up 8 points from the score of 58 in the year before.

To safeguard the interests of our stakeholders, we are committed to 

high standards of accountability. Strong governance, compliance, fair 

business conduct and behaviour are essential standards and values that 

we uphold in operating our businesses. Observing the relevant policies 

and guidelines is important to achieve the necessary controls that are 

conducive to successful operations, reputable business practices and 

proper risk management.

16

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE LIMITED


GOVERNANCE

At Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore, the corporate governance approach meets the same 

regulatory requirements for companies in Singapore as JC&amp;C parent company. It is also 

supported by the Constitutions of the respective companies that make up Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Singapore. Periodic audits are conducted by internal and external auditors and reported to 

the JC&amp;C Audit Committee, with any issues followed up by management. 

Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang operates in Malaysia and is listed on Bursa Malaysia. Its Board 

Charter sets out, among other things, the responsibilities, authorities, procedures, 

evaluations and structures of the Board and Board Committees, as well as the 

relationship between the Board with the company’s management and shareholders. 

Its Board of Directors, together with the senior management team, are responsible for 

corporate governance. Its Board fully supports the recommendations of the Malaysia 

Code on Corporate Governance 2017 ("MCCG 2017") and is committed to apply the 

recommendations of the code as applicable to ensure that good corporate governance is 

practised to effectively discharge its responsibilities. Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang’s Corporate 

Governance Statement is presented in its Annual Report 2017. Its current Board Charter is 

available on the company’s website, with a revised Board Charter to be published in 2018. 

Performance rating for corporate governance at Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang is provided 

by Bursa Malaysia to enhance the corporate governance practices and disclosures 

of listed issuers in Malaysia. Bursa Malaysia reviews and determines the adequacy of 

disclosures within the Corporate Governance Statement, Audit Committee Report, and 

Statement of Risk Management and Internal Control in respect of Principles 1-6 and the 

recommendations of the MCCG 2017. Based on Bursa Malaysia’s most recent review in 

2016 of Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang’s Annual Report 2015, it obtained an average score of 

71.1%. As a result of Bursa Malaysia’s findings, Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang’s management, 

together with advice from the Company Secretary, have incorporated enhancements to 

the subsequent annual reports.

COMPLIANCE

(GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3)

The role of JC&amp;C’s Board, through its Audit Committee, includes the bi-annual review 

of the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems 

including compliance controls. Our approach to compliance is set out in accordance with 

CCG 2012, our Board’s terms of reference, the Institute of Internal Audit Standards, and the 

Jardine Matheson Group CoC.

The Jardine Matheson Group CoC requires that all its companies and businesses comply 

with all relevant laws, with all rules and regulations applicable to particular businesses, and 

with proper standards of business conduct. Specific compliance topics included in the CoC 

are: 

• 

Illicit Payments. Employees must not give or receive any bribe, other illicit payment 

or inducement. If employees receive, are asked to receive or become aware of any 

proposal or suggestion to give or receive any bribe, other illicit payment or inducement, 

they must report immediately to a member of senior management. If they are in doubt 

whether a payment is illicit, they should seek advice. 

• 

Gifts, Favours and Entertainment. Employees may give or receive gifts or favours so 

long as they fall within generally accepted standards of business conduct and are in the 

ordinary course of their duties. No cash payments are permitted.

• 

Anti-Competitive Practices. Restricting competition, such as price-fixing,  

non-competition agreements, etc., are illegal in certain countries. Senior management 

must be consulted in such cases to ensure it is legal.

17

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2017


GOVERNANCE

• 

Tax Compliance. Ensuring compliance with all tax laws and regulations. 

• 

Business Licences. Ensuring proper licensing to carry on business and not exceeding 

the scope of the licences held. 

• 

Exchange Controls. Care must be exercised to ensure employees do not do anything 

which is in breach of any exchange control laws and regulations in countries in which 

or with which they do business.

• 

Information Security. Compliance with all information laws and regulations, including 

data privacy, data retention and computer security laws. Ensuring the safeguard of 

availability, integrity and confidentiality of information by following the information 

security policies and procedures applicable to business.

Overall, JC&amp;C’s Board of Directors is responsible for compliance with the applicable laws 

and regulations, together with the senior management team. Each department head is 

responsible for compliance under his or her area of responsibility, with senior managers 

expected to interpret and adapt the policy to their operating environment. Additionally, the 

finance department is responsible for compliance with financial reporting requirements and 

tax compliance, with the legal department supporting the overall compliance requirements 

of the company. 

Periodic audits are conducted by internal and external auditors regarding compliance, with 

results reported to the JC&amp;C Audit Committee and followed up by management. Twice 

a year, management also completes (i) a control and compliance checklist which covers 

illicit payments and favours, and (ii) a return on matters of serious concern. The returns are 

signed off by Business Heads and the Group Managing Director and submitted to the JC&amp;C 

Audit Committee for review. Quarterly legal and compliance reports are also prepared and 

submitted to the legal department for review, highlighting legal and compliance cases, 

disputes and litigation matters.

Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore also applies the CoC, and follows the same auditing 

schedule that is reviewed by the JC&amp;C Audit Committee. For Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore, 

the respective department heads as well as the legal, finance, tax &amp; treasury and IT 

departments are responsible for overseeing compliance matters. 

We believe in and encourage the early reporting of matters of serious concern that may 

affect the professional and compliant operation of our businesses and reputation. In 

addition to the CoC, we also have in place a whistleblowing policy that comes under 

the purview of the JC&amp;C Audit Committee. This ensures independent investigation and 

appropriate follow-up action on any concerns raised, including those raised anonymously.

 

Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang also applies its Securities Dealing Rules, Division Standard 

Operating Procedures, Whistleblowing Policy, and Occupational Safety and Health 

Manual in managing compliance matters. The management team is obliged to ensure full 

compliance with the law and applicable regulations. All departments are responsible for 

ensuring compliance management, with an annual audit conducted by external auditors 

combined with periodical internal audit to monitor the process. Both external and internal 

audits are reviewed by Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang’s Audit Committee and elevated to its 

Board of Directors if there is any non-compliance with law and regulations or Group 

policies recorded.

We believe in 

and encourage 

the early 

reporting of 

matters of 

serious concern 

that may affect 

the professional 

and compliant 

operation of our 

businesses and 

reputation.

18

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE LIMITED


GOVERNANCE

TRANSPARENCY AND ANTI-CORRUPTION

(GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 205-2)

We are committed to high standards of accountability and responsible business. We are of 

the view that being transparent and combating corruption are necessary to ensure that our 

operations are conducted in a fair and lawful manner. 

The JC&amp;C parent company, Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore and Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang 

adopt the Jardine Matheson Group CoC, which sets out policies on illicit payments, as 

well as gifts, favours and entertainment. The CoC is aimed at upholding high standards of 

honesty, integrity and fair dealing. New employees are provided a copy of the CoC during 

on-boarding. The CoC is also available on the intranet and accessible to all employees. 

Updates to the CoC are communicated from time to time. 

To enable us to better evaluate our anti-corruption effectiveness, we conduct internal 

audits on areas that include illicit payments and favours as well as matters of serious 

concern. Audit results are signed off by the management team and reported to the JC&amp;C 

Audit Committee for review.

We are of the view that it is vital to continue managing our businesses well and to attract 

the right people who will uphold our commercial standing and reputation. An e-learning 

training course was rolled out in phases in 2015 to all non-bargainable and sales 

employees of the JC&amp;C parent company and Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore to reinforce the 

CoC principles and anti-corruption measures. From 2015, all new hires are required to take 

this e-learning course and all non-bargainable and sales employees are required to be 

recertified every two years. While bargainable employees are not required to undergo the 

e-learning, they receive training on the broad principles of the CoC. 

At Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang in 2017, the ‘Good Compliance Practices’ training was 

conducted for all employees in phases from June to September 2017, with a total of 763 

staff trained. All new hires in 2017 also completed the ‘Good Compliance Practices’ training 

to reinforce Group principles within one month of joining. The latest version of the CoC is 

also updated on the Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang’s intranet and made accessible to all staff.

19

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2017


ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

(GRI 102-7, 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 201-1)

JC&amp;C GROUP 2017 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

GOVERNANCE

REVENUE

US$ 17,701m

US$ 15,764m

+12%

PROFIT AFTER TAX

US$ 1,806m

US$ 1,498m

+21%

UNDERLYING PROFIT

US$ 788m

US$ 679m

+16%

Percentage Change 2016

2017

Percentage Change 2016

2017

Percentage Change 2016

2017

GROUP RESULTS

Year ended 31st December

2017

2016

Change

2017

 US$m 

US$m

%

S$m

Revenue

17,701

15,764

12

24,352

Profit after tax

 1,806 

1,498

21

2,484

Underlying profit attributable to 

shareholders*

 788 

679

16

1,084

Profit attributable to shareholders

 811 

702

16

1,116

 US¢ 

US¢ 

S¢

Underlying earnings per share*

 199 

 172 

16

274

Earnings per share

 205 

 178 

16

282

Dividend per share

 86 

74

16

118

At 

31.12.2017

At 

31.12.2016

At 

31.12.2017

 US$m

US$m

S$m

Shareholders’ funds

6,427

5,755

12

8,593

 US$ 

US$ 

 S$

Net asset value per share

 16.26 

14.56

12

 21.74

The exchange rate of US$1=S$1.34 (31st December 2016: US$1=S$1.44) was used for translating assets and liabilities at 

the balance sheet date and US$1=S$1.38 (2016: US$1=S$1.38) was used for translating the results for the year.

* 

The Group uses underlying profit in its internal financial reporting to distinguish between ongoing business 

performance and non-trading items. Items classified as non-trading items include fair value gains or losses on 

revaluation of investment properties and agricultural produce; gains and losses arising from sale of businesses, 

investments and properties; impairment of non-depreciable intangible assets and other investments; provisions 

for closure of businesses; acquisition-related costs in business combinations and other credits and charges of 

a non-recurring nature that require inclusion in order to provide additional insight into the Group’s underlying 

business performance.

20

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE LIMITED


THE UNDERLYING PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS BY BUSINESS 

IS SHOWN BELOW:

2017

2016

 US$m 

 US$m 

Astra

Automotive

283.7

312.8

Financial services

139.4

29.7

Heavy equipment, mining, construction &amp; energy

171.3

114.0

Agribusiness

59.9

60.1

Infrastructure &amp; logistics

4.2

9.8

Information technology

7.4

7.4

Property

0.2

(7.6)

666.1

526.2

Less: Witholding tax on dividend

(25.4)

(26.4)

640.7

499.8

Direct Motor Interests

Singapore (Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore)

57.0

49.4

Malaysia (Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang)

(1.3)

5.6

Myanmar

(2.5)

(0.1)

Indonesia (Tunas Ridean)

14.9

18.2

Vietnam

- automotive

48.8

89.4

- real estate

7.7

4.2

56.5

93.6

124.6

166.7

Other Strategic Interests

Siam City Cement

11.3

22.3

Refrigeration Electrical Engineering

13.7

10.9

Vinamilk

9.3

-

34.3

33.2

Corporate costs

(11.7)

(20.6)

Underlying profit attributable to shareholders

787.9

679.1

GOVERNANCE

21

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2017


GOVERNANCE

FUTURE PLANS AND TARGETS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

AND COMPLIANCE

TRANSPARENCY AND

ANTI-CORRUPTION

ECONOMIC

PERFORMANCE

We will continue to adhere to the 

principles and guidelines of the 

Singapore Code of Corporate 

Governance 2012 (and future 

updates) and the Malaysian Code 

on Corporate Governance 2017, 

focusing on strong corporate 

governance and maintaining high 

standards for accountability and 

conduct.

We will continue to ensure that 

all employees of JC&amp;C parent 

company, Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Singapore and Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Bintang are trained and abide by the 

CoC.

The Group aims to produce 

sustained growth in shareholder 

value. We actively and regularly 

review and manage capital 

structure to ensure optimal capital 

structure and shareholder returns, 

taking into consideration the future 

capital requirements of the Group 

and capital efficiency, prevailing and 

projected profitability, projected 

operating cash flows, projected 

capital expenditure and projected 

strategic investment opportunities.

The Group generates significant economic value for its shareholders from businesses 

across Southeast Asia.

As a group, JC&amp;C has policies and procedures in place to ensure goods and services 

obtained or paid for represent good value and are obtained on fair and competitive terms. 

Employees are treated fairly and impartially, and we comply with necessary tax laws and 

regulations. Similarly, we respect the needs of the communities that we operate in. In 

Singapore, where we are headquartered, our community initiatives and investments are 

primarily focused on mental health, an area that is under-served from the private sector; 

see Engaging our Communities section for further details.

To monitor our financial performance, we actively and regularly review and manage 

our capital structure to ensure optimal shareholder returns, considering future capital 

requirements and capital efficiency, prevailing and projected profitability, and projected 

operating cash flows, capital expenditure and strategic investment opportunities, before 

the distribution of economic value to shareholders. 

A significant component of our economic performance is also derived from profitability. 

This is measured regularly against budgets, forecasts, and projections assessed on a 

periodic basis. Each business entity under the Group is responsible for its economic 

performance. 

In addition, as a responsible and long-term business, we need to be aware of changing 

market conditions and operating landscapes to ensure that we remain relevant and 

competitive, to continue delivering economic value. 

As listed companies, the financial performance of JC&amp;C parent company and Cycle &amp; 

Carriage Bintang are audited annually and results reported quarterly on SGX and Bursa 

Malaysia respectively. The share prices of JC&amp;C parent company and Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Bintang are in turn determined by the respective stock market.

22

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE LIMITED


ENVIRONMENT

Our subsidiaries Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore and Cycle 

&amp; Carriage Bintang have been participating in the 

automotive industry for decades. Today, the role as a 

distributor or dealer is evolving in the face of disruptive 

business models. To stay ahead and be a positive part 

of this change, engaging with customers is key and we 

have embarked on a digital transformation journey to 

better connect with our customers. 

Other considerations include endeavouring to conduct 

ourselves well and abiding by the law, particularly in 

areas that are relevant to our specific stakeholders. 

This section of the report covers environmental topics 

that were identified as material specifically to Cycle &amp; 

Carriage Singapore and Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang. 

Apart from safeguarding the quality and health of the 

natural environment, environmental factors serve 

as indicators of operational efficiency. The primary 

activities of Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore and Cycle &amp; 

Carriage Bintang involve the distributing and/or retailing 

and servicing of motor vehicles, and through the 

course of these activities, we manage our energy and 

water consumption together with waste generation. 

MANAGING ENERGY

(GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 302-1)

We do not generate our own electricity at Cycle &amp; 

Carriage Singapore and Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang. 

Electricity is sourced from the national grids and 

electricity consumption is based on the utilities bills 

issued by the national power suppliers in Singapore  

(SP Services) and Malaysia (Tenaga Nasional Berhad). 

In 2017, Cycle Carriage Singapore and Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Bintang had a total energy consumption of 53,753.7GJ. 

A full breakdown of 2017 data is given in the 

Appendix: ESG Data.

MANAGING WATER

(GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 303-1)

Managing water consumption at our operations is 

important in Singapore and Malaysia, where water is a 

precious resource. It also reduces costs to ensure the 

long-term viability of our business operations.

Water consumed by the operations of Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Singapore and Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang is supplied by 

the national water agencies. In 2017, Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Singapore and Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang had a total 

water consumption of 171,706m3. Consumption figures 

are derived from the utilities bills issued by the water 

suppliers in Singapore and Malaysia. An underground 

water leakage was reported in 2017 and this will be 

rectified in 2018. A full breakdown of 2017 data is given 

in the Appendix: ESG Data. 



We believe that each of our 

businesses should take ownership 

of its long-term sustainability. To 

effectively manage its operations, 

each business must determine 

what is relevant and important to 

them. 

23

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2017


ENVIRONMENT

MANAGING WASTE AND HAZARDOUS MATERIALS

(GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 306-2, 306-4)

Both Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore and Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Bintang ensure continued compliance with their 

respective national legislation on waste disposal by 

engaging licenced waste disposal contractors to collect 

and dispose both hazardous and non-hazardous waste.

An estimated 1,440kg general waste was generated 

in 2017 by Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang, based on 

approximate extrapolated rates across national outlets. 

All general waste was disposed to landfill. Figures for 

general waste are not currently available for Cycle &amp; 

Carriage Singapore.

The service centres of Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore 

and Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang generate certain 

hazardous materials such as oily water, used engine 

oil, spent coolant and waste sludge, which could have 

an environmental impact if disposed irresponsibly 

or discharged accidentally. The building complex 

managers in Singapore and aftersales service managers 

in Malaysia are responsible for engaging waste disposal 

contractors licensed by the local governments to 

transport and remove such waste from the service 

centres. Procedures in the handling and transportation 

of hazardous materials to the contractors’ premises 

are established and agreed with the waste disposal 

contractors to ensure that the hazardous waste 

materials are properly managed. 

In Singapore, the disposal method for hazardous 

materials is agreed upon with the approved contractors 

licensed by the National Environment Agency of 

Singapore to ensure that the hazardous materials are 

properly managed. In Malaysia, the disposal method 

of hazardous materials is governed by the Department 

of Environment, Ministry of Natural Resources &amp; 

Environment, and procedures in the handling and 

transporting of hazardous materials to the contractors’ 

premises are established and agreed with the waste 

disposal contractors. Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang’s 

Occupational Health and Safety Manual further dictates 

additional requirements and procedures for waste 

disposal. 

In both Singapore and Malaysia, disposed waste oil is 

routed through a recovery process with the derivatives 

routed to further treatment systems and disposal 

externally. 

Going forward, JC&amp;C plans to establish a reporting 

system for hazardous materials to be standardised 

across both Singapore and Malaysian operations.

FUTURE PLANS AND TARGETS

MANAGING

ENERGY AND WATER 

MANAGING

WASTE AND HAZARDOUS MATERIALS

We will continue to track both our energy and water 

consumption at Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore and Cycle 

&amp; Carriage Bintang to understand our usage. We will 

evaluate setting reduction targets, specific initiatives 

and cost saving measures over the next reporting cycle.

Keeping standardised records of the waste we 

produce from Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore and Cycle 

&amp; Carriage Bintang is the first step in managing our 

waste generation. We will seek to standardise the 

waste recorded from our premises in both countries 

and start a register of waste consignment notes for our 

hazardous or scheduled waste collections.

24

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE LIMITED


SOCIAL

HEALTH &amp; SAFETY

(GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 403-2, 403-4)

The health and safety of our employees are paramount 

in safeguarding the welfare of our people and ensuring 

that our businesses operate with minimal interference. 

Health and safety obligations are set out in the 

collective agreements with the respective trade unions 

in Singapore and Malaysia. They include personal 

protective equipment, training or educating employees 

on health and safety topics such as work injury 

compensation, feedback mechanism for employees 

and compliance with national health and safety 

legislation.

Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang’s collective agreement further 

requires it to establish a Health &amp; Safety Committee.  

In addition, its Occupational Safety and Health Manual, 

which includes a health &amp; safety policy, guides the way 

it manages operations and sets out procedures for a 

safe working environment.

At Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore, health and safety 

matters are managed by the Workplace Health and 

Safety Committee and Company Emergency Response 

Team for each building complex. The committee 

comprises the building complex heads of its five 

complexes in Singapore. The committee is advised 

by an external Group Safety Advisor. Each member of 

the Emergency Response Team is required to undergo 

training to attain certification. Incident report forms are 

reviewed by worker representatives and rectifications 

are recommended and implemented.

EMPLOYEE WELFARE

(GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3)

We have always been an organisation that recognises 

the importance of our people to the sustainability of 

our business. 

A human resources policy is in place covering hiring 

and employment including compensation and 

benefits, as well as training and development aspects 

for both JC&amp;C parent company and Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Singapore, while Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang has an 

employee handbook. These are reviewed regularly by 

the respective HR divisions considering feedback from 

new hire/exit interviews, performance reviews, and 

stakeholder comments.

In 2017, our 100%-owned subsidiary, Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Singapore where we have nearly 1,000 employees, was 

named for the third consecutive year among HR Asia’s 

‘Best Companies to Work For’. 

To better engage with our people, we listen to their 

views and offer an environment that is collaborative 

and productive. Since launching Workplace by 

Facebook in Singapore in December 2017, 88% of our 

1,000-strong Singapore-based staff are connected on 

this internal communications platform as at the end 

of January 2018. In March 2018, we also implemented 

Workplace by Facebook in Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang to 

enable us to reach out to our colleagues in Malaysia 

and for its management to strengthen staff cohesion 

within the organisation. 



The health and safety of our 

employees are paramount in 

safeguarding the welfare of our 

people and ensuring that our 

businesses operate with minimal 

interference.

Notwithstanding ever-evolving expectations and groups of stakeholders, our philosophy and 

responsibility towards our people and communities remain unchanged. With a long-term 

view of our businesses, we value these partnerships, respect their views and seek to support 

them in a relevant way.

25

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2017


SOCIAL

Our workforce

(GRI 102-7, 102-8, 103-1, 103-2, 103-3)

In 2017, JC&amp;C parent company, Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Singapore and Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang employed a 

total of 1,813 staff, nearly all of them are based across 

Singapore and Malaysia. JC&amp;C parent company has a 

representative staff based in Indonesia, Myanmar and 

Vietnam. 

There is also a good mix of gender diversity within 

Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore and Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Bintang, especially considering the nature of the 

automotive business that they are engaged in. 

While the workforce is not influenced by seasonal 

variations and hiring is based on long-term planning 

and demand, Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore and Cycle 

&amp; Carriage Bintang use the flexibility of in-house 

contractors to supplement and support some of our 

business needs, such as new car logistics and aftersales. 

However, the majority of activities are performed by 

our own employees.

A full breakdown of our employment figures for 2017 is 

provided in the Appendix: ESG Data.

Employee benefits

(GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 401-2, 401-3)

Apart from complying with the relevant statutory 

requirements related to employment in Singapore and 

Malaysia, including retirement provision (CPF and EPF 

respectively) and SOCSO (social security protection) 

in Malaysia, we also provide benefits such as life 

insurance, accident insurance and medical insurance 

to all full-time employees. 

We believe in actively supporting mothers and 

fathers-to-be as well as existing parents by providing 

them with equal opportunities. All employees are 

eligible for parental leave. We ensure that employees 

receive the statutory maternity leave allowance of 

12 or 16 weeks in Singapore and 60 consecutive days in 

Malaysia. Since 1st January 2017, all working fathers are 

entitled to two weeks of paternity leave in Singapore. 

In Malaysia, working fathers receive four consecutive 

days of paternity leave. 

In 2017, no parental leave was taken at JC&amp;C parent 

company.

 

At Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore and Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Bintang, 64 employees took parental leave in 2017 with 

a return-to-work rate of 100%. The retention rates for 

these employees after 12 months from their return 

are respectively 83% and 94% for Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Singapore and Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang.

EMPLOYEE BREAKDOWN BY GENDER

EMPLOYEE BREAKDOWN BY AGE

Male

Female

0%

20%

40%

60%

80%

100%

Overall

JC&amp;C parent company

Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore

Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang

Under 30 years old

30-50 years old

Over 50 years old

0%

20%

40%

60%

80%

100%

Overall

JC&amp;C parent company

Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore

Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang

26

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE LIMITED


Performance and career development

(GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 404-3)

All employees receive annual performance and 

career development review7. Apart from reviewing 

their performance, the review also serves to align the 

learning needs of employees with business objectives. 

We believe that developing employees’ capabilities 

for their current and future roles, as well as giving our 

people a voice, are essential to employee engagement 

and retention and is key to the long-term sustainability 

of the business.

A full breakdown of performance and career 

development reviews in 2017 is given in the 

Appendix: ESG Data.

Employee retention

(GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 401-1)

We believe in treating our people well and aim for them 

to grow and build lasting careers with us. In Singapore, 

the average length of stay of our employees is  

12.4 years and in Malaysia, it is 8.2 years. A full 

breakdown of turnover figures is provided in the 

Appendix: ESG Data.

DATA FRAUD AND THEFT

(GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3)

Given the customer-based operations at Cycle &amp; 

Carriage Singapore and Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang, 

preventing data fraud and theft is important to us,  

as it is key to safeguard customer information and 

prevent unauthorised use of information.

The JC&amp;C Group adopts the Jardine Matheson 

Group CoC where employees must comply with 

all information laws and regulations, including data 

privacy, data retention and computer security laws. 

Availability, integrity and confidentiality of information 

must be safeguarded by following information security 

policies and procedures applicable to their business.

JC&amp;C sets out the guiding principles necessary to 

establish sound information security management, as 

overseen by the JC&amp;C parent company’s Information 

Technology department. Internal and external audits 

are further conducted and reviewed to evaluate 

the effectiveness of approach and processes. The 

evaluation enables us to update our Information 

Security Policy to keep up with new information 

security threats.

In 2017, we worked with an external consultant to 

develop a Cyber Incident Response Plan for JC&amp;C 

parent company and Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore. The 

plan will also be rolled out to Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang 

in due course.

There was no digital attack incident or digital security 

breach incident in 2017.

ENGAGING OUR COMMUNITIES

(GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 201-1, 413-1)

The sustainability of our businesses is closely 

intertwined and seeks to be aligned with the 

development of the communities in which we operate. 

Headquartered in Singapore, JC&amp;C parent company’s 

community initiatives in Singapore are primarily 

focused on mental health, an area that is under-served 

and lacks meaningful support from the private sector. 

According to research conducted by the Lien Centre 

for Social Innovation, those with mental illness were 

identified as a vulnerable community.

In Singapore, JC&amp;C parent company and Cycle &amp; 

Carriage Singapore jointly undertake community 

initiatives. The JC&amp;C Legal &amp; Corporate Affairs 

department in Singapore plans, manages and executes 

the community initiatives of JC&amp;C parent company and 

Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore. 

In Malaysia, Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang is committed in 

making a positive contribution by supporting various 

community programmes, with initiatives managed by its 

Human Resource and Marketing departments.

SOCIAL

7 

Applicable to all confirmed employees. Employees undergoing probation will receive a career review upon the completion of their probation period.



27

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2017


A recognised corporate partner in mental health in Singapore

Since 2011, JC&amp;C has adopted the Jardine Matheson Group’s philanthropic initiative, MINDSET, which was 

originally established in Hong Kong to make a difference in mental health. MINDSET Care Limited ("MINDSET") is a 

registered charity in Singapore that aims to change people’s attitudes by raising awareness of mental health issues 

as well as providing direct assistance for individuals, families and organisations in need. 

JC&amp;C is committed to providing manpower support, resources, expertise and funding to contribute positively and 

effectively to the mental health community through MINDSET. JC&amp;C Group Managing Director, Alex Newbigging, 

serves as the Chairman of the Board and Steering Committee of MINDSET. The Steering Committee is made 

up of the business heads of Jardine Matheson companies in Singapore. JC&amp;C also provides and fully funds 

communications, corporate secretariat, finance and legal support to MINDSET. In addition, 28 JC&amp;C employees 

have served or are currently serving a two-year tenure as Jardine Ambassadors to organise activities and 

programmes for MINDSET.

MINDSET HIGHLIGHTS

SOCIAL

Won ‘Charity 

Transparency 

Award’ 

for the second consecutive year

Pledged &amp; Donated

S$5 million*

to mental health programmes 

since 2011

5-year

commitment of 

S$2 million to MINDSET 

Learning Hub,

which trained 194 clients and provided 109 job 

placements since opening in October 2016

Provided job 

placements for

122

clients

(2017: 39 clients)

within the Jardine Matheson Group since 2011

Raised over

S$394,000

in 2017

through signature fund raiser

Jardine Matheson Group

invited to the prestigious

‘Company of Good Fellowship’ 

programme 

* 

Including contributions to MINDSET.

28

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE LIMITED


MINDSET is focused on combating social stigma surrounding mental health issues by building understanding. 

It also seeks to support the social reintegration of people with mental health issues through employment 

opportunities and social enterprise initiatives, as well as fund raising and allocating resources to related projects 

and programmes. Its efforts are focused on four areas:

Jointly with other Jardine Matheson companies in Singapore, MINDSET’s contributions to mental health include:

From 2011 to 2017:

JC&amp;C

Jardine Matheson Group#

Total donations*

S$1.3 million

S$5 million*

No. of Jardine Ambassadors (employee volunteers)

28

147

No. of employee volunteer hours

c. 6,300 hrs

c. 30,700 hrs

* 

Including contributions to MINDSET

# 

Including business associates and employees

During the year, MINDSET marked significant milestones including winning the ‘Charity Transparency Award’ for 

the second consecutive year, in recognition of its exemplary disclosure and governance in Singapore. 

In addition, Jardine Matheson Group was invited to participate in the ‘Company of Good Fellowship’ programme 

by the National Volunteer &amp; Philanthropy Centre in partnership with the National University of Singapore Business 

School. The programme seeks to develop a community of leaders to strengthen Singapore‘s corporate giving 

ecosystem. Through the participation of a JC&amp;C representative, Jardine Matheson Group sought to serve the 

community as a leader in the field of mental health and create a multiplier effect by encouraging others in 

corporate giving. 

Social reintegration through employment opportunities

The Jardine Matheson Group believes in the social reintegration of people with mental illness and providing job 

placement opportunities is one of the means to achieve this. To that end, MINDSET has successfully placed 122 

mental health clients into jobs across the Jardine Matheson Group since 2011. In 2017, 39 clients were provided 

job placements, two of whom were placed in JC&amp;C. 

SOCIAL

AWARENESS &amp; 

OUTREACH

BACK TO THE 

WORKFORCE

SOCIAL

ENTERPRISE

FUND RAISING 

AND ALLOCATION

To raise awareness among 

employees and the public 

of MINDSET’s objectives 

as well as to reduce the 

social stigma associated 

with mental health issues 

through talks, campaigns, 

collaterals and events.

To promote social and 

community acceptance 

through reintegration and 

to source for appropriate 

job openings and work 

training opportunities 

within as well as outside 

of the Jardine Matheson 

Group.

To help mental health 

clients earn a source of 

income through profit-

generating business 

activities.

To raise funds through 

community and corporate 

engagements or 

partnerships, for mental 

health projects and 

charitable organisations.

29

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2017


In 2016, MINDSET partnered the Singapore Association 

for Mental Health to set up MINDSET Learning Hub 

("MLH"). With MINDSET’s funding pledge of  

S$2 million over five years, the hub is Singapore’s  

first and only employment training centre to work with 

various training partners to provide Workforce Skills 

Qualifications ("WSQ") courses tailored for people with 

mental heath issues. Since its launch in October 2016, 

MLH has been providing clients with the skill sets to 

tap employment opportunities and reintegrate into 

the workforce. In 2017, MLH successfully trained 194 

mental health clients and provided 109 job placements. 

In May 2017, MLH Café, which is located within the 

training centre’s premises started operations. The 

café serves as a platform for mental health clients 

undergoing the WSQ food hygiene course to gain first-hand experience in food preparation and customer service 

under the guidance of a certified trainer. The café is also an outreach platform for raising awareness on mental 

health and it is growing into a successful social enterprise initiative. 

Raising funds for mental health

In November 2017, MINDSET’s annual fund raiser, The 

MINDSET Challenge &amp; Carnival raised a record amount 

of over S$394,000 for the MINDSET Learning Hub. The 

event has raised over S$1.6 million for different mental 

health projects since it started in 2012. 

The 33-floor vertical race up Marina Bay Financial 

Centre Tower 1 attracted over 200 race participants 

while the carnival across at The Lawn @ Marina Bay saw 

2,000 attendees. The event provided an opportunity for 

employees, families and friends, business partners and 

mental health clients to interact over food and games. 

JC&amp;C employees actively participated in the vertical 

race and craftwork sessions with mental health clients 

held at the carnival, as well as donated to the cause. 

Other community efforts

In 2017, JC&amp;C parent company, Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Singapore and Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang also supported 

several other community efforts: 

Singapore Management University 

JC&amp;C parent company contributed S$24,000 for the 

Jardine Cycle &amp; Carriage-Singapore Management 

University Scholarship, supporting two students in their 

second and third year of university. Since 2011, JC&amp;C 

has awarded a total of 19 students with the JC&amp;C 

Scholarship. 

SOCIAL







30

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE LIMITED


Institute of Policy Studies 

JC&amp;C parent company donated S$10,000 to the Institute of Policy Studies ("IPS"), in 

support of IPS’ contributions towards better policymaking and responsive governance.

National Cancer Society Malaysia 

Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang donated RM3,000 to the National Cancer Society Malaysia, which 

aims to raise awareness of early detection and prevention of cancer. 

The Otomotif College 

Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang donated RM1,000 to The Otomotif College, a leading Approved 

Higher Education Institution. The Otomotif College aims to push the boundaries and shape 

the future of students and alumni in the automotive industry in Malaysia.

Kechara Soup Kitchen 

Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang donated RM15,000 to Kechara Soup Kitchen ("KSK"). Cycle &amp; 

Carriage Bintang’s employees further contributed dry provisions worth RM4,000 as well as 

personal time to pack and deliver household items to low income families in Klang Valley, 

Johor Bahru and Penang. KSK is a non-religious community group that distributes food, 

basic medical aid and counselling to the homeless and urban poor of Malaysia.

SOCIAL

HEALTH 

&amp; SAFETY

EMPLOYEE

WELFARE

PREVENTING DATA 

FRAUD AND THEFT

ENGAGING 

COMMUNITIES

The health and safety 

of our people are of 

upmost importance, and 

it is our responsibility as 

an employer to ensure 

the health, safety and 

welfare of our employees. 

In 2018, we will look to 

standardise our record 

keeping of health and 

safety issues at Cycle &amp; 

Carriage Singapore and 

Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang. 

This will enable us to 

identify any differences 

across operations and 

address any potential 

issues.

We will continue to 

focus on the professional 

development and welfare 

of our employees. 

Despite having zero 

digital attack incidents 

or digital security breach 

incidents in 2017, we are 

actively taking steps to 

prevent data fraud and 

theft and will look to 

formalise our security 

review processes.

In Singapore, we will 

continue to support the 

mental health cause and 

keep a record of our 

contributions through 

MINDSET, whether it is 

in terms of funding or 

employee volunteering 

hours.

In Malaysia, Cycle &amp; 

Carriage Bintang will 

continue to support 

community projects that 

are focused on creating 

positive social impact.

FUTURE PLANS AND TARGETS





31

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2017


GOVERNANCE

(GRI 205-2)

New hires e-learning on anti-corruption 2017

New hires 

trained

New hires 

required for 

e-learning*

Percentage

JC&amp;C parent company*

Senior management employees

6

6

100%

Middle management employees

1

1

100%

Function group (administration, technical, production, etc)

5**

3

167%

Total

12**

10

120%

Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore*

Senior management employees

1

1

100%

Middle management employees

4***

3

133%

Function group (administration, technical, production, etc.)

43**

29

148%

Total

48**

33

145%

* 

All non-bargainable and sales employees are required to undergo e-learning and had received training in 2015-2016. They are required to undergo 

recertification every two years. The data reflected all the new hires required for e-learning in 2017. 

** 

The e-learning was piloted to a group of bargainable employees in 2017, reflecting the higher number of employees trained than required. 

*** A new joiner in Q42016 who underwent e-learning in 2017.

Existing employees recertification e-learning on 

anti-corruption 2017*

Staff trained

Staff 

required for 

recertification

Percentage

JC&amp;C parent company*

Senior management employees

1

8

13%

Middle management employees

3

4

75%

Function group (administration, technical, production, etc)

4

10

40%

Total

8

22

36%

Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore*

Senior management employees

4

31

13%

Middle management employees

9

45

20%

Function group (administration, technical, production, etc.)

19

224

8%

Total

32

300

11%

* 

All non-bargainable and sales employees are required to undergo e-learning and had received training in 2015-2016. They are required to undergo 

recertification every two years. The data reflected the number of non-bargainable and sales employees required for recertification in 2017. As the 

e-learning for recertification was only launched in December 2017, all the remaining employees required for recertification in 2017 are expected to 

be recertified by the end of 2018.

‘Good Compliance Practices’ training for new hires 2017

Staff trained

Total number 

of staff 

required for 

training *

Percentage 

completing 

training

Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang*

Senior management employees

5

5

100%

Middle management employees

4

4

100%

Function group (administration, technical, production, etc.)

134

134

100%

Total

143

143

100%

* 

All Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang employees received the ‘Good Compliance Practices’ training between June to September 2017, with a total of 763 

staff at that time. In addition, Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang rolled out the ‘Good Compliance Practices’ training to new starters in 2017. 

APPENDIX: ESG DATA

32

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE LIMITED


ENVIRONMENT

(GRI 302-1, 303-1)

Energy source 2017

Electricity consumption 

(kJ)

Total energy consumption 

(kJ)

Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore 

32,202,337,041.82

32,202,337,041.82

Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang

21,551,342,400.00

21,551,342,400.00

Total energy consumption (GJ)

53,753.68

Water consumption 2017

Total volume (m3)

Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore 

86,720.65

Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang

84,985

Total water consumption (m3)

171,705.65

SOCIAL

(GRI 102-7, 102-8, 102-41, 401-1, 401-3, 404-3, 403-2)

Employee figures 2017

JC&amp;C

parent company*

Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Singapore

Cycle &amp; Carriage

Bintang

Numbers by employment contract

Permanent (Male) 

25

700

550

Permanent (Female)

31

257

240

Temporary (Male)

-

3

2

Temporary (Female)

-

3

2

Total

56

963

794

Numbers by employment type

Full-time (Male)

24

701

552

Full-time (Female)

31

260

242

Part-time (Male)

1

2

-

Part-time (Female)

-

-

-

Total

56

963

794

Proportion of total employees covered by 

collective bargaining agreements

14%

73%

28%

* 

All JC&amp;C employees are permanent, with 45 located in Singapore, 3 in Malaysia, 1 in Myanmar, 1 in Vietnam and 1 in Indonesia.

New employee hires in 2017

Age group

Gender

Total

Under 30

30-50

Over 50

Male

Female

JC&amp;C parent company

Total employees*

5

35

16

25

31

56

Number of joiners

2

11

1

8

6

14

Hire rate

40%

31%

6%

32%

19%

25%

Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore

Total employees*

148

509

300

700

257

957

Number of joiners

51

55

12

83

35

118

Hire rate

34%

11%

4%

12%

14%

12%

Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang

Total employees*

285

401

104

550

240

790

Number of joiners

81

60

2

103

40

143

Hire rate

28%

15%

2%

19%

17%

18%

* 

Permanent staff as at 31st December 2017.

APPENDIX: ESG DATA

33

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2017


Employee turnover in 2017

Age group

Gender

Total

Under 30

30-50

Over 50

Male

Female

JC&amp;C parent company

Total employees*

5

35

16

25

31

56

Number of leavers

1

1

2

2

2

4

Turnover rate

20%

3%

13%

8%

6%

7%

Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore

Total employees*

148

509

300

700

257

957

Number of leavers

14

35

13

47

15

62

Turnover rate

9%

7%

4%

7%

6%

6%

Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang

Total employees*

285

401

104

550

240

790

Number of leavers

36

49

7

60

32

92

Turnover rate

13%

12%

7%

11%

13%

12%

* 

Permanent staff as at 31st December 2017.

Permanent employees receiving 

performance and development 

reviews in 2017*

JC&amp;C 

parent company

Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Singapore

Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Bintang

Male

Female

Total

Male

Female

Total

Male

Female

Total

Senior management employees

91%

86%

89%

100%

80%

94%

94%

91%

93%

Middle management employees

67%

82%

75%

94%

100%

96%

77%

77%

77%

Function employees

60%

85%

78%

94%

92%

93%

90%

91%

91%

Overall (all employees)

76%

84%

80%

94%

93%

94%

90%

90%

90%

* 

Applicable to all confirmed employees. Employees undergoing probation will receive a career review upon the completion of their probation 

period.

Parental leave figures 2017

JC&amp;C 

parent company

Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Singapore

Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Bintang

Male

Female

Total

Male

Female

Total

Male

Female

Total

Parental leave taken in 2017

0

0

0

28

10

38

16

10

26

Return after parental leave in 2017

-

-

-

28

10

38

16

9

25

Return after parental leave in 2016

-

-

-

11

7

18

9

8

17

Still employed 12 months after 

return in 2016 (retention rate)

-

-

-

9

6

15

9

7

16

Return rate after parental leave

-

-

-

100%

100%

100%

100%

90%

96%

Retention rate after parental leave

-

-

-

82%

86%

83%

100%

88%

94%

APPENDIX: ESG DATA

34

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE LIMITED


Health &amp; Safety figures 2017***

JC&amp;C 

parent company

Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Singapore

Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Bintang

Male

Female

Total

Male

Female

Total

Male

Female

Total

Fatalities

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

Fatality rate*

-

-

0

-

-

0

-

-

0

Minor injuries

0

0

0

2

1

3

**

**

**

Minor injury rate*

-

-

0

-

-

1.4

**

**

**

Major injuries

0

0

0

6

0

6

2

0

2

Major injury rate*

-

-

0

-

-

2.8

-

-

1.2

Lost days

0

0

0

73

1

74

55

0

55

Lost day rate*

-

-

0

-

-

33.9

-

-

32.9

Absentees

15.5

80

96

4,658.5 1,396.5

6,055

3,061.5

1,475.5

4,537

Absentee rate*

-

-

746.7

-

-

2,770.5

-

-

2,719.2

Occupational disease 

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

Occupational disease rate*

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

0

* 

Rates are calculated based on per million working hours adopted from the International Labour Organisation (ILO). Figures are based on number 

of permanent staff working 8-hour days.

** 

In 2017, Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang in Malaysia did not track the number of minor injuries.

*** Incidents in Singapore are recorded on the Incident Report Form and includes a description of the incident, causes and rectification actions. In 

Malaysia, an Accident Report Form for workplace accidents is submitted to HR.

Health &amp; Safety definitions

Major injuries

Injuries that require beyond first aid treatment

Minor injuries

Injuries that can be treated with first aid

Lost days

Days that could not be counted as work as a consequence of workers being unable to 

perform their usual work due to an occupational accident or disease

Occupational disease

Disease arising from a work situation or activity, or from a work-related injury

Absentee days

Lost days and absence leave excluding permitted leave absence such as parental 

leave and study leave

APPENDIX: ESG DATA

35

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2017


APPENDIX: LIST OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES 

(GRI 102-45)

The details of principal subsidiaries are as follows. For a full list of entities included in the company’s consolidated 

financial statements, please refer to the Annual Report 2017.

Name of Company

Principal activities

Country of 

incorporation/ 

place of business

JC&amp;C’s effective interest in equity

2017 (%)

2016 (%)

Singapore

Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Industries Pte Ltd

Retail of vehicles and provision 

of aftersales services

Singapore

100.0

100.0

Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Automotive Pte Ltd

Distribution and retail of 

vehicles and provision of 

aftersales services

Singapore

100.0

100.0

Cycle &amp; Carriage Kia 

Pte Ltd

Distribution and retail of 

vehicles and provision of 

aftersales services

Singapore

100.0

100.0

Cycle &amp; Carriage 

France Pte Ltd

Distribution and retail of 

vehicles and provision of 

aftersales services

Singapore

100.0

100.0

Diplomat Parts Pte Ltd Investment holding and sale of 

vehicle parts

Singapore

100.0

100.0

Republic Auto Pte Ltd

Retail and leasing of vehicles

Singapore

70.0

70.0

Malaysia

Cycle &amp; Carriage 

Bintang (quoted on 

Bursa Malaysia)

Retail of vehicles and provision 

of aftersales services

Malaysia

59.1

59.1

36

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE LIMITED


GRI STANDARDS INDEX: CORE OPTION

(GRI 102-54, 102-55)

GENERAL DISCLOSURES





Disclosure

Description

Page Reference

GRI STANDARD 102: General Disclosure 2016

Organisational Profile

102-1

Name of the organisation

01, 06

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

04-07

102-3

Location of headquarters

06

JC&amp;C is headquartered and 

listed in Singapore.

102-4

Location of operations

04-05

Annual Report 2017,  

page 10-13

102-5

Ownership and legal form

01, 06

102-6

Markets served 

04-07

102-7

Scale of the organisation

04-07, 11, 20-22, 26, 33

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

26, 33-35

102-9

Supply chain

10

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain

10 -11

102-11

Precautionary principle and approach

09

102-12

External initiatives

40

102-13

Membership of associations

40

Strategy

102-14

Statement from the most senior decision-

maker 

02-03

Ethics and Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour such as codes of conduct and 

codes of ethics. 

08-09

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

12

Refer to the Corporate 

Governance statement in 

Annual Report 2017

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups 

13

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

33

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

13-14

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

13-14

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

14

Reporting Practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements

01, 06-07, 36

For a full list, please refer to 

the Annual Report 2017

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

01, 06-07, 15

102-47

List of material topics

14-15

102-48

Restatements of information

01

102-49

Changes in reporting

01

37

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2017




Disclosure

Description

Page Reference

Reporting Practice

102-50

Reporting period

01

1st Jan - 31st Dec 2017

102-51

Date of most recent report

01

This is JC&amp;C’s first published 

report

102-52

Reporting cycle

01

Reports will be published on 

an annual basis

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report

01

Please share any feedback 

on our sustainability 

report or our sustainability 

practices by contacting:  

sustainability@jcclgroup.com 

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards

01, 37

This report is prepared in 

accordance with the GRI 

Standards: Core option

102-55

GRI content index

37-39

102-56

External assurance

01

No external assurance has 

been sought for this report

TOPIC-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

Disclosure

Description

Page Reference

Topic: Corporate Governance

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

09, 14-15, 16-17

103-2

The management approach and its 

components 

09, 16-17

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

09, 16-17

Non-GRI

Standards and regulation applied, and 

external performance rankings

09, 16-17

Topic: Transparency and Anti-Corruption

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

14-15, 19

103-2

The management approach and its 

components 

19

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

19

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 2016

205-2

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures

19, 32

Information is not currently 

available for communication 

of policies to business 

partners or training of 

governance body members

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: CORE OPTION

(GRI 102-54, 102-55)

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

38

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE LIMITED




Disclosure

Description

Page Reference

Topic: Compliance

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

14-15, 17-18

103-2

The management approach and its 

components 

17-18

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

17-18

Non-GRI

Management of compliance as a business 

practice

17-18

Topic: Economic Performance

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

14-15, 20-22

103-2

The management approach and its 

components 

20-22

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

20-22

GRI 201: Economic 

Performance 2016

201-1

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed

04-05, 20-22, 27-31

Full financial results 

including Consolidated Profit 

&amp; Loss Account (page 57) 

are given in JC&amp;C’s audited 

financial statements 2017

Topic: Energy Conservation

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

14-15, 23

103-2

The management approach and its 

components 

23

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

23

GRI 302: Energy 2016

302-1

Energy consumption within the organisation

23, 33

Only electricity consumption 

data is available for 2017 

Topic: Waste Management

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

14-15, 24

103-2

The management approach and its 

components 

24

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

24

GRI 306: Effluents &amp; 

Waste 2016

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

24

Volumes of waste are 

not currently available 

for operations, and so 

are omitted from this 

report. Targets for the 

standardisation of data 

collection as well as the 

recording methods for waste 

disposal have been set for 

full disclosure in 2018

Topic: Water Management

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

14-15, 23

103-2

The management approach and its 

components 

23

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

23

GRI 303: Water 2016

303-1

Water withdrawal by source

23, 33

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: CORE OPTION

(GRI 102-54, 102-55)

TOPIC-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

39

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2017




Disclosure

Description

Page Reference

Topic: Management of Hazardous Materials

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

14-15, 24

103-2

The management approach and its 

components 

24

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

24

GRI 306: Effluents and 

Waste 2016

306-4

Transport of hazardous waste

24

Topic: Employee Welfare  

 

 

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

14-15, 25-27

103-2

The management approach and its 

components 

25-27

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

25-27

GRI 401: Employment 

2016

401-1

New employee hires and turnover

27, 33-34

401-2

Benefits provided to full-time employees that 

are not provided to temporary or part-time 

employees

26

401-3

Parental leave

26, 34

GRI 404: Training &amp; 

Education 2016

404-3

Percentage of employees receiving regular 

performance and career development reviews

27, 34

Topic: Health &amp; Safety

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

14-15, 25

103-2

The management approach and its 

components 

25

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

25

GRI 403: 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 2016

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities

25, 35

403-4

Health and safety topics covered in formal 

agreements with trade unions

25

Topic: Data Fraud or Theft

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

14-15, 27

103-2

The management approach and its 

components 

27

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

27

Non-GRI 

Total number of identified digital attacks or 

digital security breach incidents

27

Digital security measures and preparedness/

response procedures

27

Topic: Community Engagement

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary

14-15, 27-31

103-2

The management approach and its 

components 

27-31

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

27-31

GRI 413: Local 

Communities 2016

413-1

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, and 

development programs

27-31

GRI STANDARDS INDEX: CORE OPTION

(GRI 102-54, 102-55)

TOPIC-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

40

JARDINE CYCLE &amp; CARRIAGE LIMITED


MEMBERSHIPS AND INITIATIVES

(GRI 102-12, 102-13)

JC&amp;C parent company

Cycle &amp; Carriage Singapore

Cycle &amp; Carriage Bintang

Memberships

Singapore Institute of 

Directors

The French Chamber of 

Commerce in Singapore

Malaysian Automotive 

Association

Singapore International 

Chamber of Commerce

Singapore National Employers 

Federation

British Malaysian Chamber of 

Commerce

Investor Relations 

Professionals Association

Motor Traders Association in 

Singapore

Malaysian Employer 

Federation

British Chamber of Commerce

Singapore Business Federation

Singapore Business Federation

Singapore Chinese Chamber 

of Commerce &amp; Industry

Singapore National Employer’s 

Federation

The Singapore Cycle &amp; Motor 

Traders’ Association

Vehicle Rental Association

Singapore National Employer’s 

Federation

Initiatives

Sustainability reporting under 

listing rules of the Singapore 

Exchange

Singapore Code of Corporate 

Governance 2012

Sustainability Statement under 

Bursa Malaysia Berhad listing 

requirements

Singapore Code of Corporate 

Governance 2012

Institute of Internal Audit 

Standards

Malaysian Code of Corporate 

Governance 2017

Institute of Internal Audit 

Standards

41

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2017


 

W W W . J C C L G R O U P . C O M

