
 

 

 



 

 

 

 

 

JASPER INVESTMENTS LTD 

 Fourth Sustainability Report 

2021


 

 

1 

 



1. 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

We are pleased to present the Fourth Sustainability Report of Jasper Investments Ltd. (“Jasper” or the 

“Company”). This report covers the operations and overall sustainability impact of Jasper and its 

subsidiary, Garnet 9 Carriers Pte. Ltd. (the “Group”).  

Management Structure 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”), with the support of the Management, will have overall 

responsibility for overseeing the sustainability initiatives. The Board will determine the strategic 

direction and will ensure that due considerations are given to sustainability matters during strategy 

formulation and implementation for the business and growth of the Group. 

Sustainability Priorities 

Several of our projects were scheduled to enter into commercial stage during 1st Quarter 2021 as the 

Board prepared to identify key sustainability priorities which were material to the business of the 

Group then. The Board and the management recognise that in connection with the Company’s marine 

logistics transportation projects in the China Greater Bay Area that were announced (“Projects”) and 

which were at the relevant time in the planning or early start-up stage, the immediate and primary 

responsibility of the management is to identify the sustainability priorities in so far as its involvement 

with the Projects is concerned.  

Unfortunately, the pro-longed outbreak of COVID 19, in particular the outbreak of the Delta variant, 

has brought about detrimental impact on the businesses and operations globally and the North Asian 

region.  With the lock-down measures imposed in the region and in China, the Projects were 

suspended or delayed.  For and following the resumption of the Projects, the management will identify 

key sustainability priorities which are material to the business of the Group. 

Preparation of this Sustainability Report 

This report has been prepared in accordance with Rule 711A and 711B of the Listing Manual of the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited for Sustainability Reporting. 

Reporting Scope and Period 

This Fourth Sustainability Report, which covers the period from 1 April 2020 to 31 March 2021  

(“FY2021”), provides information on the Group’s sustainability performance as well as its on-going 

strategies and practices. 

ESG Reporting Framework 

The Group’s Sustainability Report has been prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative 

(“GRI”) Standards but has not fully adopted the GRI Standards. The GRI Standards are widely adopted 

globally as standards for sustainability reporting and provide businesses and organisations worldwide 

a framework to measure, understand and communicate their critical sustainability matters on 

economic, environmental, social performance to stakeholders. The Board intends to prepare the 

Company’s Sustainability Reports in accordance with the GRI Standards, in so far as it shall be 

practicable to adhere to such standards in the context of the Group and its operations. 

 


 

 

2 

 



2. 

MESSAGE FROM THE BOARD 

Vision for Sustainability 

We see ourselves as a provider of infrastructure, marine logistical and transportation solutions that 

take responsibility of the environment, resources, and the surrounding community around us. 

Mission and Values 

Mission 

Our mission is to become a one-stop solution provider for our clients in the provision of infrastructural 

development, operations and marine transportation services in North and South-East Asia. We aim to 

design bespoke solutions which will optimize productivity and minimize resources while complying 

with the local Environmental Impact Assessment Studies (“EIAS”) and the Securities Investors 

Association Singapore (“SIAS”) codes and recommendations. 

Values 

Our staff will demonstrate their highest regard for the Company's values through their quality of work 

and commitments. 

 

We respect, protect and develop our people. 

 

We create value for our stakeholders. 

 

We conduct our business with transparency and in compliance with local conditions. 

Cognizance of the Group’s social-economic responsibilities 

We live in an inter-connected world. How we consume resources would matter from a long-term 

perspective of the sustainability of our Group, our people, our vendors and the environment that we 

operate in.  It is an inter-related community that serves us, and in return, we need to protect it for the 

benefits that we intend to draw for years to come.  

At Jasper, we help build core infrastructural structures to better the lives of many, but we are also 

mindful of our actions thus implementing each project with sustainable practices such as adhering to 

local EIAS and SIAS codes adopted by the project owners before each project is planned and carried 

out.  The Group will enter, in the course of its business, into collaboration, co-operation and/or joint 

operations with third party principal contractors, sub-contractors, vendors and service providers. In 

engaging with such third parties, and as appropriate, we plan to highlight Jasper’s vision for 

sustainability and the Group’s desire to work with parties that embrace sustainability values and 

visions that are no less stringent than those adopted by the Group. It is the longer-term goal of the 

Group to streamline its selection process in relation to the employment or engagement of third-party 

vendors and service providers to take into consideration the sustainability values and visions of such 

parties. 

At the individual level, we ensure there is transparency in our project management activities and 

exercise a high level of health and safety standards for all employees and individuals who work with 

or provide services and support to the Group. People are and will continue to be an asset to the 

Company.    We are committed to creating a work culture that welcomes equality, diversity and 


 

 

3 

 



inclusion. Our recruitment policy ensures staff are strictly employed based on merit and capability, 

regardless of their gender, age or nationality. 

Board Assurance 

Together as an organization, we take responsibility of the future by making the right choices. The 

Board never considers our sustainability work complete, and we constantly push forward to find 

better solutions, to adopt the best practices and mitigate any risks to the environment arising from 

the Group’s operations.  The Board will continue, as part of its strategic formulation for the Group’s 

business, development and growth, to consider sustainability issues. The Board will determine and 

identify the material environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) factors, revisit such determination 

as and when appropriate or necessary, as well as manage and monitor (or effectively delegate such 

management and monitoring of) the material ESG factors. 

Feedback 

We value feedback from our stakeholders as it allows us to continually improve our sustainability 

policies, processes and performance. Please kindly address all feedback to the Board. Your feedback 

and suggestions are important to us and will be considered as part of our on-going initiatives to 

improve on our future reporting. 

Recognising Stakeholders’ Support 

The Board would like to thank all our stakeholders for their continued support and participation in our 

journey towards a sustainable future. 

 

Board of Directors 

Jasper Investments Ltd 

28 August 2021 

 

 


 

 

4 

 



Vision 

Mission 

Values 

3. 

MANAGEMENT OF SUSTAINABILITY: IT IS A CONTINUOUS LOOP 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Governance is a continuous proactive and reactive loop involving the 4 units above.  

At the outset, the Board will set the Vision, Mission and Values that the Group should adhere to and 

seek to fulfil. 

The Board and the Management, with the assistance and support of senior Project Managers as well 

as third party principal contractors, sub-contractors, vendors and service providers (“Vendors”), shall 

translate adopted EIAS and SIAS into measurable deliverables. 

It is expected that all Project Managers assigned to the Vendors’ transportation resources are to report 

each trip in an unbiased and objective manner. 

All future business endeavours will be anchored with identified sustainability factors as well.  

Continuous feedback from all units of the above sustainability loop is to enable the Group to monitor 

achievability, modify targets and to make aware new areas for inclusion. 

4. 

THE GROUP COMMITS TO GOOD BUSINESS ETHICS 

The Group is committed to conducting its business with high ethical standards.  Under the leadership 

of the Board, the Group will continually ensure that all applicable laws and regulations in Singapore 

and in any jurisdiction that the Group operates or has activities are duly complied with. Such laws and 

regulations include those that relate to anti-money laundering and anti-corruption. The Board will 

look into establishing ethical guidelines and policies which the Management and employees are 

expected to follow.   

The Group aims to prevent corrupt practices in all aspects of its business and conduct its activities in 

an ethical and honest manner. Our ethical environment fosters a culture for all employees to develop 

 

All Vendors &amp; 

Jasper’s Project 

Managers 

Board of Directors 

Principal Contractors / 

Project Owners 

Management 

with Project 

Managers 

 


 

 

5 

 



a high standard of integrity in their conduct. To entrench this culture, the Group will in time implement 

policies to safeguard the ethical interests of our stakeholders and simultaneously safeguard the 

Group’s assets and protect our best interest. The Board expects all personnel to observe a strict policy 

against receiving favours or gifts which are intended to affect business judgement and decisions, and 

undermine honest business ethics. Furthermore, we expect all of our business counterparties (in 

particular, the Vendors) whom we work with to share this commitment and to promote similar values 

and standards.  

The Company has a whistle blowing policy in place for employees and, indeed any other persons, who 

have major concerns over any wrong-doings relating to unlawful conduct, financial malpractice or 

dangers to the public or our business within the Group. We will ensure that employees are informed 

and made aware of the proper channels and procedures to raise their concerns of any wrong-doings 

or fraud, without the risk of losing their jobs or suffer from any form of reprisal.  

5. 

THE GROUP PLEDGES TO SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT 

The Board believes that having a mindset of sustainability and ensuring sustainability is featured in 

the Group’s broader strategy will help to create long-term value for the Company’s stakeholders 

(including shareholders generally). 

Material ESG factors are or will be identified by the Board and the Management collectively through 

discussion. To the extent necessary, such discussion may include key Vendors engaged by the Group. 

As it is not practically possible to deal with all identified material ESG factors at the same time, the 

Board with the help of the Management will determine the level of materiality of each material ESG 

factors to create a list of Sustainability Priorities. To ensure that all determinations stay relevant, the 

Group will gather feedback on the same as well as this report from time to time. 

The Company is currently determining and finalising the reporting principles for the projects on which 

the ESG factors are identified and reported. On a preliminary basis, the Board has determined that the 

reporting principles adopted should ensure that: (i) all sustainability issues published in any 

Sustainability Report are relevant to the Group; (ii) a culture of transparency within the Group is 

promoted so as foster an increased accountability to our stakeholders; and (iii) any Sustainability 

Report include material topics and their boundaries, and, to the extent practicable, supported by 

complete data relevant to the scope and reporting period.  

Although this is the fourth Sustainability Reporting of the Company and given that the Projects have 

not started  (and presently, waiting to be resumed in light of the COVID-19 situation), the Board notes 

that the Management remains in the process of and require more time in tandem with the 

commencement of the projects, to further refine the Sustainability Reporting process in the coming 

years, in particular, after the Group has finalised the reporting principles and has had sufficient 

opportunities to observe and review implementation. 

6. 

MATERIAL FACTORS UNDER THE ESG FRAMEWORK 

For FY2021, the Board is of the view that the topics below which have been identified as material 

factors under the ESG framework since the first Sustainability Reporting of the Company remain 

relevant and the focus of the Group: 

 


 

 

6 

 



 

Environmental 

Material Topic 

Basis for Identifying the Same for Disclosure 

Environmental Compliance 

Due compliance with local laws and regulations is of 

critical importance 

Social 

Material Topic 

Basis for Identifying the Same for Disclosure 

Employment 

Poses significant effects towards employees, the success 

of the Group whereof is highly dependent on 

 

7. 

IDENTIFICATION OF STAKEHOLDERS 

The Group’s success depends on the support we receive from our stakeholders. We seek to maintain 

a sustainable and mutually interdependent relationship with them. 

As their engagement in our operations is vital to the success of the Group, we ensure that 

communication with our stakeholders is regular and adequate. We want to emphasize the importance 

of transparency with our stakeholders and continue to strive to improve our relationships with them 

through various ways denoted in the table below. 

Stakeholders 

Basis for 

identifying as 

stakeholders 

Engagement 

Platform 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Topic Discussed 

Employees 

 

Employees are 

critical to the 

operations of the 

Group and 

Informal 

dialogues and 

discussions 

As and when 

required 

Employee 

compensation 

and career 

development 

 

Government and 

regulators 

 

Compliance with 

laws and 

regulations 

 

Telephone and 

email 

correspondence 

through 

employees and 

professional 

advisers 

 

As and when 

required 

Regulatory and 

compliance 

matters 

Investors and 

shareholders 

 

Influence on 

Management’s 

and the Board’s 

decisions and 

responsibility 

towards 

investors 

 

Annual and 

Extraordinary 

General meetings 

/ Website / 

SGXNET 

announcements / 

Telephone and 

email 

correspondence 

 

Annual / As and 

when required or 

contacted 

Financial 

performance, 

investor relations 

matters and 

clarification on 

announcements 

as well as other 

public disclosures 

 


 

 

7 

 



Stakeholders 

Basis 

for 

identifying 

as 

stakeholders 

Engagement 

Platform 

Frequency 

of 

Engagement 

Topic Discussed 

Vendors 

 

Dependency on 

Vendors 

 

Telephone and 

email 

correspondence / 

Meetings 

 

As and when 

required or 

contacted 

Requirements, 

Specifications, 

Quality 

Management 

and Contract 

negotiations and 

discussions 

 

Customers 

 

Customers’ 

needs influence 

the strategic 

direction and 

decisions 

 

Telephone and 

email 

correspondence / 

Meetings 

 

As and when 

required or 

contacted 

Requirements, 

Specifications, 

Quality 

Management 

and Contract 

negotiations and 

discussions 

 

 

8. 

THE GROUP’S COMMITMENT TO ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY 

Jasper is committed to environmental sustainability and the Group is committed to integrating 

environmentally responsible practices in our operations. As the Group is reliant on supplies and 

services from third party Vendors, the Group will require its Vendors to be in compliance with all 

relevant environmental standards and regulations when undertaking any jobs or work for the projects 

that the Group are involved and shall, to the extent practicable, take into consideration the 

environmental compliance and sustainability track records of existing and potential Vendors when 

deciding whether to engage or continue to engage any such Vendors.  

To the extent practicable, Vendors with sustainability policies that favour: (i) the use of recyclable 

materials; (ii) reducing energy (for example, through the use of fuel-efficient engines) and other 

utilities (such as water) consumption; and (iii) increasing energy efficiency and overall productivity, 

and who have demonstrated reasonable success in implementing such policies will be admitted to the 

list of preferred Vendors. To the extent practicable, the Group will compile and scrutinize the 

preferred Vendors lists to ensure compliance to environment sustainability. 

9. 

THE GROUP’S COMMITMENT TO ITS PEOPLE 

As the Group’s business focus is in the area of project &amp; fleet management of marine transportation 

projects, our employees are vital to the success of our business. It is the Company’s aim to ensure that 

there is fair compensation and adequate benefits for all. Retention of competent and dedicated staff 

is as important (if not more important) as attracting new talents. The health, safety and welfare of our 

people are of utmost importance to us. In addition, the Board will also place emphasis on the personal 

career development and training of employees when developing and establishing future sustainability 

policies. 

The Board is cognizant of the need to keep close relationships with employees of the Group to ensure 

that their concerns are heard and addressed. It is the desire of the Board to help each employee to 


 

 

8 

 



reach his or her maximum career potential and achieve professional progress in a safe and conducive 

environment. 

