
 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 

 

 

 

 




1 



CONTENTS



 

ORGANIZATIONAL PROFILE ....................................................................................................................... 2 

BOARD’S STATEMENT ............................................................................................................................... 3 

APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY ............................................................................................................... 4 

ECONOMIC ................................................................................................................................................. 7 

ENVIRONMENT ........................................................................................................................................ 10 

SOCIAL ...................................................................................................................................................... 11 

GOVERNANCE .......................................................................................................................................... 13 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX .......................................................................................................... 14 



 

 

 


2 

ORGANIZATIONAL PROFILE 

 

JCG Investment Holdings Ltd is an investment holding company listed on the Catalist Board of the 

Singapore Stock Exchange in April 2006. We are primarily focused in the 2 main business areas of providing 

Health and Wealth services. 

 

In the Health area, the Group currently offers medical aesthetics services in Taiwan and intends to extend 

our services to Singapore, Malaysia and China. In the Wealth area, JCG Investment looks to build a second 

business pillar to provide, among others, business consultancy and real estate related services and 

investments. 

 

Health and Wealth – the 2 essential pillars in our lives. Delivering on this state of balance between one’s 

Health and Wealth is the corporate motivation for JCG Investment as we journey ahead to create and 

enhance value for our loyal shareholders. 

 

 

 

 


3 

BOARD’S STATEMENT 

 

We are pleased to present the annual Sustainability Report of JCG Investment Holdings Ltd (f.k.a. “China 

Medical (International) Group Limited”) (“JCG” or “the Group”) for our financial year ended 31 December 

2018 (“FY2018”). This report is prepared in compliance with the requirements of Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist 711A and 711B, and 

references the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: Core Option. We have chosen to report using 

the GRI Standards because it is an internationally recognised reporting framework that covers a 

comprehensive range of sustainability disclosures. Moreover, the structured framework promotes 

reporting a full and balanced picture of JCG’s material matters and the management of its impact. This 

report highlights the key economic, environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) related initiatives 

carried throughout a 12-month period, from 1 January to 31 December 2018. 

 

Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its stakeholders. As 

such, the key material EESG factors for the Group have been identified and cautiously reviewed by the 

management. The data and information provided have not been verified by an independent third party. 

We have relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy of data and information. 

The board of directors of the Group (the “Board”) oversees the management and monitoring of these 

factors and takes them into consideration in the determination of the Group’s strategic direction and 

policies. 

 

This report is focused on the Group’s steel trading business but we intend to expand our scope of this 

report to include the Group’s other businesses in the future. 

 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables us 

to improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and suggestions to report@jcg-

investment.com. 

 

28 May 2019 


4 

APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY 

 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT  

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and material 

aspects relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken into 

account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, but are not limited to, 

customers, suppliers, employees, investors, and regulators. We adopt both formal and informal channels 

of communication to understand the needs of key stakeholders, and incorporate these into our corporate 

strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships. 

 

The following sets out our engagement platforms with our stakeholders: 

Key Stakeholders 

 

Engagement Platforms 

Frequency 

of 

Engagement 

 

Key Concerns Raised 

Employees 

Open dialogue 

Ongoing 

Fair remuneration, compensation 

and benefits  

Workplace safety 

 

Suppliers and 

service providers 

Face to face meetings  

Review and feedback sessions 

 

Annually 

Receipts of timely payments and 

quality of products 

Government and 

regulators 

 

Regular reports 

Regular courtesy visits to SGX 

As appropriate 

Regulatory compliance 

Investors / 

Shareholders 

Results announcements 

Annual report 

Annual general meeting  

Investor engagement roadshow 

 

Quarterly 

Annually 

Annually 

Quarterly 

Growth strategy and future plan 

Customers 

E-mail queries 

Face to face business 

transactional engagements 

Ongoing 

Receipts of timely payments and 

quality of products 

 

 

 

 

Plan and 

Scope

Engage 

Stakeholders

Assess 

Materiality

Collect Data

Report


5 

MATERIAL ASPECTS ASSESSMENT  

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant aspects. Relevant aspects are then 

prioritised as material factors which are then validated. The end result of this process is a list of material 

factors disclosed in the sustainability report. Inter-relations of which are as shown below: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

IDENTIFICATION 

PRIORITISATION

VALIDATION

REVIEW

Identification of the 

material factors that are 

of relevance to the 

Group’s activities 

Prioritization of the 

material factors and 

identifies key 

sustainability factors to 

be reported upon 

Validation of the 

completeness of key 

sustainability factors 

identified to finalize the 

sustainability report 

content 

Review focuses on the 

material factors in 

previous reporting 

period and also 

considers stakeholder’s 

feedback, changing 

business landscape and 

emerging trends 


6 

We conducted a materiality assessment internally during the year. Going forward, materiality review will 

be conducted every year, incorporating inputs from the stakeholder engagements. 

 

To determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, environment and 

society and the influence on the stakeholders.  Senior management took part along with our consultant. 

Aspects were identified and prioritised through internal workshops, peer reviews and social impact 

assessments at site level. Applying the guidance from GRI, we have identified the following material 

aspects: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Economic 

 

Economic performance 

 

Anti-corruption 

 

Social 

 

Diversity and equal 

opportunity 

 

Training and Education 

Environmental  

 

Supplier environmental 

assessment 

 

 

Governance 

 

Corporate Governance 

 

Risk management 










7 

ECONOMIC 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

JCG firmly believes that focus on financial sustainability is critical and we are fully committed to the highest 

standards of corporate governance. The company’s basic principle is that long-term profitability and 

shareholder value is ensured by taking into account the interests of stakeholders, such as shareholders, 

employees, suppliers and society as a whole.  

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our Annual Report 2018: 

• 

Operating and Financial Review, pages 3 to 4 

• 

Financial Statements, pages 43 to 125. 

 

JCG was incorporated in 2005 and its main business activity was to provide management services for 

operation of clinics and research and development in the field of aesthetics medicine and plastic surgery.  

The Company continues to operate the steel trading business that has been in existence since 

incorporation. The Directors and the management of the Company have embarked on a strategic review 

of the Group’s existing businesses to determine the feasibility of growing and expanding these businesses, 

as well as to consider the feasibility of adding business consultancy, real estate related services, 

investment management and advisory services, subject to compliance with licensing and other regulatory 

requirements. 

 

As part of the strategic review following the recent corporate exercises, the Company has entered into a 

sale and purchase agreement with Brand X Lab Pte. Ltd. on 11 March 2019 and has completed the 100% 

acquisition of Brand X Lab Pte Ltd on 15 April 2019. Brand X Lab is a private limited company incorporated 

in Singapore and it provides event organisation and promotion services as well as business and 

management consultancy services. The Company views the business of Brand X Lab as synergistic with 

and complementary to the Company's existing medical aesthetics and healthcare business and will 

similarly augment other businesses that the Company would be expanding into in future. This maiden 

acquisition is in line with our commitment to rebuild and nurse the Company back to sustained 

profitability as the additional commercial activities brought in through the acquisition would increase the 

revenue and income of the Group as a whole.  


8 

 

The Group has entered into sale and purchase agreements (the “Agreements”) with the shareholders of 

a group of companies constituting the Beverly Wilshire Medical Centre Group on 16 May 2019 to acquire 

51% of the issued and paid up ordinary shares in the capital of such companies (the “Target Entities” and 

collectively, the “Target Group”). Beverly Wilshire Medical Centre Group is constituted by a group of 

Malaysia-incorporated companies specialising in medical aesthetic treatments, healthy ageing wellness 

and regenerative therapies, cosmetic surgery, dental aesthetics and hair restoration. It is a multi-award-

winning integrated beauty care and medical aesthetics group established in 2012. Beverly Wilshire Group 

manages and operates two (2) fully-licensed Malaysia Ministry of Health medical centres and two (2) 

licenced clinics. The Target recently incorporated the Beverly Wilshire Medical Academy and Research 

Centre (BWARC) with a focus on medical research and anti-aging therapy.  The Proposed Acquisition will 

allow the Group to expand its medical aesthetics line into the Malaysian markets where it currently does 

not have a presence in, and is expected to provide the Group with new revenue streams to strengthen its 

financial performance and improve profitability. The Group will be able to tap on the established medical 

aesthetics branding of the Target Entities to build on the Group’s current business, as well as expand its 

business into Malaysia and China by leveraging on the significant marketing and business network of the 

Group. In addition, the demand for high-end medical services and medical aesthetics in general is 

expected to continue to grow with the increasing affluence in Malaysia and the South East Asia region. 

The combination of the Group and the Target Entities will bring together an established medical aesthetic 

brand and an enterprising group with significant marketing and business network that will allow the Group 

to expand beyond the shores of Singapore and Malaysia. 

 

The Group is currently inclined to retain and expand the steel trading business and management will 

continue to explore options with other principals for the steel trading business. 

 

For our existing and new businesses, we will: 

• 

comply with all local and national legislation in each country of operation,  

• 

continuously improve our contributions to social, environmental and economic factors,  

• 

analyze risks, formulate objectives and to have adequate processes to manage, monitor and 

control risks,  

• 

encourage and promote diversity in our organizations, and  

• 

have an active dialog with all our stakeholders. 


9 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

JCG does not tolerate corruption in any form, such as extortion and bribery. This has been made clear to 

our employees, our suppliers and our business partners. There have also been no reported incidents of 

corruption during the reporting period.  

 

WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY  

Our whistle blowing policy provides a mechanism for employees and external parties to report concerns 

over alleged wrongful acts. There were no whistleblowing cases in 2018. We aim to have no instance of 

whistleblowing cases throughout the year. 


10 

ENVIRONMENT  

 

JCG’s direct environmental impact is limited as we do not have any manufacturing operations, but we will 

always strive to avoid unnecessary impact on the environment and to further reduce environmental 

impact. 

 

The Group sources and buys end products from companies which are environmentally friendly. If there 

are any new product launches, we will perform rigorous checks on the upstream suppliers to ensure that 

they meet our requirements and they are aligned to our Group’s environmental objectives.  

 

SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT 

JCG will continue to reduce its environmental impact and to encourage its stakeholders, such as suppliers 

and trading partners, to meet the same expectations. The Group also performs periodic supplier 

assessment on their vendors to check that they are providing high quality and green products. Currently, 

the main supplier of the steel trading business is a Germany based Technology Company that is a market 

leader since the 1950s in the field of measurement technology in molten metals. The company is ISO9001 

and ISO14001 certified. The products do not possess any materials which may qualify them as hazardous 

waste and no environmental hazards have been reported or known to exist.  

 

We will ensure that all our suppliers will be periodically assessed to ensure that they are providing high 

quality and green products.  

 


11 

SOCIAL 

 

DIVERSITY AND FAIR EMPLOYMENT 

We embrace diversity, and at the same time expect employees to be aligned with group’s vision and 

strategic initiatives. In FY2018, the age of our staff ranged from 30s to 60s. The ratio of male to female 

staff was almost 1:1. Our staff consists of people coming from different nationalities and academic 

qualification and we strive for fair treatment of all our staff members.  

 

 

 

We are committed to providing competitive remuneration and benefits to our employees. We are also 

committed to safeguarding our employees’ health and safety against any potential workplace hazards. 

There were no work place incidents for FY2018. We target to have zero incident of discrimination.  

 

56%

44%

Gender

Male

Female

56%

44%

Nationality

Singaporean

Malaysian

89%

11%

Age

30 to 50 years old

&gt; 50 years old

11%

45%

22%

22%

Qualification

O Level

Diploma

Degree

Master


12 

CODE OF CONDUCT 

The Group sets out the expected code of conduct in its employee handbook. JCG ensures compliance with 

labor and employment laws, including working hours and stipulated annual, medical, compassionate and 

child care leave. Furthermore, the Group does not discriminate against anyone because of age, gender, 

national origin, disability, religion, sexual orientation, marital or maternity status, union membership or 

political opinion, among others. Non-compliance in relation to discrimination must be reported to our 

CFO who is responsible for the HR function of the Group or through our whistleblowing system. 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

JCG understands that there is a continuous need to upgrade staff skills and knowledge. This is beneficial 

to the staff development and also to the Company. Thus, staff are encouraged to go for courses and 

seminars to upgrade themselves and improve their skills. We will monitor the trainings provided to our 

staff and will ensure that each employee will attend at least 1 training per year.   

 


13 

GOVERNANCE 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The Company adheres closely to the principles and guidelines of the Code of Corporate Governance 2012 

(the “Code”) and other applicable laws, rules and regulations, including the Listing Manual Section B: Rules 

of Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “Catalist Rules”). Please refer to the 

Annual report pages 8 to 30 on the details of the SGX Code of Corporate Governance. 

 

In our dealings with our customers, we have our employees to strictly uphold the Company’s policy on 

anti-corruption/bribery clauses. We may also ask our suppliers through a supplier questionnaire on 

whether they have anti-corruption/bribery clause with their upstream suppliers. 

 

We will continue to comply with the Code of Corporate Governance and meet all requirements that are 

expected of us by our stakeholders. 

 

RISK MANAGEMENT 

Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) is an integral part of good corporate governance as well as resource 

management. A thorough and comprehensive ERM framework enables JCG to identify, communicate and 

manage its risks and exposures in an integrated, systematic and consistent manner. For detailed disclosure 

on ERM, please refer to our Annual Report, pages 23 to 24. 

 

We aim to review the ERM policies regularly to ensure all relevant risks are identified, communicated and 

addressed timely. 

 


14 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure  

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

JCG Investment Holdings Ltd 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

Page 2 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Annual Report (AR) page 121 

102-4 

Location of operations 

AR page 121 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

AR page 76 to 83 

102-6 

Markets served 

AR page 121 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Page 11 

102-8 

Information on employees and other 

workers 

Page 11 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Page 10 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation 

and its supply chain 

None 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

None 

102-12 

External initiatives 

None 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

None 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker  

Page 3 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour 

Page 11 to 12 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Page 13 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Page 4 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Page 4 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Page 4 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Page 4 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

AR Page 76 to 83 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries 

Page 3 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Page 6 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

None 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None 

102-50 

Reporting period 

1 January to 31 December 

2018 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

17 May 2018 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the 

report 

Page 3 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

Page 3 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Page 14 to 15 

102-56 

External Assurance 

We may seek external 

assurance in the future.  

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

 


15 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure  

Reference / Description 

 

 

 

 

 

 

GRI 201: Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

Page 7 

205: Anti-corruption 

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures 

Page 9 

GRI 308: Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment 

308-1 

New suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria 

Page 10 

GRI 404: Training and 

Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per 

employee 

Page 12 

GRI 405: Diversity and 

equal opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees 

Page 11 

 

 

