
1 

 




 

 

 



CONTENTS



 

 

ORGANIZATIONAL PROFILE..........................................................................................................1 

BOARD’S STATEMENT ..................................................................................................................2 

APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY ..................................................................................................4 

ECONOMIC ....................................................................................................................................7 

ENVIRONMENT .............................................................................................................................9 

SOCIAL .........................................................................................................................................11 

GOVERNANCE .............................................................................................................................15 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX .............................................................................................16 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This document has been reviewed by the Company's sponsor, Stamford Corporate Services Pte. Ltd. (“the 

Sponsor”). It has not been examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(the “SGX-ST”) and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this document, including the 

correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this document. 

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms Vanessa Ng (Telephone: +65 6389 3065 and Email: 

vanessa.ng@morganlewis.com). 

 


 

 

1 

ORGANIZATIONAL PROFILE 

 

JCG Investment Holdings Ltd. is an investment holding company listed on the Catalist Board of the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX”) in April 2006. The Group is primarily focused on 

the core business of medical aesthetics and healthcare.  

 

2019 was a significant year for the Group. In November 2019, the Group had successfully completed the 

acquisition of a 51% stake in Beverly Wilshire Medical Centre Group of Companies (“BW”), a well-known 

brand in Malaysia with multi award-winning integrated beauty and wellness medical centres, specialising 

in aesthetic medicine, plastic surgery, dental aesthetics, hair restoration and a range of healthy aging and 

wellness services. BW operates two Malaysia Ministry of Health (“MOH”) licensed medical centres, one of 

which is a non-ambulatory medical centre in Kuala Lumpur (“KL”) and an ambulatory medical centre in 

Johor Bahru (“JB”). In addition, BW operates a specialist (Pakar) dental clinic in KL and an aesthetic clinic 

in 3 Damansara (Petaling Jaya).  

 

BW has also entered into a joint venture (“JV”) in KL, Natasha@Beverly, with a well-known Indonesian 

skincare brand, Natasha Skin Care Group (“Natasha”). Natasha specializes in aesthetic skin care and has 

more than 150 outlets throughout Indonesia. BW will benefit from Natasha's referrals from Indonesia to 

do plastics surgery and healthy aging procedures in either of BW’s medical centres in KL and JB. This JV 

with Natasha is extremely exciting as it enables both BW and Natasha to tap on each other’s established 

network and respective strengths to enhance synergy for mutual benefit.  

 

The acquisition of BW group of companies by JCG is in line with the Group’s focus on the core business of 

medical aesthetics and healthcare and its strategy to become a recognized regional player and household 

name in the near future. Singapore is a well-known and world-renowned medical hub and the medical 

aesthetics and wellness industry is one filled with opportunities for the Group. By leveraging on its status 

as a listed SGX company and expanding the BW brand and business into Singapore and regionally, this will 

provide the Group with an excellent platform at this opportune time to launch the BW brand and the 

Group to be a leading regional player in ASEAN and Australia. 

 

 


 

 

2 

BOARD’S STATEMENT 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

We are pleased to present the annual Sustainability Report of JCG Investment Holdings Ltd. (“JCG” or the 

“Company” and, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) for our financial year ended 31 December 

2019 (“FY2019”).  

 

For our FY2019 report, the board of directors of the Group (the “Board”) conducted a thorough review of 

our Group’s business and determined that the medical aesthetics and wellness industry is a sunrise 

business on the ascent, and one which typically commands an attractive Price-Earnings (“PE”) multiple on 

SGX and other international bourses. We shall commit and focus our resources to cement and expand the 

healthcare business as our core business. 

 

Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its stakeholders. As 

such, the key material economic, environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) factors for the Group 

have been identified and judiciously reviewed by the management. The data and information provided 

have not been verified by an independent third party. We have relied on internal data monitoring and 

verification to ensure accuracy of data and information. The Board oversees the management and 

monitoring of these factors and takes them into consideration in the determination of the Group’s 

strategic direction and policies.  

 

REPORTING FRAMEWORK, PERIOD AND SCOPE 

This report is prepared in compliance with the requirements of Rules 711A and 711B of the SGX Listing 

Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist Rules”), and references the phased approach as described 

in Practice Note 7F: Sustainability Reporting Guide of the Catalist Rules and the Global Reporting Initiative 

(“GRI”) Standards: Core option as issued by the Global Sustainability Standards Board. We have chosen 

GRI as the sustainability reporting framework as it is internationally recognised and is widely adopted, 

enabling us to achieve a comprehensive and comparable disclosure of environmental, social and 

governance performance. This report highlights the EESG related initiatives carried throughout a 12-

month period, from 1 January to 31 December 2019 (“FY2019”). 

 


 

 

3 

The Company’s sustainability report summarises the expectations of various stakeholders, the general 

business environment that the Group is operating in and what the Group has done in order to ensure the 

sustainability of the Group over the years. 

 

The information disclosed in this Sustainability Report, read together with the information in the annual 

report for FY2019 (“Annual Report 2019”), will provide the reader with a holistic view of the operations 

of our Group. We will strive to maintain and/or improve the standards of the various EESG factors 

reported where appropriate and practicable, in accordance with the business activities of the Group in 

the future. 

 

FEEDBACK 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables us 

to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and suggestions to 

report@jcg-investment.com. 

 

ACCESS 

No hard copies of this Sustainability Report have been printed as part of our efforts to promote 

environmental conservation. You may visit SGXNET or our Company website for our Sustainability Report. 

 

 

On behalf of the Board 

 

Dato’ Ng Tian Sang @ Ng Kek Chuan 

Non-Executive Chairman 

 

 

21 May 2020 

 


 

 

4 

APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

OUR SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY   

   STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT  

An important starting point in our sustainability 

journey is to identify our stakeholders and material 

aspects relevant to our business. The interests and 

requirements of key stakeholders are also taken into 

account when formulating corporate strategies. These 

key stakeholders include, but are not limited to, 

customers, suppliers, employees, investors, and 

regulators. We adopt both formal and informal 

channels of communication to understand the needs of 

key stakeholders, and incorporate these into our 

corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial 

relationships. 

 

The following sets out our engagement platforms with our stakeholders: 

Key Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Key Concerns Raised 

Employees 

Open dialogue 

Ongoing 

Fair remuneration, compensation 

and benefits  

Workplace safety 

 

Suppliers and 

service providers 

Background review and assessment 

Face to face meetings  

Discuss terms and conditions to 

meet the same expectations 

 

Ongoing 

Receipt of timely payments   

Quality of products 

Government and 

regulators 

 

Regular reports 

Regular courtesy visits to SGX 

Medical licencing and compliance 

 

As appropriate 

Regulatory compliance 

Timeliness of reporting 

Investors / 

Shareholders 

Results announcements 

Annual report 

Annual general meeting  

Shareholder engagement  

 

Quarterly 

Annually 

Annually 

As appropriate 

Growth strategy and future plan 

Customers 

Social media 

E-mail queries 

Face to face business transactional 

engagements 

 

Ongoing 

Receipt of timely payments 

Quality of products and services 

Customer satisfaction 

 

Plan and 

Scope

Engage 

Stakeholders

Assess 

Materiality

Collect 

Data

Report


 

 

5 

 

MATERIAL ASPECTS ASSESSMENT  

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant factors. Relevant factors are then 

prioritised to identify material factors which are validated internally. The end result of this process is a list 

of material factors disclosed in the Sustainability Report. A brief description of our sustainability process 

is shown below: 

 

 

 

We engaged our employees from various departments to seek our internal stakeholders’ feedback on the 

prioritisation of these topics. A materiality review is conducted annually, incorporating inputs gathered 

from stakeholders’ engagements. 

 

IDENTIFICATION 

PRIORITISATION

VALIDATION

REVIEW

Identification of the 

material factors that are 

of relevance to the 

Group’s activities 

Prioritization of the 

material factors and 

identifies key 

sustainability factors be 

reported upon 

Validation of the 

completeness of key 

sustainability factors 

identified to finalize the 

sustainability report 

Review focuses on the 

material factors in 

previous reporting 

period and also 

considers stakeholder’s 

feedback, changing 

business landscape and 

emerging trends 


 

 

6 

In order to determine if a factor is material, we assess its potential impact on the economy, environment, 

society and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying guidance from GRI, we have identified the 

following as our material factors:  

 

 

 



ECONOMIC 

 

Economic Performance 

Anti-Corruption 

 

 



GOVERNANCE 

 

Corporate Governance 

Risk Management 



SOCIAL  

 

Diversity and Fair Employment 

Training and Education 

 



        ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

      Supplier Environmental Assessment 










 

 

7 

ECONOMIC 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

JCG firmly believes that focus on financial sustainability is critical and we are fully committed to the highest 

standards of corporate governance. The company’s basic principle is that long-term profitability and 

shareholder value is ensured by taking into account the interests of stakeholders, such as shareholders, 

employees, suppliers and society as a whole.  

 

The Group’s year-on-year revenue increased 92% from S$1.658 million to S$3.179 million. This is achieved 

with only 2 months of revenue contribution from the newly acquired Beverly Wilshire Medical Centre 

Group in Malaysia. The medical aesthetic segment recorded a revenue of S$1.562 million for FY2019, an 

increase of 378% as compared to the revenue of S$0.327 million for FY2018. The increase is mainly due 

to Beverly Wilshire Medical Centre Group which generated revenue of S$1.319 million for the Group. The 

event organisation and management consultancy segment, which is a new revenue segment contributed 

by Brand X Lab Pte. Ltd., generated revenue of S$1.201 million in FY2019. The Group’s revenue from its 

trading and distribution business for FY2019 was S$0.416 million, a decrease of 69% or S$0.915 million as 

compared to the revenue of S$1.331 million for FY2018. 

 

Gross profit for FY2019 increased by 40% or S$0.342 million from S$0.850 million in FY2018 to S$1.192 

million in FY2019. The increase was mainly due to the new revenue segment, event organisation and 

management consultancy business, which generated gross profit margin of S$0.386 million in FY2019 and 

the newly acquired Beverly Wilshire Medical Centre Group in Malaysia which generated gross profit 

margin of S$0.577 million and was offset by decrease in trading and distribution segment in which the 

gross profit margin has decreased by S$0.511 million. 

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our Annual Report 2019: 

• 

Operating and Financial Review, pages 3 to 5; 

• 

Financial Statements, pages 47 to 133. 

 


 

 

8 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

JCG does not tolerate corruption in any form, such as extortion and bribery. This has been made clear to 

our employees, our suppliers and our business partners. We have achieved our target of zero incidents of 

corruption during FY2019. We also target to maintain zero incidents of corruption in the financial year 

ending 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”). 

 

WHISTLE BLOWING POLICY  

Our whistle blowing policy provides a mechanism for employees and external parties to report concerns 

over alleged wrongful acts. There were no whistleblowing cases in FY2019 (FY2018: Nil) and we have 

attained our target. We aim to have no instance of whistleblowing cases throughout the year. 


 

 

9 

ENVIRONMENT  

 

JCG’s direct environmental impact is limited as we do not have any manufacturing operations.  

Nevertheless, we will always strive to avoid unnecessary impact on the environment and to further reduce 

any environmental impact, whenever possible. 

 

The Group sources and buys end products from companies which are environmentally friendly. If there 

any new product launches, we will perform rigorous checks on the upstream suppliers to ensure that they 

meet our requirements and they are aligned to our Group’s environmental objectives.  

 

SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT 

JCG will continue to reduce its environmental impact and to encourage its stakeholders, such as suppliers 

and trading partners, to meet the same expectations. The Group also performs periodic supplier 

assessment on their vendors to check that they are providing high quality and green products.  

 

For our medical aesthetics business, the Group performs evaluation on the suppliers considering 

background review and assessment, face-to-face meetings and discussion of terms and conditions to meet 

the same expectations. Our evaluation in FY2019 comprised:  

1) Evaluating potential medical device suppliers, getting them to implement effective controls;  

2) Selecting the most suitable suppliers with high delivery performance and quality products; 

3) Having reliable partners and comprehensive portfolio of services along the value chain; and 

4) Ensuring that all products were registered with Kementerian Kesihatan Malaysia (Ministry of Health, 

Malaysia).  

 

The top three suppliers for medical products to the Group in FY2019 were: 

No. 

Supplier’s name 

Materials supplied 

Supplier’s Assessment 

1 

DKSH Holdings 

(Malaysia) Bhd. 

(“DKSH”) 

Material for aesthetic 

products such as botox, filler 

and medication 

Sustainability Report FY2018 - There are 

no incidents of non-compliance with 

environmental laws and regulations 

were noted in FY2018 for DKSH. 

2 

Allergan Malaysia 

Material for aesthetic 

Corporate Responsibility Report FY2018 


 

 

10 

Sdn. Bhd. 

(“Allergan”) 

products such as botox and 

filler 

- Allergan achieved a 43% reduction in 

hazardous waste generation in FY2018. 

Several of Allergan’s locations have 

established green teams to identify and 

implement waste reduction 

opportunities. 

3 

Zuellig Pharma 

(“ZP”) 

Products such as medication 

and consumable items 

Sustainability vision - ZP is building a 

healthier future for Asia with clients and 

customers. 

 

Top supplier for metal products of the Group in FY2019 was: 

No. 

Supplier’s name 

Materials supplied 

Supplier’s Assessment 

1 

Wogen 

Resources 

Ltd. (“WRL”) 

Nitrogen Vanadium 

Corporate Responsibility - WRL will strive 

to use resources efficiently, minimise 

harmful emissions and ensure a positive 

effect on communities. 

 

We have achieved our target to include environmental assessment in our supplier evaluation. This shall 

be our business practice for FY2020 as we want to work with the right partners who are environmentally 

conscious and will journey with us towards a sustainable long-term business. 

 


 

 

11 

SOCIAL 

 

DIVERSITY AND FAIR EMPLOYMENT 

We embrace diversity, and at the same time expect all officers and employees to be aligned with the 

Group’s vision and strategic initiatives. The age of our employees ranged from 30s to 60s in FY2019. The 

ratio of male to female employees in FY2019 was almost 2:5 (FY2018: 1:1).  

 

The total number of employees in the Group was 128 in FY2019 (FY2018: 9). The increase in the number 

of employees was mainly due to the following acquisitions in FY2019:  

1) On 15 April 2019, the Group completed the acquisition of Brand X Lab Pte. Ltd., a private limited 

company incorporated in Singapore which provides event organisation and promotion services as well 

as business and management consultancy services; and 

2) On 7 November 2019, the Company completed the acquisition of 51% of the total issued share capital 

in Beverly Wilshire Medical Centre Group which is incorporated in Malaysia (“BW”). BW is a well-

known brand in Malaysia with multi award-winning integrated beauty and wellness medical centres, 

specialising in aesthetic medicine, plastic surgery, dental aesthetics, hair restoration and a range of 

healthy aging and wellness services.  

 

Our hiring is based on manpower requests and all hiring requires our Chairman/CEO’s approval. Our 

remuneration package is competitive within the healthcare industry. Our employees consist of people 

coming from different nationalities and academic qualification and we strive for fair treatment of all our 

employees.  

 

29%

71%

Gender Breakdown FY2019

Male

Female

56%

44%

Gender Breakdown FY2018

Male

Female


 

 

12 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

27%

61%

12%

Employee Age Distribution FY2019

&lt; 30 years old

30 to 50 years

old

&gt; 50 years old

3%

15%

7%

46%

2%

24%

3%

Qualification Breakdown FY2019

Below O Level

O Level

Certificate

Diploma

Professional

Certificate

Degree

Master

56%

44%

Nationality Breakdown FY2018

Singaporean

Malaysian

89%

11%

Employee Age Distribution FY2018

30 to 50 years

old

&gt; 50 years old

11%

45%

22%

22%

Qualification Breakdown FY2018

O Level

Diploma

Degree

Master

8%

92%

Nationality Breakdown FY2019

Singaporean

Malaysian


 

 

13 

Throughout the year, the Group holds a range of activities to foster team building amongst our employees 

such as World Nurse Day, festival celebrations and birthday celebrations. In addition, we maintain staff 

interaction via social media such as group chats such that all staff members are constantly engaged and 

kept abreast of happenings within the Group. 

 

We have achieved our target of nil discrimination in FY2019. In FY2020, we look forward and are 

committed to providing competitive remuneration and benefits to our employees. We are also committed 

to safeguarding our employees’ health and safety against any potential workplace hazards. In addition, all 

hirings within the Group will be based on related skills, experiences and qualifications. There were no 

work place incidents in FY2019 (FY2018: Nil). We continue to strive for fair employment practices and zero 

workplace discrimination regardless of race, religion or gender. 

 

CODE OF CONDUCT 

The Group sets out the expected Code of Conduct in its Employee Handbook. JCG ensures compliance 

with labour and employment laws, including working hours and stipulated annual, medical, 

compassionate and child care leave. Furthermore, the Group does not discriminate against anyone 

because of, among others, age, gender, national origin, disability, religion, sexual orientation, marital or 

maternity status, union membership or political opinion. Non-compliance in relation to discrimination 

must be reported to our CFO who is responsible for the HR function of the Group or through our 

whistleblowing system. 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

JCG understands that there is a continuous need to upgrade staff skills and knowledge. This is beneficial 

to the staff development and also to the Company. Thus, staff are encouraged to go for courses and 

seminars to upgrade themselves and improve their skills. In FY2019, we achieved our target of having all 

our staff attending at least one training as part of our commitment to their growth in the Company. The 

trainings attended by the staffs include: 

1) Sales training (in-house);  

2) Accounting training with accounting system (in-house); 

3) Accounting seminar; 

4) Nursing training (in-house and external); 

5) Aesthetician training (in-house); and  


 

 

14 

6) Continuous medical education for doctors (workshop).  

 

We will monitor the trainings provided to our staff and will ensure that each employee will attend at least 

one training per year,  in particular 20 Continuing Professional Development (“CPD”) points are required 

each year for Doctors to renew their Annual Practicing Certificate (“APC”) and 25 CPD points are required 

each year for Nurses to renew their APC.  

 

In addition to mandatory continuous medical and technical training as required for the medical staff, we 

are committed to providing continuous support to upgrade the skills and knowledge of our staff in the 

area of customer service, sales and management. We will seek and identify relevant courses and seminars 

for our staff to attend and participate in.  

 

 


 

 

15 

GOVERNANCE 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The Company adheres closely to the principles and guidelines of the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 

(the “Code”) and other applicable laws, rules and regulations, including the Catalist Rules. Please refer to 

the Annual report pages 9 to 32 on the details of the Code and our report on the Group’s adherence to 

the Code.  

 

In our dealings with our customers and suppliers, our employees are to strictly uphold the Company’s 

policy on anti-corruption/bribery and we may also ask our suppliers through a supplier questionnaire on 

whether they have anti-corruption/bribery policies with their upstream suppliers. 

 

Similar to the past years, we will continue to institute as a business practise compliance with the Code  to 

meet all the good governance requirements that are expected of us by all our stakeholders. 

 

RISK MANAGEMENT 

Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) is an integral part of good corporate governance as well as resource 

management. A thorough and comprehensive ERM framework enables JCG to identify, communicate and 

manage its risks and exposures in an integrated, systematic and consistent manner. For detailed disclosure 

on ERM, please refer to our Annual Report, pages 24 to 25. 

 

We aim to review the ERM policies regularly to ensure all relevant risks are identified, communicated, 

managed and addressed timely. 

 


 

 

16 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure  

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

JCG Investment Holdings Ltd. 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

Sustainability Report 2019 

(“SR”) page 1  

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Annual Report (“AR”) 

Corporate Information 

102-4 

Location of operations 

SR page 1 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

AR page 53, 135, Corporate 

Information 

102-6 

Markets served 

SR page 1 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

SR pages 1, 11 to 13 

102-8 

Information on employees and other 

workers 

SR pages 11 to 13 

102-9 

Supply chain 

SR pages 1, 9 to 10 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation 

and its supply chain 

SR page 1, 11 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

None 

102-12 

External initiatives 

None 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

None 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker  

SR pages 2 to 3 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour 

SR page 15 

102-18 

Governance structure 

SR page 15 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR page 4 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR page 4 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR page 4 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR page 4 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

AR pages 83 to 86 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries 

SR pages 2 to 3 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR pages 5 to 6 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

None 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None 

102-50 

Reporting period 

SR page 2 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

28 May 2019 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the 

report 

SR page 3 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

SR pages 2 to 3 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR pages 16 to 17 

102-56 

External Assurance 

SR pages 2 

 


 

 

17 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure  

Reference / Description 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

SR page 7  

205: Anti-corruption 

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures 

SR page 8 

GRI 308: Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment 

308-1 

New suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria 

SR pages 9 to 10 

GRI 404: Training and 

Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per 

employee 

SR page 13 to 14 

GRI 405: Diversity and 

equal opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees 

SR pages 11 to 13 

 

