
 

 

1  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





This report has been reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, RHT Capital Pte. Ltd. (“Sponsor”), for compliance with the relevant 

rules of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”). The Sponsor has not independently verified the contents 

of this report. This report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the 

contents of this document, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this 

document. The details of the contact person for the Sponsor are as follows: 

Name 

: Mr Lay Shi Wei, Registered Professional             

Address 

: 9 Raffles Place, #29-01 Republic Plaza Tower 1, Singapore 048619 

Tel 

: (65) 6381 6966 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2019 


 

 

2  

 

MESSAGE FROM BOARD 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

 

JEP Holdings Limited believes that sustainability is integral 

to our business and is critical to achieving long-lasting value 

creation for all our stakeholders. We embarked on our 

sustainability journey to address material ESG issues to 

create a sustainable future with all our stakeholders. To 

manage stakeholder engagement, we have cultivated 

relationships through regular and systematically planned 

forms 

of 

dialogue 

as 

well 

as 

open 

channels 

of 

communication.  

We are proud on delivering top-notch manufacturing 

solutions evidently. From our customer satisfaction survey 

results, we have achieved an outstanding score of 85% 

customer satisfaction. These results stand as a testament 

to our skilled and professional workforce that exists within 

our organisation to produce manufacturing quality and 

high-precision 

components. 

To 

continue 

our 

stellar 

performance and deliver manufacturing solutions to our customers, we have also recognised the 

importance of attracting, developing and retaining a high-quality workforce.  

To strengthen and achieve results that go beyond, we place heavy emphasis on good corporate 

governance as the core belief of our business. The belief in good cooperate governance enables us 

to achieve our sustainability goals. We thus uphold this belief as it lays a solid foundation for the 

establishment of a sound organisation. Furthermore, operating in an ethical environment will 

safeguard the interests of all our stakeholders. Therefore, we strive to put in place a robust 

governance framework to maintain integrity, transparency, accountability, and discipline in all our 

business activities.  

In FY2019, the Management together with key stakeholders reviewed and assessed the materiality 

of Environment, Social and Governance (“ESG”) topics identified in FY2018. The management was 

satisfied with the achievement attained in FY2019 and there is no major changes in the Group 

business model and portfolio at the current fiscal year, the management are of the opinion to 

continue to focus on the four identified targets to strengthen sustainability performance. We will 

make efforts to improve the overall sustainability performance across our business portfolio, as well 

as improve upon our communications to all stakeholders. We aim to create a virtuous cycle that 

benefits both our business operations and future sustainability pursuits. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




 

 

3  

 

 

BACKGROUND OF JEP HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

ABOUT JEP HOLDINGS LIMITED 

JEP Holdings Limited (the “Group” or “JEP”) is a public limited company listed on the Catalist Board of 

the Singapore Stock Exchange since 2004. JEP is Singapore's leading solution provider of precision 

machining and engineering services, with a primary focus on the aerospace industry.  

The Group’s subsidiaries are accredited with AS9100, ISO 45001, and NADCAP and has built a record of 

accomplishment as a reliable sub-contractor for aerospace components since beginning operations in 

1990. Its now part of the global supply chain for the world’s leading aircraft manufacturers.  

The Group’s customer base spans across Singapore, Malaysia, China, the United States of America, and 

the United Kingdom. This has allowed JEP to build and establish a strong value chain that provides 

seamless manufacturing solutions. The Group’s business operations not only spans across different 

regions globally but also provides complete turnkey services for aerospace, electronics, oil and gas, 

equipment manufacturing and machine tooling industries. The Group’s headquarters and significant 

location of operations is situated in Singapore. 

The Group also believes in providing precision manufacturing services that excel in quality and delivers 

unprecedented customer satisfaction whilst carrying out our operations in a manner that is both 

environmentally sustainable and socially responsible.  

Therefore, the Group follows strict procedures of identifying, selecting, qualifying and monitoring to 

assess the performance and capabilities of the vendors for raw materials supply, standard items, special 

process services and fixture as well as gauge fabrication. 

 

OUR PEOPLE 

 

 

 

 

 

*Total employee headcount in JEP is 279 (2018: 298) 

 

 

86%

14%

Number of Employees 

by Gender 

Male

Female

8% 6%

68%

18%

Number of Employees 

by Category

Managerial

Engineering

Production

Support

16%

65%

19%

Number of Employees 

by Age 

Below 30

30 to 50

Above 50


 

 

4  

 

LOCATION OF CUSTOMER BASE 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

JEP’S MISSION AND VISION 

JEP functions with a dynamic mission and strategic vision, which allows it to pave its way forward in the 

industry. With our highly experienced management team, we constantly strive to be the premium 

service provider for quality manufacturing solutions and seek to deliver every project with performance 

and precision. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 







Vision 



To be a leader in seamless 

manufacturing solution and be an 

integrated part of our customers’ 

success. 



Mission 



To be the foremost strategic 

partner to our customers who 

demand the highest standards in 

terms of efficiency and 

effectiveness. 


 

 

5  

 

EXTERNAL CHARTERS AND PRINCIPLES  

As an entity regulated by the Securities and Futures Act (Cap 289) (“SFA”), the Listing Manual of 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”) (the “Listing Manual”) and other 

regulations, the Board is committed to upholding good standards of corporate governance at JEP. 

The Board of Directors of JEP (the “Board”) is committed to upholding high standards of corporate 

governance practices throughout JEP that are in line with the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the 

“2018 Code”). The Board will also ensure that JEP complies with the other regulations, notices, 

circulars, and guidelines that may be released by Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) from time 

to time and should there be deviations, explanations will be provided.  

JEP’s leadership has combined more than 20 years of experience in manufacturing of front-end 

semiconductor components. With such experience, JEP’s leadership competently drives all operational 

matters of the Group. JEP’s leadership has directed the Group to hold membership in the Association of 

Aerospace Industries and Singapore Business Federation to develop strategic relationships within the 

industry to drive value creation for all stakeholders. 

 

AWARDS 

The Group has been in business since the 1980s. Over the years, JEP has accumulated a wealth of 

experience, expertise and an established record of accomplishment. Below is a list of some of the awards: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Awarded by Eaton Corporation

The Best Supplier in Aerospace  

Asia Pacific 2011



Awarded by Aker Solutions

Certificate of Accreditation 

2018



Awarded by Safran

Performance Excellence Award

2019




 

 

6  

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Sustainability is an integral aspect of the Group’s operations. We are committed to delivering quality 

precision manufacturing solutions to our customers. This is only possible through proper management 

of internal and external risks to mitigate possible disruptions to the Group’s operations. We have 

established an Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) manual and management framework to provide 

the architecture for managing risks within the Group.  

The Board manages potential risks in JEP through the review and approval of policies and procedures. 

The Management then ensures that the identified risk is relevant to the business environment as well 

as ensuring controls or mitigating factors are in place. The Audit Committee provides independent 

oversight of the effectiveness of the risk management process. 

 

RISK MANAGEMENT 

Currently, the risk management committee does not exist because the Board is responsible for managing 

risk within the Group. The Board ensures that a sound system of risk management and internal controls 

are present to safeguard shareholders’ interests and the assets of JEP. The Board also holds the authority 

to determine the nature and extent of the significant risks undertaken by JEP to achieve strategic 

business and objectives.  

The Management has engaged Virtus Assure Pte Ltd (“VA”), an internal auditor, to conduct a major 

review of the Group’s operations and business to assess risks within the Group. VA conducted the risk 

assessment exercise to highlight pertinent risks in all areas of the Group’s operations. The identified 

risks will form the basis of the Group’s risk management framework and the ERM manual. 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION AND WHISTLEBLOWING 

JEP is required to observe relevant local laws and regulations. In ensuring that all laws and regulations 

are complied with, the Management has implemented corporate policies and procedures to provide clear 

instructions for all staff to abide by. The Management ensures that all employees are aware of the latest 

developments in the law through training, seminars, and briefings conducted by professionals. 

The Board notes that the system of internal controls provides reasonable but not absolute assurance 

that the Group will not be affected by any event that could be reasonably foreseen.  

For continuous improvement of its systems, the ERM manual and risk management framework will 

undergo review by the Board when necessary. The ERM Framework will be reviewed and updated in the 

event of any change in regulations, country of operations, nature of the business or any events that 

could affect the Group’s operations. 

JEP has in place a whistleblowing policy that encourages employees to bring forward any actions that is 

opposed to the best interest of JEP, to the Chairman of the Audit Committee (“AC”) or the other 

members of the AC if the Chairman is not available. This is done to instil high standards of good business 

practices within JEP. 

 

 

 



For questions or feedback about this report, please contact: 



Financial Controller, Ong Han Poh 

Address : JEP Holdings Limited, 16 Seletar Aerospace Crescent Singapore 797567 

Tel. 

: (65) 6545 4222 

E-mail 

: hanpoh_ong@jep-holdings.com 


 

 

7  

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

This report is prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards: Core Option 

as it provides a set of an extensive framework that is widely accepted as a global standard for 

sustainability reporting. This report aims to disclose our Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) 

performance against the issues that are considered most material to our company’s stakeholders. This 

includes shareholders, suppliers*, customers*, regulators*, management and employees. The objective 

of preparing this report annually is to inform our stakeholders of the initiatives and strategies related to 

sustainability that we are currently embarking on. 

No external assurance has been sought for this report. However, we may seek external assurance for 

future sustainability reports as our reporting framework matures over time.  

 

REPORTING SCOPE AND BOUNDARIES 

The reporting period for the sustainability performance of our operations in Singapore is for the financial 

year 2019. All data and activities reported are with respect to the timeframe from 1 January 2019 to 31 

December 2019, unless stated otherwise. 

Since JEP’s operations primarily involve precision manufacturing, we refer to the activities and 

performance of the precision manufacturing facilities when discussing employee-related material issues. 

Environmental data disclosed within the sustainability report covers only Singapore-based operations. 

The content of this report is defined by the four reporting principles established by GRI G4 Guidelines: 

Stakeholder Inclusiveness, Sustainability Context, Materiality, and Completeness. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

* Proxies to external stakeholders were present during the stakeholder engagement and materiality assessment 

   workshop 




 

 

8  

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT &amp; MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

JEP Holdings Limited recognises that stakeholders play an important strategic role in maintaining the 

company’s long-term growth. In November 2017, we engaged our key stakeholders through a 

stakeholder engagement and materiality assessment workshop to gather their concerns about the 

sustainability of the business. These key stakeholders were identified based on their ability to influence 

our performance and provide effective solutions to incorporate sustainability into our operations. Their 

concerns raised were gathered to identify the material ESG. The ESG factors were then prioritised based 

on their impact on the business and how important stakeholders considered each aspect. 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

At JEP Group, we value all stakeholders and believe that uphold a strong bilateral relationships with 

stakeholders is a critical success factor for the Group sustainability. With routine engagements with 

stakeholders, we are able to identify each stakeholder key concerns and respond to their needs timely.  

 

Key 

Stakeholder 

Groups 

Key Interests 

Our Response 

Engagement 

Method 

Investors and 

Shareholders 

 Financial and operational 

performance 

 Good corporate 

governance 

 Transparency 

 Provide reliable and 

relevant information 

timely 

 Cultivate a culture of 

transparent and timely 

communication with our 

investor 

 

 Annual Report 

 Half-yearly 

announcement 

 Announcements 

and circulars 

Employees 

 Mentoring, training and 

skill development  

 Career prospect and equal 

opportunities 

 Working environment 

 To establish a safe 

workplace 

 Promote equality for 

career prospects and 

benefits 

 

 Annual Appraisal 

 Training and 

development 

program 

Customers 

 Supply chain sustainability 

 Product quality and 

conformity 

 Reliability of delivery 

schedules 

 Sustain our reputation as 

a reliable business partner 

to our customers 

 Meet and exceed 

customer expectations 

and demands 

 

 Customer 

satisfaction 

survey 

 Regular meeting 

and direct 

communication  

Community 

 Contribution to local 

communities 

 Environment impact  

 Sponsorship program to 

local institutions students 

 Internship program for 

undergraduates students 

 Environmental pollutions 

from business activities  

 Co-sponsorship 

program with 

local institutions 

 Memorandum of 

Understanding 

with local 

institutions for 

internship 

arrangement 

 Restrain any 

business activities 

to have potential 

harmful impacts 

to environment 

and lives 

 

 


 

 

9  

 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

The materiality assessment process was conducted based on a three-step approach to identify the 

material ESG and the diagram below describes the process. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The materiality assessment process concluded with JEP’s management identifying four ESG factors to 

be considered as top priorities in this sustainability report.  

 

MATERIAL ASPECTS IDENTIFIED 

List of Selected GRI Indicators 

SELECTED INDICATORS  

ASPECT BOUNDARY 

G4-EC1 Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Within organisation 

G4-EN3 Energy consumption within the organization 

Within organisation 

G4-LA6 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost 

days and absenteeism and number of work related fatalities, by 

region and gender 

Within organisation 

G4-PR5 Results of surveys measuring customer satisfaction 

Within organisation 

 

 



Identification 



Identification of ESG factors was performed by distributing the 

survey forms to the respective stakeholders to gather inputs 

and concerns with regards to these factors 



Prioritisation 



Prioritisation of ESG factors was performed during the Stakeholder 

Engagement and Materiality Assessment Workshop (“Workshop”). 

During the Workshop, we reviewed the ESG factors raised by 

respective 

stakeholders 

by 

evaluating 

the 

importance 

of 

information for reflecting significant economic, environment, 

and/or social impacts, as well as for stakeholders’ decision making. 



Validation 



Validation of ESG factors was performed by the management of JEP 

Holdings Limited to review and endorse the results consolidated from 

the Workshop. 


 

 

10  

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

JEP has policies that protect its stakeholders’ interest and enhances its shareholders’ value. We 

continuously invest in new capabilities to capture market share and facilitate growth.  

In 2019, with relentless support and hard work from team members, the group has restructured the 

business with proactive streamlining its operations and achieved a great results from the initiatives of  

embracing advanced manufacturing technologies and automation to incorporate the SMART Factory 

Concept into our business model 2 years ago. For the year ended 31 December 2019, we have achieved 

a revenue of S$89.0 million (2018: S$85.6 million). The Group aims to expand our product offering to 

existing and new first tier supplies and to achieve at least 5% growth on an economic value retained 

annually. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

For a detailed breakdown of its 2019 financial results, please refer to the JEP Holdings Limited Annual 

Report 2019. 

 

Perpetual Target 

Performance in FY2019 

 

5% growth on Economic Value Retained 

√ Achieved 

 

 

 

FY2019 

FY2018 

FY2017 

Economic Value Retained 

S$89.9m 

S$87.0m 

mil0 

S$87.7m 

S$76.4m 

S$77.1m 

S$82.2m 

S$13.5m 

S$9.9m 

S$5.5m 

Direct Economic Value Generated 

Economic Value Distributed 


 

 

11  

 

ENERGY CONSUMPTION 

Here at JEP, we utilise a wide variety of precision engineering instruments and machinery to deliver the 

best quality that a precision engineering manufacturer can offer. These instruments and machinery 

contribute to the majority of our energy consumption. We recognise the importance of properly 

managing and regulating our energy consumption so as to keep our operational costs low and help 

reduce the impact on the environment. To keep track of the energy consumption, we have a monitoring 

system in place and a maintenance team of trained individuals. 

 

In addition, we have an automated electrical supply regulation system that switches off unnecessary 

appliances and air-conditioning during lunch hours and after office hours. This system enables further 

reduce the energy consumption within our organisation.    

 

The monitoring of our energy consumption is reviewed daily by our maintenance team. At end of each 

month, the team will analyse the monthly energy consumption. Energy surges that were identified 

within different operational areas will be investigated for possible faults in the instruments 

and machinery. If necessary, repairs will be carried out should faults be discovered. With these practices 

established, we aim to improve efficiency in our energy usage to lower our consumption. 

 

In 2019, the total energy consumption accounted to 7,910,092 kWh (2018: 8,741,195 kWh). The 

method used to calculate energy consumption is based on the compiled electricity bill taken for the 

reporting year. In future, we aim to achieve 5% improvement on either electricity consumption or   

kWh/revenue.  

 

 

Perpetual Target 

Performance in FY2019 

 

5% improvement on either electricity consumption 

√ Achieved 

 

 



































Energy Consumption (kWh)


 

 

12  

 

CARING FOR OUR PEOPLE 

We believe that building people within the organisation is crucial to building our business. At JEP, we 

consider people as the backbone holding up our business and strive to ensure that our employees are 

always taken care of.  

The overall responsibility of planning and conduct of Occupational Health and Safety (“OHS”) in JEP lies 

with the top management and Worksite Safety Management (“WSM”) committee, which comprises of 

representatives from all departments.  

We have established an OHS policy that has been developed to safeguard our employees. The policy 

has provided JEP a systematic way of reporting any incidents of injury or accident in our properties. At 

the same time, we advocate our corporate safety culture through multiple communications channels to 

all our employees. This includes compulsory training and courses, which include: 

 

 

 

 

 

In the event of incidents, we have on-site response plan that gives the plant manager overall 

responsibility in the treatment and evacuation of any injured workers. The human resource department 

will be informed to follow up with documentation and handling of insurance claims. 

 

 

 

 

 

" Apply 

Workplace 

Safety &amp; 

Health in 

Metal Work"

" Basic 

Industrial 

Safety "

" 5S 

Housekeeping"

" Annual 

Occupational 

Health &amp; 

Safety Plan "


 

 

13  

 

In 2019, there were four injuries (2018: nine injuries) reported. Out of four reported incidents, one was 

considered moderate and the rest injuries sustained by our employees were of minor severity as their 

injuries ranged from minor cuts to laceration, whereas, for the moderate severity, due to negligence 

during cleaning a machine, the worker’s index finger was crushed and fractured with medical leave more 

than two weeks. At JEP, all injuries suffered by our employees regardless of the extent of injury are 

taken seriously. 

Following which, we take the necessary corrective action and issue notices to all employees to prevent 

future occurrences of such incidents. No fatalities and occupationally acquired disease were reported. A 

further breakdown of lost-days and absenteeism in hours is shown below. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

To continue the emphasis on managing workplace health and safety in our business, we educate our 

employees on the importance of OHS to their respective roles. We aim to achieve an excellent OHS 

culture within our Group to achieve zero reportable (lost-time) incidents. 

 

Perpetual Target 

Performance in FY2019 

 

Zero case of work-related fatalities 

√ Achieved 

 

Zero case of occupational diseases  

√ Achieved 

 

 

FY2019 

FY2018 

FY2017 

Occupational Diseases Rate 

 [per 100,000 employed persons] 

 

Injury Rate 

 [per 100,000 employed persons] 

Absentee Rate 

 [per total man-hours in a year] 

 

Lost Day Rate 

 [per 200,000 working hours] 

 

zero 

zero 

zero 

1,434 

2,406 

1,069 

0.05 

0.07 

0.02 

11.9 

 

16.7 

 

5.8 

 


 

 

14  

 

 

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION  

As a manufacturing solutions provider, we are dedicated to designing and creating high-quality 

components for our customers. We are totally committed to meeting customer, statutory and regulatory 

requirements at all times and our quality management system will be continually improved to enhance 

customer satisfaction. Furthermore, we take a proactive approach to satisfy the needs of our customers, 

thereby providing top quality service and solutions that fit our customers’ requirements. 

To improve our service and experience to our customers, we utilise a certain approach to gather valuable 

feedback. The approach that we use includes: 

 

 

 

 

 

With this approach, we were better prepared to serve the needs of our customers. We have achieved 

an average of 85% (FY2018: 83%) customers satisfaction level at all stages of services to our 

customers. In future, we aim to achieve 100% customer satisfaction. 

 

Perpetual Target 

Performance in FY2019 

 

100% customer satisfaction 

Not achieved but 2% 

improved compared to 

FY2018 

 

 

Customer 

Survey

Constructive 

Feedback 

Questionnaires

Prompt 

Response 

Channel

Cost-Down 

Initiatives

QUALITY POLICY

• We are totally committed to meeting customer, 

statutory and regulatory requirements at all times.

• Our quality management system will be continually 

improved to enhance customer satisfaction.


 

 

15  

 

CARING FOR OUR COMMUNITY  

We recognise the need to give back to the community and play a pivotal role in ensuring that talents in 

the field of Aerospace have the necessary support to further their pursuits and soar to greater heights. 

We have thus actively sponsored events that benefit the underprivileged as well as young talents who 

are pursuing their studies in the field of Aerospace. 

 

Internship Programme with Local Institutions 

JEP has entered Memorandum of Understanding with local institutions to provide the Institutions’ 

students with relevant and meaningful workplace experience and enhance their learning and acquisition 

of knowledge and skills. 

 

Co-Funding of Scholarship to Nanyang Polytechnic Students 

JEP believes in supporting government initiatives and it does so by grooming future talent in precision 

engineering. JEP has co-funded scholarship awards under the National Precision Engineering Scholarship 

Programme at Nanyang Polytechnic. From this sponsorship, seven talented individuals benefitted and 

moved on to greater pursuits in life. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

16  

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI G4 Guidelines 

Disclosure 

Page Number(s) 

and/or URL 

Omission 

General Standard Disclosures:  

Strategy &amp; Analysis 

G4-1: Statement from the 

most senior decision maker 

of the organisation 

Board Statement 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Organisational Profile 

G4-3: Name of the 

organisation 

About JEP Holdings 

Limited 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Organisational Profile 

G4-4: Primary brands, 

products and services 

About JEP Holdings 

Limited 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Organisational Profile 

G4-5: Location of 

organisation’s headquarters 

About JEP Holdings 

Limited 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Organisational Profile 

G4-6: Number and names 

of countries where the 

organisation operates 

About JEP Holdings 

Limited 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Organisational Profile 

G4-7: Nature of ownership 

and legal form 

About JEP Holdings 

Limited 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Organisational Profile 

G4-8: Markets served 

Location of Our 

Customer Base 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Organisational Profile 

G4-9: Scale of organisation 

About JEP Holdings 

Limited 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Organisational Profile 

G4-10: Workforce 

About JEP Holdings 

Limited 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Organisational Profile 

G4-11: Percentage of 

employees covered by 

collective bargaining 

agreements 

Not applicable 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Organisational Profile 

G4-12: Organisation’s 

supply chain 

About JEP Holdings 

Limited 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Organisational Profile 

G4-13: Significant changes 

during the reporting period 

Not applicable 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Organisational Profile 

G4-14: How the 

precautionary approach is 

addressed 

Corporate Governance 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Organisational Profile 

G4-15: Charters, principles 

or other initiatives to which 

External Charters and 

Principles 

 


 

 

17  

 

GRI G4 Guidelines 

Disclosure 

Page Number(s) 

and/or URL 

Omission 

the organisation is 

subscribed to  

General Standard Disclosures: 

Organisational Profile 

G4-16: List of memberships 

or associations and 

national/international 

advocacy in which the 

organisation holds a 

position, participates, 

provides substantive 

funding or view membership 

as strategic 

External Charters and 

Principles 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Identified Material Aspects And 

Boundaries 

G4-17: Entities included in 

the organisation’s 

consolidated financial 

statements. Report whether 

any entity included in the 

organisation’s consolidated 

financial statements or 

equivalent documents is not 

covered by the Report 

Economic Performance 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Identified Material Aspects And 

Boundaries 

G4-18: Process for defining 

Report content and Aspect 

Boundaries, and how the 

organisation has 

implemented the Reporting 

Principles for Defining 

Report Content 

Reporting Scope and 

Boundaries 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Identified Material Aspects And 

Boundaries 

G4-19: List all Material 

Aspects identified in the 

process for defining Report 

content 

Material Aspects 

Identified 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Identified Material Aspects And 

Boundaries 

G4-20: For each Material 

Aspect, report the Aspect 

Boundary within the 

organisation 

Material Aspects 

Identified 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Identified Material Aspects And 

Boundaries 

G4-21: For each Material 

Aspect, report the Aspect 

Boundary outside the 

organisation 

Material Aspects 

Identified 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Identified Material Aspects And 

Boundaries 

G4-22: Restatements 

 

Not applicable 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Identified Material Aspects And 

Boundaries 

G4-23: Significant changes 

in Scope and Aspect 

Not applicable 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Stakeholder Engagement 

G4-24: List of stakeholder 

groups 

About this Report 

 


 

 

18  

 

GRI G4 Guidelines 

Disclosure 

Page Number(s) 

and/or URL 

Omission 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Stakeholder Engagement 

G4-25: Basis for 

identification and selection 

of stakeholders 

Stakeholder 

Engagement &amp; 

Materiality Assessment 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Stakeholder Engagement 

G4-26: Organisation’s 

approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

Stakeholder 

Engagement &amp; 

Materiality Assessment 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Stakeholder Engagement 

G4-27: Key topics raised 

through stakeholder 

engagement 

Stakeholder 

Engagement &amp; 

Materiality Assessment 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Report Profile 

G4-28: Report profile 

Reporting Scope and 

Boundaries 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Report Profile 

G4-29: Date of most recent 

previous report 

Sustainability Report 

2018  

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Report Profile 

G4-30: Reporting cycle 

Reporting Scope and 

Boundaries 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Report Profile 

G4-31: Contact point 

Contact Us 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Report Profile 

G4-32: GRI Content Index 

GRI Content Index 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Report Profile 

G4-33: External assurance 

Not applicable 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Governance 

G4-34: Governance 

structure and composition 

Corporate Governance 

 

General Standard Disclosures: 

Ethics and Integrity 

G4-56: Values, principles, 

standards, codes of conduct 

and ethics 

Risk Management 

Anti-Corruption and 

Whistleblowing 

 

Specific Standard Disclosures: 

Disclosure on Management 

Approach 

 

G4-DMA 

Economic Performance 

Energy Consumption 

Caring for our People 

Customer Satisfaction 

 

Specific Standard Disclosures: 

Category: Economic 

Sub-category: Economic 

Performance 

G4-EC1: Direct economic 

value generated and 

distributed 

Economic Performance 

 


 

 

19  

 

GRI G4 Guidelines 

Disclosure 

Page Number(s) 

and/or URL 

Omission 

Specific Standard Disclosures: 

Category: Environmental 

Sub-category: Energy 

G4-EN3: Energy 

consumption within the 

organisation 

Energy Consumption 

 

Specific Standard Disclosures: 

Category: Social 

Sub-category: Labour Practices 

and Decent Work 

G4-LA6: Type of injury and 

rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and total 

number of work-related 

fatalities, by region and by 

gender 

Caring for our People 

 

Specific Standard Disclosures: 

Category: Social 

Sub-category: Labour Practices 

and Decent Work 

G4-PR2: Total number of 

incidents of non-compliance 

with regulations and 

voluntary codes concerning 

the health and safety 

impacts of products and 

services during their life 

cycle, by type of outcomes  

Caring for our 

Customers 

 

 

 

 

