



















Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2018 

Jiutian Chemical Group Limited 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Table of Contents 

1. Highlights ......................................................................................................................................... 1 

1.1 Corporate profile ......................................................................................................................... 1 

1.2 Message to stakeholders ............................................................................................................ 2 

1.3 Scope of sustainability report ...................................................................................................... 3 

1.4 Restatements .............................................................................................................................. 3 

1.5 Sustainability contact .................................................................................................................. 3 

2. Our approach to sustainability ...................................................................................................... 4 

2.1 Sustainability organisational structure ........................................................................................ 4 

2.2 Sustainability strategy ................................................................................................................. 5 

2.3 Consulting our stakeholders........................................................................................................ 6 

2.4 Sustainability materiality .............................................................................................................. 7 

3. Our performance ............................................................................................................................. 8 

3.1 How we measure our performance ............................................................................................. 8 

3.2 Quality management ................................................................................................................... 9 

3.3 Production safety ...................................................................................................................... 12 

3.4 Environmental protection .......................................................................................................... 14 

3.4 Employee well-being ................................................................................................................. 18 

Appendix A: Sustainability scorecard ............................................................................................... 20 

Appendix B: GRI content index .......................................................................................................... 21 

 

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2018 

Jiutian Chemical Group Limited | 1 

 

 

 

 

 

1. Highlights 

1.1 Corporate profile 

Jiutian Chemical Group Limited (九天化工集团有限公司) (Jiutian or the ‘Company’), together with its 

subsidiaries (the ‘Group’), are engaged in the manufacture and production of dimethylformamide (DMF) and 

methylamine in the People’s Republic of China (PRC). We are also involved in the processing and sale of 

consumable carbon dioxide and oxygen. 

The business is divided into three main business divisions: 

 

DMF division producing DMF as its main product and methylamine as our secondary product; 

 

Sodium Hydrosulfite division producing Sodium Hydrosulfite; and 

 

Gas and Oxygen 18 division producing consumable carbon dioxide, Oxygen 18 and deuterium-

depleted water. 

We are located in Henan Province in the People’s Republic of China (PRC). Whilst economic development 

and industrialisation in the PRC began on the eastern and southern coast, this process has begun to spread 

rapidly inland, including to Henan and its surrounding regions, where cost of labour, land and raw materials 

are significantly lower. 

As a result, industrialisation and urbanisation are occurring at a rapid pace in these regions, and the 

consequent establishment of factories producing a wide range of consumer products is driving the demand for 

chemicals such as DMF and methylamine. Being the only significant DMF producer in the Henan Province 

(within 500km from the plant), we are well-positioned to take advantage of this trend. 

In addition, our location in the PRC’s Coal Belt allows us to enjoy a cost advantage over other PRC DMF 

producers due to our secure and low-cost access to the coal-based raw materials that are used in the 

manufacture of our products. Our production efficiency and cost-effective supply chain management strategy, 

which include direct piping-in of raw materials from our main supplier, has provided us a relative cost advantage 

against our competitors. 

Henan Province is also on the Beijing-Guangzhou railway and its capital Zhengzhou, has one of Asia’s largest 

railway stations and network. Zhengzhou has been developed into a logistics central station for cargo 

transportation. This will further reduce the transportation costs of our products. Our customer base in China 

consists of customers in Henan, the surrounding provinces adjacent to Henan, namely Hebei, Shaanxi, Shanxi, 

Hubei, Shandong, and Anhui, and provinces in the Yangtze Delta Region, namely, Jiangsu and Zhejiang. 

Some of our customers are manufacturers of downstream products that use methylamine and DMF, while others, 

especially those located further away in the Yangtze Delta Region, are trading intermediaries that distribute these 

chemicals to customers that use these chemicals in their manufacturing processes. With our second 

DMF/methylamine facility of 120,000 annual ton capacity completed in late 2007, we have emerged as one of the 

world’s largest manufacturers of DMF with a total annual capacity of 150,000 tons of DMF and methylamine. 

Jiutian was listed on the Mainboard of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (SGX-ST) on 4 May 

2006, and subsequently transferred to the Catalist Board of SGX-ST. 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2018 

Jiutian Chemical Group Limited | 2 

 

 

 

 

 

1.2 Message to stakeholders 

On behalf of the Board of Directors of Jiutian Chemical Group Limited, I am pleased to present 

the Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2018 (FY2018).  

As a leader in DMF and methylamine production in China, Jiutian is poised to take a leading role in the 

environmental, health and safety (EHS) aspects to ensure sustainability of our operations and fulfil our 

responsibility towards our stakeholders. 

In FY2018, we continue to engage in constructive dialogue with our stakeholders and focus on our four key 

pillars of Quality Management, Production Safety, Environmental Protection and Employee Well-being. 

During the year, we have increased our operational efficiency at Anyang Jiutian and increased the plant 

capacity utilisation rate from 65% to 75% for DMF production and maintained plant capacity utilisation rate at 

100% for methylamine production. This efficiency forms a solid base upon which we can grow our business. 

Looking ahead, we remain optimistic. The major maintenance of our DMF and methylamine plants undertaken 

in 3rd Quarter 2017 has allowed our plants to operate at a higher efficiency in FY2018. We will continue to 

focus on proper and ongoing maintenance and replacement of our facilities going forward. 

We are aware that the Chinese government’s emphasis on environmentally-friendly industrial operations will 

necessitate us in keeping abreast of related regulatory developments and consequently improving our 

operations to comply with these changes. This pro-active stance will in turn place Jiutian on a more sustainable 

growth trajectory. 

In addition, we wish to confirm that the Board has considered sustainability issues as part of its strategic 

formulation. The Board has determined the material environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors and 

overseen the management in monitoring these material ESG factors. 

As part of Jiutian’s commitment to sustainable development, we will continue to strive to do business in a 

responsible way.  

 

On behalf of the Board of Directors 

 

 

 

HAN LIANGUO 

Non-Executive and Non-Independent Chairman 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2018 

Jiutian Chemical Group Limited | 3 

 

 

 

 

 

1.3 Scope of sustainability report 

The scope of the report covers information on material sustainability aspects of Jiutian, namely the Group’s 

significant subsidiary, Anyang Jiutian Fine Chemical Co., Ltd (安阳九天精细化工有限公司) (Anyang Jiutian), from 

1 January 2018 to 31 December 2018 unless otherwise specified. This should sufficiently address stakeholders’ 

concerns in relation to sustainability issues arising from the major business operations of the Group. 

This report is prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards: Core Option as it 

provides a set of an extensive framework that is widely accepted as a global standard for sustainability 

reporting. It also considers the Sustainability Reporting Guide in Practice Note 7F of the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (SGX-ST) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (Catalist Rules). In preparing 

our report, we applied the GRI’s principles for defining report content and report quality by considering the 

Group’s activities, impacts and substantive expectations and interests of its stakeholders.  

The data and information provided within the report have not been verified by an independent third party. We 

have relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy. 

1.4 Restatements 

No restatements were made from the previous report.  

1.5 Sustainability contact 

We welcome your views and feedback on our sustainability practices and reporting at admin@jiutianchemical.com.  




Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2018 

Jiutian Chemical Group Limited | 4 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2. Our approach to sustainability 

2.1 Sustainability organisational structure 

Sustainability is a vital part of our corporate strategy for achieving long-term growth. The values we create for 

our people, the environment and society at large very much influence our financial performance. In order to 

better accommodate our sustainability goals and values, we have developed a sustainability organisational 

structure to move things forward. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Board of Directors 

and Management

Chief Executive 

Officer

Committees and 

Departments

The Board of Directors establishes the sustainability 

framework while the Management sees through the 

implementation of the framework. 

Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Jiutian is charged with 

organising and coordinating the sustainability work in various 

committees and departments. 

The following committees and departments are responsible 

for sustainability work: 

 

Safety Committee 

 

Environmental Protection Committee 

 

Production Department 

 

Equipment Department 

 

Technical Department 

 

Human Resources Department 

 

Administration Department 

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2018 

Jiutian Chemical Group Limited | 5 

 

 

 

 

 

2.2 Sustainability strategy 

At the Group, our sustainability strategy aims to create integrated values. Together with disciplined execution 

of our strategy and a commitment to doing business responsibly, we commit to deliver value to all our 

stakeholders through the following: 

 

 

Quality 

Management 

Production 

Safety 

Environmental 

Protection 

Employee 

Well-being 

 

The sustainable strategy is underpinned by our comprehensive internal policies on the following: 

 

Production Safety Management (安全生产管理), which covers aspects on safety culture, safety 

training and development, occupational health and safety, handling of hazardous chemicals, fire safety 

and prevention, equipment maintenance and supplier management. 

 

Environmental Protection Management (环境保护管理), which covers aspects on source pollution 

management, air pollution monitoring, proper discharge of solid and liquid waste and pollution 

management, and pollution management diagrams for our production of DMF and methylamine. 

 

Emergency Response Management (应急预案), which covers aspects on emergency response 

procedures in the event of serious safety or environmental incidents. 

 

Human Resources Management ( 人 事 管 理 ), which covers aspects on employee handbook, 

department-specific performance evaluations, rewards and penalties. 

The strategy is also guided by external sources, including the Global Reporting Initiative Standards and 

Sustainability Reporting Guide in Practice Note 7F of the Catalist Rules. 

The rest of this report covers our progress and performance against each of these areas, and the impact we 

have on the economy, environment and society as a result. 




Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2018 

Jiutian Chemical Group Limited | 6 

 

 

 

 

 

2.3 Consulting our stakeholders 

We recognise the need to continuously develop our responsible business approach in order to address growing 

stakeholder expectations around our impact on the economy, environment and society. As such, we 

periodically consult with our stakeholders to determine the issues that are most relevant to them and Jiutian.  

An overview of our approach and rationale is set out below (with stakeholders listed in alphabetical order), 

together with the feedback we have received.  

 

Stakeholders 

How we listen 

Why we do it 

What you’ve told us 

Customers 

 

Industry association meetings 

 

Meetings with customer's 

procurement department 

 

Ensure ability to meet 

customer’s requirements in 

terms of quality and delivery 

timeliness 

 

Provision of high purity 

chemicals 

 

Ability to meet delivery 

timelines 

Employees 

 

Internal updates and 

communication 

 

Events and functions 

 

Improve employee’s 

capabilities through internal 

and external training 

 

Improve employee’s well-

being through managing 

health and safety, and upkeep 

of estates 

 

Health and safety 

 

Career progression 

 

Benefits and rewards 

 

External courses 

Regulatory 

authorities 

(Governments, 

SGX) 

 

Regular updates and 

communication 

 

Reports and compliance 

 

Periodical meetings with 

government bodies 

 

Adhere to environmental 

regulations for chemical 

production  

 

Good relationship between 

continuing sponsor and 

Company, facilitating dialogue 

with SGX 

 

Compliance with relevant laws 

and regulations 

Shareholder 

and investors 

 

SGX Announcements 

 

Shareholder’s meeting 

 

Annual reports 

 

Regular updates and 

communication 

 

Committed to delivering 

economic value to our capital 

providers through a strong 

financial performance and our 

methods of engagement with 

them. 

 

Long-term profitability 

 

Sustainability matters 

 

Group’s performance against 

targets 

 

Compliance with all relevant 

requirements 

Suppliers 

 

Meetings with supplier’s sales 

department 

 

Negotiation of bulk discounts 

 

Ensure availability of quality 

supplies for uninterrupted 

chemical production at a 

reasonable cost 

 

Ability to meet Company’s 

quality standards 

 

Ability to meet Company’s 

delivery timelines 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2018 

Jiutian Chemical Group Limited | 7 

 

 

 

 

 

2.4 Sustainability materiality 

Based on the stakeholder engagement, we developed our sustainability materiality matrix containing material 

aspects which are aligned with our principal business and operational risks, and formed our sustainability 

strategy which has shaped our approach to sustainability reporting, as illustrated in the diagram below.  

We have also developed metrics to help us measure our progress, as indicated in our sustainability scorecard 

in Appendix A. We will review and adjust the matrix each year, as the external and business context changes. 

The aspect boundaries ‘within’ the organisation are limited to our Anyang Jiutian, whereas the aspect 

boundaries ‘outside’ the organisation include customers, employees, regulatory authorities (governments, 

SGX), shareholder and investors and suppliers. 

 





 

 

 

Environmental 

Inculcating an 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Protection 

effective safety 

 

 

 

 

 

management 

 culture 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Production safety 

 

 

 

 

 

 

management 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Emergency 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 preparedness 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Environmental 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 policy in China 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Gaseous 

 Ongoing 

 

 

 

 

 

 emissions 

 maintenance 

 

 

 

 

 

Waste and 

 and repairs 

 

 

 

 

 

  wastewater 

 Stringent quality 

 

 

 

 

 

  management  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Skills competency 

 Managing carbon 

 Plant capacity 

 

 

and employee 

emissions 

utilisation 

 

 

training 

 Energy 

 Purchases from 

 

 

Performance 

  efficiency 

  Anhua 

 

 

appraisal 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Saving water 

 

 

 Supplier 

 

 

 

Equal 

 

 

 

management 

 

 

 

opportunity 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Encouraging 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 work-life balance  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Relevance to Jiutian 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2018 

Jiutian Chemical Group Limited | 8 

 

 

 

 

 

3. Our performance 

3.1 How we measure our performance 

Our sustainability strategy is embedded into the appropriate parts of our business, with dedicated teams for 

each focus area, and coordination by our relevant departmental managers. 

Progress will be tracked in two key ways: measuring performance against metrics, and evaluating how well 

the programmes have advanced through a series of ‘commitments’. 

Metrics and targets 

We have established key performance indicators for each of the four focus areas outlined in our sustainability 

strategy. Periodically, we plan to introduce new metrics and update targets to ensure alignment with our 

strategy. 

Commitments 

To ensure we have a robust sustainability programme in place, we have included the key commitments for 

each area of our sustainability strategy. The progress we have made against each key commitment is indicated 

using the symbols shown in the table below. 

We track and review our sustainability programme with the Board of Directors at least once a year. 

Symbols used to indicate progress against commitments 

Symbol 

Meaning 

 

New commitment this year 

 

Not started 

 

In progress 

 

Complete 

 

Ongoing commitment: no end date 

 

 












Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2018 

Jiutian Chemical Group Limited | 9 

 

 

 

 

 

3.2 Quality management 

Overview 

Anyang Jiutian is primarily engaged in the manufacture and 

production of high purity DMF and methylamine to support 

the needs of our customers, mainly for their use as 

feedstock in the production of polyurethane (PU). We have 

established comprehensive procedures to ensure quality 

throughout the production process. 

In addition, we believe that effective management of our 

supply chain can help us conserve resources, optimise 

processes, increase productivity and promote positive 

corporate values. We are dedicated to the consistent 

implementation 

of 

our 

procurement 

policies 

and 

procedures across our entire operation. 

Plant capacity utilisation 

In FY2018, due to higher demand for our products, we have increased 

our operational efficiency at Anyang Jiutian and increased the plant 

capacity utilisation rate for DMF production from 65% to 75% and 

maintained plant capacity utilisation rate for methylamine production at 

100%. This efficiency forms a solid base upon which we can grow our 

business.  

We will continue to track and report on the plant capacity utilisation rate 

for DMF and methylamine. 

Ongoing maintenance and repairs 

In FY2018, no major maintenance was planned for the DMF and 

methylamine production lines, as the production lines are still operating 

smoothly since the last major maintenance in August 2017. 

Regular maintenance and repairs continue to be carried out 

periodically, which does not affect the daily operations of the chemical 

plants. 

Such 

activities 

may 

comprise 

minor 

technological 

improvements, maintenance and repairs on piping, meters and 

insulation, and other structural reinforcements. These maintenance 

and repairs will improve production efficiency and quality, and ensure 

that the chemical plant will run smoothly during the harsh winter 

months. In FY2018, total expenditure on maintenance and repairs 

amounted to close to ¥15 million. 

Even as the DMF and methylamine facilities have been in production 

for more than 10 years, the Production, Equipment and Technical 

Departments are always on the look out to improve the efficiency and 

effectiveness of the current production work flow through process 

improvement initiatives. In FY2018, total expenditure on process 

improvements amounted to close to ¥8 million. 

We will continue to track and report on maintenance and repairs and 

process improvements made at Anyang Jiutian. 

 

FY2018 Progress 

75% 

DMF plant capacity utilisation 

rate 

100% 

Methylamine plant capacity 

utilisation rate 

¥15m 

Investment on maintenance 

and repairs 

¥8m 

Investment on process 

improvements 

100% 

Product acceptance rate by 

our customers 

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2018 

Jiutian Chemical Group Limited | 10 

 

 

 

 

 

Stringent quality management 

We are totally committed to customer satisfaction with quality products delivered through our stringent quality 

management process. Effective from October 2018, Anyang Jiutian has been certified to be compliant with the 

requirements of ISO9001:2015 (Quality Management System). This certification has a validity of three years.  

The main raw materials for DMF and methylamine are methanol and liquid ammonia. Each incoming raw 

material shipment will be subject to stringent analysis and inspection by our in-house laboratory to ensure that 

the raw materials meet our production requirements for high purity chemicals. Shipments that cannot meet the 

purity requirement are entirely rejected and returned to the suppliers. Ongoing production are also subject to 

hourly quality inspection to ensure the consistency of DMF and methylamine production.  

Backed by our stringent quality management process, Anyang Jiutian achieved 100% product acceptance rate 

by our customers in FY2018. As part of our strategy, we seek to continue to achieve 100% product acceptance 

rate by our customers. 

Purchases from Anhua 

Commencing from 1 January 2005, Anyang Jiutian signed a 20-year raw materials and spare parts purchase 

agreement with our principal supplier and shareholder, Anhua Group (Anhua), including the supply of coal, 

distilled water, steam and electricity. We continue to enjoy a close working relationship with Anhua to ensure 

the quality and consistent supply of these essential raw materials and utilities to our facilities at a reasonable 

price. 

Supplier management 

Anyang Jiutian purchases entirely from reliable local suppliers. A secure and stable supply chain is very 

important to ensure the smooth and uninterrupted operation of our production activities. As such, we have 

established a set of Supplier Management Policies (供应商管理办法) to be applied to all our suppliers. 

Some of the areas covered by our policies include: 

 

Supplier classification, 

 

New supplier qualification and authorisation, 

 

Supplier evaluation, 

 

Supplier disqualification,  

 

Supplier selection through fair competition, and 

 

Inventory management. 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2018 

Jiutian Chemical Group Limited | 11 

 

 

 

 

 

Commitments: Quality management 

Track and report plant 

capacity utilisation rate for 

DMF and Methylamine 

Plant Capacity Utilisation for DMF (%) 

 

Plant Capacity Utilisation for Methylamine (%) 

 

 

FY2018 progress 

 

 Due to higher demand for our products, 

we have increased our operational 

efficiency 

at 

Anyang 

Jiutian 

and 

increased the plant capacity utilisation 

rate for DMF production from 65% to 75% 

and maintained plant capacity utilisation 

rate for methylamine production at 100%.  

 This efficiency forms a solid base upon 

which we can grow our business. 

 

Track and report ongoing 

maintenance, repairs and 

improvements 

Maintenance and repairs (¥’million) 

 

Process improvements (¥’million) 

 

 

FY2018 progress 

 

 Although there’s no major maintenance 

planned for the DMF and methylamine 

production lines in FY2018, regular 

maintenance and repairs continue to be 

carried out periodically. 

 Anyang Jiutian continues to improve the 

efficiency and effectiveness of the current 

production work flow through process 

improvement initiatives. 

 

Full compliance with 

ISO9001:2015 (Quality 

Management System) 

Achievements 

 ISO9001:2015 certified since October 2018. 

 

 

FY2018 progress 

 

 Anyang Jiutian is fully compliant with the 

requirements of ISO9001:2015 since 

October 2018. 

 

 

Achieve 100% product 

acceptance rate by our 

customers 

Achievements 

 Achieved 100% product acceptance rate by 

our customers 

 

 

FY2018 progress 

 

 Backed 

by 

our 

stringent 

quality 

management process, Anyang Jiutian 

continues to achieve 100% product 

acceptance rate by our customers. 

 

 

57

65

75

92

100

100

31

15

4

8









2018 

2016 

2016 

2018 

2017 

2017 

2018 

2018 

2017 

2017 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2018 

Jiutian Chemical Group Limited | 12 

 

 

 

 

 

3.3 Production safety 

Overview 

Safety is of paramount importance in the chemicals 

industry, and we have always stressed the importance of 

production safety in all our operations, especially when we 

deal with hazardous chemicals in each stage of our 

production process.  

We believe that one of the keys to improving safety is the 

creation of a more effective safety culture – one that does 

not emphasise production over safety. 

Inculcating an effective safety culture 

Safety in the chemical industry relies heavily on following correct 

procedures. Having an effective safety culture is hence very important. 

By building an effective safety culture, we can not only reduce injuries, 

we can also strengthen production, increase operational agility and 

move ahead on the journey to becoming a high-performance business. 

Anyang Jiutian is fully compliant with China’s production safety policy 

and has regularly renewed the requisite Production Safety License 

(安全生产许可证) on our production facilities. We enforce strict safety 

regulations and take stringent measures to ensure the safety aspects 

of our production facilities and processes.  

As part of our strategy, we seek to continue to be fully compliant with 

China’s production safety policy with zero production stoppage due to 

safety incidences and zero serious accidents. 

At Anyang Jiutian, our Safety Committee is headed by our General 

Manager, and supported by our Vice General Manager (Technical), 

Equipment Manager, Production Manager and Safety Manager.  

Daily safety briefings are held before each production shift with weekly 

and monthly safety meetings to summarise and incorporate lessons 

learnt. There are also periodic sharing sessions from each department 

to highlight on important safety aspects. 

New employees are required to attend company and departmental 

orientation trainings where safety features prominently in the topics 

which are covered. They are also required to familiarise themselves on 

all safety aspects in relation to their job scope. 

In June 2018, we kicked off a full month of activities in conjunction with 

the Production Safety Month to strengthen safety awareness and 

safety aspects in our daily operations. We also organise monthly safety 

competitions between different production shifts and reward the 

winning team with additional salary incentives. We believe that this is 

an effective motivational tool to improve production without 

compromising safety. 

 

FY2018 Progress 

0 

Production stoppage due to 

safety incidences 

0 

Serious incidents 

0 

Workplace injuries 

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2018 

Jiutian Chemical Group Limited | 13 

 

 

 

 

 

Production safety management 

We are totally committed to production safety and have established a set of Production Safety Management 

Policies (安全生产管理制度) that requires all employees to adhere to the relevant safety laws and regulations 

and company standards. Effective from October 2018, Anyang Jiutian has been certified to be compliant with 

the requirements of OHSAS18001:2007 (Health &amp; Safety Management System). This certification has a 

validity of three years.  

Our employees are required to familiarise themselves with and uphold safety standards in order to achieve 

“Safety First, Effective Prevention, and Comprehensive Management” (安全第一、预防为主、综合治理). 

Some of the areas covered by our policies include: 

 

Effective safety culture, 

 

Safety training and development, 

 

Occupational health and safety, 

 

Handling of hazardous chemicals, and 

 

Fire safety and prevention. 

Emergency preparedness 

While we emphasise on preventing safety incidents, we also prepare the employees to handle and respond to 

emergencies, including potential explosions, fire and chemical spills. This is very important to reduce and limit 

the impact and casualty as a result of the any safety incidents that may happen in our line of work.  

In addition to departmental trainings and refresher courses, we also conduct annual fire safety and emergency 

preparedness drills involving company personnel and the local fire station.  

In November 2018, we kicked off a full month of activities in conjunction with the “119” National Fire Prevention 

Month to strengthen fire safety and emergency preparedness awareness within Anyang Jiutian and our local 

community, focused on the following areas: 

 

Case studies on major fire incidents in recent years, 

 

Response to emergency situations at work and at home, 

 

Usage of fire safety equipment, and 

 

Usage of gas masks. 

Commitments: Production safety 

Full compliance with 

production safety laws and 

regulations 

Achievements 

 Achieved zero production stoppage due to 

safety incidences and zero serious accidents 

 

 

FY2018 progress 

 

 Focusing on inculcating an effective 

safety 

culture, 

upholding 

production 

safety 

and 

emphasising 

emergency 

preparedness, we continue to achieve 

zero production stoppage due to safety 

incidences and zero serious accidents. 

 

 

Full compliance with 

OHSAS18001:2007 (Health 

&amp; Safety Management 

System) 

Achievements 

 OHSAS18001:2007 certified since October 

2018. 

 

 

FY2018 progress 

 

 Anyang Jiutian is fully compliant with the 

requirements 

of 

OHSAS18001:2007 

since October 2018. 

 

 






Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2018 

Jiutian Chemical Group Limited | 14 

 

 

 

 

 

3.4 Environmental protection 

Overview 

Environmental protection is fast gaining traction in China 

amongst policy makers and the public. This move has 

posed significant implications, especially to the chemicals 

industry. As one of the largest producers of DMF and 

methylamine in China, Anyang Jiutian is committed to 

ensuring our full compliance with national environmental 

regulations.  

Comprehensive policies are developed to ensure the 

Anyang Jiutian’s commitment towards environmental 

protection, 

reducing 

carbon 

emissions, 

preventing 

pollution, and minimising waste can be achieved during our 

daily operations. 

Environmental policy in China 

Environmental policy in China is set by the National People's Congress 

and managed by the Ministry of Environmental Protection of the 

People's Republic of China. The central government issues strict 

regulations for which the actual monitoring and enforcement is largely 

undertaken by the local governments. 

In January 2015, a new environmental law came into effect, covering 

land, water and air pollution. It contains strict penalties, including 

seizing of the property of illegal polluters, with company executives 

subject to prison sentences of 15 days. There is no upper limit on fines. 

More than 300 different groups will be able to sue on the behalf of 

people harmed by pollution. 

Anyang Jiutian is fully compliant with China’s environmental policy and 

has obtained the requisite clearance on its environmental protection 

facilities since November 2015.  

As part of our strategy, we seek to continue to be fully compliant with 

China’s environmental policy with zero environmental incidents and 

zero fines on contravention of environmental regulations. 

To address the increasingly stringent national environmental policy in 

China, Anyang Jiutian’s management requires all environmental 

matters to be addressed as high priority through the following steps: 

 

Manage and analyse the root causes of environmental 

incidents in a timely manner, 

 

Adopt a conscientious and persistent attitude towards the 

improvement of processes, and 

 

Maintain an open mind towards the adoption of new and 

advanced technology and management methods. 

 

FY2018 Progress 

0 

Environmental incidents 

¥0 

Fines on contravention of 

environmental regulations 

4.50kgCO2e 

Carbon footprint per tonne of 

production 

100% 

Gaseous emissions that meets 

local emission standards 

100% 

Wastewater discharge that 

meets local emission 

standards 

1.74m3 

Wastewater discharge per 

tonne of production 

0.57m3 

Water consumption per tonne 

of production 

50% 

Water recycled and reused 

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2018 

Jiutian Chemical Group Limited | 15 

 

 

 

 

 

Environmental protection management 

At Anyang Jiutian, our Environmental Protection Committee is headed by our General Manager, and supported 

by our Vice General Manager (Technical), Equipment Manager, Production Manager and Safety Manager. 

They will oversee all environmental protection matters in the Company. 

We are totally committed to environment protection and have established a set of Environmental Protection 

Management Policies (环境保护管理制度) that requires all employees to adhere to the relevant environmental 

protection laws and regulations and company standards. Effective from October 2018, Anyang Jiutian has 

been certified to be complaint with the requirements of ISO14001:2015 (Environmental Management System). 

This certification has a validity of three years.  

Some of the areas covered by our policies include: 

 

Source pollution management, 

 

Air pollution monitoring, 

 

Proper discharge of solid and liquid waste 

 

Pollution management, and 

 

Pollution management diagrams for our production of DMF and methylamine. 

Managing carbon emissions 

 

To determine the carbon footprint, we collect energy usage data from each our businesses and then calculate 

our total annual greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. We follow the GHG Protocol established by the World 

Resources Institute and the World Business Council for Sustainable Development, the standard manual for 

measuring corporate GHG emissions. Using the “control method”, we include 100% of the emissions 

associated with businesses which we directly control. Our carbon footprint includes: 

 

All fuels used directly by our companies (Scope 1 emissions) 

 

All purchased electricity and steam used in our facilities (Scope 2 emissions) 

 

Impact of business travel, and transportation of goods to our customers (optional Scope 3 emissions) 



Sources of 

Carbon 

Emissions 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2018 

Jiutian Chemical Group Limited | 16 

 

 

 

 

 

In FY2018, Anyang Jiutian generated a carbon footprint of 1,223.77 tonnes of carbon dioxide emission (tCO2e) 

with a carbon emission intensity of 4.50 kgCO2e per tonne of production, representing a 12% increase from 

the previous year. The emission mainly arises from purchased steam used in the production process which 

accounted for more than 61% of the total carbon emission of Anyang Jiutian. 

The increase in carbon emission intensity is due to the following reasons: 

 

3% reduction in carbon emission intensity resulting from more efficient utilisation of direct fuel, electricity 

and steam used in production activities. This is a result of the various energy efficiency efforts 

undertaken by Anyang Jiutian in FY2018. 

 

15% increase in carbon emission intensity mainly resulting from transportation of goods to our 

customers. As some of our competitors continue to be affected by plant closures due to China’s stringent 

environmental policy, we have continued to grow our customer base in FY2018. This has resulted in an 

increase in the number of trips and geographical distribution of customers, leading to an increase in 

transportation costs to distribute our goods to our customers. 

We recognise that reducing carbon emissions in our daily operations has a positive effect on climate change. 

As such, Anyang Jiutian has committed to reducing our carbon footprint per tonne of production by 3% by 

FY2025, from a FY2018 baseline. 

Energy efficiency 

Production facilities are energy-intensive structures and energy consumption, comprising of purchased 

electricity and steam, constitutes a significant proportion of our operating expenses. By investing in energy 

efficiency, we not only help protect the environment but can also lower our financial costs. 

To enhance our existing assets, we have allocated considerable resources to process improvement initiatives 

over the years. We have optimised eco-efficiency in our production operations to cut our energy consumption 

with the primary goal of reducing our carbon footprint. For example, we are improving the energy efficiency of 

our boilers through regular maintenance and refurbishment. Occasionally, we also introduce more extensive 

process improvements through our major maintenance exercise. 

Gaseous emissions 

DMF and methylamine production produce fumes containing hydrogen sulphide and ammonia respectively. 

These obnoxious fumes need to be securely collected and treated before they can be safely released into the 

atmosphere. 

Hydrogen sulphide gas from DMF production will undergo a desulphurisation process to remove the presence 

of sulphur to a level of less than 0.1 parts-per million (ppm). On the other hand, ammonia gas from 

methylamine production is recovered, purified and recycled as feedstock for the production.  

As a result, the fumes released into the atmosphere will be able to meet the requirements of the gas emission 

standard of the Henan Province. As part of our strategy, we seek to continue to ensure that 100% of our gaseous 

emissions meet the local emission standards. 

Waste and wastewater management 

Waste materials from the production of DMF and methylamine are not significant. Any waste engine oils and 

materials recovered from maintenance of piping, meters and insulation will be aggregated in a locked and 

isolated container and disposed through proper biohazard disposal channels. 

Wastewater disposal is handled by Anhua on the Company’s behalf. Anhua’s facilities are able to handle up 

to 15,000 m3 of wastewater a day, through a set of parallel biological treatment tanks.  

As a result, the treated wastewater discharge will be able to meet the requirements of the water emission 

standard of the Henan Province. As part of our strategy, we seek to continue to ensure that 100% of our 

wastewater discharge meet the local emission standards. 

In FY2018, Anyang Jiutian had a wastewater discharge intensity of 1.74 m3 per tonne of production, 

representing a 23% decrease from the previous year. A larger amount of wastewater was discharged in the 

prior year due to runoffs from major maintenance and cleaning of DMF and methylamine production towers. 

The volume of wastewater discharged exceeds municipal water consumption due to water from condensed 

steam produced during production of DMF and methylamine. 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2018 

Jiutian Chemical Group Limited | 17 

 

 

 

 

 

Saving water 

In Anyang Jiutian, water is extensively used as a natural coolant to ensure that our reactor towers are 

maintained at the correct temperature during chemical production. Where possible, Anyang Jiutian already 

has procedures in place to utilise recycled water for its processes.  

In FY2018, Anyang Jiutian had a water consumption intensity of 0.57 m3 per tonne of production, representing 

a 34% decrease from the previous year. In addition, up to 50% of municipal water consumption is being 

recycled and reused, up from 27% in the previous year. Increase in water recycled and reused is in line with 

the increase in volume of DMF and methylamine production in the current year. 

We will continue to track and monitor our performance on wastewater discharge, water consumption, and 

water recycling. Progress and performance improvement will be reported every year.  

Commitments: Environmental protection 

Full compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

Achievements 

 Achieved zero environmental incidents and 

zero fines on contravention of environmental 

regulations. 

 

 

FY2018 progress 

 

 We are fully compliant with China’s 

environmental policy with zero environ-

mental incidents and zero fines on contra-

vention of environmental regulations. 

 100% of gaseous emissions meets local 

emission standards. 

 100% of wastewater discharge meets 

local emission standards. 

 

 

Full compliance with 

ISO14001:2015 

(Environmental 

Management System) 

Achievements 

 ISO14001:2015 certified since October 

2018. 

 

 

FY2018 progress 

 

 Anyang Jiutian is fully compliant with the 

requirements of ISO14001:2015 since 

October 2018. 

 

 

Reduce carbon footprint 

per tonne of production by 

3% by FY2025 (from a 

FY2018 baseline) 

Carbon footprint intensity (kgCO2e) 

 

 

FY2018 progress 

 

 12% increase in carbon emission intensity 

from the previous year. 

 3% reduction in carbon emission intensity 

resulting from more efficient utilisation of 

direct fuel, electricity and steam used in 

production activities. 

 15% increase in carbon emission intensity 

mainly resulting from transportation of 

goods to our customers. 

 

 

Track and monitor our 

performance on 

wastewater discharge, 

water consumption, and 

water recycling 

Wastewater discharge intensity (m3) 

 

Water consumption intensity (m3) 

 

Water recycled and reused (%) 

 

 

FY2018 progress 

 

 Anyang 

Jiutian 

had 

a 

wastewater 

discharge intensity of 1.74 m3 per tonne 

of 

production, 

representing 

a 

23% 

decrease from the previous year. A larger 

amount of wastewater was discharged in 

the prior year due to runoffs from major 

maintenance and cleaning of DMF and 

methylamine production towers.  

 Anyang Jiutian had a water consumption 

intensity of 0.57 m3 per tonne of 

production, representing a 34% decrease 

from the previous year. In addition, up to 

50% of municipal water consumption is 

being recycled and reused, up from 27% 

in the previous year. Increase in water 

recycled and reused is in line with the 

increase 

in 

volume 

of 

DMF 

and 

methylamine production in the current 

year. 

 

 

4.03

4.50

2.27

1.74

0.86

0.57

27

50









2018 

2017 

2018 

2017 

2017 

2018 

2017 

2018 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2018 

Jiutian Chemical Group Limited | 18 

 

 

 

 

 

3.4 Employee well-being 

Overview 

To increase productivity, we have a comprehensive 

performance appraisal programme and rewards system 

based on the result of the appraisal. The performance 

appraisal programme is essential for us to understand the 

skills level of the employees and appropriate training 

programmes can be designed to fill up the skill gaps.  

We emphasise on the career path and progression of our 

employees. To achieve this, the management builds 

several two-way communication channels to ensure the 

career development needs of the employee are taken into 

consideration whenever possible. Trainings opportunities 

are equal to all employees based on needs identified.  

Though these efforts, Anyang Jiutian is well-positioned to 

provide a constructive working experience to our 

employees and contribute to the economic development 

and skilled labour resources of the local community. 

 

FY2018 Progress 

92 

Training hours per staff 

100% 

Employees subject to regular 

performance appraisal 

41% 

Female representation in 

workforce 

37% 

Female representation in 

management

Skills competency and employee training 

To ensure that our employees excel, we emphasise on continuous learning in the workplace. Every employee 

has equal opportunities to upgrade and sharpen his or her skill set through formal and on-the-job internal 

training programs and inter-departmental competitions. 

In FY2018, Anyang Jiutian invested an average of 92 hours of training on each employee, representing a 10% 

increase from the previous year. The increase is due to increased efforts by the Company to ensure 

employee’s skill competency.  

As part of our strategy, Anyang Jiutian has committed to achieving a minimum of 80 hours of training per 

employee on an ongoing basis. 

Performance appraisal  

To ensure that we achieve our goals, we have various performance appraisal methods in place to determine 

the performance of the Company as well as each individual employee.  

The employee performance appraisal comprises mainly quantifiable evaluation criteria. In addition, we actively 

collect performance information for each employee each month through inputs from direct supervisors and 

feedbacks, as well as periodical employee communication sessions.  

These collected information allow us to understand the performance and skills development needs of each 

team and individual employee from multiple aspects. This is crucial for the Company to develop annual training 

programs that are designed to enhance the skills of the employee and aims to improve the overall productivity.  

In FY2018, all of our employees are at least subject to an annual performance appraisal by their superiors. We 

seek to continue this practice in the coming year. 

Equal opportunity 

Anyang Jiutian has always been an equal opportunity employer to provide a fair workplace for employees, 

following the principles of equality and non-discrimination. Recruitment, remuneration, promotion, and benefits 

are required to be handled based on objective assessment, equal opportunity and non-discrimination 

regardless of gender, race, marital status, pregnancy, disability, age or family status.  

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2018 

Jiutian Chemical Group Limited | 19 

 

 

 

 

 

We attract talent through fair, and flexible recruitment strategy that includes recruitment application, job 

description, job applications, interview, selection, approval, and job offer. Promotion is based on performance 

and suitability.  

We offer competitive remuneration to attract and retain talented staff members. Remuneration packages 

(which includes the necessary social benefits) are reviewed periodically to ensure consistency with current 

employment market benchmarks. Dismissal also complies with employment laws and regulations relating to 

non-discrimination. 

In FY2018, female employees comprise 41% of our entire workforce, with female representation in 

management at 37%. We will continue to track and monitor female representation in our workforce and report 

these statistics every year.  

Encouraging work-life balance  

We organised a variety of employee activities to help them relax their mind and body, develop teamwork, 

explore their talent, so as to develop a positive attitude in both work and life.  

To enhance employee teamwork and cohesion, improve employee health and improve employee work-life 

balance, Anyang Jiutian has been organising periodic employee gatherings during major festivals and sports 

competitions. In addition, Anyang Jiutian organises free annual health checks for its employees and gives out 

monetary supports to its needy workers. 

In FY2018, close to RMB 0.3 million has been spent on employee welfare expenses. We will continue to track 

and monitor spendings on employee welfare and report these statistics every year. 

Commitments: Empowering lives 

Achieve minimum of 80 

hours of training per 

employee 

Training hours per employee (Hours) 

 

 

FY2018 progress 

 

 Anyang Jiutian invested an average of 92 

hours of training on each employee, 

representing a 10% increase from the 

previous year.  

 The increase is due to increased efforts 

by the Company to ensure employee’s 

skill competency. 

 

All employees are at least 

subject to an annual 

performance appraisal by 

their superiors 

Achievements 

 All employees are at least subject to an annual 

performance appraisal by their superiors. 

 

FY2018 progress 

 

 All employees are at least subject to an annual 

performance appraisal by their superiors. 

 

 

Track and monitor female 

representation in 

workforce 

Female representation in workforce (%) 

 

Female representation in management (%) 

 

 

FY2018 progress 

 

 Female employees comprise 41% of our 

entire workforce, with female represent-

tation in management at 37%. 

 Anyang Jiutian has always been an equal 

opportunity employer to provide a fair 

workplace for employees, following the 

principles 

of 

equality 

and 

non-

discrimination. We will continue this 

practice in future years. 

 

Track and monitor 

spending on employee 

welfare 

Spending on employee welfare (¥’m) 

 

 

FY2018 progress 

 

 Close to ¥0.3 million was spent on employee 

welfare expenses, including gatherings 

during 

major 

festivals 

and 

sports 

competitions, free annual health checks and 

monetary support to needy workers. 

 

 

84

92

40

41

28

37

0.3









2018 

2017 

2018 

2017 

2017 

2018 

2018 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2018 

Jiutian Chemical Group Limited | 20 

 

 

 

 

 

Appendix A: Sustainability scorecard 

Quality management 

Performance indicators 

Units 

FY2017 

FY2018 

Plant capacity utilisation rate (DMF) 

Percentage 

65 

75 

Plant capacity utilisation rate (Methylamine) 

Percentage 

100 

100 

Investment on maintenance and repairs 

¥’000 

31,033 

14,926 

Investment on process improvements 

¥’000 

3,926 

7,933 

Products that meet the quality requirements of our 

customers 

Percentage 

100 

100 

Production safety 

Performance indicators 

Units 

FY2017 

FY2018 

Production stoppage due to safety incidences 

Number 

0 

0 

Serious incidents 

Number 

0 

0 

Workplace injuries 

Number 

0 

0 

Environmental protection 

Performance indicators 

Units 

FY2017 

FY2018 

Environmental incidents 

Number 

0 

0 

Fines on contravention of environmental regulations 

¥’000 

0 

0 

Total carbon footprint 

tCO2e 

1,018.59 

1,223.77 

Carbon emission intensity  

kgCO2e/tonne 

4.03 

4.50 

Gaseous emissions that meets local emission 

standards 

Percentage 

100 

100 

Wastewater discharge that meets local emission 

standards 

Percentage 

100 

100 

Wastewater discharge intensity 

m3/tonne 

2.27 

1.74 

Water consumption intensity 

m3/tonne 

0.86 

0.57 

Water recycled and reused 

Percentage 

27 

50 

Employee well-being 

Performance indicators 

Units 

FY2017 

FY2018 

Training hours per employee 

Hours 

84 

92 

Employee turnover 

Percentage 

2 

3 

Employees subject to regular performance appraisal 

Percentage 

100 

100 

Female representation in workforce 

Percentage 

40 

41 

Female representation in management 

Percentage 

28 

37 

Spending on employee welfare 

¥’000 

Not tracked 

300 

 

 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2018 

Jiutian Chemical Group Limited | 21 

 

 

 

 

 

Appendix B: GRI content index 

GRI Standards Content Index 

The GRI Content Index references the Jiutian Chemical Group Limited Sustainability Report 2018 (SR), and 

the Annual Report 2018 (AR). 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

GRI 102: General disclosures 

Organisational profile 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

 AR: Corporate Profile (Pages 2-3) 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, 

and services 

 AR: Corporate Profile (Pages 2-3) 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

 AR: Corporate Profile (Pages 2-3) 

102-4 

Location of operations 

 AR: Corporate Profile (Pages 2-3) 

 AR: Investment in Subsidiary Companies – Note 

16 to the Financial Statements (Pages 92-94) 

 AR: Investment in Associated Companies – Note 

17 to the Financial Statements (Pages 95-97) 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

 AR: General – Note 1 to the Financial Statements 

(Page 65) 

102-6 

Markets served 

 AR: Review of Operations (Pages 14-16) 

 AR: Segment Information – Note 27 to the 

Financial Statements (Page 111) 

102-7 

Scale of organisation 

 AR: Corporate Profile (Pages 2-3) 

 AR: Segment Information – Note 27 to the 

Financial Statements (Page 111) 

102-8 

Information on employees 

and other workers 

 SR: Employee Well-being (Pages 18-19) 

102-9 

Supply chain 

 SR: Quality Management (Pages 9-11) 

102-10 

Significant changes to the 

organisation and its supply 

chain 

 AR: Corporate Profile (Pages 2-3) 

 AR: Our Products (Pages 4-7) 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or 

approach 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 22-48) 

102-12 

External initiatives 

 Not applicable 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

 Not applicable 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior 

decision-maker 

 AR: Chairman’s Statement (Pages 9-11) 

 SR: Message to Stakeholders (Page 2) 

102-15 

Key impacts, risks, and 

opportunities 

 AR: Review of Operations (Pages 14-16) 

 AR: Independent Auditor’s Report (Pages 53-57) 

Ethics and integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, 

standards, and norms of 

behavior 

 SR: Sustainability Strategy (Page 5) 

102-17 

Mechanisms for advice and 

concerns about ethics 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 22-48) 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 22-48) 

102-19 

Delegating authority 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 22-48) 

102-20 

Executive-level responsibility 

for economic, 

environmental, and social 

topics 

 SR: Sustainability Organisational Structure (Page 4) 

102-21 

Consulting stakeholders on 

economic, environmental, 

and social topics 

 SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 6) 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2018 

Jiutian Chemical Group Limited | 22 

 

 

 

 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

102-22 

Composition of the highest 

governance body and its 

committees 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 22-48) 

102-23 

Chair of the highest 

governance body 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 22-48) 

102-24 

Nominating and selecting 

the highest governance 

body 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 22-48) 

102-25 

Conflicts of interest 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 22-48) 

 AR: Directors’ Statement (Pages 49-52) 

 SR: Sustainability Strategy (Page 5) 

102-26 

Role of highest governance 

body in setting purpose, 

values, and strategy 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 22-48) 

102-27 

Collective knowledge of 

highest governance body 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 22-48) 

102-28 

Evaluating the highest 

governance body’s 

performance 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 22-48) 

102-29 

Identifying and managing 

economic, environmental, 

and social impacts 

 SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 7) 

102-30 

Effectiveness of risk 

management processes 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 22-48) 

102-31 

Review of economic, 

environmental, and social 

topics 

 SR: Sustainability Report (Pages 1-24) 

102-32 

Highest governance body’s 

role in sustainability reporting 

 SR: Sustainability Organisational Structure (Page 4) 

102-33 

Communicating critical 

concerns 

 SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 7) 

102-34 

Nature and total number of 

critical concerns 

 SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 7) 

102-35 

Remuneration policies 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 22-48) 

102-36 

Process for determining 

remuneration 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 22-48) 

102-37 

Stakeholders’ involvement in 

remuneration 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 22-48) 

102-38 

Annual total compensation 

ratio 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 22-48) 

102-39 

Percentage increase in 

annual total compensation 

ratio 

 AR: Corporate Governance Report (Pages 22-48) 

Stakeholder 

engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

 SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 6) 

102-41 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

 Not applicable 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

 SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 6) 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

 SR: Sustainability Strategy (Page 5) 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns 

raised 

 SR: Consulting Our Stakeholders (Page 6) 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2018 

Jiutian Chemical Group Limited | 23 

 

 

 

 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

Reporting practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

 AR: Investment in Subsidiary Companies – Note 

16 to the Financial Statements (Pages 92-94) 

 AR: Investment in Associated Companies – Note 

17 to the Financial Statements (Pages 95-97) 

102-46 

Defining report content and 

topic Boundaries 

 SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 7) 

102-47 

List of material topics 

 SR: Sustainability Materiality (Page 7) 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

 SR: Restatements (Page 3) 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

 Not applicable 

102-50 

Reporting period 

 SR: Scope of Sustainability Report (Page 3) 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

 SR: Scope of Sustainability Report (Page 3) 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

 Annual 

102-53 

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report 

 SR: Sustainability Contact (Page 3) 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

 SR: Scope of Sustainability Report (Page 3) 

102-55 

GRI content index 

 SR: GRI Content Index (Pages 21-24) 

102-56 

External assurance 

 No external assurance 

GRI 200: Economic disclosures (applicable sections only) 

Economic performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value 

generated and distributed 

 AR: Financial Highlights (Page 13) 

Procurement practices 

204-1 

Proportion of spending on 

local suppliers 

 SR: Quality Management (Pages 9-11) 

Anti-corruption 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of 

corruption and actions taken 

 There is no incidences of corruption. 

Anti-competitive 

behavior 

206-1 

Legal actions for anti-

competitive behavior, anti-

trust, and monopoly 

practices 

 There is no legal actions for anti-competition. 

GRI 300: Environment disclosures (applicable sections only) 

Energy 

302-1 

Energy consumption within 

the organisation 

 SR: Environmental Protection (Pages 14-17) 

Water 

303-1 

Water withdrawal by source 

 SR: Environmental Protection (Pages 14-17) 

303-3 

Water recycled and reused 

 SR: Environmental Protection (Pages 14-17) 

Emissions 

305-1 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG 

emissions 

 SR: Environmental Protection (Pages 14-17) 

 SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 20) 

305-2 

Energy indirect (Scope 2) 

GHG emissions 

 SR: Environmental Protection (Pages 14-17) 

 SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 20) 

305-3 

Other indirect (Scope 3) 

GHG emissions 

 SR: Environmental Protection (Pages 14-17) 

 SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 20) 

305-4 

GHG emissions intensity 

 SR: Environmental Protection (Pages 14-17) 

 SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 20) 

305-7 

Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulfur 

oxides (SOX), and other 

significant air emissions 

 SR: Environmental Protection (Pages 14-17) 

Effluents and waste 

306-1 

Water discharge by quality 

and destination 

 SR: Environmental Protection (Pages 14-17) 

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal 

method 

 SR: Environmental Protection (Pages 14-17) 

306-3 

Significant spills 

 There is no incidences of significant spills. 


Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2018 

Jiutian Chemical Group Limited | 24 

 

 

 

 

 

Disclosure number 

Disclosure title 

Page reference and remarks 

306-4 

Transport of hazardous 

waste 

 SR: Environmental Protection (Pages 14-17) 

Laws and regulations 

307-1 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

 There is no non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations. 

GRI 400: Social disclosures (applicable sections only) 

Employment 

401-1 

New employee hires and 

employee turnover 

 SR: Employee Well-being (Pages 18-19) 

 SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 20) 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full-time 

employees that are not 

provided to temporary or 

part-time employees 

 SR: Employee Well-being (Pages 18-19) 

Occupational health 

and safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of 

injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of 

work-related fatalities 

 SR: Production Safety (Pages 12-13) 

 SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 20) 

Training and education 

404-1 

Average hours of training 

per year per employee 

 SR: Employee Well-being (Pages 18-19) 

 SR: Sustainability Scorecard (Page 20) 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading 

employee skills and 

transition assistance 

programs 

 SR: Quality Management (Pages 9-11) 

 SR: Production Safety (Pages 12-13) 

 SR: Employee Well-being (Pages 18-19) 

404-3 

Percentage of employees 

receiving regular 

performance and career 

development reviews 

 SR: Employee Well-being (Pages 18-19) 

Diversity and equal 

opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance 

bodies and employees 

 SR: Employee Well-being (Pages 18-19) 

Non-discrimination 

406-1 

Incidents of discrimination 

and corrective actions taken 

 There is no incidents of discrimination. 

Child labor 

408-1 

Operations and suppliers at 

significant risk for incidents 

of child labor 

 Child labour is strictly prohibited. 

Forced or compulsory 

labor 

409-1 

Operations and suppliers at 

significant risk for incidents 

of forced or compulsory 

labor 

 Forced and compulsory labour is strictly prohibited. 

Local communities 

413-1 

Operations with local 

community engagement, 

impact assessments, and 

development programs 

 SR: Production Safety (Pages 12-13) 

 SR: Employee Well-being (Pages 18-19) 

Socioeconomic 

compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws 

and regulations in the social 

and economic area 

 There is no non-compliance with socioeconomic 

laws and regulations. 

 

 

