
*For identification purposes only

(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Stock Code: 1638





SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT










        MESSAGE FROM THE MANAGEMENT TEAM    4

          ABOUT THE REPORT 6

01  ABOUT US                                                                    10 

Group Profile                                                                      10

Group′s Value                                                                      11

02 THE PATH TO SUSTAINABLE 

         DEVELOPMENT                                                            12 

Sustainable Development Strategy 

       14

Sustainable Finance                                                           15

03 ANNUAL ESG WORK REVIEW                               16 

Main ESG Awards and Honors                                            18

Performance Highlights                                                 19

04 FIGHTING THE EPIDEMIC AND 

         RESPONDING PROACTIVELY                                 20

Rescuing from the Epidemic                                               22

Resuming Operation and Work                                         23

05 OPEN COMMUNICATION                                      26 

Communication with Stakeholders                                    28

Materiality Assessment                                                        30

06 COMMUNITY BUILDING                                            32 

Serving the City, Community Reengineering 

                34

Integrated Deployment and Technology Innovation           37

Passionate about Public Welfare and Promoting 

Social Well-being                                                                          41

Contents

07 ENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY                                                   44 

Green Technology Smart Building                                                               46

Green Construction and Ecological Conservation 

                            49

Green Operation and Strict Saving Practice 

                                       52

08 JOIN HANDS AND WORK TOGETHER                                       54 

Improving Supply Management 

                                                            56

Sticking to the Original Intention of Quality 

                                       57

Dedicated to Maintain Relationship with Customers 

                            58

Upholding Integrity                                                                                     60

09 CARE FOR EMPLOYEES                                                                62 

Rights and Welfare                                                                                      64

Training and Development                                                                          67

Health and Safety                                                                                        69

10 ALLOCATION OF SUSTAINABLE BONDS                              72 

Use of Proceeds                                                                                          74

Project Information Summary                                                                       75

Independent Limited Assurance Report on the Review of the Impact 

and Allocation Reporting of 2020 Sustainable Bonds Report                    82

1 1  OVERVIEW OF KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS        84 

SEHK ESG REPORTING GUIDE CONTENT INDEX                 98

ANNEX I: SIGNIFICANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

COMPLIED WITH BY THE GROUP DURING THE

REPORTING PERIOD                                                           93

INDEPENDENT LIMITED ASSURANCE REPORT 

ON THE REVIEW OF SELECTED KEY 

PERFORMANCE INDICATORS                                      96 





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

2

3








Message from the 

Management Team

This Report is Kaisa′s first independently released sustainability 

report. This Report vividly records our progress on the road to 

sustainable development in 2020, and presents our commitments and 

actions to sustainable development in a comprehensive and objective 

manner.  We hope to deepen the communication with all stakeholders 

through the report and continuously improve our level of management 

for sustainable development.

2020 is the closing year of China′s 13th five-year plan and the key 

year for planning the development of the 14th five-year plan. 2020 is 

also a very extraordinary year, the whole country is defying hardships 

and dangers in the fight against the COVID-19 epidemic. At this time 

of transition between the old and the new, facing the complex situation 

on both local and external fronts, Kaisa has always adhered to the 

core values of "professionalism, innovation, value, responsibility" 

and focused on the general situation of national socioeconomic 

development such as promoting people′s livelihood, city operation, 

industrial services, low carbon and environmental protection, etc., 

so as to be sustainable in profit, along with social and environmental 

benefit.

Implementing strategies with results shown. In 2020, 

we formulated Kaisa’s sustainable development strategy, and fully 

implemented the two main lines of "local community development 

through urban renewal" and "reducing negative impacts on the 

environment", integrating with the Sustainable Development Goals 

("SDGs") of the United Nations. On the one hand, we promote social 

and economic development and enhances the values of the city. On 

the other hand, we actively develop green building projects to reduce 

the impacts on the environment. We have integrated sustainability 

strategies into daily operation management, proactively participated 

in external ESG forums and investor relations activities, and won 

multiple ESG awards and recognitions. The ESG rating results have 

been significantly improved, in which our sustainability bonds issued 

have been awarded as "Best Sustainability Bond 2020" by The Asset. 

Our efforts and achievements in the field of sustainable development 

have attracted the attention and reports from many overseas and 

domestic mainstream media.

Working together to prevent and control the epidemic. At the beginning of 2020, the outbreak of the 

COVID-19 epidemic has pulled at people’s heartstrings.  The Group responded quickly and earnestly implemented 

the national deployment to ensure scientific epidemic prevention and orderly resumption of work. We always keep 

in mind that "the interests of the people are above all else", and support the front-line anti-epidemic work through 

monetary and materials donations. We actively give full play to our business advantages, provide security for 

community epidemic prevention, protect people's livelihood, and overcome difficulties with all tenants and merchants 

through rent reduction. We care about the people in need, donating epidemic prevention materials and facilities, in 

order to help prevent and control the epidemic situation in targeted poverty alleviation areas.

Forging ahead and promoting sustainable finance. In 2020, we formulated the Group's Sustainable 

Finance Framework for the first time among the Mainland real estate companies in accordance with internationally 

recognized sustainable finance standards and obtained the Second Party Opinion on the Sustainable Finance 

Framework issued by independent rating agency Sustainalytics. We have also established a Sustainable Finance 

Working Group, which is responsible for selecting eligible green and/or social projects. Under the guidance of this 

framework, we have successively issued a total of 600 million U.S. dollars of sustainable development senior notes, 

becoming the first real estate developer in the Asia-Pacific region to issue sustainable senior notes. The proceeds 

will be used for the development of our green building projects, as well as affordable housing, basic infrastructure 

and essential services projects, so as to continuously create environmental and social benefits. Kaisa′s sustainability 

performance has also received great attention from international organizations. The Group received a "BB" level in 

the latest MSCI ESG assessment and a low risk score of 18.7 in the Sustainalytics ESG rating, which strongly prove 

our effort and dedication in sustainability development.

Rising with accumulated experience and leading urban renewal. Being a pioneer of urban renewal 

industry in the Greater Bay Area, we closely follow the pace of the continuous evolution and upgrading of China′s 

urbanization process.  We continue to play to our own advantages, promote the renewal of the urban structure 

and strive to achieve the sustainable development of cities and communities. During the transformation of urban 

villages, old industrial districts, old commercial districts, and old residential districts, we proactively responded to 

policy planning and people’s livelihood demands. And we built public service facilities such as education, medical 

care, culture and sports for the general public in accordance with local conditions, as well as affordable housing 

with limited price or rent for low and middle-income families whom with difficulties, enhancing the social value of the 

projects and achieve the outcome of urban renewal and multiple benefits. 

Persisting in craftsmanship and cultivating green building. As a real estate developer rooted in the 

Greater Bay Area, we proactively respond to the "Ecology First, Green Development" cooperation principle proposed 

in the Framework Agreement on Deepening Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Cooperation in the Development of the 

Greater Bay Area, and are committed to building high-quality, high-star ranking, people-oriented healthy buildings, 

and green ecological urban planning to help build a world-class ecological and livable Bay district. In 2020, the 

Group has added 11 green building certification projects, with a total green building certification area of 2,338,900 

square meters, representing an increase of 139.35% compared with that in 2019. We first obtained a LEED Gold 

Certification from the United States Green Building Council in the project of Shenzhen Kaisa International Fintech 

Center. In 2020, we obtained another LEED Gold Certification in the Shanghai Kaisa Financial Center project.

Looking forward to the future, Kaisa will bear in mind our original aspirations, seize the opportunities of the times, and 

work with stakeholders to create greater value for society and the environment. With the bright future of sustainable 

development, we will take the goal of building new patterns in community construction, leap forward in sustainable 

finance, create a new atmosphere in urban renewal, make new breakthroughs in green buildings, and overcome all 

obstacles and forge ahead. 

 31 March, 2021

KWOK Ying Shing 

Chairman





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

4

5


Introduction to the Report

This Sustainability Report ("this Report") published by Kaisa Group Holdings Limited (the "Company", "Kaisa", or 

"We") and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the "Group") aims to provide the performance of the Group in 

respect of the environmental, social and governance aspects in a transparent and open manner over the past year, 

in response to the concerns and expectations of all stakeholders on the sustainable development of the Group. 

This enables all stakeholders to better understand the company′s sustainable development philosophy, actions, and 

related performance.

The Board of the Company ensures that the contents of this Report are free from any false records, misleading 

statements or major omissions, and shall bear individual and joint liabilities for the authenticity, accuracy, and 

completeness of the contents.

This Report is published in Traditional Chinese and English. In case of any discrepancy, the Traditional Chinese 

version shall prevail.

▶ Reporting Period

This Report covers the period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 (the "Reporting Period"), which is in 

conformity with the Group’s financial year. Unless specified, otherwise the report mainly describes the company's 

specific policies and performance in environmental, social and sustainable development during the Reporting Period. 

Due to the continuity and comparability involved, part of the information in this Report will be appropriately extended 

as needed.

▶ Reporting Scope

This Report focuses on the Group's management policies, measures, and performance in terms of environment, 

social and governance. In particular, the environmental key performance indicators ("KPIs") disclosed in this 

Report cover the selected 20 core functional companies, including their project departments′ office areas, 

property management areas, and marketing departments′ sales centers; The method of defining the scope of the 

organizational reporting boundary for the KPIs is consistent with the past, and the core functional company is defined 

as the Group's top 20 subsidiaries by revenue during the Reporting Period. Social KPIs cover the overall business 

scope of the Group.







ABOUT THE 

REPORT





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

6

7


▶ Reporting Basis

This Report has been prepared in accordance with the requirements set out in the Environmental, Social and 

Governance Reporting Guide (the "Guide") contained in Appendix 27 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities 

on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ("SEHK") and followed the principles of "Materiality, Quantitative, and 

Consistency":

Reporting Principles

The Company's Responses

▶ Report Assurance

▶ Reporting Specification

In this Report, unless the context requires, otherwise the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Our Company, Kaisa, or We

Refers to

Kaisa Group Holdings Limited

The Group

Refers to

Kaisa Group Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries

Greater Bay Area

Refers to

Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area

This Report

Refers to

The Company's "2020 Sustainability Report"

ESG

Refers to

Environment, Social and Governance 

The Reporting Period

Refers to

January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020

SEHK

Refers to

The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

HKEX

Refers to

Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited

Kaisa Urban Renewal Group

Refers to

Kaisa Urban Renewal Group Co., Ltd.

Kaisa Prosperity

Refers to

Kaisa Prosperity Holdings Limited

Jiake Intelligent

Refers to

Shenzhen Jiake Intelligent Engineering Co., Ltd.

Kaisa Commercial Group

Refers to

Kaisa Commercial Group Co., Ltd.

Kaisa Technology Innovation Group

Refers to

Merged by Kaisa Wewa Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. 

and Kaisa Technology Industry (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.

Kaisa Hainan Group

Refers to

Kaisa Hainan Group Co., Ltd.

Kaisa Culture Sports &amp; Technology 

Group

Refers to

Kaisa Culture Sports &amp; Technology Group Co., Ltd.

Kaisa Lefire

Refers to

Lefire Sports Development Co., Ltd.under Kaisa Culture 

Sports &amp; Technology Group Co., Ltd.

Kaisa Charity Foundation

Refers to

Kaisa Charity Foundation

Kaisa Hotel Group

Refers to

Shenzhen Kaisa Hotel Management Co., Ltd.

Camilla Chinese Cuisine

Refers to

Camilla Chinese Cuisine Group (HK) Co., Ltd.

COVID-19

Refers to

Coronavirus Disease 2019

▶ Report Access

This Report provides an electronic version for the convenience of readers. The electronic version can be viewed 

and downloaded on the Company's website and the HKEX news's website (https://www.hkexnews.hk). If you have 

any questions, comments, feedback or suggestions about this Report and the Company′s sustainability matters, 

please email to IR1638@kaisagroup.com to contact the Company or access to the Company’s website (https://www.

kaisagroup.com/Investor/Information.aspx) and submit your valuable comments.

Certain data and information contained in this Report have been independently verified by Grant Thornton Sweden 

AB to ensure their accuracy and credibility. For details, please refer to the independent limited assurance report 

contained in the appendix to this Report.

Quantitative: The disclosure of KPIs 

needs to be measurable. The data of 

standards, methods and assumption 

or calculation on emissions and 

energy consumption, as well as 

standards for reporting emissions 

and energy consumption as well 

as conversion factors used shall be 

disclosed

Materiality: If the Board decided 

that the threshold at which ESG 

issues become sufficiently important 

to investors and other stakeholders, 

they should be reported by the issuer.

This Report provided procedures for stakeholders’ engagement 

and materiality assessment and stated the provisions of “comply 

or explain” in relation to the matters not to be disclosed as they 

are not material to the Group and the reasons for making this 

decision.

This Report made quantitative disclosure about KPIs, and 

reported the standards, methods, assumption or data for 

calculation of emissions and energy consumption, as well as the 

conversion factors used.

As far as possible, the indicators contained in this Report shall 

adopt the same statistical methods of disclosure as in the past.

During the preparation of this Report, we identified quantitative 

methods of environmental KPIs that better reflect the actual 

situation, and therefore made changes. We also followed Hong 

Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (“HKEX”) How to Prepare 

an ESG Reports - Appendix III: Reporting Guidance on Social 

KPIs to make changes to the quantitative methods of some 

social KPIs.

For detailed information about the changes to the quantitative 

method, please refer to the Overview of Key Performance 

Indicators section.

Consistency: The issuer should use 

consistent methodologies to allow for 

meaningful comparisons of ESG data 

over time.





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

8

9












Kaisa has always taken

 "professionalism, innovation, value, 

responsibility" 

as core corporate values:











● The unremitting pursuit of professional competence and 

core competitiveness is the key for the Company to stay 

ahead of the industry;

● The continuous innovation of product concepts, business 

models, and management methods are the sources of 

power for the sustainable development of the Company;

● Constantly creating value for customers, employees, 

partners, shareholders, and society is the way for the 

Company to realize its own values;

● Employees regard their work as their career and take 

responsibility for the Company on their own initiative;

● The Company regards its business as the mission of a 

corporate citizen and shoulders various responsibilities for 

the country and society.

ABOUT US

Group Profile



Group′s Value

Established in 1999, Kaisa Group Holdings Ltd. is headquartered in Hong Kong and was listed on the Hong Kong 

Stock Exchange in December 2009 (stock code: 1638).

Kaisa is a large-scale comprehensive investment group in China, with more than 20 groups and professional 

companies, over 100 branches and approximately 17,000 employees. Our total assets amount to approximately 

RMB310 billion. Around the world, Kaisa owns 6 listed platforms namely Kaisa Group Holdings (1638.HK), Kaisa 

Prosperity Holdings (2168.HK), Kaisa Health Group (00876.HK), Jiayun Technology (300242.SZ), Nam Tai Property 

(NYSE:NTP), Shuanglin Bio-pharmacy (000403.SZ). Currently, Kaisa’s businesses have covered major economic 

regions such as Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, the coordinated development area of Beijing-

Tianjin-Hebei regions, and the Yangtze River Economic Belt. The Group has entered more than 50 major cities 

across the country. Kaisa's business covers more than 20 industrial fields such as comprehensive development, 

urban renewal, healthcare, culture &amp; leisure, sports, technology, property management, water-way passenger and 

cargo transportation, commercial operations, catering management, hotel operations, technology industry, football 

clubs, international education and so on.

Kaisa implements the development strategy of "real estate + urban renewal + industrial development" as three driving 

forces, and ranks the 24th in the "2021 China Top 100 Real Estate Companies in 2021" (2021 中國房地產百強企業第

24 位 ), and continues to be the "No. 1 Chinese Real Estate Urban Renewal Excellent Enterprise" ( 中國房地產城市更

新優秀企業第一名 ) in 2019-2021. Kaisa has always stood at the height of the city's comprehensive industrial operator. 

With "professionalism, innovation, value, and responsibilities" as core corporate values, we possess a global vision 

with an unwavering spirit of innovation. While having multiple perspectives such as intensive intelligence, green 

and low carbon and quality services, the Group focuses on the development of China's urbanization, and has made 

positive contributions to promoting industrial upgrading, fostering urban development and enhancing urban value.

Over the past 22 years, Kaisa has always regarded social responsibility as our own one. We have funded more 

than 80 charitable projects in poverty alleviation, poverty relief, education, medical care, environmental protection, 

and fighting the epidemic, with a cumulative amount of more than RMB1.6 billion. The Group has also gradually 

established a complete charity platform of "Three Funds and One Foundation" ( 三金一會 ) comprising Kaisa Public 

Welfare Foundation ( 佳兆業公益基金會 ), Kaisa Medical Workers Caring Fund ( 佳兆業白衣天使基金 ), Kaisa Yushu 

Education Fund ( 佳兆業玉樹助學基金 ) and Kaisa Sanitation Workers Caring Fund ( 佳兆業環衛工關愛基金 ). The 

Group continues to promote the advancement of public welfare undertakings through normalized, institutionalized, 

and standardized operating mechanisms.

01





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

10

11










During the Reporting Period,

the Group has set the following long-term targets 

based on the findings of the materiality assessment:

● Promoting the development of green buildings and strengthening 

the practice of green operation

●  Emphasizing on employees' occupational health protection, career 

development, and welfare improvement





Reducing the number 

of days lost due to 

work-related injuries

Increasing the 

average number of 

training hours for 

employees

Reducing employee 

turnover rate

 Increasing the 

number of green 

building projects 

accounted for the 

Groups' total projects

Reducing energy 

consumption per 

square meter of 

building area

Reducing water use 

per square meter of 

building area

Reducing the amount 

of waste generated 

per square meter

THE PATH TO 

SUSTAINABLE 

DEVELOPMENT



Kaisa deeply understands the importance of sustainable development to enterprises and 

society, and the increasing recognition of ESG investment from investors. As a corporate 

citizen, the Group has always been mindful of its social and environmental responsibilities, 

has long attached great importance to sustainable development, and has built a clear 

system of sustainable development governance into its development, creating values for 

all stakeholders. 

We are committed to being a responsible corporate citizen and proactively manage 

the environmental and social impacts of our operations by fulfilling our environmental 

responsibilities and contributing to social projects, so as to create a harmonious and 

inclusive community and create long-term benefits and values for our stakeholders, the 

community, and the environment,  and building a sustainable future together.

The Group′s Board of Directors is responsible for leading and guiding the Group′s ESG 

policies, and continues to work with management to identify, evaluate, and resolve ESG-

related issues. We have formulated the Sustainable Development Strategy. On the one 

hand, we will implement local community development through urban renewal, increase 

land use and improve public supporting facilities; on the other hand, we will increase 

investment in green environmental protection projects to reduce the negative impact 

of operations on the climate and environment. Our Sustainable Development Strategy 

supports eight of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.

02





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

12

13






▶ Reducing negative impacts on the environment

Kaisa attaches great importance to and actively promotes the development of green building, and 

is committed to reducing the environmental impacts from building design to building operation. In 

the early stage of project development, the Group entrusts professional institutions to evaluate the 

surrounding environment and ecology of the construction site and to formulate detailed soil and water 

conservation plans. Besides, during the construction process, the Group preferentially selects energy-

saving and environmentally friendly materials, and adopts advanced and environmentally friendly 

construction equipment and technologies under the engineering design requirements. In addition, 

the Group vigorously promotes the delivery model of refined decoration and strives to reduce 

environmental pollution caused by secondary decoration.

During the Reporting Period, the Group completed 11 green building projects and completed a total of 

2,338,900 square meters of green building certification, an increase of 139.35% from 2019.

▶ Improving community development through urban 

renewal

The Group is deeply involved in the urban renewal business, actively participating in the development 

and operation of China′s urbanization, promoting the upgrading of urban and industries, and 

enhancing the value of the city. In the transformation of urban villages, old industrial areas, old 

commercial areas, and old residential areas, the Group is committed to providing high-quality 

public transportation, municipal roads, public parks, community health centers, public cultural and 

sports facilities, public schools, etc. At the same time, we ensure that a minimum area of 3,000 

square meters, or at least 15% of the total area of each urban renewal project, is allocated for 

basic infrastructure, in accordance with the requirements set out in the Implementation Rules of the 

Shenzhen Urban Renewal Measures (《深圳市城市更新辦法實施細則》), so as to ensure the interests 

of local residents. The Group is also committed to building, refurbishing and maintaining affordable 

housing projects by planning 15-20% of the total residential gross floor area of each urban renewal 

project as affordable housing, which are low-cost housing provided for local people in need.

Sustainable Development Strategy

▶ Sustainable Finance Working Group

In order to select eligible green and/or social projects, the Group 

established a Kaisa Sustainable Finance Working Group (hereinafter 

referred to as “Sustainable Finance Working Group”). The members 

include relevant employees from the project development, sustainability, 

finance, legal, and investor relations functions. The list of shortlisted 

projects will be provided by the Project Development Department and 

then submitted to the Sustainable Finance Working Group for review 

and approval in accordance with internal regulations. The Sustainable 

Finance Working Group will also review the shortlisted projects annually 

and remove those that are no longer eligible.

▶ Sustainable Bonds

Projects shortlisted by 

the Project Development 

Department

Annual revision on 

eligible projects

Review and approval by 

the Sustainable Finance 

Working Group

Under the Framework, the Group issued US$200 million of senior perpetual capital 

securities on September 30, 2020, and a total of US$400 million of sustainable 

development senior notes on December 8, 2020 and December 23, 2020. The Group 

became the first property developer in the Asia-Pacific region to issue sustainable 

development senior notes, and was selected as the "Best Sustainability Bond 2020" in the 

"Triple A Sustainable Capital Markets Regional Awards" organized by The Asset, a well-

known international asset management and investment magazine.

In order to realize the sustainable development concept of Kaisa and promote the 

sustainable development process with green finance as a lever, the Group established 

the Sustainable Finance Framework (hereinafter referred to as the “Framework”) in July 

2020, which obtained the Second Party Opinion on the Sustainable Finance Framework  

by Sustainalytics, an independent rating agency. The Framework aligns with the four core 

components of the Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles, Sustainability Bond 

Guidelines, administered by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA), and the 

Green Loan Principles, administered by the Asia Pacific Loan Market Association (LMA), 

and is applicable to bonds, loans and other financing products. All sustainable financing 

net proceeds will be dedicated to providing partial or full financing or refinancing for new or 

existing eligible green and/or social projects that meets the definition of the Framework.

Sustainable Finance

During the Reporting Period, we tried to adopt sustainable finance for the first time to support the business 

development of the Group and create long-term benefits for society.

 United 

Nations 

Sustainable 

Development 

Goals

 United 

Nations 

Sustainable 

Development 

Goals























Social 

Contribution

Infrastructure 

and basic 

services

Affordable 

housing

Energy 

efficiency

Prevention 

and control of 

pollution

Sustainable 

water resources 

and wastewater 

management

Climate change 

adaption

Renewable energy

Clean 

transportation

 Green 

building

Green 

Contribution

Kaisa's Sustainable Development Strategy supports eight of the United Nations Sustainable 

Development Goals under two main lines and in nine categories:





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

14

15




ANNUAL ESG 

WORK REVIEW

Kaisa has always been committed to promoting sustainable development. In 2020, we have 

received market recognition for many times, improved our performance in a number of 

representative sustainability indicator evaluations, and won different ESG awards. We have also 

been invited to participate in ESG events organized by different organizations.



03

With the Group′s new high in scale, comprehensive improvement in profitability, and continuous advancement 

of the urban public service provider strategy, Kaisa continues to enhance its core competitiveness in multiple 

dimensions such as comprehensive strength, professional fields, and social responsibility, and continuously won 

recognitions and appreciations from the industry and the public. The Group was granted a total of 132 awards 

during the Reporting Period and topped the list of the industry, and won the "Top Award-Winner in China's Real 

Estate Industry in 2020", reaching a new high in brand influence.

Kaisa established the first Sustainable Finance Framework among Mainland real estate companies, and obtained 

the Second Party Opinion on the Sustainable Finance Framework issued by Sustainalytics, an independent rating 

agency, as the certification of sustainable financing, which shows the determination of the Group to continue to 

deepen its development in this field.

Morgan Stanley Capital International ("MSCI"), a world-famous index company, released Kaisa′s latest ESG rating 

report, which upgraded the Group′s ESG rating from "B" to "BB", leading among mainland properties stocks in 

Hang Seng Index, which reflects MSCI′s recognition of our excellent performance in ESG. In this ESG rating, 

the Group received a "low risk" score in terms of corporate governance such as integrity supervision, product 

management, and talent development. This reflects the organization′s recognition of the Group′s corporate 

governance strategy and at the same time demonstrates the Group′s contribution to the society, good supervision 

and management of the internal system and commitment to achieving sustainable development together with the 

country.

Sustainalytics, the world's leading ESG rating and research company, released Kaisa′s latest ESG rating report. 

The Group received a low-risk score of 18.7 points, which is at the "low risk" level. This score ranks first among 

real estate developers in the Asia-Pacific region, which fully reflects the Group′s outstanding performance in ESG.

During the Reporting Period, Kaisa participated in Barclays ESG Fixed Income Virtual Corporate Day to discuss 

and exchange views with investors on ESG-related issues.

Kaisa officially obtained the "Caring Company" certification issued by the Hong Kong Council of Social 

Service, fully affirming the Group’s outstanding performance in caring for society and fulfilling corporate social 

responsibilities by Hong Kong society.

During the 2020 epidemic, the Kaisa Volunteer Team has carried out many voluntary activities in Hong Kong to 

bring warmth to the community, with a total of over 1,000 hours of service throughout the year.

As of the end of December 2020, Kaisa promoted the implementation of 107 poverty alleviation projects, helping 

15 counties and more than 40 poor villages in Guangdong, Guangxi, Qinghai and other provinces, benefiting 

82,000 people in the poor villages.

Hong Kong′s authoritative financial media "Hong Kong Economic Journal" conducted an in-depth study on how 

Kaisa perfectly integrates business development with ESG, and published a series of three issues of Kaisa′s 

ESG special report on the website homepage of "Hong Kong Economic Journal", which received quite some 

responses.

Kaisa donated HK$200 million to the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology in the Reporting Period to 

establish a joint research institute to support research and education.

On "2020 Guangdong Poverty Alleviation and Relief Day", Kaisa once again donated RMB173 million to the 

fight against poverty in Guangdong Province, making us one of Guangdong enterprises with the largest 

accumulated donation amount in the recent four years. The Group has been actively participating in the 

"Guangdong Poverty Alleviation and Relief Day" for ten consecutive years. In recognition of our outstanding 

contribution in poverty alleviation work, the Guangdong Poverty Alleviation and Development Leading Group 

has awarded Kaisa the grand title of "Outstanding Contributing and Caring Enterprise in the 10th Anniversary of 

Guangdong Poverty Alleviation and Relief Day". 

Kwok Hiu Kwan, the executive director of the Group, and Kwok Hiu Ting, the general manager of  administration 

and human resources department of the Group, were appointed as the honorary president of the Guangdong 

Charity Association and the honorary president of the Shenzhen Longgang District Charity Association 

respectively during the Reporting Period. These titles are recognition of Mr. Kwok Hiu Kwan's and Ms. Kwok Hiu 

Ting's long-standing commitment to charity, as well as full recognition of the contribution made by Kaisa in the 

field of public welfare and charity over the years.





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

16

17






Main ESG Awards and Honors

Name of ESG-related Awards

Granting Authority

The Asset ESG Corporate Awards 2020-Titanium Award Winner

The Asset

Best Sustainability Bond 2020

The Asset

Best Investor Relations Team Award

The Asset

ESG Leading Enterprise Award

Bloomberg Businessweek

Listed Enterprises of the Year 2020

Bloomberg Businessweek

ESG Best Case Award for Chinese Enterprises 2020

Shanghai United Media Group, Cailian Press

China ESG Golden Awards 2020-Best Responsibility Progress Award

Sina Finance

2020 ESG Leading Real Estate Listed Company Awards

Hexun.com

2020 Financial Risk Control Model for Real Estate Companies

Hexun.com

Best Listed Company in Greater China 2020-Best IR Team of the Year

Gelonghui 

New Fortune’s Best IR Hong Kong Stock Company

New Fortune

Best Investor Relations Listed Company

Ifeng.com

2020 China Real Estate Targeted Poverty Alleviation Pioneer Award

Times Media Group

2020 Guangdong Province Real Estate Targeted Poverty Alleviation Outstanding Contribution Enterprise

Guangdong Real Estate Association

2020 China Influential Employer of the Year

Guandian Property &amp; Co.

2020 Best Employer Enterprise in China's Real Estate Industry

EH Consulting, Keyan Think Tank

2020 Poverty Alleviation Enterprise

International Finance News by People’s Daily

2020 Social Responsibility Contribution Award

China Business Journal

Outstanding Contributing and Caring Enterprise in the 10th Anniversary of the Guangdong Poverty 

Alleviation and Relief Day

Guangdong Leading Group for Poverty Alleviation and 

Development

2019-2020 China Real Estate Annual Poverty Alleviation Benchmarking Enterprise

China Index Academy Limited, China Real Estate 

TOP10 Research Group

Caring Enterprises Facilitating High-quality Development in Ethnic Areas

Poverty Alleviation and Development Office of 

Guangdong Province, Ethnic and Religious Affairs 

Commission of Guangdong Province

2020 Best Governance Award for Chinese Real Estate Enterprises

Leju 

Respected Company

Institutional Investor

2020 China’s Top 20 Real Estate Urban Renewal and Innovative Power TOP1

Times Media Group

No. 1 among the Top 30 Comprehensive Urban Redevelopment Strength of Chinese Real Estate 

Companies in 2020

China Real Estate Business

Ranked 30th among the Top 500 Chinese Real Estate Development Enterprises in 2020

China Real Estate Association, E-house China R&amp;D 

Institute

2020 China’s Real Estate Urban Redevelopment Leading Brand TOP1

China Index Academy Limited, China Real Estate 

TOP10 Research Group

Benchmarking Enterprise for Financial Stability in 2020

China Business Journal

Ranked 20th in 2020 China’s Top 100 Listed Real Estate Companies in Comprehensive Strength

EH Consulting

2020 Chinese Real Estate Enterprise Brand Value TOP14

EH Consulting

2020 China’s Real Estate Enterprises Comprehensive Strength TOP22

EH Consulting

The 40 Most Respected Enterprises in the 40th Anniversary of Shenzhen Special Economic Zone

Stcn.com

The 40 Most Respected Corporate Figures of the 40th Anniversary of the Shenzhen Special Economic 

Zone-Guo Yingcheng

Stcn.com

Business 

Corporate Benefits

Sustainable Finance

• Issued US$200 million of senior 

perpetual capital securities 

• Issued a total of US$400 million of 

sustainable senior notes 

• The Group's first sustainable 

finance report is attached to this 

Report

1. 

ESG rating

• MSCI ESG Rating upgraded from 'B' to 

'BB'

• Sustainalytics ESG rating of 'Low Risk' 

- 18.7 points

Community 

Building

Community Welfare

• Over the past three years, the 

Group has built over 10 community 

health service centers and over 10 

public schools as part of its urban 

renewal projects.

Community Revitalization

• Since its establishment, Kaisa has 

completed more than 30 urban renewal 

projects, involving urban renewal, land 

preparation, and interests coordination, 

covering a wide range of areas such as 

old towns, old villages, old factories and 

redevelopment of dilapidated buildings.

Charitable Actions

• On "2020 Guangdong Poverty 

Relief Day", Kaisa once again 

donated RMB173 million, 

making us one of Guangdong 

enterprises with the largest 

accumulated donation amount 

in the recent four years.

Environmentally 

Friendly

Green Building and Operation 

Management

• During the Reporting Period, the 

Group obtained green building certifi

cation for 11 projects with a total 

area of 2,338,900 square meters.

• Apart from green buildings, the 

Group also proactively developed 

projects related to sponge cities to 

help allocate water resources and 

tackle flooding problems. 

Business Partners

Building Partnerships

• The Group organized its annual 

Partners of Excellence Summit, 

which was themed "Unite for a Better 

Future" and brought together over 200 

outstanding partners from all over the 

world. At the summit, the Group, with 

a commitment to building a platform 

for cooperation with an open mind,  

commended strategic suppliers who 

have made outstanding contributions 

to us during the Reporting Period.

Technology Incubation

• KMAX, a technology incubation 

platform of the  Kaisa Technology 

I n n o v a t i o n  G r o u p  f o c u s e s  o n 

the incubation of innovative and 

entrepreneurial projects in the fields of 

artificial intelligence, Internet of Things 

and big data.

• During the Reporting Period, there 

were a total of 433 companies in KMAX, 

with technology (artificial intelligence, 

electronic information, IT and Internet) 

accounting for 60% of the total.

Caring For 

Employees

People-oriented

• The Group was awarded the "Best 

Employer Enterprise in China Real 

Estate 2020" for its excellent human 

resources management capabilities 

and innovative management model, 

reflecting the high recognition of the 

Group's human resources management 

and organizational management by 

external organizations.

Talent Training and Development

• Percentage of employees trained: 

100%

• Average number of hours of training 

completed per employee: 18 hours

Diversity and Inclusion

• Ratio of male to female 

employees (women to men): 

1:2

Performance Highlights

1Please refer to the chapter on Allocation of Sustainable Bonds for further details.





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

18

19














FIGHTING THE EPIDEMIC 

AND RESPONDING 

PROACTIVELY

At the beginning of the new year in 2020, the COVID-19 epidemic has quietly spread, pulling at 

people’s heartstrings. Kaisa quickly responded to the epidemic prevention and control requirements 

of the country and governments at all levels, took the initiative to act, fulfilled its responsibilities 

to protect public health, and fulfilled its corporate social responsibility. In addition to urgently 

mobilizing funds and materials to directly fight the epidemic, the Group also fully participated in the 

fight against and protection of the epidemic within the scope of its operations, proactively finding 

out the actual needs of various stakeholders during this period, and cooperated with stakeholders 

including owners, tenants, customers, partners, etc., to help each other.

04

20

21










▶ Material Support, Promotion 

of Epidemic Prevention and 

Control

For 10 consecutive years, Kaisa has participated 

in poverty alleviation work in Guangdong Province, 

and has been concerned about the impacts of the 

COVID-19 epidemic on the targeted poverty alleviation 

sites, and has immediately offered assistance to the 

targeted poverty alleviation sites to fight against the 

epidemic.

Kaisa donated 30,000 masks to Longtian, Longmen 

County, Huizhou City for the prevention and control 

of the COVID-19 epidemic, and 3 sets of village 

communication intelligent monitoring and broadcasting 

systems of the Extending Radio and TV Broadcasting 

Coverage to Every Village Project

2 to help promote the 

prevention and control of the epidemic in rural areas. 

With the support of Guangdong Charity Federation, the 

Group coordinated the donation of 4 tons of chlorine 

dioxide disinfectant tablets to Shangdong Village, 





On February 13, 2020, the Group donated 5,000 sets of 

protective clothing to 11 hospitals in Wuhan, Hubei, and 

2.5 tons of disinfectant to the Management Committee 

of Xiaogan Airport Economic Zone.

On February 8, 2020, Kaisa Hainan Group purchased 

100,000 catties of vegetables, delivered from Sanya, 

Hainan to Wuhan, Hubei, where the epidemic was the most 

severe, and provided to the people of Wuhan for free.

To pay tribute to the “heroes” on the front line of the 

fight against the epidemic, on February 20, 2020, 

Camilla Chinese Cuisine delivered meticulously 

cooked dishes to the staff of the Department of 

Respiratory Medicine of Peking University Shenzhen 

Hospital, and provided free loving meals to the 

white-clothed angels on the front line, appreciating 

them for serving the public on the front line.







Lantian Yao Ethnic Group Countryside, Longmen Town; Tianwei Village; Xipu Village; Chenguang Village, Pingling 

Street; Zutang Village and Xiaotang Village in Longtian Town for the prevention and control of the epidemic and daily 

environmental hygiene work in the poor villages.

Resuming Operation and Work

▶ Smart Anti-epidemic Solution

Kaisa believes that the only way to better combat the COVID-19 epidemic is to work together with all sectors. The 

Company has set up a dedicated development team to jointly launch the “Smart Community Epidemic Prevention 

System” to help community managers at the frontline of epidemic prevention and control by leveraging the core 

technologies of artificial intelligence, ubiquitous electric Internet of Things, and big data of both companies.

C-end

Smart 

Community 

Epidemic 

Prevention 

System

Individual 

Declaration

Community 

Screening

Medical 

Consultation

Access QR  

Code

Camera Mask 

Inspection through 

Cameras

Smart temperature 

measurement

Epidemic Tracking

Key Personnel 

Screening

B-end

2Extending Radio and TV Broadcasting Coverage to Every Village Project is a national system project that includes: roads, electricity, 

domestic and drinking water, telephone network, cable TV network, Internet, etc.

The “Smart Community Epidemic 

Prevention System” consists of a C-end 

and a B-end. The C-end is mainly 

for community residents and medical 

personnel, providing functions such as self-

reporting, passing QR codes, community 

screening, medical reporting, and online 

consultation; the B-end is mainly for 

community managers and government 

regulatory organizations, combining 

intelligent technology and other means 

to carry out data management and assist 

communities in fine management of 

epidemic prevention work.

Rescuing from the Epidemic

▶ Donation

Kaisa donated a total of RMB 10 million to Wuhan Charity Federation and Xiaogan Charity Federation respectively, 

and also donated RMB 300,000 to Jiangyan District Charity Association of Taizhou City, Jiangsu Province to help 

fight the COVID-19 epidemic.

▶ Protecting People’s Livelihood

For the community’s livelihood and material support, Kaisa is also taking actions:

● The Group donated 5,000 sets of protective clothing to 11 hospitals in Wuhan, Hubei, and 2.5 tons of disinfectant 

to the Management Committee of Airport Economic Zone of Xiaogan City, Hubei to fully support the anti-epidemic 

work in various places.

● Kaisa Prosperity carried out a comprehensive disinfection work in its communities, proactively procuring daily 

supplies for quarantined owners, clearing and transporting garbage, and providing safety guarantees for the 

community′s epidemic prevention.

● Businesses supporting people′s livelihood such as the commercial supermarkets under the Kaisa Commercial 

Group insisted on normal operations to ensure an orderly life for the general public.

● Kaisa Hainan Group purchased 100,000 catties of vegetables, delivered from Sanya, Hainan to Wuhan, Hubei, 

where the epidemic was the most severe, and provided to the people of Wuhan for free.





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

22

23




▶ Supporting the Public

The ongoing outbreak of COVID-19 has had a direct impact on people′s ability and willingness to spend. The Group 

responded swiftly and participated in the protection and control against the epidemic within its operations, covering 

its communities, shopping centers, hotels, centralized long-term rental apartments, and office areas across the 

country.

●  Kaisa Commercial Group and Kaisa Culture Sports &amp; Technology Group waived the rent of their shopping centers 

and operating venues for 15 days. 

●  Kaisa Technology Innovation Group waived one month′s rent for tenants of long-term rental apartments affected by 

the epidemic and customers of its own property KMAX. 

● Kaisa Hotel Group offered free cancellation and refund services to customers who have made reservations.

In addition to providing the venue, Kaisa Culture Sports &amp; Technology Group also provided free sports training 

courses. The Group actively participated in the “Warmth for the Heroes” sports care project initiated by the Shenzhen 

Urban Sports Development Foundation and provided two sessions of sports training courses, including soccer, 

basketball, badminton, swimming, etc., worth nearly RMB300,000 for the medical personnel from Shenzhen, who 

went to Hubei to support, or their spouses and children.

At the same time, Kaisa Lefire, a one-stop service platform for youth and children's quality education under Kaisa 

Culture Sports &amp; Technology Group, also provided free training for the children of medical personnel from Shenzhen 

in the front line of epidemic prevention and support in Hubei, including soccer, basketball, badminton, swimming, etc. 

More than 100 children of medical personnel received free training services.





▶ Resuming Work in an Orderly Manner

With the situation of the COVID-19 epidemic under control, Kaisa has launched the restoration of work in an orderly 

manner, taking multiple measures to strictly follow the requirements of governments at all levels to strictly prevent 

and control the epidemic, and to promote the restoration of work in an orderly manner to restore normal socio-

economic operations so as to reduce the impacts of the epidemic. To ensure a smooth restoration of work, the Group 

implemented various measures to prevent and control the epidemic on a regular basis, insisting on daily disinfection 

of common areas and toilets in resumed workplaces such as offices and sales centers, and requiring employees. to 

wear masks in their work areas to consolidate the results of epidemic prevention and control and protect the health 

and safety of employees.

For construction personnel returning to work, Kaisa proactively cooperates with the epidemic prevention authorities 

in various provinces and only allows entry of personnel without coughing or fever during the 14-day isolation period. 

The Group's construction sites are closed to the public, while the living, office, and operation areas are disinfected at 

regular intervals. The entry and exit of staff are registered, so as to prevent people from entering or leaving the sites 

without having their body temperature checked. At the same time, the Group has established a special health file 

for returning employees. All returning employees are required to fill in an admission undertaking and make detailed 

records of their personal information, health status, activity trajectory, route of return to work, mode of transportation, 

and health code.

▶ Free Services

Kaisa is very concerned about the physical and mental health of the medical personnel, who travelled from Shenzhen 

to Hubei to support, and their families, and thus has prepared cultural and sports-related activities for them.

During the period from April 1 to December 31, 2020, Kaisa Culture Sports &amp; Technology Group launched a special 

campaign called “Great Love for Doctors, A Great Gift for People” to pay tribute to health care workers fighting 

against the epidemic by arranging 14 of its venues to provide free fitness services and discounts for health care 

workers in the regions, in Hubei and overseas. The event served in total a few thousands of health care workers in 

the fight against the epidemic.









Disinfection in office areas

One-to-one reception by consultants in the sales office, with a strict safety distance of 1 meter or more

Restoration of work and production in Wuhan, entry 

permitted only at normal body temperature

▶ Channels Established 

In addition to helping the public to resume work, Kaisa has also developed channels to support the recovery of its 

own business.

The Group proactively made use of various online marketing channels including online live streaming and proprietary 

sales platforms – a WeChat application “Kaisa-your dream house ( 築夢佳 )” and a mobile application “Kaisa-your 

new house ( 置業佳 )” and collaborated with various major property sales platforms through both online and offline 

channels and VR house viewing, providing more powerful tools for our employees, while opening up more convenient 

channels for customers in need.





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

24

25












OPEN 

COMMUNICATION

05





26

27




The table below summarizes our communication channels with stakeholders, and our concerns and action plans in place.

Stakeholder 

Group

Communication 

Ways/Channels

Key Concerns

Our Action Plans

Shareholders 

and investors

General meetings

Annual and interim 

reports  

Analyst meetings

Emails 

Investor hotline and 

meetings

Maintain profitability 

Formulate sustainable 

development policy 

Transparency of the 

Company’s information

Protection of rights and 

interest of shareholders 

and investors

Convene regular general meetings

Convene board meetings

Meeting with investors

Make disclosure on-time in 

accordance with law

The 

government

● Public consultation                                        

● Seminars                               

● Reports                                             

● Online survey                           

● Interviews

Ensure operational 

compliance

Pay taxes in compliance with 

laws

Respond to national 

policies

Support local development

Promote employment

Facilitate urban development plans

Comply with the national laws and 

regulations

Create more job opportunities

Pay taxes in full and on time

Employees

Staff activities and  

mailboxes

Company’s intranet

Online opinion 

survey

● Career development

● Training opportunities

● Compensation benefits

● Corporate culture

● Health and safety

Continue to optimize the training 

and development system, covering 

professional development, 

occupational skills and safety 

regulations

Understand employees’ personal 

development needs and appraising 

their performance in an impartial and 

objective manner

Provide competitive remuneration 

package

Provide psychological counseling

Stakeholder 

Group

Communication 

Ways/Channels

Key Concerns

Our Action Plans

Customers/

Tenants

Collect feedbacks 

on services

Return visits

Customer 

satisfaction survey

High-quality products and 

after-sales services

Comfortable living 

experience

Protection of privacy

Regulate and standardize products 

and services

Conduct regular satisfaction survey

Promptly handle customer complaints

Ensure protection of customers′ 

privacy

Suppliers

Supplier 

performance review 

and evaluation

Online opinion 

survey

Transparent procurement 

procedures

Business integrity

Performance of contract

On-time payment

Conduct routine communication

Implement fair and ethical business 

practice

Provide suppliers with equal 

opportunities

Comply with contractual provisions

Communities

Community 

charitable activities

Voluntary activities

Investment in public 

welfare

Green operation

Participation of community 

building

Care about the vulnerable 

groups

Charity foundation establishment 

Encourage employees to participate in 

voluntary activities

Organize charitable events

Integrate green concept and 

environmental protection elements 

into designs

Maintaining close communication with our stakeholders 

helps the Group to determine our sustainable 

development approach and management strategy. We 

have been actively communicating with our stakeholders 

through various channels to understand their concerns 

and expectations, and based on these, we take them 

into full consideration in our daily operation and decision-

making process to seriously improve our long-term 

development strategy, so as to achieve mutual progress 

and development of the enterprise and society.

Communication

with Stakeholders









SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

28

29








The results of the materiality assessment are shown in the following materiality matrix.

The 12 key ESG issues and their corresponding response chapters as a result of the materiality assessment are as 

follows:

Aspect

Key ESG Issue

Response Chapter

Environmental

Pollutant emissions

ENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY

Use of water resources

Green Operation and Strict Saving Practice

Green building

Green Technology Smart Building

Energy efficiency

Green Operation and Strict Saving Practice

Use of construction materials

Green Construction and Ecological Conservation

Social

Occupational health and safety

Health and Safety

Product quality and safety

Stick to the Original Intention of Quality

Customer data privacy and security

Dedicated to Maintain Relationship with Customers

Employee development

Training and Development

Equal opportunities

Rights and Welfare

Employee welfare

Rights and Welfare

Community engagement

COMMUNITY BUILDING

Step 1: Identifying potential ESG issues

The Group revisited its sustainability issues pool and identified a total of 19 

potential ESG issues (8 environmental and 11 social) with reference to the 

disclosure requirements of the Guide, peer benchmarking analysis, Kaisa′s 

business characteristics and daily operations to form a pool of sustainability 

issues for 2020.

Materiality 

Assessment

In order to respond to the stakeholders' 

evolving expectations of sustainability in 

a timely manner, the Group continued 

to conduct materiality assessments 

during the Reporting Period to identify 

ESG issues that are material to the 

Group and our stakeholders, which 

provide an important basis for the 

Group's sustainability management and 

the determination of the scope of this 

Report. The following is the materiality 

assessment process:

01

02

03

04

▶

▶

▶

▶

Step 2: Prioritization

The Group invited internal and external stakeholders, including directors, 

management, shareholders and investors, government, employees, 

customers, suppliers, communities, and tenants, to participate in an online 

survey to rank the materiality of potential ESG issues in the sustainability 

issues pool.

Step 3: Materiality assessment

The Group has obtained a total of 11 significant ESG issues (scoring 5 or 

above on each of the two dimensions) based on a comprehensive review of 

the materiality of each issue on the dimensions of "Importance to Kaisa" and 

"Importance to Stakeholders".

Step 4: Review the results

The Board reviewed and verified these key ESG issues in the context 

of the Group's business development and made targeted disclosures in 

subsequent chapters of this Report to address the concerns of stakeholders.

Having reviewed the results of the 2020 Materiality Assessment, the Board has identified the “community 

engagement” as a social issue which is material to Kaisa during the Reporting Period and has therefore directly 

identified “community engagement” as a material ESG issue.

This Report will highlight the progress and results of our work on 12 key ESG issues, while other issues will also be 

disclosed in a compliance manner to enable stakeholders to have a comprehensive understanding of our work in 

different areas.

Importance to Kaisa

Importance to Stakeholders

Environmental

Social

Complaint management

Greenhouse gas emission

Supply chain management

Community Engagement

Prevention of child 

labour and forced 

labour

Managing environmental 

and natural resource risks

Waste 

management

Employee welfare

Equal opportunities

Energy efficiency

Material topics

Customer data privacy 

and security

Use of construction 

materials

Product quality and safety

Use of water 

resources

Pollutant emissions

Occupational 

health and 

safety

Green building

Employee development

Anti-corruption

Materiality Matrix of Kaisa 2020



SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

30

31












COMMUNITY BUILDING

As a city operator that has been making unremitting efforts to improve the living environment 

and build a happy life, Kaisa has been exploring and innovating, advocating a green and healthy 

working and living concept. While expanding its business, Kaisa has taken practical actions to 

ensure the development of public welfare and services, such as education, medical care, culture 

and sports, and affordable housing to continuously promote the development of public welfare 

undertakings, enhancing the social value of the project, realizing urban renewal, and thus creating 

more shared values.

06



32

33


Kaisa regards urban renewal

3 as the core development engine of the Company and believes that urban renewal is an 

important way to realize shared value. Over the past 21 years, Kaisa has successfully completed more than 30 urban 

renewal projects, involving urban renewal, land preparation, and interests coordination, covering a wide range of 

areas such as old towns, old villages, old factories, and redevelopment of dilapidated buildings. The Group’s projects 

adopt a mixed development approach, providing a variety of public facilities and sites for public use while bringing 

economic benefits to the projects and enhancing community building benefits

 

480,000

square meters of affordable 

housing 

320,000

square meters have been 

built 

160,000

square meters are 

under construction

4

In the course of urban renewal, the Group actively responds to policy planning and people’s 

aspirations by building public service facilities in education, healthcare, culture and sports, as well 

as subsidized housing for low- and middle-income families with housing difficulties at a limited price 

or rent, according to local conditions.

▶ Basic Infrastructure and Essential Services

Kaisa subsidizes the construction, renovation, and maintenance of basic infrastructure facilities and essential 

services, such as public schools, public hospitals, public cultural and sports facilities, etc. The projects are managed 

by the government and are open to the public. A minimum area of 3,000 square meters, or at least 15% of the total 

area of each urban renewal project, is allocated for basic infrastructure, in accordance with the Implementation Rules 

of Shenzhen Urban Renewal Measures (《深圳市城市更新辦法實施細則》).

In the past three years,the urban renewal projects have provided

In the past three years,the Group's urban renewal projects have involved building 

10+

10+

community health 

public schools

service centers 



3 Urban renewal involves partial or overall, step-by-step transformation and renewal of the entire physical living environment of the old city, 

including roads, road networks, utilities, and communication facilities, as well as the improvement of its firefighting, travel, production, labor, 

living, service, and rest conditions.

4The figures disclosed here are based on projections made during the design phases of the projects.

▶ Affordable Housing

Kaisa subsidizes the construction, refurbishment and maintenance of affordable housing in residential developments. 

The affordable housing takes up 15-20% of the residential gross floor area of each urban renewal project, and the 

housing provided in these projects are for people in need who meet the local government's criteria for renting or 

purchasing low-cost housing. 





Serving the City, 

Community Reengineering



SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

34

35








▶ Key Project Overview















Yantian Relocation Project

The Shenzhen Yantian No.3 &amp; No. 4 Village, Xishanxia Village, and Xiaobu Village Community Relocation Project 

(“Yantian Comprehensive Relocation Project”) is the first urban renewal and off-site relocation project in Shenzhen 

to be put out to tender, involving 13 natural villages, a precedent for large-scale relocation in Shenzhen. Kaisa has 

renewed 265,600 square meters of land, providing a total of 470,000 square meters of gross floor area for the return of 

indigenous residents. On 27 November 2020, Shanhai City Phase 2 (Xishanxia Garden) and Phase 3 (Yuehai Garden) 

of the Home Returning Scheme were officially launched, providing a total of 1,344 residential units.

Pinghu Old Town Project

The GX01 Urban Renewal Unit 1 (“Pinghu Old Town Project”) 

of Pinghu Street, Longgang District, Shenzhen is located in the 

central area of Pinghu and is one of the 70 historical projects in 

Shenzhen. Before the renewal, there was a mix of residential 

and industrial buildings in the old village of Pinghu, which was 

crowded and chaotic, posing a safety hazard.

Through urban renewal, Kaisa has integrated space, adjusted the 

layout of the sites, improved public facilities, recreated a pleasant 

community, and reshaped the image of Pinghu’s central area. 

With a planned gross floor area of 475,000 square meters, the 

project covered a wide range of commercial, residential, office and 

flat developments, as well as public facilities such as nurseries, 

homes for the elderly, public green spaces and public squares, 

bringing a more convenient, enriched and humanistic “one-stop” 

living experience to all returning owners. On 19 November 2020, 

the first phase of the Pinghu Old town project, Kaisa Plaza, was 

launched. 830 units of re-housing will be delivered to owners.

Shenzhen Kaisa International Fintech Center

Formerly part of the old residential buildings in Nan Yuan 

New Village, Shenzhen Kaisa International Fintech Center 

was included as one of the major construction projects 

in Shenzhen’s 12th Five-Year Plan. It is located at the 

intersection of Shennan Avenue and Shangbu Road in 

Futian District, Shenzhen. The building is approximately 

258 meters in height, with 50 floors above the ground and 

4 floors below the ground, and a total gross floor area of 

approximately 130,000 square meters, which is expected to 

put in use in 2022.

As a new era of business landmark in Shenzhen, 

Shenzhen Kaisa International Fintech Center has 

extracted the essence of global landmark architectures 

and adopted the design concept of “cooperation and 

cohesion” to make the building in the shape of multiple 

chopsticks converging into the clouds and elegantly 

presenting itself along Shennan Avenue. The value 

of Shenzhen Kaisa International Fintech Center is that 

it has changed the traditional business concept and 

innovatively created a vertical urban landmark with 

super Grade A business and commercial center, shared 

conference center, staff restaurant, sky garden and sky 

lobby, etc. It has been awarded LEED Gold Certification 

and National Green Building 3-stars Certification.

Integrated Deployment and Technology Innovation

With a strong emphasis on building value chains, Kaisa insists on laying out its business in different industries and formulating a 

business strategy which integrate urban renewal with integrated development, industrial operations, ancillary operations, wealth 

management, and culture and tourism in an orderly manner. We believe that by establishing an ecological system along the entire value 

chain, including urban planning and design, industrial resource integration, development and construction, investment and operation, 

and financial services, we can help communities upgrade and bring more value to the relevant stakeholders. At the same time, in an 

era of constant technological innovation, we are committed to promoting the organic combination of technological advancement and 

industrial innovation to drive the sustainable development of the Group.



▶ Promoting Sports and Culture, Entering 

e-Sports

The Kaisa Culture Sports &amp; Technology Group under Kaisa is responsible for the 

operation of 26 iconic sports and cultural venues, including the Shenzhen Universiade 

Center, Shenzhen Nanshan Sports and Cultural Center, Wuhan Five Rings Sports 

Center, Hangzhou Xiaoshan Guali Culture and Sports Center, Guangxi Guigang 

Sports Center, and Jiangsu Nantong Haian Sports Center. With an operating area of 

more than 2.55 million square meters, we provide sport services, including football, 

basketball, tennis, volleyball, badminton, table tennis, and swimming. During the 

Reporting Period, the Group was awarded the provincial award for sports industry for the 

second consecutive year, and the French Super Cup, and the Elite Sailing International 

Federation World Tour - China Open Table Tennis Tournament (Shenzhen), which were 

organized by the Group, were recognized as the Guangdong Province Sports Industry 

Demonstration Project.



Original view

Actual view after 

capping the core cylinder

Rendering view

Kaisa Shanhai City Phase 2&amp;3

Home Returning Launching Ceremony

A new landmark in the Pinghu area

Home Returning to Kaisa Plaza

In December 2020, the Guangdong 

Sports Bureau awarded the Guangdong 

Province Sports Industry Demonstration 

Project to the Kaisa Culture Sports &amp; 

Technology Group.



SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

36

37












FINA Champion Swimming Series (Shenzhen) at Shenzhen 

Universiade Center in January 2020

“2020 League of Legends Global 

Finals” offline charity event

The second “National Chinese 

Chess Qualifier” tournament in 2020 

was watched by millions of people 

across the internet

In October 2020, Kaisa officially 

entered the e-sports industry. Kaisa 

Culture Sports &amp; Technology Group 

has fully deployed e-sports clubs, 

built professional e-sports venues, 

and launched international e-sports 

events. The Kaisa Culture Sports 

&amp; Technology Group successfully 

held the “2020 League of Legends 

Global Finals” free offline charity 

event at the Shenzhen Universiade 

Center, gaining high attention 

from the industry and players. In 

addition, Kaisa Culture and Sports 

Technology Group presented the 

“National Chinese Chess Qualifier”, 

China’s top chess IP tournament, 

inviting the best chess players 

in China to participate in the 

tournament and live streaming the 

tournament through various online 

platforms, gaining the attention of 

tens of millions of people across the 

internet. For the next step, Kaisa 

Culture and Sports Technology 

Group will join hands with Shenzhen 

World Sports Culture Co Ltd to build 

the Kaisa E-Sports Center, which is 

expected to be completed in 2021.



In 2020, due to the impact of the COVID-19 epidemic, the operating sports and cultural venues of the Kaisa Culture 

Sports &amp; Technology Group were closed from 24 January to late March, with each venue open for public welfare 

for an average of 150 days. All the venues in operation have received nearly 500,000 free visits from the public and 

conducted over 220 public welfare activities.

Meanwhile, the Kaisa Culture 

Sports &amp; Technology Group 

has been actively responding to 

the rising needs of the general 

public for sports and culture, 

and is committed to promoting 

the quality development of the 

city’s cultural and sports industry. 

2020 FINA Champion Swimming 

Series (Shenzhen) was held at the 

Shenzhen Universiade Swimming 

Stadium operated by the Kaisa 

Culture Sports &amp; Technology Group 

in January 2020. This is a brand-

new event launched by FINA in 

2019 and is the most important 

world class swimming competition 

after the Olympic Games and the 

World Championships. Many top 

athletes from 26 countries and 

regions, including China, the United 

States, Russia, Hungary, and Brazil, 

participated in the event, presenting 

a high standard of international 

swimming competition to the 

general public.

▶ Industry Empowerment, Technology Incubation

With technology innovation as the driving force, in-depth integration of resources as the support, and technology 

industries as the carrier, Kaisa is committed to building an integrated platform for the industrial value chain through 

the operation of parks, technology incubation, and research and development of intelligent products. As at the end 

of the Reporting Period, Kaisa has successfully completed a number of park projects, including Kaisa Xingdong 

Technology Innovation Park (Shenzhen), Kaisa Technology Innovation City (Niugu Ling project), and Kaisa Airport 

Science and Technology City.

KMAX is an innovation and technology incubation platform under Kaisa Technology Innovation Group, focusing on 

the incubation of innovative and entrepreneurial projects in the fields of artificial intelligence, Internet of Things and 

big data. Currently, KMAX has established a presence in key cities across China, holding more than 10 operating 

spaces with a total of over 60,000 square meters:

Targeting the two frontier areas 

of artificial intelligence and new 

materials, a high-end service brand 

has been built to launch technology 

investment business with capital 

and platforms.

A business matrix for innovation 

and entrepreneurship services has 

been built and a technology service 

platform has been created, providing 

technology services, investment 

and financing services, and industry 

resource matching services.

The technology incubation space 

is operated in a light-asset oriented 

manner, with a focus on the high-

end gathering areas of technology 

and innovation elements in first 

tier and new first-tier cities, and 

the deployment of incubation and 

acceleration platforms.

Space operation

Technology 

services

Technology 

investment

▶

▶

▶





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

38

39








Highly integrated multi-sensor synchronization system for driverless security surveillance

Smart Park Management System with integrated indoor and outdoor locations

High flow porous UHMWPE desalination film

Development of low cost, high efficiency, high temperature resistant selective solar heat 

absorbing film and its application in energy efficient buildings 

Development of materials for organic photovoltaic and indoor applications

During the Reporting Period,

there were 433 companies in KMAX

During the Reporting Period, 

the Group has completed the funding to the first batch of 

five projects of the HKUST-Kaisa Joint Research Institute:

technology (artificial 

intelligence, electronic 

information, IT 

and Internet, etc.)

60%

22%

9%

4%

5%

services(advertising media, 

finance, management consulting, 

etc.) 

e-commerce

others

education

At the same time, the Group established the Joint International Innovation Center for 

Artificial Intelligence and the Joint Innovation Center for New Materials with Tongji 

University and Southern University of Science and Technology respectively.

In addition, Kaisa has always attached importance to technology research 

and development and application. With the objective of “accelerating the 

transformation of technological achievements and promoting industrialization”, 

Kaisa has joined hands with renowned tertiary institutions to attract top-tier 

international educational resources and set up an operational capability with 

emphasis on technology incubation. At present, Kaisa has donated HK$200 

million to the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (HKUST), and 

jointly established the HKUST-Kaisa Joint Research Institute, focusing on four 

major areas: new materials, Internet of Things (artificial intelligence), big data, 

and health technology, and introducing Kaisa’s own smart Internet of Things, 

new materials, artificial intelligence and health technology industries to various 

industrial projects. The HKUST-Kaisa Joint Research Institute will accelerate the 

flow of science and technology resources from Hong Kong to Shenzhen, further 

enrich the connotation of scientific and technological research and development 





and innovation and entrepreneurship incubation in Shenzhen, practically promote the in-depth integration of industry, 

academia and research, vigorously incubate and nurture innovative high-tech enterprises, and promote the construction of 

Shenzhen as an early demonstration zone of socialism.

Through the establishment of a poverty Through the establishment of a poverty alleviation company, the creation of 

a poverty alleviation “special task force”, and the exploration of a new path for sustainable development in poverty 

alleviation in accordance with local conditions, Kaisa has been participating in the poverty alleviation work in depth 

by focusing on the three main areas of rural infrastructure, industrial poverty alleviation, and education poverty 

alleviation. With the EPC (Engineering Procurement Construction) model of poverty alleviation and the long-term 

mechanism of “blood transfusion” and “blood creation”, Kaisa has successfully led the people in the poor villages to 

fight poverty and increase their income.

Without community engagement and the support from the community, there will be no steady and strong development for 

Kaisa. The Group has actively assumed the role of a corporate citizen, listening and responding to the expectations of the 

communities in which it operates in a timely manner, and is committed to social welfare, promoting community building 

and sharing the fruits of corporate development with the community through practical actions.

In accordance with Regulations on the Management of Foundations published by the State Council( 國務院《基金

會管理條例》) and the Regulations of the Constitution of Shenzhen Kaisa Charity Foundation  (《深圳市佳兆業公益基

金會章程規定》), and in line with the objective of “Funding outstanding public welfare projects and promoting social 

equality and harmony”, the Management System for External Donations of Kaisa Group Holdings (《佳兆業集團控股

對外捐贈管理制度》) was formulated to standardize and clarify the internal approval and management of the Group’s 

external donation activities and to ensure an efficient and smooth workflow.

Passionate about Public Welfare and Promoting 

Social Well-being

Determined to poverty alleviation and revitalizing 

the villages

▶ Rural Infrastructure

▶Poverty Alleviation Through 

Industries

The Group has been promoting the construction of beautiful villages 

by building bridges over water and opening roads over mountains. In 

Shangdong Village, Tianwei Village, Xipu Village, Xiaotang Village, 

Chenguang Village and Zutang Village in Longmen, Huizhou City, 

the company has donated 93 rural infrastructure projects, including 

habitat improvement, running water and sewage treatment, sanitation 

stations, homes for the elderly, and renovation of dilapidated houses, 

which have effectively made up for the shortcomings of infrastructure 

and public services in poor villages and successfully built the road to 

prosperity.

Poverty alleviation through industries is the fundamental solution 

to achieve stable poverty alleviation. Through the three innovative 

approaches of “Internet + Poverty Alleviation”, “Building Poverty 

Alleviation Bases”, and “Developing Modern Agriculture”, Kaisa 

deeply promotes the implementation of industrial poverty alleviation 

projects, forming a closed-loop model of “Poverty Alleviation 

Company + Professional Planting Enterprise + Farmers’ Co-operative 

+ Kaisa Sales”, taking the development path of “intensification, 

boutique and branding”, broadening the scope of value-added and 

efficiency enhancement of rural agriculture, and striving to realize 

the fundamental goal of fighting poverty and achieve prosperity. The 

goal is to broaden the scope for value-added rural agriculture and to 

realize the fundamental goal of poverty alleviation.









SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

40

41




▶ Education for Poverty Alleviation

▶ Kaisa Volunteer Team

▶ Committed to pu-

blic welfare and 

sharing the outcome

▶ Donations for poverty

The Group’s efforts in poverty alleviation are based on the “Will and Wisdom” approach to interrupt the 

intergenerational transmission of poverty and to win the battle against poverty. In the past three years, the Group has 

donated nine rural education infrastructures in poverty-stricken areas and set up special funds, including the Meizhou 

Centennial Vocational School, the Qinghai Yushu Education Fund, the Huizhou Longmen Huilong Education Fund, 

and the Puning Tieshan Education Fund, to directly subsidize the education of thousands of children in poverty on 

a long-term basis. In addition, the Kaisa (Longtian) Center Nursery School, which was donated and constructed by 

Kaisa, has been officially opened in 2020.

During the epidemic in 2020, the Kaisa Volunteer Team has carried out many volunteer activities in Hong Kong to 

bring warmth to the community, with a total of over 1,000 hours of service.

The grassroots elderly and young people were the target of the team’s care, and in June 2020, the team launched 

a volunteer activity in Hong Kong under the theme of “Love in the Dragon Boat Festival - Fighting the Epidemic 

Together”. Under the premise of strict epidemic prevention and safety, the team visited 100 singleton elderly 

households in Tai Wo Hau Estate, Kwai Tsing District, Hong Kong, and distributed carefully prepared healthcare 

packages to give them festive greetings and care. In September 2020, the team visited the Hong Kong Society for 

the Aged and presented a donation cheque to support its “Home Improvement Programme for Families with Elderly 

Persons”. At the same time, when the schools started in September 2020, the team visited the Fresh Fish Traders’ 

School, a grassroots school in Hong Kong, to distribute anti-epidemic and stationery packs to 300 primary school 

students and masks to all teachers.

In the course of actively participating 

in social welfare undertakings, 

Kaisa has gradually built up a 

comprehensive public welfare 

platform, successfully establishing 

the Kaisa Charity Foundation in May 

2011, and setting up fund platforms 

such as the White Angel Care 

Fund, the Yushu Scholarship Fund, 

and the Environmental Hygiene 

Workers’ Care Fund. By the end of 

December 2020, Kaisa has donated 

over RMB1.6 billion to 80 charitable 

projects.

In 2020, the Kaisa Culture Sports &amp; Technology Group launched a 

nationwide public welfare campaign to monitor the physical fitness of more 

than 30,000 people across China, providing free measurements of more 

than 10 physical fitness indicators such as height and weight, blood pressure 

and lung capacity to assess the physical fitness of the subjects and give 

them scientific exercise advice.

In June 2020, the Kaisa Volunteer Team visited 100 

elderly families living alone in Tai Wo Hau Estate, Kwai 

Tsing District, Hong Kong and distributed healthcare 

packages to them.

In September 2020, the Kaisa Volunteer Team visited 

the Fresh Fish Traders’ School, a grassroots school in 

Hong Kong, and distributed anti-epidemic and stationery 

gift packs to 300 primary school students and donated 

masks to all teachers.

On 30 June 2020, during the "2020 Guangdong Poverty Alleviation and Relief Day" 

event, Kaisa once again donated RMB173 million, of which RMB133 million and 

RMB40 million in Guangdong Province's and Shenzhen City's activity site respectively, 

to be fully used in the fight against poverty in Guangdong Province,  making us one 

of Guangdong enterprises with the largest accumulated donation amount in the 

recent four years. The Group has been actively participating in the event for ten 

consecutive years. In recognition of our outstanding contribution to precise poverty 

alleviation work, the Guangdong Poverty Alleviation and Development Leading 

Group has awarded Kaisa as "Outstanding Contributing and Caring Enterprise in the 

10th Anniversary of the Guangdong Poverty Alleviation and Relief Day", giving full 

recognition to our past poverty alleviation and relief work.

During the Reporting Period, Kwok Hiu Kwan, the executive director of the Group, 

and Kwok Hiu Ting, the general manager of administration and human resources 

department of the Group, were appointed as the honorary president of the Guangdong 

Charity Association and the honorary president of the Shenzhen Longgang District 

Charity Association respectively. These titles are recognition of Mr. Kwok Hiu 

Kwan's and Ms. Kwok Hiu Ting's long-standing commitment to charity, as well as full 

recognition of the contribution made by Kaisa in the field of public welfare and charity 

over the years.





Case: Poverty Alleviation in Guangdong Province

Case: National Physical Fitness Monitoring Campaign

On 28 November 2020, at the “China Danxia Mountain Poverty Alleviation Charity 

Walk”, Kaisa donated RMB10 million to Shendushui Yao Ethnic Group Village in 

Shixing County, Shaoguan City, Guangdong Province, to fully support the poverty 

alleviation work in the ethnic minority areas in northern Guangdong Province, and was 

awarded the honor of “Caring Enterprise for Quality Development of Ethnic Regions” 

by the Guangdong Poverty Alleviation and Development Office and the Guangdong 

Ethnic and Religious Affairs Commission.









Awarded the “Outstanding Contribution to the 10th Anniversary of the 

Guangdong Poverty Relief Day”

Extracts of the Group’s community building outcome:

80+

+

16 billion

projects and

campaigns

RMB

Awarded the “2019-2020 China Real Estate Poverty Alleviation Benchmark Enterprise of 

the Year”

As of the end of December 2020, the Group had funded over 80 projects in the areas of 

poverty alleviation, poverty relief, education, healthcare and environmental protection, with 

an accumulated donation of over RMB1.6 billion

As of the end of December 2020, the Group had implemented 107 poverty alleviation 

projects, helping 15 counties and more than 40 poor villages in Guangdong, Guangxi and 

Qinghai provinces, benefiting 100,000 people in poor villages.

Donated HK$200 million to the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology in April 

2020 to establish a joint research institute to support research and education

Awarded the “Caring Company Certification” by the Hong Kong Council of Social Service 

in 2020

Funded over

Accumulated donation of over





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

42

43












ENVIRONMENTALLY 

FRIENDLY

07

Kaisa is committed to reducing the adverse impact of business operations on the environment in 

accordance with the global sustainable development goal SDG11-sustainable development of cities 

and communities. We strictly abide by the Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of 

China (《中華人民共和國環境保護法》), the Air Pollution Prevention Law of the People's Republic of 

China (《中華人民共和國大氣污染防治法》), the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Prevention 

and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Wastes (《中華人民共和國固體廢物污染環境防治法》), 

the Law of the People's Republic of China on Water Pollution Prevention and Control(《 中 華 人 民 共

和 國 水 污 染 防 治 法 》), the Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and the Control of 

Pollution From Environmental Noise (《中華人民共和國環境噪聲污染防治法》), the Regulations on the 

Administration of Construction Project Environmental Protection (《建設項目環境保護管理條例》) and 

other laws and regulations related to environmental protection. We cooperate with government’s 

supervision and guidance to ensure the legal compliance of the Group’s business work. During 

the Reporting Period, the Group did not receive any violations related to air and greenhouse gas 

emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste.

The Group is committed to establishing environmental awareness in our businesses, actively bringing 

green concepts to our projects, developing green building certification, and implementing a series of 

emission reduction and consumption reduction environmental protection measures, in order to achieve 

a long-term policy of reducing or eliminating business impacts on the environment.

44

45




In accordance with the requirements of a number of In In Inaccordance 

with the requirements of a number of internationally recognized standards 

and rating plans, Kaisa entrusts professional teams to fully demonstrate 

the environmental, ecological, and other impacts on the areas in the early 

stage of the project development and thus formulates detailed water and soil 

conservation plans; energy-saving and environmentally friendly materials 

are selected, and new environmental protection technology are used in 

the development process.The Group vigorously promoted green building 

certification in 2020, and completed 11 green building certification projects. 

The certification areas reached 2,338,900 square meters, making rapid 

progress. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the group has obtained 44 

green building certifications, with a total area of 5,597,600 square meters.

The green building assessment plans that our projects participate in include:

● The Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Rating 

System designed by the United States Green Building Council (USGBC)

● China Green Building Label Design issued by the Ministry of Housing and 

Urban-Rural Development of the People's Republic of China

11

green building cert-

ification projects 

completed 

green building cert-

ification projects 

obtained 

square meters

5,597,600

44

Green Building Certification Program

Rating

The Reporting

The Leadership in Energy and Environmental 

Design (LEED)

Gold

1

China Evaluation Standard for Green Building

Two Stars

3

One Star

7

Total

11

In 2020,

By 2020,

Total certified area

Type

Issuing Agency

Certification 

Level

Certified Area 

(square meter)

Commercial 

Building

United States Green Building Council

LEED Gold 

77,000

Residential 

Building

Technology Development Promotion Center, 

Jiangsu Province Department of Housing and 

Urban-Rural Development

Two Stars

84,200

Commercial and 

Leisure Building

Shenzhen Green Building Association

Two Stars

400,300

Commercial 

and Residential 

Building

Guangdong Province Department of Housing and 

Urban-Rural Development

Two Stars

287,900

Residential 

Building

Guangdong Province Department of Housing and 

Urban-Rural Development

One Star

127,200

Public Facilities 

and Public 

Housing

Guangdong Province Department of Housing and 

Urban-Rural Development

One Star

338,100

Residential 

Building

Shanghai Green Building Council

One Star

58,000

Residential 

Building

Huizhou Green Building and Energy Conservation 

Association

One Star

440,600

Public Housing

Guangdong Province Department of Housing and 

Urban-Rural Development

One Star

78,300

Public Facilities

Hunan Construction Technology and Building 

Energy Conservation Association

One Star

223,900

Residential 

Housing

Huizhou Green Building and Energy Conservation 

Association

One Star

223,400

                                  Total

2,338,900

Project

Shanghai Kaisa 

Financial Center

Royal Mansion 

(Phase 2)

Kaisa Golden Bay 

International Park

Longmen Kaisa 

Hot Spring

Yangjiang Kaisa

·Culture House

Guangzhou Kaisa 

City Plaza (Phase 1 

and plots 17-21)

Shanghai Kaisa 

City Plaza

 (Plots 13-05&amp;07)

Huizhou Kaisa 

·Riverbank New 

Age （Phase 11&amp;12）

Guangzhou Kaisa 

Sky Villa

Changsha Kaisa 

Plaza

Huizhou Kaisa 

Times Park

(Phase 1A&amp;2)





Green Technology 

Smart Building





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

46

47


▶ Sponge Projects

Kaisa manages the water consumption and potential risks within the entire property cycle in a responsible manner 

in accordance with the sustainable construction policy. The Group proactively uses the “Sponge City” concept for 

planning and constructing the projects, so as to redistribute water resources and cope with flood problems.

Where feasible, the Group will set up basic rainwater infrastructures based on the project site conditions, which are 

used to absorb the site rainwater and reduce the external discharge of rainwater, thus relieving the flood discharge 

pressure of urban rainwater pipe network. Combining waterlogging disaster prevention and control, runoff pollution 

control, and rainwater resource utilization, it can achieve multi-target environmental and ecological benefits and 

promote the harmonious development of urban construction and development of hydrological ecology.

CASE: Shanghai Kaisa Financial Center

 CASE: Zhuhai Golden World Phase 4 in Doumen

CASE: Shenzhen Pinghu Jinyujia Garden

Shanghai Kaisa Financial Center 

takes green and environmental 

p r o t e c t i o n  a s  t h e  p r i m a r y 

c o n s i d e r a t i o n  f o r  t h e  o ff i c e 

environment and has been awarded 

the Gold Level in LEED. The center 

has facial recognition and intelligent 

visitor systems, 15 elevators for 

vertical and efficient passage, 

independent fresh air (equipped 

with humidification function) and 

air conditioning system. The lobby 

can be warmed extensively with the 

ground air conditioning in winter 

and variable air volume &amp; central air 

conditioning system.













The Kaisa Jinyujia Garden project has a total land area of 46,355 square meters. The designs such as green roofs, 

green biological retention facilities, and permeable pavement have been adopted to improve the use of water 

resources in the project.

● The green roof coverage rate is 54%, the green roof is 6,236 square meters, and the remaining hard roof is 5,244 

square meters.

● The proportion of green biological retention facilities is 43%, the recessed green space is 5,372 square meters, 

and the total green area is 12,641 square meters.

● The permeable paving rate is 6%, the permeable pavement area is 1,293 square meters, and the impervious 

pavement area is 20,941 square meters.



We advocate the principle of resource protection. In addition to adopting sustainable building design in the projects, 

we make better use of green materials. For our construction projects, we:

● Use low-carbon building materials such as concrete, masonry, and wood;

● Use energy-saving and environmentally friendly materials such as lightweight partition boards and high-precision 

blocks;

● Adopt new environmental protection technologies such as aluminum molds, prefabricated buildings, and plaster-

free interior and exterior walls;

● Choose sanitary appliances with higher water-saving efficiency grades, and the water-use efficiency grades all 

reach level 2;

◌  select water-saving faucets with good sealing performance such as ceramic core, which can limit the outflow 

flow rate and are qualified by relevant national quality inspection departments;

◌  select water-saving urinals with a water tank volume of less than 6 liters, and use 3 or 6 liters of double-stage 

water-saving siphon type drainage urinals;

◌  select water temperature regulator and water-saving shower nozzle;

● Use energy-saving and high-efficiency insulating glass as the outer window material to reduce the thermal energy 

loss of the outer window;

● Adopt natural ventilation, natural lighting design and high-efficiency energy-saving lamps such as LED lights, and 

install voice-activated sensor LED lights in basements, stairwells and areas with less pedestrian flow.





 

The total land area of the Zhuhai Golden World Phase 4 project is 49,008.35 square meters, of which the sponge 

city occupies 39,341 square meters. The sponge facilities include biological retention facilities such as grass 

grids, recessed green spaces, and rain gardens. Specialized personnel regularly maintain the sponge facilities, 

including timely replanting and pruning of plants and weed removal, and cleaning up garbage sediments in case of 

blockage and siltation of water inlet and overflow, so as to maximize the collection and utilization of precious water 

resources. 

Use of Construction Materials

Kaisa implements green and environmental protection measures 

throughout the whole process of project construction. At the same 

time, we strengthen suppliers' environmental awareness, encourage 

them to contribute to sustainable development together, and promote 

the formation of a green and low-carbon city construction operation 

model with a series of energy-saving, emission-reduction, and 

environmental protection measures.

Green 

Construction 

and Ecological 

Conservation





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

48

49


Matters

Measures Taken

Reducing Green House 

Gas Emission/ Saving 

Energy

●  Planning, coordinating, and arranging intensive material transportation during off-

peak hours to reduce carbon dioxide and greenhouse gas emissions from large 

vehicles

●  Requiring the use of environmentally friendly and energy-saving air-conditioning in 

the living area of the construction contractors

●  Strengthening land greening work, plant large areas of plants in office areas and 

on both sides of roads

Reducing Waste Water/ 

Saving Water

●  Using energy-saving faucets in the whole construction site

●  A rainwater collecting system is set up on the construction site to reduce dust by 

spraying water, maintain concrete and water spraying tests on external walls, etc.

● Sewage from the construction site is discharged into the municipal pipe network  

    after being treated by several sedimentation tanks 

●  The domestic sewage from the dormitory is discharged into the municipal 

underground pipe network after being treated in the septic tank

Reducing Wastes

●  Vigorously promoting the delivery model of refined decoration and striving to 

reduce environmental pollution caused by secondary decoration

●  Standardizing temporary construction facilities and process construction materials 

to increase the chance of reuse

●  The construction teams are required to collect construction waste at the 

construction site and clean it up regularly, and send the decoration waste to the 

designated landfill

●  Setting up garbage points in the living area of the construction contractor; the 

garbage points shall be enclosed shall not be stored in the open area to avoid 

secondary pollution.

●  The domestic garbage in the dormitory shall be cleared daily and transported out 

in time, which shall be treated by the environmental sanitation department.

The main business of the Group is real estate development. The impacts of business 

activities on the environment and natural resources mainly involve the consumption 

of electricity, water resources, building materials, and office supplies during office and 

building construction. Regarding the noise, dust, and sewage discharge during business 

activities, the Group takes all necessary measures to reduce the impacts of business on the 

environment and strictly meets the requirements of relevant national laws and regulations.

In general, an environmental protection leading group is established for each project, 

including 2 full-time environmental management personnel, who are responsible for the 

implementation of environmental protection measures and daily environmental management 

during the project construction and operation. We implement an environmental impact 

assessment system, which requires the implementation of various environmental protection 

and pollution prevention measures during the construction period and operation period. 

In order to further reduce the impacts of the construction process on the environment, the 

Group actively publicizes and implements relevant laws and regulations to employees, and 

takes the following measures, including but not limited to:

Reducing the Impact of Construction

Matters

Measures Taken

Reducing Noise

●  Strictly controlling the construction time of the project, and stop the noisy 

construction before 9 pm

●  Closing doors and windows tightly on working days and implement indoor 

construction

●  Setting up noise reduction walls and soundproof sheds, and adopting low-noise 

equipment and technology

●  Selecting low-noise equipment

●  Except for substations in separate buildings, all noise- generating equipment is 

placed underground

●  Installing damping pads or damping frames on the foundation of the equipment, 

and installing damping pads on the foundations of doors and windows, and 

adopting a sound insulation design to ensure that the noise emission generated by 

the mechanical equipment meets the standard

Reducing Dust

●  Developing a special construction plan for dust control, in order to implement the 

responsibilities of dust control work

●  The construction site must be enclosed, road hardened, equipped with flushing 

facilities, watery operations, with cleaning personnel to clean the construction site 

regularly.

●  Vehicles are not allowed to leave the construction site with mud, cast construction 

waste, mix concrete on site. Water accumulation, burning of waste and stacking 

uncovered soil on site is also not allowed.

●  Setting up a construction dust report and complaint hotline to receive reports and 

complaints from the public on the dust pollution at the construction sites, so as to 

supervise the construction sites.









Curtain wall of Kaisa Dongshan Project Phase 1 

is in the stage of foundation pit construction

Enclosure operation, hardened road, wet working 

operation at Changsha Kaisa Metropolis

Changsha Cloud Top Meixi Lake Project 

is equipped with a sedimentation tank

Pinghu Kaisa Plaza Greening Project





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

50

51




“Electricity Saving” sign has been 

posted

Environmental-friendly printing tips 

posted in the office

▶ Waste Management

The Group’s subsidiaries formulated their own waste management and 

supervision systems and reported to the departments responsible for particular 

businesses. The hazardous wastes generated by the Group's daily operations 

are mainly batteries and selenium cartridges, while non-hazardous wastes are 

mainly business and household waste generated in the offices. Hazardous 

wastes are usually handled by a professional recycling and processing unit. 

For hazardous wastes such as waste toner cartridge, when purchasing, we 

agree that it should be recycled by the suppliers. As for non-hazardous wastes, 

the Group classifies recyclable wastes (such as plastics and wastepaper) and 

submits them to the recycling companies for treatment, and regenerates them 

into new products for reuse. For other non-recyclable wastes, they are treated 

by the environmental sanitation departments uniformly.

Trash bins are provided to collect 

recyclable waste and other garbage





▶ Energy Efficiency

Kaisa always pursues the management strategy of making good use of resources and is committed to seeking 

effective measures to reduce the resources used in operation. In order to further monitor and improve energy 

consumption management, we have formulated the Guidelines for Energy Conservation Design of Electromechanical 

Energy Efficiency System for Projects of Kaisa Group Holdings Limited (《佳兆業集團控股自持項目機電能耗能效系統節

能設計指引》) to provide guidance for employees to collect, store, and analyze energy consumption data.

Green Operation and Strict Saving Practice

The Group advocates green office and has formulated internal management policies such as the Guidelines for the Management 

of Office Supplies of Kaisa Group Holdings Limited (《佳兆業集團控股辦公用品管理工作指引》) and the Office Environment and 

Safety Management System of Kaisa Group Holdings Limited (《佳兆業集團控股辦公環境及安全保衛管理制度》), in order to provide 

guidelines for office energy saving, consumption reduction and waste reduction measures, which aims to minimize the impacts on the 

environment.

Matters

Management Measures

Saving 

Resources

●  Dynamic procurement of office supplies is implemented, and timely replenishment is made based on inventory. It is 

strictly prohibited to purchase over standard and over specification supplies.

●  Reusing office supplies such as binding machines, scissors, pen holders, etc.

●  Promoting the reuse of paper, improving the efficiency of paper use, and paperless office

●  All computer printing must be set to black and white, double-sided printing by default, so as to reduce the use of 

paper and toner and the pollution caused

●  The printer uses the employee account to log in and records the amount of personal paper used in order to reduce 

invalid printing and wrong printing

● Reducing the use of disposable chopsticks, disposable paper cups and unnecessary plastic  products

●  Do not buy products that are difficult to recycle or easily cause waste, such as over-packaged gift boxes or food

Energy 

Conservation 

and Emission 

Reduction

●  Specifying the time when the air conditioner is turned on and off, and strictly controlling the use of the air 

conditioner. If the indoor temperature does not reach the specified temperature (32°C) in summer, the air 

conditioner shall not be used, and the temperature setting of the air conditioner shall not be lower than 26°C

●  Encouraging employees to use video or teleconference to reduce the carbon footprint of business travel

●  Encouraging employees to use public transportation as much as possible and reduce self-driving

●  Employees who leave work should turn off their personal computers, electrical appliances, printers, air conditioners and 

other electrical equipment to reduce the standby energy consumption of electrical equipment

Water 

Conservation

●  Posting labels and notices to remind employees to turn off the faucet

●  Regularly inspecting and repairing pipelines to avoid water pipe damage and leakage, and avoid water waste





The project is equipped with pressurized 

water supply pump station to provide safe 

water supply and high-quality services

Tap water metering box









Decorative lights or large 

screens were turned off

A static device made of 

discarded bottle caps

On the evening of March 28, 2020, Kaisa Commercial 

Group's operating shopping malls collectively turned off 

decorative lights or large screens to support "Earth Hour" 

with practical actions. At the same time, six shopping 

malls under Kaisa Commercial Group jointly launched 

the "Earth Actors Alliance 2", which is a series of online 

cross-border health and environmental protection theme 

activities. It aims to implement the spirit of scientific 

epidemic prevention and to advocate an environment-

friendly, energy-saving, and emission-reducing lifestyle.

In Shenzhen Dapeng Kaisa Square, 20 escalators have 

been intelligently transformed with frequency conversion 

functions. When there are no passengers, the running 

speed of the escalator is only 30% of the normal running 

speed. At the same time, a large sky garden is set up to 

save energy and reduce carbon through the green roof. 

CASE: Kaisa's Commercial responded to "2020 Earth Hour"

CASE: Shenzhen Dapeng Kaisa Square

▶ Water Conservation

The water used for the offices of the Group is urban tap water, which is directly supplied by the municipal pipeline network, and 

there is no special problem in obtaining suitable water sources. We understand that water is a precious natural resource, so we 

try to improve water efficiency through various methods, such as posting labels and notices in the offices to remind employees 

to develop good habits of saving water. Rainwater harvesting systems are set in the project sites to achieve water reuse, thereby 

reducing the use of tap water. Through the installation of tap water meters, we collect water use data for analysis and providing 

guidance.

In addition, the Group implemented a series of water pollution measures in the projects, such as installing a backflow preventer 

on the inlet pipe of the non-negative pressure &amp; variable frequency water supply equipment, installing a check valve on the 

inlet pipe of the water heater, and installing ultraviolet sterilizer or water disinfection facilities on the suction pipe of the variable 

frequency water supply equipment. We require that the cleaning and disinfecting of water tanks should not be less than once a 

year, and the water quality should be tested at the same time.





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

52

53














JOIN HANDS AND 

WORK TOGETHER

08

54

55




Improving Supply Management

Supplier Management System

In order to standardize the management of suppliers, the Group has formulated the Kaisa Group Holdings Suppliers 

Management Measures  (《佳兆業集團控股供應商管理辦法》) and the Guidelines for Pre-qualification of Suppliers (《供

應商資格預審工作指引》), covering engineering, materials, design, marketing, consulting, administrative, etc. The 

inspection scopes include, supplier’s warehousing and in-warehousing management, performance evaluation and 

grading, and out-of-warehousing and other full-life cycle management processes, so as to ensure the standardization 

and standardization of supplier warehousing. We will never hire suppliers who violate laws and regulations and 

internal management systems, bad operations, and provide false information.

Supplier Inspection

New supplier’s information is sourced from government announcements,

media, industry agreements, and other channels to identify potential risks.

Supplier Approval and 

Warehousing

We ask for the business licenses, professional qualification certificates, work 

safety licenses,and other management system approval certificates from

suppliers, and review their business performance, qualification,and background. 

We also require an authoritative third-party Corporate Credit Decision Report

 ( 企業信用決策報告 )to be provided during the pre-qualification of suppliers 

so that we can conduct risk assessments of suppliers.All suppliers need to be reviewed 

to ensure thatthey meet the requirements beforethey can be stored and cooperated, 

and finally achieve the three-level supplier resource management.

Performance Evaluation 

and Grading

We conduct annual performance evaluation on the cooperative suppliers and 

conduct hierarchical classification management of suppliers to monitor and 

evaluate their sustainability performance and ensure the quality of supply.

When carrying out procurement work, the Group requires relevant personnel to strictly abide by the Kaisa Group 

Holdings Real Estate Procurement Management Measures (《佳兆業集團控股地產採購管理辦法》) and the Kaisa 

Group Holdings Procurement Inspection Management Measures (《佳兆業集團控股採購巡查管理辦法》), which clearly 

specify the procurement methods and standardize the bidding procurement process. The rewards and penalties for 

inspections and assessments are specified to improve the efficiency and quality of procurement and safeguard the 

legitimate rights and interests of the Group. During the Reporting Period, there were 29,724 suppliers to which the 

Group implemented the above management policies and employment practices.

CASE: 2020 Kaisa National Partner Summit

Sustainable Supply Chain

The Group is committed to building a sustainable supply chain and shouldering the vision of building a better 

environment and society together with suppliers. The Group gives priority to cooperate with suppliers with the same 

philosophy, and we require on-site inspections when conducting due diligence on the Group's suppliers, especially 

factories and other suppliers. The inspection content includes factory environment, environmental protection 

measures, and international certification (such as ISO14001 environmental management system certification, 

ISO9001 quality management system certification, OHSAS occupational health and safety management system 

certification), etc. The Group will also specify our sustainable development principles in business contracts, including 

basic requirements for compliance with local laws and regulations, labor laws, health and safety standards, and 

prevention of corruption. Our Group:

On December 11, 2020, the Group 

successfully held the annual Summit 

with excellent partners. The theme of 

the Summit was "Gathering efforts to 

achieve a win-win future" and brought 

together more than 200 excellent 

partners from all over the country. At 

the summit, the Group commended 

the strategic suppliers who made 

outstanding contributions for us 

during the Reporting Period and who 

committed to building a cooperation 

platform with an open mind.





During the Reporting Period, the Group organized an 

inspection tour for the stone material to inspect potential major 

environmental and social potential risks in the supply chain, in 

order to formulate corresponding risk management measures.

●  Continues to promote environmental procurement, 

giving priority to suppliers that have requirements for 

energy-saving products (such as air conditioners that 

need to meet energy efficiency ratio requirements), 

environmental protection acceptance (such as 

generator environmental protection projects), and 

green buildings;

●  Adopts the principle of “obtaining materials nearby”, 

and select local or nearby building materials suppliers 

to reduce the energy consumption of materials during 

transportation;

●  Entrusts an independent third party to conduct 

regular inspections and evaluations of cooperative 

suppliers, and provide training for suppliers through 

craftmanship exchange exhibition and excellent case 

demonstrations in various project exhibition areas 

across the country; and

●  Requires the project site personnel to check the 

supplier's materials and select some materials for 

inspection to ensure that the materials meet the 

environmental protection requirements.

Sticking to the Original Intention of Quality

The Group adheres that "Quality is the lifeblood of an enterprise, and customer value-oriented". Providing excellent 

product quality and fulfilling product responsibilities are the cornerstones of our business. The Group strictly abides 

by the laws and regulations related to health and safety, advertising, privacy and remedies in the products and 

services provided, including the Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China (《中華人民共和國產品質量法》), 

the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests (《中華人民共和國消費

者權益保護法》), the Advertising Law of the People's Republic of China (《中華人民共和國廣告法》), the Provisions on 

the Release of Real Estate Advertisements (《房地產廣告發佈規定》), the Copyright Law of the People's Republic of 

China (《中華人民共和國著作權法》), the Regulations on the Protection of Computer Software (《計算機軟件保護條例》), 

the Trademark Law of the People's Republic of China (《中華人民共和國商標法》), etc.

Product Quality and Safety

The Group is committed to creating healthier and safer products and services for customers, and strictly abides by 

the Construction Law of the People’s Public of China (《中華人民共和國建築法》), the Regulations of the People’s 

Republic of China on Quality Control of Construction Works  (《中華人民共和國建設工程質量管理條例》), and other 

laws and regulations related to the quality and safety of construction projects. In order to better control the quality of 

construction products, we carry out comprehensive and strict quality management in every section. The Group has 

implemented a series of quality assessment regulations, including the Kaisa Group Holdings Management Measures 

on Incoming Materials and Engineering Samples Acceptance for Real Estate Projects (《佳兆業集團控股地產項目進

場材料及工程樣板驗收管理辦法》), Kaisa Group Holdings Public Area Quality Special Evaluation Measures (《佳兆業

集團控股公共區域品質專項考核辦法》), etc., and revised the Kaisa Real Estate Group Management Measures on the 

Quarterly Appraisal and Surveillance for Projects (《佳兆業地產集團工程季度評估檢查管理辦法》) during the Reporting 

Period. The Group has also formulated the Kaisa Real Estate Group Management Measures on Red and Yellow 

Card for the Safety and Quality of Projects Under Construction (《佳兆業地產集團在建項目安全品質紅黃牌管理辦法》) 

which defines the “red line behavior", ensures that projects adhere to the quality and safety baseline, maintaining the 

highest standard product and service quality of the industry with absolute determination. absolute determination





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

56

57








Dedicated to Maintain Relationship with Customers

Customer Complaint Handling

The Group always puts the needs of customers in the first place. Customers can provide feedback on our products 

and services through telephone, e-mails, and other channels. The Group formulated and implemented the Kaisa 

Group Holdings Implementation Rules on Customer Complaint and Claims Service (《佳兆業集團控股客戶投訴、理賠

服務實施細則》)to clarify and standardize the handling procedures for customer crises, major complaints, important 

complaints, and general complaints, to ensure that all customer complaints can be handled in a timely manner under 

the following principles:

In order to timely understand customer feedback, the Group has conducted annual satisfaction survey and monthly 

satisfaction survey for a long time, so that we can continuously improve the quality of products and services and 

constantly improve customer satisfaction.

Annual Satisfaction 

Survey

The Group entrusts a third-party research company to conduct satisfaction surveys on 

property owners twice in the first half and the second half of the year and publishes the 

results. The survey as an important annual indicator of the Group helps to ensure that 

customer complaints, suggestions, and praise can be recorded and counted objectively 

and effectively. It also guides enterprises to continuously improve products and services 

from the perspective of customers, enhancing the influence of customers and brands. 

Kaisa’s annual satisfaction score in 2020 is 85 points.

Monthly Satisfaction 

Survey

The Group’s customers and marketing departments are responsible for receiving 

customer complaints uniformly and conducting regular satisfaction return visits. They 

will continue to follow up on the problems found to ensure that customer complaints 

can be effectively handled. At the same time, the relevant responsible persons will be 

evaluated based on the results of the matter.

During the Reporting Period, the Group carried out a number of quality and safety special inspections and third-party 

assessments to form effective complements and prevent the occurrence of risky quality problems.

●  Quality control during processes: each regional group organizes "self-assessment" and conducts inspections on 

a quarterly frequency; and entrusts professional third-party evaluation companies to conduct process quality and 

safety flight inspections

●  Quality control before delivery: The types of delivered products are divided into residential and commercial 

categories, and the assessment is carried out according to the inspection standards of residential or commercial 

products respectively. In the third-party delivery evaluation, the "Comprehensive Score of Product Quality" and 

"Comprehensive Score of Special Water Drainage Test" must reach the specified level, and no delivery can be 

made if the evaluation fails. For unqualified products, they must be fully rectified and re-evaluated by a third party 

before they are allowed to be delivered.

●  Complying with laws, regulations, and relevant 

regulatory policy requirements, and ascertaining facts, 

distinguishing responsibilities, and negotiating fairly

● Responding to complaints in a timely manner and

    handling them within the specified time limit, comm- 

    unicating and replying with customers in a timely manner

    during the handling process to avoid repeated complaints

● Not making random or false promises, treating the

    result seriously, paying attention to and following up

    the matters

●  Keeping customer information, complaint matters, 

claim demands, final claim settlement scheme, and 

settlement method strictly confidential

Customer Privacy Protection

The Group spares no effort to protect the privacy of customers. We have formulated a series of internal guidelines, 

such as the Kaisa Group Holdings File Management System  (《佳兆業集團控股檔案管理制度》), the Kaisa Group 

Holdings Confidentiality Management System (《佳兆業集團控股保密管理制度》), the Kaisa Group Holdings Computer 

Management Measures  (《佳兆業集團控股電腦管理辦法》), the Kaisa Group Management Measures on Marketing 

Informatization Assessment (《佳兆業集團營銷信息化考核管理辦法》) , etc. These guidelines stipulate the overall 

work requirements related to customer data, including data entry, file storage, information use, permission setting, 

punishment measures, etc. The collected customer data is processed, managed, and protected in accordance with 

regulations, strictly guaranteeing customer privacy and preventing information leakage.

Our system permissions of customer information access are also set according to the employees' job responsibilities 

and positions. Without the approval of the management team, employees are not allowed to transfer customer 

data to other units in the Group. At the same time, we have added relevant content of confidentiality system into 

the entry examination of new employees, to ensure that they fully understand the standards and procedures for 

handling customer information, so as to reduce the risk of loss or leakage of customer information. In order to further 

safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of customers, the Group conducts regular special inspections, which is 

included in performance appraisal. Employees who violate the system will be dealt with internally or transferred to 

judicial authorities depending on the severity of the circumstances.

Sales Information Management

Sales information management is an essential part of the Group's steady 

operation. On the basis of abiding by laws and regulations, we formulated the 

Kaisa Real Estate Project Promotion Red Line Handbook  (《佳兆業地產板塊項

目推廣宣傳紅線手冊》) .In consideration of laws and internal control, we have 

strengthened the management and control of external publicity, ensuring that 

real estate advertising must be true, legal, and accurate. There must be no 

false, misleading contents or misleading to customers, so as to ensure that the 

promotion and publicity comply with national laws and regulations, and to avoid 

damaging the Company's reputation due to illegal behaviors and customer risks 

caused by excessive or false publicity. The Group also respects intellectual 

property rights, conducts internal training on the protection of intellectual 

property rights, and applies for copyrights and trademark registration for major 

projects and product names.









"Excellent craftsmanship" quality 

month is a special event organized 

by the Group under the guidance 

of the spirit of “Four Promotion 

and Four Reduction, Lower Costs 

and Increase Efficiency” in order 

to strengthen the exchange 

and interaction of engineering 

system personnel, to promote the 

"craftsman spirit" and to pursue 

excellent quality. We have launched 

the “Excellent craftsmanship" 

quality monthly event from May 

to June 2020 and held an on-site 

observation and summary meeting 

from June 28 to 30. We hope to 

strengthen communication through 

a series of activities and promote 

the overall improvement of quality 

management of the projects under 

construction. 

Employees observed the 

prefabricated residential project 

under construction

The Group conducted lectures on 

topics such as smart real estate, 

landscape gardening, decoration 

design, etc.

CASE: "Excellent craftmanship" Quality Month Event



SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

58

59






Upholding Integrity

The Group always regards integrity management as the foundation of our business. We insist on operating in a 

clean, honest, open and transparent manner. We strictly abide by the Constitution of the People's Republic of China 

(《中華人民共和國憲法》), the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China (《中華人民共和國刑法》), the Securities 

Law of The People's Republic of China (《中華人民共和國證券法》) , the Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the People’s 

Republic of China (《中華人民共和國反不正當競爭法》), the Interim Provisions on Prohibiting Commercial Bribery (《關

於禁止商業賄賂行為的暫行規定》), the Anti-Monopoly Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國反壟斷

法》) , the Hong Kong’s Securities and Futures Ordinance (《證券及期貨條例》) and other relevant business ethics 

and anti-corruption related laws and regulations. We ensure that the formulation and promulgation of the internal 

management system of the Group and the implementation of business activities are legal and compliant.

In order to maintain good corporate governance and business integrity, the Group has formulated a sound anti-

corruption system, including the Kaisa Group Holdings Supervision and Management System (《 佳 兆 業 集 團 控

股監察管理制度》), the Kaisa Group Supervision and Case Management Measures (《佳兆業集團監察案件管理辦

法》), and the Kaisa Group Holding Employees' Courtesy Management System (《佳兆業集團控股員工因公受禮管

理 制 度 》). The Group checks whether employees are involved in ethical issues before entering employment, and 

requires them to sign documents to promise to comply with the Group's policies related to preventing bribery and 

corruption. In addition, we also clearly listed in the Employee Handbook related complaints and reporting channels, 

conflicts of interest declaration, conduct, confidentiality system, and provisions on the prevention of bribery and 

anti-corruption. We also issued the Code of conduct for "Six Prohibitions on Professional Ethics, Eight Prohibitions 

against Procurement" to strengthen the system and red line management of professional ethics and to standardize 

the professional ethics of employees, so as to strengthen the establishment of a culture of integrity in the Company.

Six Prohibitions on Professional Ethics

Eight Prohibitions against Procurement

●  It is strictly forbidden to accept banquets and 

receptions from interested parties and individuals

●  It is strictly forbidden to accept any kind of gifts

●  It is strictly forbidden for individuals and their 

relatives to solicit or accept bribes in any way, and 

have economic relations with partners

●  It is strictly forbidden to engage in business 

activities that conflict with the company's interests

●  It is strictly forbidden to misappropriate or embezzle 

company assets, and to guarantee using company's 

position in violation of regulations

●  It is strictly forbidden to fabricate and spread false 

information, which will damage the company's 

image and the interests of others

●  Do not disclose the target cost, estimated price and 

bidder information

●  Unreasonable business negotiations in violation of 

the company system are not allowed

●  It is not allowed to bypass the system to issue orders 

and circumvent supervision

●  It is forbidden to falsify of applying visas, or reporting 

false information on amount of work

●  It is not allowed to falsely report the output value, 

resulting in overpayment of project funds

●  Prohibition of separating tenders and avoiding the 

approval process

●  It is not allowed to set specific conditions during 

the bidding process to exclude or attract specific 

biddersreport

●  It is not allowed to set specific conditions during the 

bidding process to exclude or attract specific bidders

The Company has authorized the auditing and supervising department to independently perform audit and 

supervision functions, responsible for conducting routine audits and special investigations, and focusing on whether 

employees have ethical issue. The results need to be reported to the board of directors. Meanwhile, Kaisa Real 

Estate Group has set up the audit and supervising branch in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, and 5 major 

cities or regions in Southwest China, which is directly managed by the audit and supervising department of the 

Company. The audit and supervising department of the Company will conduct routine audit on relevant regional or 

city companies every year, and the city or regional audit and supervising departments conduct long-term monitor 

and spot check on the marketing, bidding, and purchasing. During the Reporting Period, the audit and supervising 

department conducted a total of 21 audit activities and 21 special investigations.

On the basis of strict internal management, we have also set up multiple anti-corruption reporting channels, such 

as telephone, QQ, email, WeChat official account, etc., The audit and supervising department arranges special 

personnel to manage. and publishes the bidding documents, contract attachments, office districts, collaborative office 

platforms, etc. In addition, we have implemented a whistleblower reward and whistleblower protection mechanism, 

and the content of the whistleblower and whistleblower information will be strictly protected.

The following are the relevant implementation and monitoring methods of the Group’s reporting procedures: 

The Group has set up ample integrity education channels and methods to popularize the knowledge of laws and to 

improve employees’ awareness of integrity and the capability in anti-corruption. During the Reporting Period, the 

Group has provided 10 anti-corruption trainings to directors, full-time and part-time employees of various professional 

groups such as real estate, property, and commerce. The training is mainly about the Company’s supervision system, 

sharing typical fraud cases in the industry, anti-bureaucratic and crime prevention duty and other content.



Acceptance and Preliminary 

Check 

All accepted reports are 

registered and arranged with 

preliminary checks.

Establishment of Issue 

Reported evidences which 

comply with the initiation 

conditions would be 

investigated.

Rectification and Implementation

Rectification and implementation 

will be made in accordance with 

the opinions of the Board, the 

evidence of illegal behaviors will be 

submitted to the judicial authority. 

The auditing and supervision 

department would cooperate with 

the investigation. 

Formal Investigation 

After initiation, internal 

investigation is conducted 

and evidences are collected 

according to the mechanism. 

Investigation Report 

Monitoring reports are 

submitted to the auditing 

committee of the board of 

directors. 

Auditing and Handling

Issues are classified and 

handled in the opinion of the 

Board. 

Conclusion of the case 



I n  o r d e r  t o  s t r e n g t h e n  t h e 

employees' sense of integrity and 

self-discipline and management 

ability, Kaisa Hotel Group held the 

"Excellent Managers Promotion 

and Training Project" from July 

5 to 7, 2020, which introduced 

Kaisa Integrity Management to 13 

excellent managers in detail. The 

content included integrity and self-

discipline, self-inspection and self-

correction, risk control, position 

management and how to avoid and 

find problems in time.

CASE: Kaisa Hotel Group’s "Excellent Manager Promotion Training Project"





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

60

61
















09

CARE FOR 

EMPLOYEES

62

63


By employment type

By gender

By position

113

1%

4,960

32%

10,763

68%

670

4%

387

3%

14,666

93%

Full-time

Male

Entry-level 

employee

Management

Part-time

Female

Middle-level 

employee

15,610

99%





Rights and Welfare

The Group cherishes its employees very much and is committed to safeguarding their legitimate rights and interests 

and assisting their development. The Group strictly abides by the Labor Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中

華人民共和國勞動法》), the Labour Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國勞動合同法》), 

the Social Insurance Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國社會保險法》), the Social Security Law 

of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國社會保障法》) and other laws and regulations in Mainland China. 

The Group has formulated a series of internal human resources management policies to improve the employment of 

the Group Management efficiency. During the Reporting Period, the Group did not receive any violations of laws and 

regulations related to salary and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, holidays, equal opportunities, 

diversification, anti-discrimination, other benefits and benefits which had a significant impact on the Group.

▶ Employee Overview

▶ Recruitment, Promotion and Dismissal

The Group formulated the Kaisa Group Holdings Recruitment Management System 

(《佳兆業集團控股招聘管理制度》) to ensure standardized and transparent recruitment 

and hiring procedures. We adhere to the recruitment principle of “competence first” 

and treat candidates equally. We only consider candidates’ job ability and development 

potential when recruiting, and will not consider their gender, age, race, religious beliefs 

and other factors as assessment criteria. In order to ensure the "fair, open and just" 

recruitment process, the Group also adheres to the principle of "recruiting talents 

and avoiding relatives", and does not allow employees’ relatives to work in the same 

company.

In terms of employee promotion, the Group clearly formulated the functional 

requirements and promotion conditions for each rank and position, and implemented 

the Kaisa Group Holdings Employee Performance Management Measures (《

佳

兆

業集團控股員工績效管理辦法》), and the Kaisa Group Holdings Reward and Penalty 

Management System (《佳兆業集團控股獎罰管理制度》) to implement "performance-

oriented" principle. Performance appraisals, covering work performance, abilities and 

attitudes, are performed regularly on employees, and the results of the appraisal are 

used as an important basis for bonus payment, salary adjustment, and promotion.

The Group has also formulated the Kaisa Group Holdings Employee Resignation 

Management Measures (《 佳 兆 業 集 團 控 股 員 工 離 職 管 理 辦 法 》). Except for the 

prescribed circumstances (such as the Employee Handbook which states that 

employees violate laws and regulations, etc., the labor contract will be terminated). We 

strictly prohibit any unfairness or unreasonable dismissal in order to protect the rights 

and interests of employees.

Employee Turnover

Employee 

Turnover Rate

Total

5

3,027

19%

By gender

Male

1,943

18%

Female

1,084

22%

By position

Entry-level employee

2,837

19%

Middle-level employee

134

20%

Management

56

14%

▶ Labor Standards

Kaisa Group strictly prohibits child labor and forced labor, in compliance with the 

Labor Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國勞動法》), the Labor 

Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國勞動合同法》) and 

the Provisions on the Prohibition of Using Child Labor (《 禁 止 使 用 童 工 規 定 》) in 

Mainland China, the Employment of Children Regulations (《僱用兒童規例》) and the 

Employment of Young Persons (Industry) Regulations (《 僱 用 青 年（ 工 業 ） 規 例 》) 

under the Employment Ordinance (《僱傭條例》) of Hong Kong, and the Forced Labor 

Convention （No. 29) of the International Labor Organization. In accordance with 

the internal policies Kaisa Group Holdings Recruitment Management System (《

佳

兆 業 集 團 控 股 招 聘 管 理 制 度 》) and the Kaisa Group Holdings Employees’ Overtime 

Work Management System (《佳兆業集團員工加班管理制度》), the above laws and 

regulations are effectively implemented. In the recruitment process, we check the valid 

identity documents of the candidates to ensure that they have reached the legal age 

of employment. When signing employment contracts or agreements with employees, 

we accurately convey the terms of working place, time, labor remuneration to prevent 

illegal use of child labor and forced labor. During the Reporting Period, the Group has 

not received any violations related to the illegal employment of child labor and forced 

labor, which have a significant impact on the Group.

Employee Turnover

Employee 

Turnover Rate

 By age

30 or below

1,464

21%

31-40

1,393

21%

41-50

136

8%

51 or above

34

9%

By region

Pearl River Delta

1,883

20%

Yangtze River Delta

320

21%

Central China

191

16%

West China

282

14%

Pan-Bohai Bay Rim

301

20%

Other Regions

6

50

32%

By age

By geographical region

388

3%

1,767

11%

30 or below

41-50

Pearl River Delta

Yangtze River Delta

Central China

West China

Pan-Bohai Bay Rim

Other Regions

31-40

51 or above

9,336

59%

1,498

10%

1,199

8%

2,059

13%

1,476

9%

155

1%

6,618

42%

6,950

44%

As of December 31, 2020, the total number of employees of the Group was 15,723. The summary 

of employees by category are as follows:

5 We no longer include in employee-related data the personnel assigned to the Group by third-party labor companies.

6 Other regions include Hainan Island and Hong Kong.





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

64

65






▶ Equal Opportunities, Diversity and Anti-discrimination

The Group opposes any form of discrimination. Employees will never be affected by factors such as gender, age, 

religion, race, disability, etc. in their recruitment, promotion, dismissal, training, job performance evaluation, salary 

and welfare. We implement the "anti-bureaucratic" system and regularly hold anti-bureaucratic meetings. Employees, 

regardless of their ranks, should conduct work exchanges on an equal basis. We are committed to safeguarding 

the legitimate rights and interests of female employees, complying with the Special Provisions on Labor Protection 

for Female Employees (《 女 職 工 勞 動 保 護 特 別 規 定 》) , and guaranteeing female employees' maternity leave and 

breastfeeding leave and other related welfare, so as to build an equal workplace environment. In addition, the 

Group has formulated the Board Diversity Policy (《董事會成員多元化政策》), covering policies which can achieve the 

diversity of the Board. The Group also recruits talents with different qualifications, backgrounds, and experiences 

through campus recruitment and social recruitment, in order to strengthen talent introduction and realize talent 

diversity.











With the excellent human resource management 

capabilities and innovative management model, 

the Group won the "2020 China Real Estate Best 

Employer Enterprise", highlighting the high recognition 

of the Group's human resource management and 

organizational management by external agencies.

▶ Communication and Exchange

The Group is committed to building a frank, open and efficient communication environment, and establishing a 

harmonious and trustworthy relationship between employees. Kaisa has established a comprehensive employee 

care plan system and regularly organizes meetings to listen to the opinions and ideas of employees. In addition, we 

regularly conduct anonymous employee satisfaction surveys to collect employees' ideas and suggestions on our 

operations and management.

At the same time, a variety of employee activities also provide diversified communication channels to employees. 

The Group organizes various types of activities such as association activities, departmental activities, outings, and 

party activities to enrich the amateur cultural life of employees.

On March 8, 2020, the 

Goddess Festival, Kaisa 

Prosperity Changsha 

branch customized 

festive flowers for the 

"goddess" and presented 

festive gifts to female 

employees 

Jiake Intelligent of Kaisa 

Prosperity held a Mid-

Autumn Festival employee 

activity

In order to help new 

employees integrate 

into the team and carry 

out their work smoothly, 

Kaisa Yuedong Group 

held a new employee 

induction training and a 

team building activity on 

September 19, 2020

Kaisa Shaanxi Real Estate 

Co., Ltd. held a birthday 

party for employees to 

enhance their sense of 

belonging

CASE: Kaisa was awarded "2020 China's Best 

Employer Enterprise for Real Estate'"

▶ Salary and Welfare

The Group has formulated the Kaisa Group Holdings Remuneration Management System (《佳兆業集團控股薪酬管

理制度》) and the Kaisa Group Holdings Welfare Management System (《佳兆業集團控股福利管理制度》) to provide 

employees with a competitive salary package and comprehensive welfare. The establishment of our remuneration 

system is based on the principles of "raise for excellence", "marketization", "internal fairness" and "results sharing". At 

the same time, we have a complete annual and instant salary adjustment mechanism, which provide employee with 

performance bonus in combination with their personal ability and performance. In addition, we provide employees 

with social security such as social insurance and provident fund, as well as additional welfare such as commercial 

insurance, festival funds, consolation money, transportation subsidies, meal subsidies, physical examination of 

employees and preferential property purchase.

▶ Working Hours and Holidays

The Group strives to create a good working environment for its employees. In order to ensure the reasonable working 

period and hours of employees, we have formulated the Kaisa Group Holdings Attendance Management System (《佳

兆業集團控股考勤管理制度》), which implemented the five-day work system and 8-hour standard working hour system 

in the office. The overtime work of employees are provided with overtime pay or compensatory leave according to the 

Kaisa Group Holdings Employees’ Overtime Work Management System (《佳兆業集團員工加班管理制度》). In addition 

to statutory holidays, our employees also enjoy paid holidays such as marriage leave, bereavement leave, maternity 

leave, nursing leave, family visit leave, and annual leave, and their annual leave will be adjusted according to their 

seniority.

Kaisa has always regarded talents as one of the key elements of the group's development. We continuously put 

resources and provide different types of training for employees to continuously improve their professional skills and 

development their career, so as to meet the needs of the Group's current and future development and to realize the 

common growth of employees and the Group.

In order to standardize the training plan formulation, training evaluation, curriculum content building requirements 

and curriculum development process, the Group has formulated internal policies such as the Kaisa Group Holdings 

Echelon Construction System (《佳兆業集團控股人才梯隊建設制度》). The Group also provides various training forms 

to potential and elite personnel such as tutoring system, special seminar discussion, on-the-job academic education, 

which aim to systematically promote the construction of talent team. In order to ensure the quality of our training, we 

select outstanding business backbones and senior executives at all levels, who have rich experience in management 

and professions, willing to share their knowledge and experience, enthusiasm and strong sense of responsibility, 

as mentors for new employees and managers in key positions. The Kaisa Group Holdings Instructor Management 

System (《佳兆業集團控股導師管理制度》) has been formulated to clarify the selection and management of training 

lecturers.



Training and

Development





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

66

67


CASE: 2020 “Set Sail” Novice Training Program







Outstanding fresh graduates are the driving force for the 

development of the Group. The Novice Training Program 

started in 2003 to provide trainees with targeted courses. 

The project is divided into three stages: set-sail, sailing 

and cruising. Trainees can demonstrate and explore 

their talents through job rotation and skill training.

The 2020 “Set Sail” Novice Training Program was 

successfully launched from July 13 to 23 in 2020, 

helping graduates to transform smoothly to the 

workplace. Experienced tutors will help graduates to 

familiarize themselves with the business as soon as 

possible, integrate into the company, and provide help 

and guidance in work and life.

In addition to the four-level talent training system, the Group also provides employees with different professional 

certification training and general skills training to prepare a good talent reserve.

From November 12 to 15, 2020, the Group successfully held 

the second training course for human manager qualification 

certification 

The Group has carried out special training on purchasing 

management capacity improvement in 2020 for more than 90 

colleagues in the procurement business line

The Group has set up two parallel career development channels for employees, which are professional 

and management respectively. Employees can choose the direction of development according to their own 

characteristics, personal career development plans, and job requirements. The Group also provides job rotation and 

expatriate opportunities to meet the career development needs of different employees.

Health and Safety

The Group is committed to ensuring the occupational safety and health of its employees. We strictly abide by the 

Law of the Production Safety Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國安全生產法》), the Regulations 

on Production Safety Management in Construction Work (《建設工程安全生產管理條例》), the Regulations on the 

Reporting and Investigation of Production Safety Accidents  (《生產安全事故報告和調查處理條例》), the Law of the 

People's Republic of China on the Prevention and Treatment of Occupational Diseases (《中華人民共和國職業病防治

法》), the Fire Control Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國消防法》), the IRegulation on Work-

Related Injury Insurances Law of the People’s Republic of China(《中華人民共和國工傷保險條例》), the Provisions 

on the Supervision and Administration of Occupational Health at Work Sites (《工作場所職業衛生監督管理規定》), the 

Categories and Catalogue of Occupational Diseases (《職業病分類與目錄》), etc. In addition, internal management 

policies such as the Kaisa Group Management Measures on Safe Production and Supervision  (《佳兆業集團安全生產

監督管理辦法》) are formulated to standardize the contents of safety construction management, process, and reward 

and punishment measures, so as to continuously improve the safety management and control of construction site.

A Team of Professional Lecturers

To provide trainings on various professional 

skills, corporate culture, and leadership by 

internal and external professional lecturers

Four-Level Talent Training System

Build a new Training System for Kaisa 

New Generation, Training System for 

Potential Talent, Training System for Elite 

Personnel, Training System for Outstanding 

Management Members, provide employees 

with a large number of targeted courses 

covering all stages of their careers

Regular Cross-professional and 

Interdisciplinary Training

Job rotation, observation and exchange 

in benchmark enterprises, leader training 

camps, executives training camps and 

further study

Online Learning Platform “Cloud College”

To provide case library, reference books, 

instructional procedure system, training 

materials,videos, micro-lectures, other 

sharing resources and other flexible learning 

ways

IDP (Individual Development Plan) 

A tailor-made customized personal 

development opportunity according to the 

development need of the Company and 

individuals

Lecturing and Mentoring

A one-on-one mentoring system, responsible 

for the career development throughout the 

whole training stage for fresh graduates 

with senior business experts as mentors to 

enhance their professional level

The Group provides employees with diversified talent training activities and expects to assist employees to 

improve their skills through training. The Group also helps employees realize their career planning and encourages 

employees to give full play to their strengths and potentials in their respective positions. To this end, we established 

the "Kaisa College" in 2009 with the aim of coordinating and implementing talent training and enhancing the quality 

and capabilities of employees.

▶ Kaisa Employee Training System

Beforehand 

Control

Intermediate 

Control

Afterwards 

Control

•Safe and civilized construction 

management

•Hazard management in the whole life 

cycle of project

•Safety inspection

•Regular safety meeting

•Emergency management system

•Safety early warning system

In order to implement the policy of "safety first, 

prevention first, and comprehensive management", 

and to realize the standardization and standardization 

of safety management in the construction process of 

real estate development projects, the Group formulated 

the Kaisa Group Holdings Management Measures on 

Construction Safety of Real Estate Projects  (《佳兆業集

團控股地產項目施工安全管理辦法》), and carry out safe 

and civilized construction on the construction site in 

accordance with the Kaisa Group Holdings Catalogue on 

Safe and Civilized Construction of Real Estate Projects 

(《佳兆業集團控股項目安全文明施工圖冊》). The system 

covers all professional groups, regional groups and 

projects under construction to ensure personal safety 

and property safety during the construction process and 

prevent safety accidents occurrence, to ensure that the 

safety management of the project is controllable.





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

68

69


The Group is very concerned about the physical and mental health of employees. Employees will receive an 

online learning plan that includes occupational health and safety when they are on board, and they need to 

complete corresponding exams before they can pass. We have implemented the Kaisa Group Holdings Smoking 

Ban Management Measures (《 佳 兆 業 集 團 控 股 禁 煙 管 理 辦 法 》)to completely ban smoking in office area and to 

proactively promote the non-smoking culture. The Group allocates medical kits in the office, provides regular 

physical examinations for employees every year, and purchases commercial insurance for employees, including 

accident insurance, critical illness insurance, traffic accident insurance, and supplementary hospitalization insurance, 

to protect the health of employees. We also organize employees to regularly participate in fire emergency drills 

organized by the building property management company to strengthen their disaster prevention awareness and 

emergency response capabilities. The Group also sets up various sports clubs including the fitness club, football 

club, badminton club, and basketball club to encourage staff to do exercises.

In order to increase employees’ attention to physical and 

mental health, create a vigorous corporate culture, and 

enhance friendly exchanges among the subsidiaries, 

the Group has hosted the 2020 Kaisa "Badminton 

League". It includes men’s singles, women's singles, 

men's doubles, mixed doubles and other 4 team 

competitions. 16 powerful teams and more than 150 

players from the subsidiaries competed with each other 

and demonstrated the spirit of teamwork.











In the face of the COVID-19 epidemic, each subsidiary company carried out prevention and control work in an orderly 

manner in accordance with the Company's deployment requirements for prevention and control work so as to prevent 

the spread of the epidemic situation and ensure the health and safety of employees. The Group has implemented a 

series of epidemic prevention measures, including:

All regional companies of Kaisa Real Estate Group conduct 

comprehensive disinfection work in their office premises 

before resuming work

Kaisa Prosperity Shenzhen 

Branch detects body 

temperature for employees

Kaisa Prosperity Changsha 

Branch provides employees 

with disinfection and anti-

epidemic supplies and 

staff care materials for 

employees







CASE: Safe Production Month Activity

In order to strengthen the safety attention of employees and cooperative units, the Group conducts a 1–2 month-

activity of "Safety Production Month" every year. All projects under construction will be horizontally compared, 

excellent and demonstration safety sites will be selected, and field observation activities will be held. Activities help to 

promote communication within the Group and improve the overall safety control level.

CASE: 2020 Kaisa Badminton League

CASE: theme activity of "119" fire safety 

publicity and education day of Kaisa 

Prosperity

Kaisa Prosperity carried out 119 fire safety publicity 

activities, through various forms of publicity and 

education activities, to popularize fire protection laws 

and regulations, fire protection knowledge and fire 

evacuation skills.

According to the safety management policy of the Group, we implemented the following measures during the course 

of construction to eliminate and prevent safety incidents:

●  Identify hazard sources before the construction of project. Prepare the Contingency Plan for the Project Under 

Construction(《在建項目應急處置方案》) to identify and evaluate the major hazards of the project, and formulate 

countermeasures

●  Prepare specific contingency plans and on-site treatment plans, conduct contingency drills at least once in half-

year and review and analyse in respect to the process and results of the drill

●  Regular inspections at different levels

◌  Appoint a third-party inspection agency at the group level to conduct quarterly inspections on project safety 

management, including the organization of monthly joint inspections in accordance with the Kaisa Group 

Holdings Regulations on Joint Inspection of Marketing and Customer Service(《佳兆業集團控股行銷及客服聯合飛

檢專項管理辦法》).We have conducted inspection, investigation, supervision on major safety risk sources, and 

conducted special sampling inspection of "safety civilization" and "materials entering the site"

◌  Conduct bimonthly inspections at the regional group level

◌  Conduct a comprehensive inspection on the project safety management at the subsidiary level at least once a 

month

◌  Weekly inspection at project department level

●  All engineering personnel of the Group’s ongoing projects need to undergo training, examinations, etc.

●  Pay attention to the weather report and prepare contingency measures in advance, prepare emergency supplies, 

counter measures and conduct on-site checks

●  In case of safety accidents, relevant responsible units must timely, actively and accurately report and record, 

supervise, guide and assist the rescue work on site, and actively cooperate with accident investigation. Afterwards, 

we will conduct cause analysis, review and rectifications

●  For employees injured at work, promptly arrange medical treatment, follow-up and condolences

During the Reporting Period, the target value of the group's comprehensive safety management score is 78, and 

the actual score is 78.90, which is at a good level in the industry.

The Group regularly organizes employees to participate in safety knowledge training and various emergency plan 

drills.





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

70

71














ALLOCATION OF

SUSTAINABLE BONDS

According to the Sustainable Finance Framework established by the Group in July 2020, we are 

required to report the use of proceeds and the environmental and social impacts of the projects 

annually.

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group issued US$200 million of senior perpetual capital 

securities on September 30, 2020, and a total of US$400 million of sustainable senior notes on 

December 8, 2020 and December 23, 2020.

Year 

Issued

Issuer

Currency

Principal Amount

Coupon

Maturity Date

2020

Kaisa Group 

Holdings Limited

U.S. 

dollar

200,000,000

10.875%

non-redeemable until 

September 30, 2023

2020

Kaisa Group 

Holdings Limited

U.S. 

dollar

250,000,000

6.5%

December 7, 2021

2020

Kaisa Group 

Holdings Limited

U.S. 

dollar

150,000,000

6.5%

December 7, 2021

10

72

73






Use of Proceeds

Project Type

Project

Allocated Proceeds (Within the Reporting Period）

RMB

U.S. Dollars 

Equivalent

Percentage

Green Project

Green Building

Shenzhen Kaisa 

International Fintech 

Center

985,000,000.00

148,000,000.00

24.6%

Green Building

Xuzhou Fuchun Mountain 

Residence

904,000,000.00

136,000,000.00

22.6%

Social Project

Affordable Housing, 

Basic Infrastructure 

and Essential 

Services

Shenzhen Kaisa City Plaza 

1,103,000,000.00

166,000,000.00

27.7%

Affordable Housing, 

Basic Infrastructure 

and Essential 

Services

Shenzhen Yantian Kaisa 

City Plaza

389,000,000.00

58,000,000.00

9.7%

Affordable Housing, 

Basic Infrastructure 

and Essential 

Services

Shenzhen Pinghu Kaisa 

Plaza

426,000,000.00

64,000,000.00

10.7%

Affordable Housing, 

Basic Infrastructure 

and Essential 

Services

Shenzhen Kaisa Future 

City

188,000,000.00

28,000,000.00

4.7%

Total Allocated Proceeds

3,995,000,000.00

600,000,000.00

100%

Unutilized Proceeds

0

0

Not 

applicable

Total Net Proceeds

3,995,000,000.00

600,000,000.00

100%

Project Information Summary

Project Name

Shenzhen Kaisa International Fintech Center

Gross Floor Area

176,884.14 m

2

Location

Shennan Avenue, Futian District, Guangdong

Allocated Proceeds

985,000,000.00 RMB

Categories of Qualified 

Investment Projects

Green Building 

Green Building Certification:

Three Star Certificate of Green Building Design Label, China Green Building 

Certification 

Pre-certified Gold for LEED certification 

Energy Saving Design

●  Adopt a dot layout to maximize the use of natural ventilation and natural lighting

●  High performance energy-saving glass is used, adopting energy-saving and

    efficient insulating glass for the external windows of the project, and 

    high- efficiency energy-saving lamps such as LED lamps

● Use energy-saving elevators and energy-saving control methods to effectively 

    save energy consumption

Water Saving Design

●  Sponge city combined with landscape design: the project will set a recessed 

green space in the site, and in conjunction with the sponge city design, the 

comprehensively calculated site runoff control rate can reach 70%

●  Rainwater harvesting system: The project is equipped with rainwater collection 

ponds, and the collected rainwater is used for greening and irrigation and road 

washing

●  Application of water-saving measures: All water-saving appliances with a water-

saving efficiency level above level 1 are used to effectively save water resources

Carbon Emissions Avoided

704.18 tons of CO2e / year

Energy Savings

742.10 ‘000 kWh/ year

Water Saving

1,328.80 m

3/ year





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

74

75










Project Name

Xuzhou Fuchun Mountain Residence

Gross Floor Area 

247,279.41 m

2

Location

Yunlong District, Xuzhou City, Jiangsu

Allocated Proceeds

904,000,000.00 RMB

Categories of Qualified

Investment Projects

Green Building

Green Building Certification:

Three Star Certificate of Green Building Design Label, China Green Building 

Certification 

Energy Saving Design

The thermal performance of the enclosure structure of this project is designed 

in accordance with the Design Standard for Thermal Environment and Energy 

Conservation of Residential Buildings in Jiangsu Province (DGJ32/J71-2014), 

reaching the standard of 65% energy saving.

Water Saving Design

This project adopts mixed rainwater harvesting system. Rainwater from the 

roof, road and green space is transported to the rainwater reservoir through 

the rainwater pipe network, and is reused for greening and irrigation and road 

washing after the treatment to meet the standards.

Carbon Emissions Avoided

445.82 tons of CO2e/year

Energy Savings

469.83 ‘000 kWh/year

Water Saving

13,147 m

3/year





Project Name

Shenzhen Kaisa City Plaza

Location

Banxuegang Boulevard, Longgang District, Shenzhen City, Guangdong

Allocated Proceeds

1,103,000,000.00RMB

Categories of Qualified 

Investment Projects

Affordable Housing, Basic Infrastructure and Essential Services 

Affordable Housing Area after the 

Completion of the Project

312,195 m

2

Basic Infrastructure Area

484,426 m

2

Basic Infrastructure

3 Kindergartens

1 Public school

2 Health service centers

2 Public cultural and sports facility

1 Fire station

2 Recycling stations







SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

76

77

76

77


Project Name

Shenzhen Yantian Kaisa City Plaza

Location

Junction of Hong'an road and Donghai 4th Street, Yantian District, 

Shenzhen City, Guangdong

Allocated Proceeds

389,000,000.00 RMB

Categories of Qualified Investment Projects

Affordable Housing, Basic Infrastructure and Essential Services 

Affordable Housing Area after the 

Completion of the Project

30,100 m

2

Basic Infrastructure Area

22,650 m

2

Basic Infrastructure

1 Elementary school

2 Kindergartens

2 Health service centers

1 Food market

2 Post offices

Project Name

Shenzhen Pinghu Kaisa Plaza

Location

Junction of Huihua Road and Xinxia Avenue, Shenzhen City, 

Guangdong

Allocated Proceeds

426,000,000.00RMB

Categories of Qualified Investment 

Projects

Affordable Housing, Basic Infrastructure and Essential Services

Affordable Housing Area after the 

Completion of the Project

35,611 m

2

Basic Infrastructure Area

200,201 m

2

Basic Infrastructure

1 Elementary school

1 Health service center

1 Sanatorium

1 Community sports venue















SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

79

78


Project Name

Shenzhen Kaisa Future City

Location

Junction of Ruyi Road and Dayun Road, Longgang District, Shenzhen 

City, Guangdong

Allocated Proceeds

188,000,000.00 RMB

Categories of Qualified Investment 

Projects

Affordable Housing, Basic Infrastructure and Essential Services

Affordable Housing Area after the 

Completion of the Project

16,120 m

2

Basic Infrastructure Area

75,630 m

2

Basic Infrastructure

1 Kindergarten

1 Day care center for the elderly

1 Community sports venue

1 Library

1 Post office













SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

80

81


Independent Limited Assurance Report on the Review 

of the Impact and Allocation Reporting of 2020 

Sustainable Bonds Report













SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

82

83














OVERVIEW OF KEY 

PERFORMANCE 

INDICATORS

11

84

85


Environmental KPIs

As the reporting scope of the environmental KPIs for 2019 includes construction sites undertaken by third-party 

contractors and that for this Report no longer includes construction sites undertaken by third-party contractors, 

therefore the environmental KPI values for 2020 are generally lower than those for 2019. We believe that this 

reporting scope has more reasonably reflected the environmental impacts in areas over which the Group has control.

For density calculations, the area used in this Report includes only the areas of the project departments’ office 

areas, property management areas, and marketing departments’ sales centers, and does not include the areas of 

construction sites undertaken by third-party contractors. The density in 2020 differs significantly from the density in 

2019 because the construction site areas of projects under the owned by the core functional companies were used 

in the density calculation in 2019. In addition, we have used square meters instead of million square meters because 

the areas of construction sites under the responsibility of third-party contractors is no longer involved.

No. of Key 

Performance Indicator

Key Performance Indicator

Unit

2020

2019

A1.1 Emissions 

7

Nitrogen oxides (NOx)

kg

35.10

5,364.98

Sulphur oxides (SOx)

kg

1.43

5.97

Inhalable particulate matter (PM10)

kg

0.66

160.86

Fine particulate matter (PM2.5)

kg

0.60

145.4

Total particulate matter (TPM)

kg

0.66

╱

7The emission sources included non-road mobile sources, road mobile sources and stationary sources. The reference for calculation in 2020 

includes Industrial Boiler (Heat Production and Supply Industry) Industry Coefficient Manual of the Second National General Survey on Pollution 

Sources Production and Emission Calculation Coefficient Manual published by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment of PRC, the First National 

General Survey on Pollution Sources of Urban Domestic Source Production and Discharge Coefficients Manual by General Survey on Pollution 

Sources Office, Provisional Technical Guidelines for Road Mobile Sources Emission and Provisional Technical Guidelines for Non-road Mobile 

Sources Emission published by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment of China. Compared to 2019 calculation methods, the changes in the 

calculation method are mainly related to stationary sources, the sulfur content of SOx used to calculate stationary sources and non-road mobile 

sources. The change in the calculation reference for stationary sources is mainly due to the release of a new version of the reference by the Ministry 

of Ecology and Environment of the PRC in 2019, which shall better reflect the environmental impact of the Group. In addition, emissions from the 

operation of the canteens also used as references that can more realistically reflect the environmental impact of the Group at the place of operation. 

The change in the calculation reference for non-road mobile sources is mainly because the reference published by the Ministry of Ecology and 

Environment of the PRC is more reflective of the environmental impact of the Group at the place of operation. As the 20 core functional companies 

operate in different provinces, we used the national standard GB17820-2012 natural gas with a sulfur content of 200 mg/m

3 for Class II natural gas, 

as a larger sulfur content can project the SOx emissions from the Group's stationary sources more conservatively.



The environmental KPIs disclosed in this Report cover the selected 20 core functional companies, including their 

project departments’ office areas, property management areas, and marketing departments’ sales centers. The social 

KPIs cover the overall business scope of the Group.

A1.2 

Greenhouse 

gases

8

Scope 1: Direct emission of greenhouse gas

Deduction of greenhouse gas by the newly planted tree 

9

tons of CO2e

-23.54

-91.49

Total direct carbon dioxide equivalent emissions

tons of CO2e

178.92

946.38

Total direct carbon dioxide equivalent emissions intensity

tons of CO2e/

m

2

0.01

0.00006

Scope 2: Indirect emission of greenhouse gas

Total indirect carbon dioxide equivalent emissions

tons of CO2e

1969.21

19,319.84

Total indirect carbon dioxide equivalent emissions 

intensity

tons of CO2e/

m

2

0.13

0.001

Scope 3: Other indirect emission of greenhouse gas

Waste paper discarded in landfills

tons of CO2e

5.81

167.14

Electricity consumed by governmental authorities for 

handling drinking water and sewage10

tons of CO2e

112.49

573.99

Employees’ business trips by airplane

tons of CO2e

11.45

43.12

Total other indirect carbon dioxide equivalent emissions

tons of CO2e

129.75

784.25

A1.3 Total 

hazardous 

waste

Battery

tons

0.01

&lt;0.01

Fluorescent bulb

tons

0.01

0.01

Waste toner

tons

0.03

0.01

Waste cartridge

tons

0.05

&lt;0.01

Waste lightbulb

tons

0.08

0.01

Waste activated carbon

tons

&lt;0.01

&lt;0.01

Total hazardous waste

tons

0.18

0.04

Total hazardous waste density

tons/m

2

0.00001

0.000000003

A1.4  Non-

hazardous 

waste11

Waste paper

tons

1.09

0.86

Plastic

tons

0.06

0.06

Computer and equipment

tons

0.01

1.47

Food waste

tons

13.20

2.13

Foam

tons

0.01

0.03

Total non-hazardous waste

tons

14.37

4.55

Total non-hazardous waste density

tons/m

2

0.0009

0.0000003

10Electricity consumed per unit for handling drinking water and sewage in the PRC was set as 0.6 and 0.28328 kWh, and the default emission factor 

for electricity purchased in the PRC was set as 0.6101kg/kWh.

11The environmental KPIs disclosed in this report cover the selected 20 core functional companies, including their project departments’ office areas, 

property management areas, and marketing departments’ sales centers. As the reporting scope of the environmental KPIs for 2019 includes 

construction sites undertaken by third-party contractors and that for this Report no longer includes construction sites undertaken by third-party 

contractors, Therefore, wastes generated by third party contractors at construction sites are no longer disclosed. The 2019 total non-hazardous 

waste and total non-hazardous waste density have been adjusted to exclude wastes generated by third-party contractors at construction sites.

8 The emission sources included non-road mobile sources, road mobile sources and stationary sources, refrigerants, electricity purchased and 

scope 3 indirect GHG emissions. The reference for calculation in 2020 includes Provisional Calculation Methods and Reporting Guidelines on Public 

Infrastructure Operating Units Greenhouse Gas Emissions published by Office of the National Development and Reform Commission of PRC, the 

2015 National Grid Average Emission Factor mentioned in the 2018 Carbon Emission Supplementary Data Accounting Report Template attached 

in the Notice on the Preparation of 2018 Annual Carbon Emission Report and Verification and Emission Monitoring Plan published by the Ministry of 

Ecology and Environment of the People’s Republic of China, global warming potential values by GHG Protocol and Appendix 2: Reporting Guidance 

on Environmental KPIs from How to prepare an ESG Report. Compared to 2019, the changes to the calculation method mainly relate to emission 

sources other than refrigerants. We used references published by the NDRC Office of PRC and the Ministry of Ecology and Environment of PRC as 

they can better reflect the environmental impact of the Group at the sites where it operates. In addition, we no longer disclose indirect emissions from 

purchased coal gas, and direct emissions from the coal gas have been fully included in total Scope 1 direct CO2 equivalent emissions.

9The main reference for the greenhouse gas emission calculation for 2020 is Appendix 2: Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs from How to 

prepare an ESG Report.







SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

86

87


A2.1 Energy

12

Direct energy consumption

Coal gas

‘000 kWh

11.02

34.11

Diesel

‘000 kWh

6.91

677.65

Gasoline

‘000 kWh

224.79

1,011.76

Natural gas

‘000 kWh

28.76

╱

direct energy consumption

‘000 kWh

271.48

1723.52

direct energy consumption density

‘000 kWh/m

2

0.02

0.0001

Indirect energy consumption

Electricity purchased

‘000 kWh

3,227.68

21,891.93

Indirect energy consumption

‘000 kWh

3,227.68

21,891.93

Indirect energy consumption 

density

‘000 kWh/m

2

0.21

0.001

Total energy consumption

Total energy consumption

‘000 kWh

3499.16

23,615.45

Total energy consumption density

‘000 kWh/m

2

0.23

0.002

A2.2 Water 

consumption

Total water consumption 

m

3

206,126.40

812,303.77

Total water consumption density

m

3/m

2

13.59

0.05

A2.5 Packing 

materials

Wooden pallets

tons

0.50

0.8

Wrapping paper

tons

0.40

0.2

Wood

tons

0.05

5.5

Plastic

tons

0.05

1.5

Plastic bag

tons

0.14

0.8

Carton

tons

0.60

4.5

Packing strap

tons

0.06

0.4

Other

tons

0.11

╱

Total Packaging materials 

tons

1.90

13.7

Total Packaging materials density

tons/m

2

0.0001

0.0000009



12 We no longer disclose the amount of purchased coal gas as all of which is included in our direct energy consumption. 2019 figures have been 

adjusted to include the amount of purchased gas in our gas usage.

Social KPIs

No. of Key 

Performance Indicator

Key Performance Indicator

Unit

2020

2019

2018

B1.1 Total number of 

employees13

Total number of

employees

person

15,723

15,281

14,310

By employment type

Full-time

person

15,610

15,281

14,310

Part-time

person

113

╱

╱

By gender

Male

person

10,763

10,330

9,551

Female

person

4,960

4,951

4,753

By position

Entry-level employee

person

14,666

╱

╱

Middle-level employee

person

670

╱

╱

Management

person

387

╱

╱

By age

30 or below

person

6,950

7,027

7,064

31-40

person

6,618

6,376

5,406

41-50

person

1,767

1,594

1,461

51or above

person

388

284

379

By geographical region

Pearl River Delta region

person

9,336

9,101

╱

Yangtze River Delta region

person

1,498

1,530

╱

Central China region

person

1,199

939

╱

Western China region 

person

2,059

1,268

╱

Pan-Bohai Bay Rim

person

1,476

1,428

╱

Other region

14

person

155

1,015

╱



13 We no longer include in employee-related data the personnel assigned to the Group by third-party labor companies.

14Other regions include Hainan Island and Hong Kong.





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

88

89


B1.2 Employee turnover 

rate

15

Employee turnover rate

%

19%

23%

22%

By gender

Male

%

18%

21%

╱

Female

%

22%

27%

╱

By position

Entry-level employee

%

19%

╱

╱

Middle-level employee

%

20%

╱

╱

Management

%

14%

╱

╱

By Age

30 or below

%

21%

26%

╱

31-40

%

21%

24%

╱

41-50

%

8%

13%

╱

51 or above

%

9%

13%

╱

By geographical region

Pearl River Delta region

%

20%

24%

╱

Yangtze River Delta region

%

21%

24%

╱

Central China region

%

16%

17%

╱

Western China region 

%

14%

9%

╱

Pan-Bohai Bay Rim

%

20%

22%

╱

Other region16

%

32%

36%

╱

B2.1 Number and rate of 

work-related fatalities17

Number of work-related fatalities

person

0

0

0

Rate of work-related fatalities

person/hour

0

0

0

Lost days due to work injury

day

0

╱

╱

B3.1 Percentage of 

trained employees18

Percentage of trained employees

100%

100%

╱

By gender19

Male

%

68%

100%

╱

Female

%

32%

100%

╱

By position20

Entry-level employee

%

93%

100%

╱

Middle-level employee

%

4%

100%

╱

Management

%

2%

100%

╱



15We no longer include in employee-related data the personnel assigned to the Group by third-party labor companies.

16Other regions include Hainan Island and Hong Kong

17We no longer include in employee-related data the personnel assigned to the Group by third-party labor companies.

18We no longer include in employee-related data the personnel assigned to the Group by third-party labor companies.

19The calculation for the percentage of trained employees for 2020 has been updated according to Appendix 3: Reporting Guidance on Social KPIs 

from How to prepare an ESG Report. The percentage of trained employees in 2020 by gender = (Trained male or female employees / Total number 

of trained employees) × 100%. The denominator used in 2019’s calculation was the total number employees of that specific category, i.e. Trained 

male employees / Total number of male employees) × 100%.

20The calculation for the percentage of trained employees for 2020 has been updated according to Appendix 3: Reporting Guidance on Social KPIs 

from How to prepare an ESG Report. The percentage of trained employees in 2020 by positions = (Number of trained employees in a specific 

position category / Total number of trained employees) × 100%. The denominator used in 2019’s calculation was the total number employees of that 

specific position category, i.e. Trained entry-level employees / Total number of entry-level employees) × 100%.

B3.2 Average training 

hours completed 

per employee

Average training hours 

completed per employee

hour

18

14

╱

By gender

Male

hour

18

15

╱

Female

hour

19

12

╱

By position

Entry-level employee

hour

14

35

╱

Middle-level employee

hour

36

18

╱

Management

hour

20

12

╱

B5.1 Number of 

suppliers

Number of suppliers

suppliers

29,724

25,411

╱

By category21

Survey and Design

suppliers

2,775

╱

╱

Consulting Services

suppliers

2,512

╱

╱

Marketing

suppliers

8,773

╱

╱

Engineering

suppliers

9,853

╱

╱

Materials and Equipment

suppliers

3,031

╱

╱

Administration

suppliers

3,163 

╱

╱

Others

suppliers

1,137 

╱

╱

By geographical region

Pearl River Delta region

suppliers

11,424

9,766

╱

Yangtze River Delta region

suppliers

6,734

5,757

╱

Central China region

suppliers

2,589

2,213

╱

Western China region 

suppliers

2,323

1,986

╱

Pan-Bohai Bay Rim

suppliers

6,421

5,489

╱

Other region22

suppliers

233

200

╱

21Some suppliers apply to more than one category, so the sum does not equal the total number of suppliers as of the end of the Reporting Period.

22Other regions include Hainan Island and Hong Kong







SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

90

91


B6.1 Percentage of 

products

subject to recalls for

safety and health reasons

Percentage of total products 

sold or shipped subject to 

recall for safety and health 

reasons

%

0

0

╱

B7.3 Anti-corruption 

training

Number of anti-corruption 

training courses

number

10

19

╱

Anti-corruption training course 

hours

hour

10

╱

╱

Number of directors attending 

anti-corruption training

person

20

╱

╱

Number of employees 

attending anti-corruption 

training

person

1,000

╱

╱

B8.2 Community

investment

Prevention and control of 

epidemics

RMB’000

10,300

╱

╱

Education Development

RMB’000

134,162

╱

╱

Public Charity

RMB’000

5,998

╱

╱

Poverty Alleviation

RMB’000

121,300

╱

╱

Total Community/Charity 

Investment during the 

Reporting Period

RMB’000

271,760

188,044

╱



ANNEX I: SIGNIFICANT LAWS AND 

REGULATIONS COMPLIED WITH BY THE 

GROUP DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

The Company has complied with the laws and regulations during the Reporting Period, including but not limited to 

those set out in this chapter, in respect of the operation of Kaisa:

The Laws and Regulations the Company compiled with

Internal Policies of the Company

A. Environmental

Aspect A1: Emissions

Law of the People’s Republic of China on Air Pollution 

Prevention and Control (《中華人民共和國大氣污染防治

法》) 

Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention 

and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste 

(《中華人民共和國固體廢物污染環境防治法》) 

Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of 

China (《中華人民共和國環境保護法》) 

Law of the People’s Republic of China on Energy 

Conservation (《中華人民共和國節約能源法》)

Law of the People's Republic of China on Water Pollution 

Prevention and Control

《中華人民共和國水污染防治法》

Kaisa Group Holdings Office Environment and Safety and Security 

Management System (《佳兆業集團控股辦公環境及安全保衛管理制度》)

Kaisa Group Holdings Office Supplies Management Guidelines (《佳兆業集團

控股辦公用品管理工作指引》)

Kaisa Group Holdings Smoking Ban Management Measures (《佳兆業集團控

股禁煙管理辦法》)

Aspect A2: Use of Resources

 

Kaisa Group Holdings Guidelines on Energy Saving Design 

for Electrical and Mechanical Energy Efficiency Systems in 

Owned Projects

(《佳兆業集團控股自持項目機電能耗能效系統節能設計指引》) 

B. Social

Aspect B1: Employment

Labour Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民

共和國勞動法》)

Labour Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China 

(《中華人民共和國勞動合同法》)

Social Insurance Law of the People’s Republic of China 

(《中華人民共和國社會保險法》)

Special Provisions on Labor Protection

for Female Employees《女職工勞動保護特別規定》

Kaisa Group Holdings Employees’ Overtime Work Management System (《佳

兆業集團員工加班管理制度》) 

Kaisa Group Holdings Attendance Management System (《佳兆業集團控股考

勤管理制度》) 

Kaisa Group Holdings Recruitment Management System (《佳兆業集團控股

招聘管理制度》)

Kaisa Group Holdings Employee Performance Management Measures (《佳

兆業集團控股員工績效管理辦法》)

Kaisa Group Holdings Employee Resignation Management Measures (《佳兆

業集團控股員工離職管理辦法》)

Kaisa Group Holdings Welfare Management System (《佳兆業集團控股福利

管理制度》) 

Kaisa Group Holdings Reward and Penalty Management System (《佳兆業集

團控股獎罰管理制度》)

Kaisa Group Holdings Remuneration Management System (《佳兆業集團控

股薪酬管理制度》)

Board Diversity Policy (《董事會成員多元化政策》)







SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

92

93


Aspect B2: Health and Safety

Production Safety Law of the People’s Republic of China 

(《中華人民共和國安全生產法》)

Regulation on Work-Related Injury Insurances Law of the 

People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國工傷保險條

例》)

Fire Control Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華

人民共和國消防法》)

Law of the People's Republic of China on the Prevention 

and Treatment of Occupational Diseases (《中華人民共和

國職業病防治法》)

Provisions on the Supervision and Administration of 

Occupational Health at Work Sites (《工作場所職業衛生監

督管理規定》) 

Regulations on Production Safety Management in 

Construction Work (《建設工程安全生產管理條例》)

Regulations on the Reporting and Investigation of 

Production Safety Accidents (《生產安全事故報告和調查

處理條例》) 

Categories and Catalogue of Occupational Diseases《職

業病分類與目錄》

Kaisa Group Holdings Management Measures on Construction Safety of 

Real Estate Projects (《佳兆業集團控股地產項目施工安全管理辦法》)

Kaisa Group Holdings Catalogue on Safe and Civilized Construction of Real 

Estate Projects (《佳兆業集團控股地產項目安全文明施工圖冊》)

Kaisa Group Holdings Smoking Ban Management Measures (《佳兆業集團控

股禁煙管理辦法》)

Kaisa Group Management Measures on Safe Production and Supervision 

(《佳兆業集團安全生產監督管理辦法》)

Contingency Plan for Projects Under Construction 《在建項目應急處置方案》

Aspect B3: Development and Training

 

Kaisa Group Holdings Training Management System (《佳兆業集團控股培訓

管理制度》)

Kaisa Group Holdings Echelon Construction System (《佳兆業集團控股人才

梯隊建設制度》)

Kaisa Group Holdings Instructor Management Measures (《佳兆業集團控股導

師管理制度》)

Kaisa College Program Management Measures (《佳兆業學院課程管理辦法》

Aspect B4: Labour Standards

Labour Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民

共和國勞動法》)

Labour Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China 

(《中華人民共和國勞動合同法》)

Supervision on the Prohibition of the Use of Child Labour 

(《禁止使用童工規定》)

Employment of Children Regulations, Employment 

Ordinance, Law of Hong Kong ( 香港法律《僱傭條例》《僱

用兒童規例》)

Employment of Young Persons (Industry) Regulations , 

Employment Ordinance, Law of Hong Kong ( 香港法律《僱

傭條例》《僱用青年（工業）規例》)

The Forced Labor Convention （No. 29） of the 

International Labor Organization 國際勞工組織第 29 號公

約《強迫勞動公約》

Kaisa Group Holdings Recruitment Management System (《佳兆業集團控股

招聘管理制度》)

Kaisa Group Holdings Employees’ Overtime Work Management System (《佳

兆業集團員工加班管理制度》)

Aspect B5: Supply Chain Management

 

Guidelines on Pre-qualification of Suppliers (《供應商資格預審工作指引》) 

Kaisa Real Estate Group Management Measures on the Quarterly Appraisal 

and Surveillance for Projects (《佳兆業地產集團工程季度評估檢查管理辦法》)

Kaisa Group Holdings Suppliers Management Measures (《佳兆業集團控股

供應商管理辦法》)

Kaisa Group Holdings Procurement Inspection Management Measures (《佳

兆業集團控股採購巡查管理辦法》)

Kaisa Group Holdings Real Estate Procurement Management Measures (《佳

兆業集團控股地產採購管理辦法》)

Kaisa Group Holdings Management Measures on Incoming Materials and 

Engineering Samples Acceptance for Real Estate Projects 《佳兆業集團控股

地產項目進場材料及工程樣板驗收管理辦法》)



Aspect B6 ：Product Responsibility

Regulations of the People’s Republic of China on Quality Control 

of Construction Works (《中華人民共和國建設工程質量管理條

例》) 

Construction Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民

共和國建築法》) 

Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Protection of 

Consumers’ Rights and Interests (《中華人民共和國消費者權益保

護法》)

Trademark Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共

和國商標法》) 

Product Quality Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人

民共和國產品質量法》)

Law of the People’s Republic of China on Copyright (《中華人民

共和國著作權法》)

Provisions on the Release of Real Estate Advertisements (《房地

產廣告發佈規定》)

Regulations on the Protection of Computer Software (《計算機軟

件保護條例》)

Kaisa Real Estate Project Promotion Red Line Handbook (《佳兆業地

產板塊項目推廣宣傳紅綫手冊》) 

Kaisa Real Estate Group Management Measures on the Quarterly 

Appraisal and Surveillance for

Projects (《佳兆業地產集團工程季度評估檢查管理辦法》)

Kaisa Real Estate Group Management Measures on Red and Yellow 

Card for the Safety and Quality of Projects Under Construction(《佳兆

業地產集團在建項目安全品質紅黃牌管理辦法》)

Kaisa Group Holdings Confidentiality Management System (《佳兆業

集團控股保密管理制度》)

Kaisa Group Holdings File Management System (《佳兆業集團控股檔

案管理制度》) 

Kaisa Group Holdings Management Measures on Incoming Materials 

and Engineering Samples Acceptance for Real Estate Projects (《佳兆

業集團控股地產項目進場材料及工程樣板驗收管理辦法》)

Kaisa Group Holdings Computer Management Measures (《佳兆業集

團控股電腦管理辦法》)

Kaisa Group Holdings Public Area Quality Special Evaluation 

Measures (《佳兆業集團控股公共區域品質專項考核辦法》)

Kaisa Group Holdings Implementation Rules on Customer Complaint 

and Claims Service (《佳兆業集團控股客戶投訴、理賠服務實施細則》)

Kaisa Group Holdings Regulations on Joint Inspection of Marketing 

and Customer Service(《佳兆業集團控股行銷及客服聯合飛檢專項管理

辦法》)

Kaisa Group Management Measures on Marketing Informatization 

Assessment(《佳兆業集團營銷信息化考核管理辦法》)

Aspect B7: Anti-corruption

Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the People’s Republic of China 

(《中華人民共和國反不正當競爭法》) 

Anti-monopoly Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民

共和國反壟斷法》)

Constitution of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國

憲法》) 

Criminal Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和

國刑法》)

Securities Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和

國證券法》)

Provisional Provisions on Prohibition of Commercial Bribery (《關

於禁止商業賄賂行為的暫行規定》)

Securities and Futures Ordinance, Law of Hong Kong 香港法律

《證券及期貨條例》

Kaisa Group Supervision and Case Management Measures (《佳兆業

集團監察案件管理辦法》)

Kaisa Group Holdings Supervision and Management System (《佳兆

業集團控股監察管理制度》)

Kaisa Group Holding Employees' Courtesy Management System (《佳

兆業集團控股員工因公受禮管理制度》)

Kaisa Integrity Management (《佳兆業廉潔管理》)

Code of Ethics and Conduct for Employees (《員工職業道德規範及行

為守則》)

Aspect B8: Community Investment

Regulations on the Management of Foundations

 (《基金會管理條例》)

Kaisa Group Holdings External Donation Manage-

ment System (《佳兆業集團控股對外捐贈管理制度》)

Regulations of the Constitution of Shenzhen Kaisa 

Charity Foundation (《深圳市佳兆業公益基金會章程規定》)







SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

94

95


INDEPENDENT LIMITED ASSURANCE 

REPORT ON THE REVIEW OF SELECTED 

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS













SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

96

97




SEHK ESG REPORTING GUIDE CONTENT 

INDEX

▶ Environmental

Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)

Index/Remarks

A. Environmental

Aspect A1: Emissions

General 

Disclosure

Information on:

(a)   the policies; and

(b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have 

a significant impact on the issuerrelating to air and greenhouse 

gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation

 of hazardous and non-hazardous waste.

Green Construction and 

Ecological Conservation

KPI A1.1

The types of emissions and respective emissions data

 Environmental KPIs

KPI A1.2

Direct (Scope 1) and energy indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse 

gas emissions (in tons) and, where appropriate, intensity 

(e.g., per unit of production volume, per facility). 

 Environmental KPIs

KPI A1.3

Total hazardous waste produced (in tons) and, where appropriate, 

intensity (e.g., per unit of production volume, per facility).

 Environmental KPIs

KPI A1.4

Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tons) and,where 

appropriate, intensity (e.g., per unit of production volume, per 

facility).

 Environmental KPIs

KPI A1.5

Description of emission target(s) set, and steps 

taken to achieve them.

Green Operation and Strict 

Saving Practice

KPI A1.6

Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous w

astes are handled, and a description of reduction 

target(s) set, and steps taken to achieve them.

Green Operation and Strict 

Saving Practice

Aspect A2: Use of Resources

General 

Disclosure

Policies on the efficient use of resources, 

including energy, water and other raw materials.

Green Construction and Ecological 

Conservation

KPI A2.1

Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type (e.g., 

electricity, gas or oil) in total (kWh in '000s) and intensity 

(e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).

Environmental KPIs

KPI A2.2

Water consumption in total and intensity 

(e.g., per unit of production volume, per facility).

Environmental KPIs

KPI A2.3

Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set, 

and steps taken to achieve them.

Green Operation and Strict Saving 

Practice



KPI A2.4

Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is 

fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set, and steps taken to 

achieve them.

Green Operation and Strict Saving 

Practice

KPI A2.5

Total packaging material used for finished products (in tons) and, 

if applicable, with reference to per unit produced.

Environmental KPIs

Aspect A3: The Environment and Natural Resources

General 

Disclosure

Policies on minimising the issuer's significant

 impacts on the environment and natural resources.

Green Construction and Ecological 

Conservation

KPI A3.1

Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environ-

ment and natural resources and the actions taken to manage them.

Green Construction and Ecological 

Conservation

Aspect A4: Climate Change

General 

Disclosure

Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-

related issues which have impacted, and those which may 

impact, the issuer.

Green Technology Smart Building

KPI A4.1

Description of the significant climate-related issues which have 

impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the 

actions taken to manage them.

Green Technology Smart Building

▶ Social 

Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)

Index/Remarks

B. Social

Aspect B1: Employment

General Disclosure

Information on:

(a)   the policies; and

(b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations that 

have a significant impact on the issuer relating to 

compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, 

working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, 

anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare.

Rights and Welfare

KPI B1.1

Total workforce by gender, employment type(for example, 

full- or part-time), age group and geographical region.

Social KPIs

KPI B1.2

Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and 

geographical region

Social KPIs

Aspect B2: Health and Safety

General Disclosure

Information on:

(a)   the policies; and

(b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations that 

have a significant impact on the issuerrelating to providing 

a safe working environment and protecting employees 

from occupational hazards

Health and Safety

KPI B2.1

Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each 

of the past three years including the reporting year

Social KPIs

KPI B2.2

Lost days due to work injury.

Social KPIs

KPI B2.3

Description of occupational health and safety measures 

adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored

Health and Safety





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

98

99










Aspect B3: Development and Training



General Disclosure

Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and skills for 

discharging duties at work. Description of training activities.

Note: Training refers to vocational training. It may include 

internal and external courses paid by the employer.

Training and Development

KPI B3.1

The percentage of employees trained by gender and 

employee category (e.g., senior management,middle 

management).

Social KPIs

KPI B3.2

The average training hours completed per employee by 

gender and employee category.

Social KPIs

Aspect B4: Labour Standards

General Disclosure

Policies on identification and mitigation of significant 

climate-related issues which have impacted, and those 

which may impact, the issuer.

Rights and Welfare

KPI B4.1

Description of measures to review employment practices 

to avoid child and forced labour.

Rights and Welfare

KPI B4.2

Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices 

when discovered.

Rights and Welfare

Aspect B5: Supply Chain Management

General Disclosure

Policies on managing environmental and social risks 

of the supply chain.

Improve Supply Management

KPI B5.1

Number of suppliers by geographical region.

Social KPIs

KPI B5.2

Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, 

number of suppliers where the practices are being imple-

mented, and how they are implemented and monitored.

Improve Supply Management

KPI B5.3

Description of practices used to identify environmental 

and social risks along the supply chain, and how

they are implemented and monitored.

Improve Supply Management

KPI B5.4

Description of practices used to promote environmentally 

preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, 

and how they are implemented and monitored.

Improve Supply Management

Aspect B6: Product Responsibility

General Disclosure

Information on:

(a)   the policies; and

(b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations that 

have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health 

and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters 

relating to products and services provided and methods 

of redress.

Dedicated to Maintain 

Relationship with Customers

KPI B6.1

Percentage of total products sold or shipped 

subject to recalls for safety and health reasons.

Social KPIs

KPI B6.2

Number of products and service-related 

complaints received and how they are dealt with.

Dedicated to Maintain 

Relationship with Customers

KPI B6.3

Description of practices relating to observing 

and protecting intellectual property rights

Dedicated to Maintain

Relationship with Customers

KPI B6.4

Description of quality assurance process 

and recall procedures.

Stick to the Original Intention 

of Quality

KPI B6.5

Description of consumer data protection and privacy

policies, and how they are implemented and 

monitored

Dedicated to Maintain 

Relationship with Customers

Aspect B7: Anti-corruption

General Disclosure

Information on:

(a)   the policies; and

(b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations 

that have a significant impact on the issuerrelating 

to bribery,extortion, fraud and money laundering.

Uphold Integrity

KPI B7.1

Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt 

practices brought against the issuer or its employees 

during the Reporting Period and the outcomes of 

the cases

Uphold Integrity

KPI B7.2

Description of preventive measures and whistle-

blowing procedures, and how they are implemented

 and monitored.

Uphold Integrity

KPI B7.3

Description of anti-corruption training 

provided to directors and staff.

Uphold Integrity

Aspect B8: Community Investment

General Disclosure

Policies on community engagement to understand the 

needs of the communities where the issuer operates 

and to ensure its activities take into consideration the

communities’ interests.

Serving the City, Community 

Reengineering

KPI B8.1

Focus areas of contribution (e.g., education,

environmental concerns, labour needs, health, 

culture, sport).

Serving the City, Community 

Reengineering

KPI B8.2

Resources contributed (e.g., money or time) 

to the focus area.

Serving the City, Community 

Reengineering





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

KAISA GROUP HOLDINGS LTD.

2020

100

101








(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Stock Code: 1638

Room 3306, Kerry Center, Ren Min South Road, 

Luohu District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China 

Tel : (86) 755 2518 1818 

30/F, The Center 

99 Queen's Road Central, Central, Hong Kong 

Tel : (852) 8202 6888 

 

www.kaisagroup.com

