
KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

5 

 

 




KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

1 

 

 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 

 

 

 

 

01 ABOUT THIS REPORT 

2 

02 BOARD STATEMENT 

2 

03 CORPORATE PROFILE 

3 

04 SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

4 

05 ECONOMIC 

6 

06 ENVIRONMENTAL 

9 

07 SOCIAL 

12 

08 GOVERNANCE 

18 

09 GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

20 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

2 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

We are pleased to present Katrina Group Ltd’s (“Katrina” or the “Group”) annual 

Sustainability Report, for our financial year ended 31 December 2019 (“FY2019”). This report 

is set out on a “comply or explain” basis in accordance with Catalist Rule 711B and Practice 

Note 7.6 of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual 

on Continuing Listing Obligations. Katrina has chosen the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) 

Standards: Core Option as it is the most established international sustainability reporting 

standard that covers a comprehensive range of sustainability disclosures. In accordance with 

the GRI Standards, the report highlights the key economic, environmental, social and 

governance (“EESG”) related initiatives carried out throughout a 12-month period, from 1 

January to 31 December 2019. 

In defining our reporting content, we applied the GRI’s principles for defining report content 

by considering the Group’s activities, impacts and substantive expectations and interests of 

its stakeholders. We observed a total of four principles, including materiality, stakeholder 

inclusiveness, sustainability index and completeness. For reporting quality, we observed the 

principles of balance, comparability, accuracy, timeliness, clarity and reliability. 

The EESG data and information provided have not been verified by an independent third party. 

We have relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy. The Group 

adopts the precautionary principle to minimise negative effects of conducting its business 

whenever feasible. For FY2019, we have included both our food and beverage (“F&amp;B”) 

business and hospitality business in this report.  

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this 

enables us to improve our policies, systems and results. You may contact us at our office 

phone number at (65) 6292 4748 or email us at info@katrinagroup.com. 

 

BOARD STATEMENT  

The key material economic, environmental, social and governance factors for Katrina have 

been identified and reviewed by the Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. The 

board of directors of Katrina (“Board”) oversees the management and monitoring of these 

factors and takes them into consideration in the determination of the company’s strategic 

direction and policies. Sustainability is a part of Katrina’s wider strategy to create long-term 

value for all our stakeholders. 

With the availability of EESG data, sustainability reporting has gained greater significance to 

investors eager to analyse more and more data. Far from being just an image building 

exercise today it is widely accepted that good EESG practices contribute to the overall long-

term success of the company and plays an important part in the competition for investment. 

Businesses must be quick to adapt to key stakeholders’ concerns, closing any potential gaps 

and capitalising on given opportunities. Amidst today’s rapid business environment, the Board 

is fully committed to support the management in upholding governance and sustainability 

practices to achieve long-term success and value for its stakeholders. 

 

29 May 2020 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

3 

 

CORPORATE PROFILE 

With an established history since 1995, Katrina is a F&amp;B group that specialises in multi-cuisine 

concepts and restaurant operations. Currently, the Group owns and operates 42 restaurants 

in Singapore and two (2) restaurants in Indonesia under nine (9) different F&amp;B brands, namely, 

Bali Thai, Honguo, So Pho, Streats, Bayang, Hutong, Muchos, RENNthai, and Tomo Izakaya. 

These brands serve authentic cuisines of eight (8) different ethnicities, namely Hong Kong, 

Indonesian, Japanese, Mexican, northern Chinese, Thai, Vietnamese and Yunnan. 

Katrina prides itself on the identification of consumer trends and creating concepts that meet 

the demand of a wide spectrum of patrons from different market segments. As at the date of 

this report, the Group has nine (9) brands, a decrease in one brand since the year ended 31 

December 2019. Of the Group’s nine (9) brands, four (4) are casual dining brands and five (5) 

are mid-ranged dining brands, all strategically located in convenient and high foot traffic 

locations. In addition, three (3) of the Katrina Group’s brands – Bali Thai, So Pho and Streats 

– are Halal-certified. 

Katrina’s hospitality business has scaled up since its acquisition in December 2018. The 

Group currently leases and manages 241 private residences, two (2) apartment buildings 

comprising 68 apartment units as well as four (4) co-living hotels comprising about 242 rooms 

across Singapore and 18 serviced apartments in Hong Kong. 

 

CORPORATE MILESTONE 

 

 

 




KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

4 

 

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

OUR SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and 

material aspects relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders 

are also taken into account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders 

include, but are not limited to, customers, suppliers, employees, investors, and regulators. We 

adopt both formal and informal channels of communication to understand the needs of key 

stakeholders, and incorporate these into our corporate strategies to achieve mutually 

beneficial relationships. 

The table below sets out our engagement with our stakeholders: 

Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Key Concerns Raised 

Customers 

Hotline 

Email queries 

Customer feedback and 

survey Social media 

campaigns Advertisements, 

marketing or product launch 

events 

 

Phone calls and e-mails Quality of service 

Suppliers and 

Service Providers 

Positive relationship 

management through 

communication and mutual 

understanding so that 

expectations (i.e timely delivery 

of goods, prompt payment 

cycles) are properly 

communicated and understood 

on both ends. Annual 

review and feedback sessions. 

 

Regular meetings, 

phone calls and e-mails 

Product and service quality 

Employees 

Open dialogues among teams 

Induction and orientation 

program Comprehensive 

training 

Staff appraisal 

Adhoc Weekly Monthly 

Bi-Annually 

Health and safety 

Wage and hiring 

Training and 

development  

Work-life balance 

Incentives and benefits 

Report

Collect 

Data

Assess 

Materiality

Engage 

Stakeholders

Plan and 

Scope


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

5 

 

Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Key Concerns Raised 

Investors / 

Shareholders 

Annual Report 

Annual General Meeting  

Investor meetings  

Corporate Announcements / 

Press releases 

 

Annually 

Annually 

Annually or when 

needed Half-yearly 

When needed 

Branding 

Marketing initiatives 

Government and 

Regulators 

Face-to-face meetings  

Regular reports  

Participation in discussions 

Spot checks at central 

kitchens and outlets 

Industry workshops 

 

Annually or when 

needed 

Maintaining good 

corporate governance 

standard 

Food safety and hygiene 

Occupational health and 

safety  

Customer health and 

safety 

 

Local 

Communities 

Donations 

Various social events 

 

Annually or when 

needed 

Socially responsible 

corporate citizen and 

building community 

support 

 

 

MATERIAL ASPECTS ASSESSMENT 

We conducted a materiality assessment during the year internally. Going forward, materiality 

review will be conducted every year, incorporating inputs from the stakeholder engagements. 

In the current year, we have included both of our F&amp;B business and hospitality business in 

this report. Senior management together with the external consultant identified and prioritised 

material aspects through internal workshops, peer review and social impact assessments at 

site level. In addition, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, environment and 

society and the influence on the stakeholders. Applying the guidance from GRI, we have 

identified the following material aspects:  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 











GOVERNANCE 

Corporate 

Governance  

Business Ethics and 

Compliance 

Enterprise Risk 

Management 



SOCIAL 

Employment  

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity  

Local Communities 

Customer Health 

and Safety  

Customer Privacy 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

 



ENVIRONMENTAL 

Energy 

Water 

Effluents and Waste 

Environmental 

Compliance 

Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment  

 



ECONOMIC 

Economic 

Performance 

Anti-corruption 

 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

6 

 

ECONOMIC 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

Here at Katrina, we are committed to grow our customers’ base and exceed our customers’ 

expectations and provide them with delicious traditional food with modern twist in delectable 

surroundings.  

 

 

The Group’ revenue increased by S$19.6 million or 30.2% from S$64.8 million for FY2018 to 

S$84.4 million for FY2019 due to the contribution of higher revenue of S$15.0 million from the 

hospitality business acquired in December 2018 and a net increase in the number of outlets 

opened and newly acquired outlets in October 2018. The new outlets contributed S$9.3 million 

to the increase in revenue whereas the closed outlets recorded S$4.0 million lower in revenue 

for FY2019. The existing outlets contributed a decrease in turnover of S$0.8 million in FY2019 

as compared to FY2018.  

 

The Group’s gross profit increased by S$1.4 million or 22.7% from S$6.2 million in FY2018 to 

S$7.6 million in FY2019 due to the increase in revenue. 

 

For the detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our Annual Report 

2019: 

• Financial Review, page 10 

• Financial Statements, pages 59 to 65. 

Our goal is to be the leading F&amp;B and hospitality company offering customers a great dining 

and hospitality experience by delivering quality food and exceptional services.  

 

Market Presence 

Katrina aims to meet consumer trends and allows its customers to enjoy a wide range of 

cuisines. Katrina is an operator of chains of restaurants and cafes under different F&amp;B brands 

and concepts. Our Group owns and operates restaurants under nine different F&amp;B brands that 

are developed or managed and owned by us. 

Each of our brands serves authentic cuisines of different ethnicity, namely Hong Kong, 

Indonesian, Japanese, Mexican, Northern Chinese, Thai, Vietnamese, and Yunnan Chinese. 

In addition, each brand is accompanied by tailored décor and designs in our restaurants and 

cafes to provide patrons with comfortable ambience. As at 31 December 2019, we had a total 

of 44 outlets in Singapore and one (1) outlet in Indonesia. 




KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

7 

 

Please refer to pages 3 to 5 of our Annual Report 2019 for the locations of the outlets in respect 

of each dining brand. 

The Group is actively exploring opportunities to grow its business through acquisitions, joint 

ventures, franchising and strategic alliances with parties who can help to strengthen its brands 

and expand its market share in the region, to support its growth with lower investment risks. 

Katrina has embarked on our first hospitality venture to bolster growth prospect and broaden 

our stream of recurring income through the acquisition of the entire issued share capital of 

Straits Organization Pte Ltd (“SOPL”) on 10 December 2018.  

We are currently facing short term challenges due to COVID-19 situation but we believe in 

long term trends as the increase in population will increase travel demands. SOPL will not only 

open the door to the hospitality segment for us, but it also brings the possibility of cross-sector 

collaboration for our core F&amp;B business and further regional expansion. 

 

In 2019, we have expanded our hospitality 

segment to offer three categories of services. 

The first is ST Residences which offers the fully 

furnished 

corporate 

services 

apartments 

tailored for business travellers that require 

accommodation for three (3) months or longer. 

Three new blocks were launched at Outram 

Road, Novena and Orange Grove Road which 

boosted 

our 

total 

number 

of 

service 

apartments to 376 units. In addition, we 

launched our ST Signature brand which offers 

co-living hotels for targeted travellers looking 

for shorter stay periods, namely ST Signature 

Chinatown, ST Signature Jalan Besar, ST 

Signature Bugis Beach and ST Signature 

Tanjong Pagar. We have also launched ST 

Signature Lite which offers flexible hours stay 

to maiximise the use of unused time slot. 

 

 






KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

8 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

Here at Katrina, we do not tolerate corruption in any form. We prohibit corruption in all forms, 

including extortion and bribery. This has been made clear to all our employees, our suppliers 

and our business partners. Our whistleblowing policy provides a mechanism for employees 

and external parties to report concerns over alleged wrongful acts. The procedures for 

whistleblowing are also saved under cloud-storage folders, which are accessible by 

employees of the company and its subsidiaries where they can call or email the Audit 

Committee Chairman directly on all matters. The follow up procedures regarding matters 

raised are also stated and whistleblowers are assured that all actions in good faith will not 

affect them in their work and staff appraisals. The Audit Committee discharges its duties 

objectively as disclosed in our Annual Report 2019, Corporate Governance Report, Provision 

10.1, pages 31 to 32.  

We have achieved our goal of no reported incidents of corruption during the reporting period. 

Our goal is to continue to maintain zero incidents of corruption. We will regularly review 

policies on whistleblowing and anti-corruption. 

 

 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

9 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

ENERGY 

Conservation of Energy 

From January 2019 to December 2019, we have achieved an average electricity consumption 

of 1,327kWh with an occupancy rate of 90.7% in all our hotel properties. In FY2020, our goal 

is to continue to reinforce our initiatives and minimise environmental impact by minimizing 

carbon emissions and reducing consumption of energy by 3%.  

 

2019 Energy Consumption Initiative and Infrastructure Investments &amp; Services 

As an initiative of going green and conservation of energy, Katrina’s hospitality business 

has invested in sensorflow system. Sensorflow technology uses wireless sensors to 

gather real time data within hotel rooms, providing insights, automating decision making 

and optimizing hotel’s energy efficiency. Their Internet of Things (“IoT”) and Artificial 

Intelligence (“AI”) solutions optimize hotels’ system performance and reduce energy 

wastage and automate room temperature according to guests’ behavior.  

With the help of this system, room air conditioning is switched off when guests are not 

detected in the room. We are also able to regulate the temperature so that the air 

conditioning are able to function at optimal energy usage contributing to the reduction of 

carbon print emissions at the same time.  

Katrina 

also 

makes 

significant 

investments in technology to automate 

the 

operational 

processes 

for 

our 

hospitality business. With self-check-in 

and check-out applications, we do not 

have a physical reception and are able to 

place bookings from the applications. 

Smart locks are also paired and linked to 

these applications where guests are 

given unique passwords to access their 

rooms upon checking-in. We also have 

robo-chat to assists our guests in the 

event if they face any difficulties.  

In FY2020, we aim to integrate facial recognition into our applications, implement 

integration customer relations program such as loyalty program and community chat for 

in-house guests to drive ancillary sales such as sales from attraction tickets, airport 

transfers and events booking. 

 

 

 




KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

10 

 

WATER 

Water Management 

Katrina’s hospitality business has notified guests with eco-cards that bed linens are changed 

every three days during the tenure of their stay or upon each check-out. Water savings tap 

are installed, and eco-cards are placed in the guests' room to encourage water savings. 

Katrina closely monitors the monthly water usage and leakages are promptly checked should 

there be a sudden spike in water consumption.  

From January 2019 to December 2019, we have achieved an average water consumption of 

96,871m³ with an occupancy rate of 90.7% in all our hotel properties. Katrina aims to continue 

to put in place procedures and initiatives to contribute to reduction of water consumption by 

3%.  

 

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE 

Here at Katrina, we aim to minimise wastage. For our F&amp;B business in FY2019, we had been 

suggesting our customers to avoid requesting for cutleries for delivery orders and takeaways 

to minimise usage of disposable plastic cutleries. In FY2020, we target to move forward in 

using biodegradable takeaway containers or cutleries, implementing “No Straw” policies and 

Bring Your Own (“BYO”) containers for takeaways.  

Our hospitality business has stopped providing bottled water in guests’ rooms to reduce plastic 

waste. In exchange, we have provided water dispenser in the cook laboratory in each property 

for guests. We are also using refillable toiletries in the hotels instead of individual bottles to 

reduce plastic waste. Going forward, in FY2020 we wish to minimise the potential impact of 

our operations on the environment by putting in place proper processes for waste reduction 

and waste management.  

 

Oil Waste Management 

Singapore’s solid waste output has increased significantly over the years. The amount of 

waste sent for disposal rose from 1,260 tonnes per day in 1970 to 8,443 tonnes a day in 

FY2017. This amount would continue to rise at an unsustainable rate without efforts made in 

recycling. We are environmentally friendly and dispose of our used cooking oil via an 

accredited used oil collector so that it can be treated before being responsibly recycled. The 

volume of oil waste managed through an accredited oil collector amounted to 17,743kg in 

FY2019 (FY2018: 16,220kg). The increase in oil waste was attributed to the increase in outlets 

acquired in FY2019. 

Our goal is to minimise the potential impact of our operations on the environment by putting 

in place proper processes for waste reduction and waste management. We aim to maintain 

the same volume of oil waste managed through the accredited oil collector as FY2019.  

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

Katrina complies with Majlis Ugama Islam Singapura (“MUIS”) also known as the Islamic 

Religious Council of Singapore, National Environment Agency (“NEA”) and Singapore Police 

Force (“SPF”) compliance regulations. 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

11 

 

In FY2019, Katrina had 40 visits (FY2018: 10 visits) from the NEA for our 44 restaurants. 

There was no significant warnings or incidents in the current visits as targeted. We endeavour 

to maintain zero incidents of non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations. 

 

SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT 

Katrina performs regular vendor evaluation on existing suppliers to assess the following 

criteria: timeliness of deliveries, quality of products upon delivery, competitiveness of price, 

quality of service provided, competitiveness of terms and conditions, credit ratings, reputation 

of the company, specifications of products to products delivered, expertise of sales staff, and 

after-sales services. In FY2020, our target is to establish procedures to take the environment 

criteria into consideration when screening and selecting new suppliers.  

 

 

 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

12 

 

SOCIAL 

EMPLOYMENT 

Katrina is recognised as one of 2019 Asia’s Top Employer Brands. Here at Katrina, our 

employees are the drivers of our business and we believe in creating a respectful, rewarding 

and safe working environment for all our people. We support and respect the protection of 

internationally proclaimed human rights. 

We respect human rights, support the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour, 

especially child labour, and do not tolerate any discrimination in respect of employment and 

occupation. 

Katrina believes in employee training and continual career development. Staff attend internal 

and external workshops together with extensive on-the-job-training. A total of 78,494 

employee-hours were invested in training in FY2019 (FY2018: 83,583 employee hours). 

The company provides competitive remuneration based on merit to all our employees. Our 

employees are not covered by collective bargaining agreements, but are given the right to 

exercise freedom of association. Employees are given a minimum of one month’s notice prior 

to any implementation of significant operational changes that could substantially affect them. 

We at Katrina pride ourselves in offering a stable and secure working environment. About 15% 

(FY2018: 13.3%) of our employees have been with Katrina for at least five (5) years. 

There was no non-compliance incident reported in the current year as we aim to maintain 

zero incidents of non-compliance of manpower related rules and regulations, as well as 

complaints. 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

We are also committed to safeguard our employees’ health and safety against any potential 

workplace hazards. The focus on health and safety is important for Katrina to achieve world-

class performance. It is a basic need for our workers to work in a safe environment, it also 

provides attainment of our employees’ wellness, our productivity increases, and our best is 

given to our customers. We implement job safety guidelines and procedures to conduct, we 

are committed to provide a hazard-free workplace to ensure the wellbeing of both our 

employees and environment. 

Katrina employs a variety of measures to ensure the health and safety of all our staff. We start 

with methodological documentation of key occupational health and safety issues on an 

employee level, we listen to all our employees’ safety concerns and suggestions. The 

company conducts regular safety checks and enforces key relevant health and safety rules. 

Our employees are trained to be safety conscious and key potential hazards in the workplace 

are identified. 

Our new employees undergo the required safety training and drills to familiarise themselves 

with the operation of the machinery and equipment as well as the safety precautions and 

procedures. 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

13 

 

We encountered 35 minor and one major work injury incidents in FY2019 (FY2018: 21 minor 

incidents and no major incidents). We have implemented the relevant policies and procedures 

to reinforce workplace safety measures. Going forward, we will continue to educate and 

reinforce workplace safety measures at all times and aim to lower the accident frequency rate 

(maximum of 30 minor incidents) in the upcoming years.  

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

A diverse workforce is an asset in today's ever-changing global marketplace. We cultivate an 

inclusive culture where employees with wide-ranging backgrounds and qualities are highly 

motivated, engaged and connected. 

Our total staff count decreased from 849 employees in FY2018 to 800 employees in FY2019 

with 739 from the F&amp;B business and 61 employees from the hospitality business (FY2018: 

F&amp;B business 827 employees; hospitality business: 22 employees). The overall decrease in 

total staff count was due to the closure of non-performing outlets in F&amp;B business.  

 

In light of our aging workforce, we look to attract the younger generation by reaching out to 

vocational educational establishments with internship programmes, sponsorships, and 

providing more career advancement opportunities. Katrina also adheres to the Tripartite 

Alliance for Fair and Progressive Employment Practices (“TAFEP”) guidelines on re-

employment of older employees. We have signed the TAFEP Pledge of Fair Employment 

Practices to adopt the five (5) principles of fair employment practices on 5 July 2018. Although 

the current statutory retirement age is 62, eligible employees will be offered a re-employment 

contract on a yearly renewable basis, up to age 65 and up to age 67 with effect from 1 July 

2017. 

A periodic employee engagement survey is conducted to determine the level of employee 

satisfaction and gather feedback. Employees’ inputs are taken into consideration for the 






KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

14 

 

formulation of human resource practices and programmes such as Corporate Social 

Responsibility (“CSR”) or Workplace Health Promotion (“WHP”) activities. 

Throughout the year, Katrina holds a range of activities to foster team-building such as beach 

cleaning, visit to the Singapore Zoo, Bowling Tournament and Dinner &amp; Dance.  

There was no incident of complaint on discrimination as targeted and we continuously aim to 

maintain zero incidents of complaint on discrimination.  

 

LOCAL COMMUNITIES 

CSR Activities 

Over the years, Katrina has engaged in CSR efforts in a number of ways, seeking to touch the 

lives of many through its CSR efforts and bringing the community at large together in the 

common quest for a better tomorrow. We encourage our employees and our matured workers 

to participate in our CSR activities and aim to promote harmonious development of the society 

by actively participating in public welfare undertakings and continually looking at ways to make 

contributions to the communities and environment. In FY2019, we have visited the Nursing 

Home, Assisi Hospice.  

 

 






KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

15 

 

CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY 

We place our priorities in our customer health and safety measures. Katrina ensures that 

certification of fire safety in accordance with the Fire Safety Act (Chapter 109A), Section 

29(3)(b) is obtained before the opening of our hotels. Fire escapes routes are installed in the 

buildings managed by Katrina and fire extinguishers are monitored regularly for expiry date 

and its working condition.  

To date, there were no incidents on compliance reported. It is our goal to maintain zero 

incidents on compliance going forward. 

 

Food Safety &amp; Hygiene 

Food safety and hygiene is of utmost importance in our commitment to deliver quality products 

and services to our customers. We work with our partners from procurement, warehouse and 

logistics, quality assurance, and operations, to achieve this objective. 

Staff attend both internal and external workshops together with extensive on-the-job-training 

on a range of areas on food safety and hygiene. 

NEA had issued demerit points and imposed composition fines to two of our outlets for failure 

to keep licensed premises clean in FY2019 (FY2018: two outlets). We had performed full 

cleaning of our outlets and put in place policies and procedures to keep the premises clean. 

There was no other non-compliance incidents as targeted. We aim to maintain zero rate of 

non-compliance of food safety and hygiene rules and regulations, as well as food safety 

incidents. 

 

Food &amp; Service Labelling 

Katrina continuously complies with all food and service labelling stipulated by NEA. Similar to 

FY2018, there was no incident of non-compliance of NEA and we continue to aim to maintain 

zero rate of non-compliance with NEA. 

 

Customer Satisfaction 

Customer satisfaction are our essential base of build- up of loyal customers. On a monthly 

basis, our marketing team consolidates customers’ feedbacks from the operation teams. As 

continuous effort to obtain customers’ feedback, automated customer feedback survey is sent 

to customers via email for our delivery orders. For dine-in customers, we strongly encourage 

our customers to provide their feedbacks on our feedback platform via social media, website 

or google review by offering complimentary dessert.  

Our staff have also won the Excellent Service Awards (Retail) by the Singapore Retailers 

Association from 2011 to 2019. This is an annual national award that recognizes individuals 

who have delivered quality service. It seeks to develop service models for others to emulate 

and to create service champions. In FY2019, we have 19 staff receiving Gold, 44 staff 

receiving Silver, and 16 staff receiving Star (FY2018: 17 staff receiving Silver, 21 staff 

receiving Gold and 16 staff receiving Star). 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

16 

 

 

In addition, Katrina has been awarded the BCA Green Mark Certification for one restaurant 

outlet in 2018, the Excellent Service Award 2016 to 2018, Top Influential Brands Award 2017, 

Certificate of Excellence 2016, Singapore’s Top Restaurant Award 2015, Singapore Health 

Bronze Award 2014, Marketing Magazine – Marketing Excellence Award 2013 which 

recognises marketing excellence, Enterprise 50 Award 2012 &amp; 2010 and Singapore service 

Star Award 2011. For Katrina’s hospitality business, we were awarded Traveller Review 

Awards 2020 with the achievement of rating of 9.10/10 from Booking.com.  

Katrina has started implementing and is still progressing with the upgrading of its Enterprise 

Resource Planning and Point-Of-Sales systems to improve customer experience and increase 

staff proficiency and productivity while lowering costs in the long run. 

We are in the midst of working towards a system to monitor customer feedbacks. We have 

maintained our overall customer positive feedbacks in FY2019 as targeted. We aim to 

continuously maintain or improve our overall customer positive feedbacks in FY2020. 

 

CUSTOMER PRIVACY 

Cyber security and data privacy are important not just for compliance, but in safeguarding both 

our data and that of our customers. Katrina has appointed a Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) 

and Data Protection Committee to oversee the Personal Data Protection Act (“PDPA”) 

obligations of the Group. A company-wide briefing was conducted and PDPA policies are 

circulated to all employees. This policy also applies to our employment process where the 

privacy of all applicants is safeguarded and access to personal data is restricted to authorised 

persons senior management on a need-to-know basis. This policy will also be integrated into 

staff induction program to ensure staff awareness on PDPA requirements.  

Katrina takes measures to guard against cyber risks for both our internal and external 

stakeholders by complying with the PDPA Policy. We regularly review our information security 

policy and have taken measures in protecting our data by installing firewalls and restricting 

the display of full personal data to last four digits on service agreements as well as restricting 

access to systems where personal data collected are stored. At the office level, we take 

precautionary steps by installing privacy screen on computers that handle personal data and 

cautioned employees leaving sensitive data on desk or printer area.  

There was no non-compliance with PDPA reported in FY2019. Moving forward, we target to 

safeguard our data and our customers’ privacy and ensure compliance with PDPA. 

 

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE 

We pride ourselves in having good corporate governance and observing compliance with 

applicable laws and regulations. Katrina is committed to conduct the business with integrity and 

to safeguard the interest of all our stakeholders, both internal and external. There were no 

significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws and regulations over 

the past year. 

 

 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

17 

 

We have obtained relevant certifications in compliance with the applicable laws and 

regulations in the businesses we engaged in. These certifications are respectively issued by 

Urban Redevelopment Authority (“URA”), NEA and Building and Construction Authority 

(“BCA”).  

We have successfully achieved our target in maintaining zero incidents of non-compliance 

with applicable laws and regulations. Our aim is to maintain zero incidents of non-compliance 

with the relevant laws and regulations such as Fire Safety (Building Fire Safety) Regulations, 

URA Act, NEA Act and BCA Act.  

 

Associations 

Our director, Mr Alan Goh, Executive Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer of the 

company, is an EXCO member of Restaurant Association of Singapore. 

 

 

 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

18 

 

GOVERNANCE 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

At Katrina, we believe that strong governance is the key to a sustainable business. Throughout 

FY2019, we continue to comply with the Code of Corporate Governance. Please refer to pages 

16 to 50 of our Annual Report 2019 on more details of Katrina Group corporate governance 

practices. 

It is a continual challenge to successfully manage the environmental and social issues. Katrina 

has incorporated this into our business model and implemented sustainable and responsible 

practices in the company. Our products and services meet what we believe are key 

requirements demanded by our customers and the regulatory bodies. We meet key 

environmental and safety standards that are expected of us. 

Katrina pays strict attention to enforce good labour practices in all our operations. The company 

provides many training opportunities for continued employee development and this is reflected 

in the quality and delivery of our products and services. We value our relationships with our 

clients and the wider community in which we operate and these relationships have helped us 

through challenging times in the past. Katrina strongly believes that in the long run, these 

efforts will have a positive impact on our economic performance. 

We believe that our constant drive for corporate excellence will allow us to establish a more 

transparent, accountable and equitable system, thereby increasing the value of the company 

and its value to our stakeholders. 

 

We will continue to comply with the Code of Corporate Governance and meet all requirements 

that are expected of us by our stakeholders. 

 

BUSINESS ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE 

When it comes to hiring, we seriously take any possibility of conflict of interest into 

consideration. Our code of conduct clearly spells out Katrina’s expectations from our staff and 

consequences if any of the rules are violated or standards not met. In addition, we also have 

clear and fair grievances procedures.  

Business ethics are communicated to all our heads of business units regularly and they are 

fully aware that compliance with rules and regulations is a key part of running a responsible 

business. The company regularly updates key staff with developments in international and 

local regulations. Katrina fully complies with key environmental rules and regulations, anti-

competitive behavior laws and key requirements on health and safety.  

We have also achieved our target to maintain zero incidents of non-compliance with 

governance-related laws and regulations as evidenced by the visits by NEA. For FY2019, 

there were no significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws and 

regulations. There have also been no reported incidents of corruption during the reporting 

period.  


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

19 

 

Our target is to ensure all allegations received, if any, are promptly addressed and aim towards 

maintaining zero incidents of non-compliance with governance-related laws and regulations 

such as PDPA, Companies Act and Income Tax Act.  

 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT (“ERM”) 

The Board recognises the importance of maintaining a sound system of risk management and 

internal control to safeguard the shareholders’ interests and the Group’s assets, and to 

manage risks. The company manages risks under an overall strategy determined by the Board 

and supported by the various Board Committees. The Board and various Board committees 

oversee and ensure that such a system is appropriately implemented and monitored. The risk 

management and internal control processes framework are intended to provide reasonable 

but not absolute assurance against material misstatements or loss, to safeguard assets and 

maintenance of proper accounting records, reliability of financial information, compliance with 

appropriate legislations, regulations and best practices, and the identification and containment 

of business risks. For detailed disclosure on our risk management, please refer to page 30 of 

our Annual Report FY2019. 

We aim to review the ERM policies regularly to ensure all relevant risks are identified, 

communicated and addressed timely. 

 

 

 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

20 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Number 

 

Disclosure Title 

 

Report Section 

 

Page 

Reference 

General Disclosures 

Organisational Profile 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

About This Report 

2 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Katrina AR 2019 

2 to 5 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Katrina AR 2019 

14 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Katrina AR 2019 

2 to 5 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Katrina AR 2019 

9 

102-6 

Markets served 

Katrina AR 2019 

2 to 5 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Employment  

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

12 

13 to 14 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Employment 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

Occupational Health and Safety 

12 

13 to 14 

12 to 13 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Food Safety &amp; Hygiene 

Food &amp; Service Labelling 

15 

15 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain 

About This Report 

2 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

None 

- 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Local Communities 

14 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Associations 

17 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

Board Statement 

2 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

Business Ethics and Compliance 

18 to 19 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Katrina AR 2019 

Governance 

16 to 50 

18 to 19 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholder Engagement 

4 to 5 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

- 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Stakeholder Engagement 

4  

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholder Engagement 

4 to 5 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholder Engagement 

4 to 5 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Katrina AR 2019 

9 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic Boundaries 

About This Report 

2 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Material Aspects Assessment 

5 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

About This Report 

2 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None 

- 

102-50 

Reporting period 

About This Report 

2 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

27 May 2019 

- 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

- 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

About This Report 

2 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

About This Report 

2 

102-55 

GRI content index 

GRI Content Index 

20 to 21 

102-56 

External assurance 

About This Report 

2 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

21 

 

 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Number 

 

Disclosure Title 

 

Report Section 

 

Page 

Reference 

Material Topics 

Category: Economic 

Economic Performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Economic Performance 

6 

Anti-corruption 

205-2 

Communications and training about anti- corruption 

policies and procedures 

Anti-corruption 

Business Ethics and Compliance 

8 

18 to 19 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

Anti-corruption 

Business Ethics and Compliance  

8 

18 to 19 

Category: Environmental 

Energy 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organisation 

Conservation of Energy 

9 

302-4 

Reduction of energy consumption 

Conservation of Energy 

9 

Water 

303-1 

Interactions with water as a shared resource 

Water Management 

10 

Effluents and Waste 

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal method 

Oil Waste Management 

10 

Environmental Compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations 

Environmental Compliance 

10 to 11 

Supplier Environmental Assessment 

308-1 

New suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria 

Supplier Environmental Assessment 

11 

Category: Social 

Employment 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

Employment 

12 

Occupational Health and Safety 

403-1 

Occupational health and safety management system 

Occupational health and safety 

12 to 13 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

13 to 14 

Local Communities 

413-1 

Operations with local community engagement, 

impact assessments, and development programs 

Local Communities 

14 

Customer Health and Safety 

416-1 

Assessment of health and safety impacts 

of product and service categories 

Customer Health and Safety 

Customer Satisfaction 

15 

15 to 16 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

the health and safety impacts of products 

and services 

Food Safety &amp; Hygiene 

Food &amp; Service Labelling 

15 

15 

Customer Privacy 

418-1 

Substantiated complaints concerning 

breaches of customer privacy and losses of 

customer data 

Customer Privacy 

16 

Socioeconomic Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations 

in the social and economic area 

Socioeconomic Compliance 

16 to 17 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

21 

 

 



