
KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 | 1










KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 | 1

ABOUT THIS REPORT  

We are pleased to present Katrina Group Ltd’s (“Katrina’s”) annual Sustainability Report, for our 

financial year ended 31 December 2018 (“FY2018”). This report is set out on a “comply or explain” basis 

in accordance with Catalist Rule 711B and Practice Note 7.6 of the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual on Continuing Listing Obligations. Katrina has chosen the 

Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: Core Option as it is the most established international 

sustainability reporting standard that covers a comprehensive range of sustainability disclosures. In 

accordance with the GRI Standards, the report highlights the key economic, environmental, social and 

governance (“EESG”) related initiatives carried out throughout a 12-month period, from 1 January to 31 

December 2018.  

In defining our reporting content, we applied the GRI’s principles for defining report content by 

considering the Group’s activities, impacts and substantive expectations and interests of its 

stakeholders. We observed a total of four principles, including materiality, stakeholder inclusiveness, 

sustainability index and completeness. For reporting quality, we observed the principles of balance, 

comparability, accuracy, timeliness, clarity and reliability.  

The EESG data and information provided have not been verified by an independent third party. We have 

relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy. As in FY2017, we focus our report 

on our F&amp;B business and we look forward to include our Hospitality Business in FY2019. 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables us 

to improve our policies, systems and results. You may call our office phone number at (65) 6292 4748.  

BOARD STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY

The key material economic, environmental, social and governance factors for Katrina have been 

identified and reviewed by the Chairman and the CEO. The board of directors of Katrina (“Board”) 

oversees the management and monitoring of these factors and takes them into consideration in the 

determination of the company’s strategic direction and policies. Sustainability is a part of Katrina’s wider 

strategy to create long term value for all our stakeholders. 

With the availability of EESG data, sustainability reporting has gained greater significance to investors 

eager to analyse more and more data. Far from being just an image building exercise today it is widely 

accepted that good EESG practices contribute to the overall long-term success of the company and 

plays an important part in the competition for investment. 

Businesses must be quick to adapt to key stakeholders’ concerns, closing any potential gaps and 

capitalizing on given opportunities. Amid today’s rapid business environment, the Board is fully 

committed in supporting the management in upholding governance and sustainability practices to 

achieve long-term success and value for its stakeholders. 

27 May 2019 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 | 2

CORPORATE PROFILE 

With an established history since 1995, Katrina Group Ltd. (“Katrina” or the “Group”) is a Food &amp; 

Beverage (F&amp;B) group that specialises in multi-cuisine concepts and restaurant operations. The Group 

owns and operates 45 restaurants in Singapore, 4 restaurants in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) 

and 1 maiden restaurant in Indonesia under 10 different F&amp;B brands, namely, Bali Thai, Honguo, 

Indobox, So Pho, Streats, Bayang, Hutong, Muchos, RENNthai, and Tomo Izakaya. These brands serve 

authentic cuisines of 8 different ethnicities, namely Hong Kong, Indonesian, Japanese, Mexican, 

northern Chinese, Thai, Vietnamese and Yunnan.  

Katrina prides itself on the identification of consumer trends and creating concepts that meet the demand 

of a wide spectrum of patrons from different market segments.  

Of the Group’s ten brands, 5 are casual dining brands and 5 are mid-ranged dining brands, all 

strategically located in convenient and high foot traffic locations. In addition, 4 of the Katrina Group’s 

brands – Bali Thai, Indobox, So Pho and Streats – are Halal-certified.  

Katrina also acquired affordable and diverse accommodation provider, Straits Organization Pte. Ltd. 

(“SOPL”) in December 2018. SOPL currently manages 202 units in 33 different apartments and 

condominiums located in the central business district area, central, east and west of Singapore and 15 

serviced apartments in Hong Kong.  

Corporate Milestone 




KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 | 3

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

OUR SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT  

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and material 

aspects relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken into 

account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, but are not limited to, 

customers, suppliers, employees, investors, and regulators. We adopt both formal and informal channels 

of communication to understand the needs of key stakeholders, and incorporate these into our corporate 

strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships. 

The table below sets out our engagement with our stakeholders: 

Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Key Concerns Raised 

Employees  

Open dialogues among teams  

Induction and orientation program 

Comprehensive training 

Staff appraisal 

Adhoc 

Weekly 

Monthly 

Bi-Annually 

Health and safety  

Wage and hiring  

Training and development  

Work-life balance 

Incentives and benefits 

Customers 

Hotline  

Email queries  

Customer feedback and survey 

Social media campaigns  

Advertisements, marketing or 

product launch events 

Phone calls and e-mails  

Quality of service 

Suppliers and 

Service Providers 

Positive relationship management 

through communication and 

mutual understanding so that 

expectations (i.e timely delivery of 

goods, prompt payment cycles) 

are properly communicated and 

understood on both ends. Annual 

review and feedback sessions. 

Regular meetings, phone 

calls and e-mails  

Product and service quality 

Investors / 

Shareholders  

Annual Report  

Annual General Meeting  

Investor meetings 

Results briefings 

Corporate Announcements / 

Press releases 

Annually 

Annually 

Annually or when needed 

Half-yearly 

When needed 

Branding 

Marketing initiatives 

Local 

communities  

Donations 

Various social events  

Annually or when needed 

Enticing events 

Plan and 

Scope

Engage 

Stakeholders

Assess 

Materiality

Collect 

Data

Report


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 | 4

Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Key Concerns Raised 

Government and 

Regulators  

Face-to-face meetings  

Regular reports  

Participation in discussions  

Spot checks at central kitchens 

and outlets 

Industry workshops 

Annually or when needed 

Maintaining good corporate 

governance standard 

MATERIAL ASPECTS ASSESSMENT 

We conducted a materiality assessment during the year internally. Going forward, materiality review will 

be conducted every year, incorporating inputs from the stakeholder engagements. 

Senior management together with the external consultant identified and prioritised material aspects 

through internal workshops, peer review and social impact assessments at site level. In addition, we 

assessed its potential impact on the economy, environment and society and the influence on the 

stakeholders.  Applying the guidance from GRI, we have identified the following material aspects: 

Economic 

Economic performance 

Anti-corruption 

Environmental  

Effluents and waste 

Supplier environmental 

assessment 

Environmental 

compliance 

Social 

Employment 

Diversity and equal 

opportunity 

Occupational health 

and safety 

Customer health and 

safety 

Local communities 

Governance 

Corporate Governance 

Business Ethics and 

Compliance 

Enterprise Risk 

management










KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 | 5

ECONOMIC 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

Here at Katrina, we are committed to grow our customers and exceed our customers’ expectations and 

provide them with delicious traditional food in delectable surroundings. For detailed financial results, 

please refer to the following sections in our Annual Report 2018: 

• Financial Review, pages 9 - 10 

• Financial Statements, pages 62 - 127 

Our goal is to be the leading F&amp;B company offering customers a great dining experience by delivering 

quality food and exceptional services. 

MARKET PRESENCE 

Katrina aims to meet consumer trends and allows its customers to enjoy a wide range of cuisines. Katrina 

is an operator of chains of restaurants and cafes under different F&amp;B brands and concepts. Our Group 

owns and operates restaurants under ten different F&amp;B brands that are developed or managed and 

owned by us. 

Each of our brands serves authentic cuisines of different ethnicity, namely Hong Kong, Indonesian, 

Japanese, Mexican, Northern Chinese, Thai, Vietnamese, and Yunan Chinese. In addition, each brand 

is accompanied by tailored décor and designs in our restaurants and cafes to provide patrons with 

comfortable ambience.  




KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 | 6

The Group is actively exploring opportunities to grow its business through acquisitions, joint ventures, 

franchising and strategic alliances with parties who can help to strengthen its brands and expand its 

market share in the region, to support its growth with lower investment risks.

Please refer to pages 3 - 5 of our Annual Report 2018 for the location of the outlets in respect of each 

dining brand. 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

Here at Katrina, we do not tolerate corruption in any form. We prohibit corruption in all forms, including 

extortion and bribery. This has been made clear to all of our employees, our suppliers and our business 

partners. Our whistleblowing policy provides a mechanism for employees and external parties to report 

concerns over alleged wrongful acts. Any report of corruption are escalated to the attention of the 

Chairman. 

There have also been no reported incidents of corruption during the reporting period (FY2017: Nil). Our 

goal is to maintain zero incidents of corruption. We will regularly review policies on whistleblowing and 

anti-corruption. 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 | 7

ENVIRONMENT  

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE  

OIL WASTE MANAGEMENT 

Singapore’s solid waste output has increased significantly over the years. The amount of waste sent for 

disposal rose from 1,260 tonnes per day in 1970 to 8,443 tonnes a day in FY2017. This amount would 

continue to rise at an unsustainable rate without efforts made in recycling. We are environmentally 

friendly and dispose of our used cooking oil via an accredited used oil collector so that it can be treated 

before being responsibly recycled. The volume of oil waste managed through accredited oil collector 

amounted to 16,220 kg in FY2018 (FY2017: 15,511 kg). 

Our goal is to minimise the potential impact of our operations on the environment by putting in place 

proper processes for waste reduction and waste management. 

SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT 

Katrina performs regular vendor evaluation on existing suppliers to assess the following criteria: 

Timeliness of deliveries, quality of products upon delivery, competitiveness of price, quality of service 

provided, competitiveness of terms and conditions, credit ratings, reputation of the company, 

specifications of products to products delivered, expertise of sales staff, and after sales services. All our 

vendors were judged to be satisfactory in all criteria. 

We will make sure that all new suppliers will be screened and selected with taking into consideration of 

environmental criteria. 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

Katrina complies with Majlis Ugama Islam Singapura (MUIS) also known as the Islamic Religious Council 

of Singapore, National Environment Agency (NEA) and Singapore Police Force (SPF) compliance 

regulations. 

In FY2018, Katrina had only ten visits (FY2017: nine visits) from the NEA for our forty-five restaurants 

and there was no significant warnings or incidents. 

We aim to maintain zero incidents of non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations.  


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 | 8

SOCIAL 

EMPLOYMENT  

Here at Katrina, our employees are the drivers of our business and we believe in creating a respectful, 

rewarding and safe working environment for all our people. We support and respect the protection of 

internationally proclaimed human rights. 

We respect human rights, support the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour, especially 

child labour, and do not tolerate any discrimination in respect of employment and occupation. 

Katrina believes in employee training and continual career development. Staff attend internal and 

external workshops together with extensive on-the-job-training. A total of 83,583 employee-hours were 

invested in training in FY2018 (FY2017: 118,000 employee hours). 

The company provides competitive remuneration based on merit to all our employees. Our employees 

are not covered by collective bargaining agreements, but are given the right to exercise freedom of 

association. Employees are given a minimum of one month’s notice prior to any implementation of 

significant operational changes that could substantially affect them. 

We at Katrina pride ourselves in offering a stable and secure working environment. About 13.3% 

(FY2017: 11.7%) of our employees have been with Katrina for at least 5 years. 

We aim to maintain zero incidents of non-compliance of manpower related rules and regulations, as well 

as complaints.  

DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION

A diverse workforce is an asset in today's ever-changing global marketplace. We cultivate an inclusive 

culture where employees with wide-ranging backgrounds and qualities are highly motivated, engaged 

and connected.  

40%

45%

15%

Employee Age Distribution

&lt; 30 years

30 - 50 years

&gt; 50 years

47%

53%

Gender Breakdown

Male

Female


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 | 9

In light of our aging workforce, we look to attract the younger generation by reaching out to vocational 

educational establishments with internship programmes, sponsorships, and providing more career 

advancement opportunities. Katrina also adheres to the Tripartite Alliance for Fair and Progressive 

Employment Practices (TAFEP) guidelines on re-employment of older employees. We have signed the 

TAFEP Pledge of Fair Employment Practices to adopt the 5 principles of fair employment practices on 5 

July 2018. Although the current statutory retirement age is 62, eligible employees will be offered a re-

employment contract on a yearly renewable basis, up to age 65 and up to age 67 with effect from 1 July 

2017. 

A periodic employee engagement survey is conducted to determine the level of employee satisfaction 

and gather feedback. Employees’ inputs are taken into consideration for the formulation of human 

resource practices and programmes such as Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) or Workplace Health 

Promotion (WHP) activities. 

Throughout the year, Katrina holds a range of activities to foster team-building such as Futsal, 

MacRitchie National Reserve and Tree Top Walk, Basketball Tournament,  Dinner &amp; Dance and visit to 

the Nursing Home.  

We aim to maintain zero incidents of complaint on discrimination. 


















KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 | 10

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

We are also committed to safeguard our employees’ health and safety against any potential workplace 

hazards. The focus on health and safety is important for Katrina to achieve world-class performance. It 

is a basic need for our workers to work in a safe environment, it also provides attainment of our 

employees’ wellness, our productivity increases, and our best is given to our customers. We implement 

job safety guidelines and procedures to conduct, we are committed to provide a hazard-free workplace 

to ensure the wellbeing of both our employees and environment. 

Katrina employs a variety of measures to ensure the health and safety of all our staff. We start with a 

methodological documentation of key occupational health and safety issues on an employee level, we 

listen to all our employees’ safety concerns and suggestions. The company conducts regular safety 

checks and enforces key relevant health and safety rules. Our employees are trained to be safety 

conscious and key potential hazards in the workplace are identified. 

Our new employees undergo the required safety training and drills to familiarize themselves with the 

operation of the machinery and equipment as well as the safety precautions and procedures.  

We encountered 21 minor work injury incidents in FY2018 (FY2017: 17 incidents). We will continue to 

stress workplace safety at all times and aim to lower the accident frequency rate in the upcoming years.  

CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY 

FOOD SAFETY &amp; HYGIENE  

Food safety and hygiene is of utmost importance in our commitment to deliver quality products and 

services to our customers. We work with our partners from procurement, warehouse and logistics, quality 

assurance, and operations, to achieve this objective. 

Staff attend both internal and external workshops together with extensive on-the-job-training on a range 

of areas on food safety and hygiene.  

NEA had issued demerit points and imposed composition fines to two of our outlets for failure to keep 

licensed premises clean in FY2018.  We had resolved and there were no other findings.  We aim to 

maintain zero rate of non-compliance of food safety and hygiene rules and regulations, as well as food 

safety incidents. 

FOOD &amp; SERVICE LABELLING

Katrina complies with all food and service labelling stipulated by NEA. We aim to maintain zero rate of 

non-compliance with NEA. 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 | 11

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION 

Katrina has engaged Mobikon, a Singapore-based marketing and customer engagement platform for 

restaurants, to obtain real-time feedback from customers on customer satisfaction to encourage a build-

up of loyal customers. On average, all outlets across the different brands, the rating given by customers 

are above 4.6 on a scale of 1-5.  

Our staff have also won the Excellent Service Awards (Retail) by the Singapore Retailers Association 

from 2011 to 2018. This is an annual national award that recognises individuals who have delivered 

quality service. It seeks to develop service models for others to emulate and to create service champions. 

In FY2018, we have 21 staff receiving Gold, 17 staff receiving Silver, and 16 staff receiving Star (2017: 

29 staff receiving Silver, 16 staff receiving Gold and 9 staff receiving Star). 

In addition Katrina has been awarded the BCA Green Mark Certification for one restaurant outlet in 2018, 

the Excellent Service Award 2016 to 2018, Top Influential Brands Award 2017, Certificate of Excellence 

2016, Singapore’s Top Restaurant Award 2015, Singapore Health Bronze Award 2014, Marketing 

Magazine – Marketing Excellence Award 2013 which recognises marketing excellence, Enterprise 50 

Award 2012 &amp; 2010 and Singapore service Star Award 2011.  

The Singapore Health (Helping Employees Achieve Life-Time Health) recognises companies with 

outstanding workplace health promotion practices. The Enterprise 50 Award, first established in 1995, 

recognises local, privately-held companies who have contributed to economic development in Singapore 

and abroad. 

Katrina have started implementation and still progressing with the upgrading of its Enterprise Resource 

Planning and Point-Of-Sales systems to improve customer experience and increase staff proficiency and 

productivity while lowering costs in the long run. 

We aim to maintain or improve our overall customer satisfaction score in FY2019. 

ASSOCIATIONS  

Our director, Mr Alan Goh, Executive Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, 

is an EXCO member of Restaurant Association of Singapore.  


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 | 12

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE 

We pride ourselves in having good corporate governance and observing compliance with applicable laws 

and regulations. Katrina is committed to conduct the business with integrity and to safeguard the interest 

of all our stakeholders, both internal and external. There were no significant fines or non-monetary 

sanctions for non-compliance with laws and regulations over the past year. 

Our objective is to maintain zero incidents of non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

LOCAL COMMUNITIES  

CSR ACTIVITIES

Over the years, Katrina has engaged in CSR efforts in a number of ways, seeking to touch the lives of 

many through its CSR efforts and bringing the community at large together in the common quest for a 

better tomorrow.   We aim to promote harmonious development of the society by actively participating in 

public welfare undertakings and continually looking at ways to make contributions to the environment.  

Metta School Charity Program 

The Group participated in a charity program, "Care for Community Scheme" in which Katrina’s restaurants 

became the training grounds for students from Metta School to experience real-life on-the-job training. The 

program provided Metta students with appropriate vocational knowledge and skills which they can put to 

great use in future. The Group takes great pride in being able to support this special program and remains 

confident that it will make a real difference to the lives of these students.  

Yew Tee Nursing Home

As an established Food &amp; Beverage Group, we have a unique 

opportunity to play an active role in the communities we serve and 

support good causes. On 10 December 2018, the Group participated 

in a fun-filled Christmas party with the residents of the Yew Tee 

Nursing home organized by the Methodist Welfare Services. The 

visit was an enriching and rewarding experience for the residents 

and our employees. It allowed our employees to develop an attitude 

to gratitude and build stronger relationships together. 

Crest Secondary School 

The Group participated in the school’s “Industrial Experiential Program” in which 4 Katrina’s restaurants 

became the training grounds for students from Crest Secondary School to experience real-life on-the-job 

training for 3 weeks. 

International Seakeepers Society, Asia 

During the year, we sponsored S$10,000 to the SeaKeepers Asia Awards Dinner 2018. The International 

Seakeepers Society, Asia, is a non-profit organisation which supports marine science and conservation by 

utilizing yachts as platforms for marine research, educational outreach, and to deploy oceanographic 

instruments. 

SHINE Children and Youth Services 

During the year, we sponsored S$10,000 to SHINE Charity Golf 2018. This annual tournament aimed to raise 

funds to support positively in the development of its children and youth into competent, confident and young 

people of exemplary character. 












KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 | 13

GOVERNANCE  

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

At Katrina, we believe that strong governance is the key to a sustainable business. Throughout FY2018, 

we continue to comply with the Code of Corporate Governance. Please refer to pages 16 to 61 of our 

Annual Report 2018 on more details of Katrina Group corporate governance practices. 

It is a continual challenge to successfully manage the environmental and social issues. Katrina has 

incorporated this into our business model and implemented sustainable and responsible practices in the 

company. Our products and services meet what we believe are key requirements demanded by our 

customers and the regulatory bodies. We meet key environmental and safety standards that are 

expected of us. 

Katrina pays strict attention to enforce good labour practices in all our operations. The company provides 

many training opportunities for continued employee development and this is reflected in the quality and 

delivery of our products and services. We value our relationships with our clients and the wider 

community in which we operate and these relationships have helped us through challenging times in the 

past. Katrina strongly believes that in the long run, these efforts will have a positive impact on our 

economic performance. 

We believe that our constant drive for corporate excellence will allow us to establish a more transparent, 

accountable and equitable system, thereby increasing the value of the Company and its value to our 

stakeholders. 

BUSINESS ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE 

When it comes to hiring, we seriously take any possibility of conflict of interest into consideration. Our 

code of conduct clearly spells out Katrina’s expectations from our staff and consequences if any of the 

rules are violated or standards not met. In addition we also have clear and fair grievance procedures. 

Business ethics are communicated to all our heads of business units regularly and they are fully aware 

that compliance with rules and regulations is a key part of running a responsible business. The company 

regularly updates key staff with development in international and local regulations. Katrina fully complies 

with key environmental rules and regulations, anti-competitive behaviour laws and key requirements on 

health and safety.  


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 | 14

Cyber security and data privacy are important not just for compliance, but in safeguarding both our data 

and that of our customers. Katrina takes measures to guard against cyber risks for both our internal and 

external stakeholders by complying with the Personal Data Protection Act Policy. This policy also applies 

to our employment process where the privacy of all applicants is safeguarded and access to personal 

data is restricted to authorised persons senior management on a need-to-know basis. 

For the 2018 financial year, there were no significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance 

with laws and regulations. There have also been no reported incidents of corruption during the reporting 

period.  

Our target is to ensure all allegation received, if any, are promptly addressed and aim towards 

maintaining zero incidents of non-compliance with governance-related laws and regulations.    

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT (ERM) 

The Board recognises the importance of maintaining a sound system of risk management and internal 

control to safeguard the shareholders’ interests and the Group’s assets, and to manage risks. The 

Company manages risks under an overall strategy determined by the Board and supported by the 

various Board Committees. The Board and various Board committees oversee and ensure that such a 

system is appropriately implemented and monitored. The risk management and internal control 

processes framework are intended to provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material 

misstatements or loss, to safeguard assets and maintenance of proper accounting records, reliability of 

financial information, compliance with appropriate legislations, regulations and best practices, and the 

identification and containment of business risks. For detailed disclosure on our risk management, please 

refer to pages 40 to 42 of our Annual Report FY2018. 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 | 15

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Number

Disclosure Title 

Report Section 

Page 

Reference 

General Disclosures

Organizational Profile

102-1

Name of the organization

About This Report

1

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

Katrina AR 2018

3 to 5

102-3

Location of headquarters

Katrina AR 2018

3 to 5

102-4

Location of operations

Katrina AR 2018

3 to 5

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Katrina AR 2018

105

102-6

Markets served

Katrina AR 2018

2

102-7 

Scale of the organization 

Employment 

Diversity &amp; Inclusion

8 

8 to 9

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Employment 

Diversity &amp; Inclusion 

Occupational Health and Safety

8 

8 to 9 

10

102-9 

Supply chain 

Food Safety &amp; Hygiene 

Food &amp; Service Labelling

10 

10

102-10 

Significant changes to the organization and its supply 

chain

None 

- 

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

None

-

102-12

External initiatives

Local Communities

12

102-13

Membership of associations

Associations

11

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Board Statement on Sustainability

1

Ethics and integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour

Business Ethics and Compliance

13 to 14

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

Katrina AR 2018

16 to 61

Stakeholder engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder Engagement

3 to 4

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

None

-

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Stakeholder Engagement

3 to 4

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder Engagement

3 to 4

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder Engagement

3 to 4

Reporting practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements

Katrina AR 2018 

105 - 106 

102-46

Defining report content and topic Boundaries

About This Report

1

102-47 

List of material topics 

Material Aspects Assessment 

4 

Reporting practice

102-48 

Restatements of information 

None 

- 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None 

- 

102-50 

Reporting period 

About This Report 

1 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

31 December 2018 

1 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

- 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

About This Report 

1 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

About This Report 

1 

102-55 

GRI content index 

GRI Content Index 

15 to 16 

102-56 

External assurance 

We may seek external assurance in the future. 

- 

Material Topics 

Category: Economic 

Economic Performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Economic Performance 

5 

Anti-corruption 

205-2 

Communications and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures 

Business Ethics, Anti-corruption and Compliance 6 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

Business Ethics, Anti-corruption and Compliance 6 

Category: Environmental 

Effluents and waste 

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal method 

Oil Waste Management 

7 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 | 16

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Number

Disclosure Title 

Report Section 

Page 

Reference 

Environmental Compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

Environmental Compliance 

7 

Supplier Environmental Assessment 

308-1 

New suppliers that were screened using environmental 

criteria 

Supplier Environmental Assessment  

7 

Category: Social 

Employment 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover

Fair employment practice &amp; group policy 

8 

Occupational health and safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number of 

work-related fatalities 

Occupational health and safety 

10 

Diversity and equal opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

Diversity and inclusion 

8 to 9 

Local Communities 

413-1 

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programs 

Local Communities 

12 

Customer Health and Safety 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the 

health and safety impacts of products and 

services 

Food Safety &amp; Hygiene 

10 

Socioeconomic Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in 

the social and economic area 

Compliance 

12 

