









KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 | 1

ABOUT THIS REPORT  

We are pleased to present Katrina Group Ltd’s (Katrina’s) inaugural annual Sustainability Report, for 

our financial year ended 31 December 2017. This report is set out on a “comply or explain” basis in 

accordance with Catalist Rule 711B and Practice Note 7.6 of the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (SGX-ST) Listing Manual on Continuing Listing Obligations. Katrina has chosen the 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards: Core Option as it is the most established international 

sustainability reporting standard that covers a comprehensive range of sustainability disclosures. In 

accordance with the GRI Standards, the report highlights the key economic, environmental, social 

and governance related initiatives carried out throughout a 12-month period, from 1 January to 31 

December 2017. 

In defining our reporting content, we applied the GRI’s principles for defining report content by 

considering the Group’s activities, impacts and substantive expectations and interests of its 

stakeholders. We observed a total of four principles, including materiality, stakeholder inclusiveness, 

sustainability index and completeness. For reporting quality, we observed the principles of balance, 

comparability, accuracy, timeliness, clarity and reliability.  

The EESG data and information provided have not been verified by an independent third party. We 

have relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy. 

BOARD STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY

The key material economic, environmental, social and governance (EESG) factors for Katrina have 

been identified and reviewed by the Chairman and the CEO. The board of directors of Katrina (Board) 

oversees the management and monitoring of these factors and takes them into consideration in the 

determination of the company’s strategic direction and policies. Sustainability is a part of Katrina’s 

wider strategy to create long term value for all our stakeholders. 

With the availability of EESG data, sustainability reporting has gained greater significance to investors 

eager to analyse more and more data. Far from being just an image building exercise today it is widely 

accepted that good EESG practices contribute to the overall long-term success of the company and 

plays an important part in the competition for investment. 

Businesses must be quick to adapt to key stakeholders’ concerns, closing any potential gaps and 

capitalising on given opportunities. Amid today’s rapid business environment, the Board is fully 

committed in supporting the management in upholding governance and sustainability practices to 

achieve long-term success and value for its stakeholders. 

31 December 2018 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 | 2

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

SUSTAINABILITY VISION AND MISSION 

We, Katrina have a great passion for various flavours of dining experience through delectable dishes. 

A wide array of dishes and quality food served in all our restaurants, surrounded from fine-dining 

experience, cozy ambience to casual atmosphere that is fun and friendly. 

We envision to be the leading food and beverage (F&amp;B) company helming exciting restaurant brands 

that offer customers great dining experiences by delivering great food and service. 

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE 

At Katrina, we believe that strong governance is the key to a sustainable business. Throughout 2017, 

we continue to comply with the Code of Corporate Governance. Please refer to pages 14 to 49 of our 

Annual Report 2017 on more details of Katrina Group corporate governance practices. 

It is a continual challenge to successfully manage the environmental and social issues. Katrina has 

incorporated this into our business model and implemented sustainable and responsible practices in 

the company. Our products and services meet what we believe are key requirements demanded by 

our customers and the regulatory bodies. We meet key environmental and safety standards that are 

expected of us. 

Katrina pays strict attention to enforce good labour practices in all our operations. The company 

provides many training opportunities for continued employee development and this is reflected in the 

quality and delivery of our products and services. We value our relationships with our clients and the 

wider community in which we operate and these relationships have helped us through challenging 

times in the past. Katrina strongly believes that in the long run, these efforts will have a positive impact 

on our economic performance. 

RISK MANAGEMENT 

The Board recognises the importance of maintaining a sound system of risk management and internal 

control to safeguard the shareholders’ interests and the Group’s assets, and to manage risks. The 

Company manages risks under an overall strategy determined by the Board and supported by the 

various Board Committees. The Board and various Board committees oversee and ensure that such 

a system is appropriately implemented and monitored. The risk management and internal control 

processes framework are intended to provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material 

misstatements or loss, to safeguard assets and maintenance of proper accounting records, reliability 

of financial information, compliance with appropriate legislations, regulations and best practices, and 

the identification and containment of business risks. 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 | 3

BUSINESS ETHICS, ANTI-CORRUPTION AND COMPLIANCE 

Here at Katrina, we do not tolerate corruption in any form. This has been made clear to all of our 

employees, our suppliers and our business partners. Any report of corruption is escalated to the 

attention of the Chairman. 

When it comes to hiring, we seriously take any possibility of conflict of interest into consideration. Our 

code of conduct clearly spells out Katrina’s expectations from our staff and consequences if any of 

the rules are violated or standards not met. In addition, we also have clear and fair grievance 

procedures. 

Business ethics are communicated to all our heads of business units regularly and they are fully aware 

that compliance with rules and regulations is a key part of running a responsible business. The 

company regularly updates key staff with development in international and local regulations. Katrina 

fully complies with key  environmental rules and regulations, anti-competitive behaviour laws and key  

requirements on health and safety. We prohibit corruption in all forms, including extortion and bribery. 

Cyber security and data privacy are important not just for compliance, but in safeguarding both our 

data and that of our customers. Katrina takes measures to guard against cyber risks for both our 

internal and external stakeholders by complying with the Personal Data Protection Act Policy. This 

policy also applies to our employment process where the privacy of all applicants is safeguarded and 

access to personal data is restricted to authorised persons of senior management on a need-to-know 

basis. 

For the financial year 2017, there were no significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-

compliance with laws and regulations. There have also been no reported incidents of corruption during 

the reporting period. It is Katrina’s goal to maintain zero incidents of corruption. We will regularly 

review policies on whistleblowing and anti-corruption.  


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 | 4

STAKEHOLDERS AND MATERIALITY 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and material 

aspects relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken 

into account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, but are not 

limited to, customers, suppliers, employees, investors, and regulators. We adopt both formal and 

informal channels of communication to understand the needs of key stakeholders, and incorporate 

these into our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships. 

The table below sets out our engagement with our stakeholders: 

Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Employees  

Open dialogues among teams  

Induction and orientation program 

Comprehensive training 

Staff appraisal 

Customers 

Hotline  

Email queries  

Customer feedback and survey 

Social media campaigns  

Advertisements, marketing or product launch events 

Suppliers and Service Providers 

Positive relationship management through communication and mutual 

understanding so that expectations (i.e. timely delivery of goods, prompt 

payment cycles) are properly communicated and understood on both ends. 

Annual review and feedback sessions. 

Investors/Shareholders  

Annual Report  

Annual General Meeting  

Investor meetings 

Results briefings 

Corporate Announcements / Press releases 

Local communities  

Donations 

Various social events  

Government and Regulators  

Face-to-face meetings  

Regular reports  

Participation in discussions  

Spot checks at central kitchens and outlets 

Industry workshops 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 | 5

MATERIAL ASPECTS ASSESSMENT 

We conducted a materiality assessment during the year with the help of an external consultant. Going 

forward, materiality review will be conducted every year, incorporating inputs from the stakeholder 

engagements. 

Senior management together with the external consultant identified and prioritised material aspects 

through internal workshops, peer review and social impact assessments at site level. In addition, we 

assessed its potential impact on the economy, environment and society, and the influence on the 

stakeholders.  Applying the guidance from GRI, we have identified the following material aspects: 

Economic 

Economic performance 

Environmental 

Effluents and waste 

Supplier environmental assessment 

Environmental compliance  

Social 

Employment 

Diversity and equal opportunity 

Occupational health and safety 

Customer health and safety 

Local community 

Governance  

Business ethics, anti-corruption and compliance 

Risk management 

TARGETS 

Given that this is our inaugural report, we do not have sufficient performance data to form a trend for the 

purpose of setting targets. Accordingly, the process of target setting is deferred till a time when adequate data 

is available to set reasonable targets. 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 | 6

ECONOMIC 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

Here at Katrina, we are committed to grow our customers and exceed our customers’ expectations 

and provide them with delicious traditional food in delectable surroundings. For detailed financial 

results, please refer to the following sections in our Annual Report 2017 (Katrina AR 2017): 

• Financial Review, pages 9 – 10 

• Financial Statements, pages 50 – 92 

Our goal is to be the F&amp;B company offering customers a great dining experience by delivering quality 

food and exceptional services. 

MARKET PRESENCE 

Katrina aims to meet consumer trends and allows its customers to enjoy a wide range of cuisines. 

Katrina is an operator of chains of restaurants and cafes under different F&amp;B brands and concepts. 

Our Group owns and operates restaurants under nine different F&amp;B brands that are developed and 

owned by us. 

Each of our brands serves authentic cuisines of different ethnicity, namely Indonesian, Thai, Hong 

Kong, Yunnan, Northern Chinese, Mexican and Vietnamese. In addition, each brand is accompanied 

by tailored décor and designs in our restaurants and cafes to provide patrons with comfortable 

ambience.  

The Group is actively exploring 

opportunities to grow its business 

through acquisitions, joint 

ventures, franchising and strategic 

alliances with parties who can help 

to strengthen its brands and 

expand its market share in the 

region, to support its growth with 

lower investment risks.

Please refer to pages 1 – 3 of Katrina AR 2017 for the location of 

the outlets in respect of each dining brand. 




KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 | 7

ENVIRONMENT  

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE  

OIL WASTE MANAGEMENT 

Singapore’s solid waste output has increased significantly over the years. The amount of waste sent 

for disposal rose from 1,260 tonnes per day in 1970 to 8,443 tonnes per day in 2017. This amount 

would continue to rise at an unsustainable rate without efforts made in recycling. We are 

environmentally friendly and dispose of our used cooking oil via an accredited used oil collector so 

that it can be treated before being responsibly recycled. The volume of oil waste managed through 

accredited oil collector amounted to 15,511 kg in FY2017. 

SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT 

Katrina performs regular vendor evaluation on existing suppliers to assess the following criteria: 

Timeliness of deliveries, quality of products upon delivery, competitiveness of price, quality of service 

provided, competitiveness of terms and conditions, credit ratings, reputation of the company, 

specifications of products to products delivered, expertise of sales staff, and after sales services. All 

our vendors are judged to be satisfactory in all criteria. 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

Katrina complies with Majlis Ugama Islam Singapura (MUIS) also known as the Islamic Religious 

Council of Singapore, National Environment Agency (NEA) and Singapore Police Force (SPF) 

compliance regulations. 

In FY 2017, Katrina had only nine visits from the NEA for our thirty-eight restaurants and there were 

no significant warnings or incidents. 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 | 8

SOCIAL

EMPLOYMENT  

Here at Katrina, our employees are the drivers of our business and we believe in creating a respectful, 

rewarding and safe working environment for all our people. We support and respect the protection of 

internationally proclaimed human rights. 

We respect human rights, support the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour, 

especially child labour, and do not tolerate any discrimination in respect of employment and 

occupation. 

Katrina believes in employee training and continual career development. Staff attend internal and 

external workshops together with extensive on-the-job-training. A total of 118,000 employee-hours 

were invested in training in 2017. 

The company provides competitive remuneration based on merit to all our employees. Our employees 

are not covered by collective bargaining agreements, but are given the right to exercise freedom of 

association. Employees are given a minimum of one month’s notice prior to any implementation of 

significant operational changes that could substantially affect them. 

We at Katrina pride ourselves in offering a stable and secure working environment. Nearly 11.7% of 

our employees have been with Katrina for at least 5 years. 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY

A diverse workforce is an asset in today's ever-changing global marketplace. We cultivate an inclusive 

culture where employees with wide-ranging backgrounds and qualities are highly motivated, engaged 

and connected. 

42%

45%

13%

Employee Age Distribution

&lt; 30 years

30 - 50 years

&gt; 50 years

46%

54%

Gender Breakdown

Male

Female


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 | 9

In light of our aging workforce, we look to attract the younger generation by reaching out to vocational 

educational establishments with internship programmes, sponsorships, and providing more career 

advancement opportunities. Katrina also adheres to the Tripartite Alliance for Fair and Progressive 

Employment Practices (TAFEP) guidelines on re-employment of older employees. Although the 

current statutory retirement age is 62, eligible employees will be offered a re-employment contract on 

a yearly renewable basis, up to age 67 with effect from 1 July 2017. 

A periodic employee engagement survey is conducted to determine the level of employee satisfaction 

and gather feedback. Employees’ inputs are taken into consideration for the formulation of human 

resource practices and programmes such as Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) or Workplace 

Health Promotion (WHP) activities. 

Throughout the year, Katrina holds a range of activities to foster team-building such as Bubble Soccer, 

River Race, Basketball, Escape Room, Dinner &amp; Dance and visit to the Nursing Home. 






KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 | 10

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

We are also committed to safeguard our employees’ health and safety against any potential workplace 

hazards. 

The focus on health and safety is important for Katrina to achieve world-class performance. It is a 

basic need for our workers to work in a safe environment, it also provides attainment of our employees’ 

wellness, our productivity increases, and our best is given to our customers. We implement job safety 

guidelines and procedures to conduct, we are committed to provide a hazard-free workplace to ensure 

the wellbeing of both our employees and environment. 

Katrina employs a variety of measures to ensure the health and safety of all our staff. We start with a 

methodological documentation of key  occupational health and safety issues on an employee level, 

we listen to all our employees’ safety concerns and suggestions. The company conducts regular 

safety checks and enforces key  relevant health and safety rules. Our employees are trained to be 

safety conscious and key  potential hazards in the workplace are identified. 

Our new employees undergo the required safety training and drills to familiarize themselves with the 

operation of the machinery and equipment as well as the safety precautions and procedures.  

We encountered 17 minor work injuries in 2017. We will continue to stress workplace safety at all 

times and aim for accident frequency rate of zero in the upcoming years.  

CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY 

FOOD SAFETY &amp; HYGIENE  

Food safety and hygiene is of utmost importance in our commitment to deliver quality products and 

services to our customers. We work with our partners from procurement, warehouse and logistics, 

quality assurance, and operations, to achieve this objective. 

Staff attend both internal and external workshops together with extensive on-the-job-training on a 

range of areas on food safety and hygiene. In addition, staff have been sent to attend the Certified 

On-the-Job Training Centre (COJTC) Scheme conducted by the Institute of Technical Education (ITE) 

to recognise on-the-job-training by employers. 

FOOD &amp; SERVICE LABELLING

Katrina complies with key food and service labelling stipulated by NEA. 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 | 11

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION 

Katrina has engaged Mobikon, a Singapore-based marketing and customer engagement platform for 

restaurants, to obtain real-time feedback from customers on customer satisfaction to encourage a 

build up of loyal customers. On average, for all outlets across the different brands, the rating given by 

customers are above 4.5 on a scale of 1-5. 

Our staff have also won the Excellent Service Awards (Retail) by the Singapore Retailers Association 

from 2011 to 2017. This is an annual national award that recognises individuals who have delivered 

quality service. It seeks to develop service models for others to emulate and to create service 

champions. In 2017, we have 29 staff receiving Silver, 16 staff receiving Gold and 9 staff receiving 

Star. 

In addition, Katrina has been awarded the Excellent Service Award 2017 &amp; 2016, Top Influential 

Brands Award 2017, Certificate of Excellence 2016, Singapore’s Top Restaurant Award 2015, 

Singapore Health Bronze Award 2014, Marketing Magazine – Marketing Excellence Award 2013 

which recognises marketing excellence, Enterprise 50 Award 2012 &amp; 2010 and Singapore service 

Star Award 2011.  

The Singapore Health (Helping Employees Achieve Life-Time Health) recognises companies with 

outstanding workplace health promotion practices. The Enterprise 50 Award, first established in 1995, 

recognises local, privately-held companies who have contributed to economic development in 

Singapore and abroad. 

Katrina has also commenced the upgrading of its Enterprise Resource Planning and Point-Of-Sales 

systems to improve customer experience and increase staff proficiency and productivity while 

lowering costs in the long run. 

ASSOCIATIONS  

Our director, Mr Alan Goh, Executive Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer of the company, 

is an EXCO member of Restaurant Association of Singapore.  


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 | 12

LOCAL COMMUNITIES   

CSR ACTIVITIES

Over the years, Katrina has engaged in CSR efforts in a number of ways, seeking to touch the lives 

of many through its CSR efforts and bringing the community at large together in the common quest 

for a better tomorrow.  For more details, please refer to the Corporate Social Responsibilty section in 

Katrina AR 2017 on page 11. 

Katrina was a sponsor at the 2017 Seakeepers annual dinner. The International SeaKeepers is to 

recognise Nature Society (Singapore) Marine Conservation Group for their extraordinary efforts and 

commitment towards Singapore’s marine conservation.  

Katrina was also a sponsor at the Student Care Services Charity Golf 2017. This annual tournament 

aimed to raise funds to support positively in the development of its children and youth into competent, 

confident and young people of exemplary character. 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 | 13

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Number 

Disclosure Title 

Report Section 

Page 

Reference 

General Disclosures 

Organizational Profile 

102-1 

Name of the organization 

About This Report 

Katrina AR 2017 

01 

01 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Katrina AR 2017 

01 - 03 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Katrina AR 2017 

12, 61 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Katrina AR 2017 

01 - 03, 61 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Katrina AR 2017 

80 

102-6 

Markets served 

Katrina AR 2017 

01 

102-7 

Scale of the organization 

Katrina AR 2017 

01 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Employment 

Diversity &amp; equal opportunity 

Occupational Health and Safety 

08 

08 - 09 

10 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Food Safety &amp; Hygiene 

Food &amp; Service Labelling 

10 

10 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organization and its supply 

chain 

Katrina AR 2017 

10 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Risk Management 

02 

102-12 

External initiatives 

None 

- 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Associations 

11 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

Board Statement on Sustainability 

02 

Ethics and integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

Business Ethics, Anti-corruption and Compliance

03 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Katrina AR 2017 

14 - 49 

102-20 

Executive-level 

responsibility 

for 

economic, 

environmental, and social topics 

Board Statement on Sustainability 

01 

102-21 

Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, 

and social topics 

Stakeholder Engagement 

04 

102-22 

Composition of the highest governance body and its 

committees 

Katrina AR 2017 

12 

102-23 

Chair of the highest governance body 

Katrina AR 2017 

12 

102-24 

Nominating and selecting the highest governance body 

Katrina AR 2017 

45 - 46 

102-25 

Conflicts of interest 

Katrina AR 2017 

17 - 24 

102-26 

Role of highest governance body in setting 

purpose, values, and strategy 

Board Statement on Sustainability 

01 

102-27 

Collective knowledge of highest governance body 

Board Statement on Sustainability 

01 

102-29 

Identifying 

and 

managing 

economic, 

environmental, and social impacts 

Board Statement on Sustainability 

01 

102-32 

Highest governance body’s role in sustainability 

reporting 

Board Statement on Sustainability 

01 

Stakeholder engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholder Engagement 

04 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 | 14

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

Not Applicable as we are not a unionised 

company 

- 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Stakeholder Engagement 

04 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholder Engagement 

Customer Satisfaction 

04 

11 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholder Engagement 

Occupational Health &amp; Safety 

Food Safety &amp; Hygiene 

Customer Satisfaction 

04 

10 

10 

11 

Reporting practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements Katrina AR 2017 

80 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic Boundaries 

About This Report 

01 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Material Aspects Assessment 

05 

Reporting practice 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

Not applicable as this is our first report 

- 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable as this is our first report 

- 

102-50 

Reporting period 

1 January to 31 December 2017 

- 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

Not applicable as this is our first report 

- 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

- 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Katrina AR 2017 

12 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

We are guided by the GRI Standards.  

- 

102-55 

GRI content index 

GRI Content Index 

13 - 15 

102-56 

External assurance 

We may seek external assurance in the future 

- 

Management Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 

Material Aspects Assessment 

05 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Risk management  

Business Ethics, Anti-corruption and Compliance

Economic performance 

Market presence 

Effluents and waste 

Supplier environmental assessment 

Environmental Compliance 

Employment 

Diversity and equal opportunity 

Occupational health and safety 

Customer Health and Safety 

02 

03 

06 

06 

07 

07 

07 

08 

08 - 09 

10 

10 - 11 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Risk management  

Business Ethics, Anti-corruption and Compliance

Economic performance 

Market presence 

Effluents and waste 

Supplier environmental assessment 

Environmental Compliance 

Employment 

Diversity and equal opportunity 

Occupational health and safety 

Customer Health and Safety 

02 

03 

06 

06 

07 

07 

07 

08 

08 - 09 

10 

10 - 11 


KATRINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 | 15

Topic-specific Disclosures 

Category: Economic 

Economic Performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Katrina AR 2017, Economic Performance 

06 

Anti-corruption 

205-2 

Communications and training about anti-corruption 

policies and procedures 

Business Ethics, Anti-corruption and Compliance 03 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

Business Ethics, Anti-corruption and Compliance 03 

Category: Environmental 

Effluents and waste 

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal method 

Oil Waste Management 

07 

Category: Social 

Employment 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover

Employment 

08 

Occupational health and safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number of 

work-related fatalities 

Occupational health and safety 

10 

Diversity and equal opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

Diversity &amp; equal opportunity 

08 - 09 

Customer Health and Safety 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the 

health and safety impacts of products and 

services

Food Safety &amp; Hygiene 

10 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in 

the social and economic area 

Environmental Compliance 

07 

