
KEONG HONG HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2019






CONTENTS

02

CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S 

MESSAGE

03

KEONG HONG’S SUSTAINABILITY STORY

06

ORGANISATION PROFILE

09

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY

10

GOVERNANCE AND  

STATEMENT OF THE BOARD

11

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

12

REPORTING PRACTICE

14

BUILDING AND CONSTRUCTION

20

OPERATIONS AND INVESTMENTS  

IN MALDIVES

28

HEADQUARTER AND  

PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT

29

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

32

OUR PEOPLE, OUR ASSETS

39

SGX FIVE PRIMARY COMPONENTS INDEX

40

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX



SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

01


DEAR STAKEHOLDERS,

We are into the second year of our Sustainability Reporting initiative in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) 

Standards (Core option), the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Rules (711A and 711B) and 

SGX-ST guidelines on sustainability reporting.

We have endeavoured to embed and embrace sustainable business and environmental practices in all aspects of our 

operations and corporate activities. Technology continued to play a vital role in raising our profitability, productivity and 

efficiency. Through early adoption of design, building and construction technologies, we have been able to enhance 

our building designs, improve our construction techniques and increase our productive output. We have, however, not 

done so at the expense of the wider environment nor at social costs.

We have made a conscious effort to reduce our negative impact on the environment. We have achieved this through 

conservation of natural and other resources, responsible use of materials including eco-friendly and recycled material 

where feasible, improvement in waste management using advanced technology, and reduction in water and energy 

consumption and effluents and emissions production. Our green building designs served as an example of our 

commitment towards sustainable and responsible practices. In Maldives where we have our two hotel properties, great 

measures were taken to protect the rich natural habitat and biodiversity of the marine life there, ensuring that as little 

impact as possible was made by our construction and hotel operations.

By the same token, we have sought to maximise our direct and indirect economic and social contribution to the 

community through employment opportunities for the population, business creation for suppliers, training and upskilling 

opportunities for our workers and corporate social responsibility initiatives through educational sponsorship and 

donations to charitable and other organisations.

As a responsible employer and one committed to the betterment of its workforce, we have continued to champion 

diversity in terms of nationality, race, age, gender, beliefs and social attitudes. Equal opportunities for training, upskilling 

and re-skilling were given to all our employees, both in Singapore and overseas. Demonstrating our commitment to 

workplace safety and health, we implemented an organisational-wide safety audit system and CultureSAFE program 

to reinforce safety mindsets, attitudes and practices. For our efforts, we were awarded the prestigious RoSPA Gold 

Award for health and safety management systems and culture.

Whatever we have achieved this past year in terms of our economic, social and environmental performance, was with 

the collaboration and commitment of our stakeholders, business partners and suppliers. I would like to thank them for 

this collective effort. We look forward to bettering our efforts in the coming year with the ultimate aim of value creation 

for our stakeholders and the general community at large.

LEO TING PING RONALD

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Keong Hong Holdings Limited

02

KEONG HONG HOLDINGS LIMITED

CHAIRMAN AND 

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S MESSAGE


OUR MISSION

To be a forward-looking company with a commitment to corporate social responsibility, built on a strong foundation 

of transparency, governance and ethics that creates value for our stakeholders.

OUR VISION

To build a better world in an environmentally sustainable way and to improve the quality of the environment and the 

communities where we live and work

SUSTAINABILITY PHILOSOPHY

The Group has established a good reputation in the building construction and hospitality sector in Singapore and 

Maldives. The Group has leveraged on expansion opportunities, achieved new revenue streams and unlocked new 

capabilities and possibilities while at the same time keeping in mind our sustainability targets. Keong Hong has also 

been lauded for adopting highly innovative solutions to our construction projects to reduce wastage, increase efficiency 

and productivity.

The Group is committed to prevent pollution and injury in all its construction operations and to provide customers with 

reliable, prompt and quality service at competitive cost. We are committed to provide quality products and services 

to meet customer requirements through the timely delivery of projects complying with applicable legal and other 

requirements, quality workmanship, good safety standard and minimising impact to the environment.

Keong Hong is conscious of the impact that our projects have on the environment and shall continue monitoring and 

measuring these impacts. The Group will uphold our energy saving standards and invest in technologies to improve 

waste management and reduce emissions and effluents.

The Group will continue to ensure that our employees have a comprehensive range of welfare and benefits and that 

there is both racial and gender diversity in our workforce to provide unique perspectives on issues that the Group faces. 

The Group will continue supporting charitable organisations to improve the welfare of the community.

SUSTAINABILITY TARGETS

Keong Hong strives to set a high standard of sustainable business operations in both Singapore and Maldives by 

investing in new technologies, constantly seeking improvements and continuing strict compliance to our standards in 

daily operations.

We endeavour to provide an adequate occupational health and safety environment and continue stringent due diligence 

checks on our suppliers.

The Group will strive to reduce our energy and water consumption, as well as our waste and effluents production. 

We will work towards further reducing the impact of our hotel and resort operations in Maldives on the surrounding 

ecosystem.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

03

KEONG HONG’S 

SUSTAINABILITY STORY 


Below is a summary table of the Group’s sustainability targets and performance during the reporting year.

Environmental Performance in FY2019

Segment

FY2019 Target

Performance Update

Building and Construction

Reduce energy consumption and 

carbon emissions

Actual energy consumption and 

emissions lower than target for most 

projects

Reduce water consumption

Actual water consumption lower than 

target for all projects

Reduce waste and effluents production

Actual waste and effluents production 

lower than target for all projects

Environmental Targets for FY2020 

FY2020 Target

Building and Construction

Total cost of electricity, diesel consumption, generator rental and water to less than 

0.8% of contract sum per project

Waste disposal cost less than 0.3% of contract sum per project

Zero NEA/PUB summon for noise, silt and mosquito per project over 12 months 

window period of construction activities

Operations and Investments 

in Maldives

Actively implement energy conservation practices and improve energy efficiency of 

operations

Zero significant impact on water sources

Headquarter and Property 

Development

Actively implement energy conservation practices and improve energy efficiency of 

operations

Group-level

Zero incidents of environmental non-compliance

Social Performance in FY2019

FY2019 Target

Performance Update

Construction

Zero occupational health and safety 

incidents

Achieved zero fatal workplace safety 

incidents

Social Targets for FY2020

FY2020 Target

Construction

Accident Frequency Rate below 1.3 and Accident Severity Rate below 85 per project 

per year

Group-level

Zero life loss at workplace

Zero reportable occupational diseases at workplace

Conduct at least 1 SGSecure briefing at workplace

Zero incidents of socioeconomic non-compliance

04

KEONG HONG HOLDINGS LIMITED

KEONG HONG’S 

SUSTAINABILITY STORY 


OUR ACHIEVEMENTS – NOTEWORTHY AWARDS

The Group, being fully committed to environmental protection, was a founding member of the Singapore Green 

Building Council in 2009, which leads private-public construction companies in achieving a world-class and sustainable 

environment in Singapore. The Council advocates green building design, practices and adoption of new technologies 

to drive environmental sustainability in the building and construction industry. In recognition of our achievements in 

environmental sustainability, the Group was awarded BCA Green And Gracious Builder Award (Excellent) in 2019. We 

also received the prestigious RoSPA Gold Award in recognition of our achievements in health and safety management 

systems and culture.

As a testament of our commitment to service and quality, the recent achievements and awards received by the Group 

includes:

• 

The Edge Singapore Centurion Club (2019)

• 

World Luxury Hotel Award (2018) for Mercure Maldives Kooddoo Hotel

• 

BCA Green and Gracious (GGBS) (Excellence) (2018)

• 

RoSpa (Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents) Health and Safety Award (2018)

• 

MOM Certificate of Merit for Safety Performance Awards

• 

bizSAFE Star Certificate

• 

BCA A1 grading under the category CW01 for general building which allows us to tender for public sector 

construction projects of unlimited value with no restrictions for private sector construction projects.

• 

ISO 9001:2008 and SS ISO 9001:2008 Certificate of Registration (Quality Management System) for design 

management and building construction services

• 

ISO 14001:2004 and SS ISO 14001:2004 Certificate of Registration (Environmental Management System)

• 

OHSAS 18001:2007 Certificate of Registration (Occupational Health and Safety Management System)

• 

BCA Award for Greenmark Platinum for Raffles Hospital Extension

We will continue our sustainability development efforts and improve the quality of our service, and our target is to achieve 

BCA Conquas Assessment rating of at least 94, achieve a 90% passing rate for joint inspections within 1 re-inspection 

and to complete every project on time.

Furthermore, the Group went the extra mile and participated in the CultureSAFE program to cultivate a progressive and 

prevalent Workplace Safety and Health (WSH) culture in the organisation beyond merely executing WSH practices. By 

actively promoting a safety awareness culture, we continue to reaffirm our management’s commitment to an accident-

free work culture. This ensures that every employee inherently believes in our WSH values and continues to implement 

and improve on our WSH practise and behaviours.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

05


Keong Hong Holdings Limited is listed on the Main Board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited. The 

Group’s principal activities include building construction, property and hotel investment and development. Its building 

construction services include a broad range of residential, commercial, institutional, industrial and infrastructural projects 

for both private and public sectors. The Group also has property and hotel development and investment projects in 

Singapore, Japan and Maldives.

The Group made its maiden foray into property development in Singapore in 2012 through a joint venture with Frasers 

Property (formerly known as Frasers Centrepoint Limited) to develop Twin Waterfalls Executive Condominium. Its 

subsequent residential developments include SkyPark Residences, The Amore, Parc Life, Seaside Residences and 

The Antares.

Keong Hong also ventured into hotel development and investment in 2013 with Mercure Maldives Kooddoo Hotel 

and Pullman Maldives Maamutaa Resort in Maldives. In Singapore, the Group owns various joint hotel and mixed-use 

development projects – Hotel Indigo Singapore Katong, Holiday Inn Express Singapore Katong and Katong Square.

In 2016, the Group acquired the first of its two commercial properties in Japan.

Led by a qualified and experienced management team with a staff strength of over 300, Keong Hong has built a strong 

reputation and record of accomplishment over the last 36 years for its commitment to quality and service standards.

BUILDING AND CONSTRUCTION

Keong Hong is a provider of a broad range of building construction services to both private and public sectors for 

residential, commercial, institutional, industrial and infrastructural projects.

The Group’s innovative technologies and technical capabilities, supported by our commitment to quality, safety, timely 

delivery and customer service, are our key strengths that differentiate us from our industry peers, and is the reason 

for our ability to secure projects from our repeat clients. The Group has pioneered several innovative technologies and 

processes in the construction industry that are widely used today, such as the Silent Jack-In Spun Piling System in 

Residential project and Intelligent Computerised Auto-Climb Peripheral Platform.

Leveraging on our technical capability and a vast array of experience gained over the years, Keong Hong has morphed 

into a Design and Build main contractor capable of taking on complex projects with full responsibility in design 

development for Structure, Mechanical &amp; Electrical Services. For hotel and resorts development, our expertise extends 

to include Architectural design.

As a Design and Build main contractor, we have been able to extend our job horizon beyond that of conventional 

construction projects. We have established ourselves as a reputable main contractor with proven capability in the Design 

and Build of Condominium Projects, Hotel and Resorts Projects, Alternative Design using Top Down Construction 

Methodology for Complex Basement for Commercial and Institutional Projects. Our design and build and construction 

expertise are often harnessed through our joint ventures to create value added propositions that have won us many 

development projects, for example, SkyPark Residences, The Amore, Parc Life, Seaside Residences and The Antares.

06

KEONG HONG HOLDINGS LIMITED

ORGANISATION 

PROFILE 


Listed below are some completed projects involving Design and Build and their design scope:

 

IBIS Hotel@ Bencoolen Street (TOP 2006, full Design and Build, include Architecture)

 

Martin Place Residences Condominium (TOP 2011, Design and Build in Structure and M&amp;E Services)

 

SIM University Extension (TOP 2011, Design and Build for deep Basement near existing campus)

 

Park Hotel Alexandra (TOP 2014, Design and Build in Structure and M&amp;E Services)

 

Twin Waterfalls EC (TOP 2015, Design and Build in Structure and M&amp;E Services)

 

SkyPark Residences EC (TOP 2016, Design and Build in Structure and M&amp;E Services)

 

The Amore EC (TOP 2017, Design and Build in Structure and M&amp;E Services)

 

Raffles Hospital Extension (TOP 2018, Design and Build for deep Basement near existing MRT line and 

an operational hospital)

 

Parc Life EC (TOP 2018, Design and Build in Structure and M&amp;E Services)

Listed below are the Group’s on-going and recently completed building construction projects:

Project

Sector

Year of TOP

Remarks

Wilshire Residences

Residential

2022 (estimated)

Another residential project with KH Land as the main 

contractor.

The Antares

Residential

2021 (estimated)

Another residential development joint venture, with Keong 

Hong taking a 35% stake. KH Land (subsidiary of Keong 

Hong) is also the Main Contractor, leveraging on its Design 

and Build experience and capability to offer value-add for 

the Joint Venture partners. This will be the first KH Land 

project to use Ultra High Performance Concrete (UHPC) PBU 

developed our JV company K&amp;H Innovation Systems Pte Ltd.

National Skin Centre

Medical/

Healthcare

2021 (estimated)

Keong Hong’s first advanced precast project using precast 

columns, precast beams, precast hollow core slabs and 

in-situ concrete topping.

Seaside Residences

Residential

2020 (estimated)

Project sited next to Victoria School, Social and 

environmental impacts are important considerations. In 

addition to regulatory peripheral sound barrier, Keong Hong 

installed sound curtains and air coolers in classes to further 

mitigate environmental impact.

Pullman Maldives 

Maamutaa Resort

Hospitality

September 2019

Unique to this 122-Villa Resort (40 Land Villas and 82 Water 

Villas) is the 2 Underwater Villas that differentiate the Resort 

from other Resorts in Maldives.

Raffles Hospital 

Extension

Medical/

Healthcare

January 2018

The building was constructed using Top-down Construction 

methodology as the complex hospital project is in a very tight 

site adjacent to the MRT line underground.

BCA Award for Greenmark Platinum.

Parc Life EC

Residential

March 2018

First Keong Hong project adopting precast bathroom unit 

(PBU) to enhance quality control, site productivity and reduce 

reliance on foreign labour.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

07


Project

Sector

Year of TOP

Remarks

The Amore EC

Residential

November 2016

Use of Silent Jack-in Piling System to minimise noise and 

vibration to ensure minimum disturbance to the operation of 

adjacent secondary school. 

BCA Award for Greenmark Gold Plus.

SkyPark 

Residences EC

Residential

August 2016

The project was completed two and a half months ahead 

of schedule.

PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT

Keong Hong made forays into property development since 2012. Since then, the Group has developed five residential 

projects in Singapore. Our strategy to partner reputable property developers to jointly undertake residential development 

projects enable the Group to share resources with business partners and manage any business risks associated with 

property development projects.

Property

Type

Ownership

Twin Waterfalls

Executive condominium

20%

SkyPark Residences

Executive condominium

20%

The Amore

Executive condominium

15%

Parc Life

Executive condominium

20%

Seaside Residences

Private condominium

20%

The Antares

Private Condominium

35%

PROPERTY INVESTMENT

The Group’s expansion into hotel and property investments provides a steady recurring income to sustain its future 

growth. We intend to grow our commercial and hospitality assets to form a more substantial portion of our earnings.

Keong Hong embarked on its first hotel investment in 2013. To date, our hotel and property investment portfolio includes 

two commercial buildings in Osaka, Japan, two hotels in Singapore, 1 resort and 1 hotel in the Maldives.

Country

Property

Ownership

Singapore

Hotel Indigo Singapore Katong

20%

Holiday Inn Express Singapore Katong

Maldives

Mercure Maldives Kooddoo Hotel

49%

Pullman Maldives Maamutaa Resort

Japan

4-4-10 Honmachi Osaka

100%

1-2-6 Minamihorie Osaka

08

KEONG HONG HOLDINGS LIMITED

ORGANISATION 

PROFILE 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

09

ETHICS AND 

INTEGRITY

ANTI-CORRUPTION (GRI 205-1, 205-2, 205-3)

Keong Hong works diligently to ensure our employees adhere to the highest standards of ethics and integrity and 

comply with applicable regulations and professional codes of conduct.

Keong Hong adopts a strong stance against corruption and requires all employees to practise equal treatment, 

unbiased professionalism and non-discriminatory actions in relation to all business dealings. We have established clear 

guidelines and procedures for our employees. Our “No Gift/Cash Policy” is communicated to all our employees, vendors, 

subcontractors, service providers and relevant stakeholders. Keong Hong requires that no employees accept gifts, 

benefits and/or cash from all vendors, suppliers, subcontractors etc. Keong Hong has established a list of prohibited 

gifts and entertainment. The Group does not condone our Business Associates or any parties dealing with our group 

to engage in the practice of giving cash, gifts and benefits to any employees of Keong Hong.

All key personnel are required to sign an Annual Declaration of Independence Form to circumvent situations where 

conflict of interests might arise. This requirement is mandatory for all new employees as well.

There were zero confirmed incidents of corruption in FY2019.

EMPLOYEE ANTI-GAMBLING POLICY

At Keong Hong, we are committed to promoting a productive and healthy work environment for all our employees. 

This includes the well-being of our employees. As such, we have implemented an Employee-Gambling policy to curb 

gambling activities in the Group and ensure that our employees and workers have participated in Organisation Facilitated 

Casino Self-Exclusion. In addition, Keong Hong has forbidden gambling on Group property and participating in online 

gambling via Group equipment. All new employees and workers will have to participate in the Casino Self-Exclusion 

as part of employment requirement. Our initiative for Organisation-Facilitated-Casino-Self-Exclusion has received full 

support and participation from our company workforce, including directors and workers.


The Board is supported by the management’s Sustainability Task Force (STF) which comprises heads of different 

business units and is chaired by Mr. Er Ang Hooa (Executive Director) who oversees achievement of all sustainability 

targets and report to the Board. The Task Force reviews the Group’s sustainability objectives and monitors the 

sustainability performance.





Board of Directors





Sustainability Task Force















Property Development 

Building and 

Construction 

Investment Property











Work Teams

Maldives Operations 

Finance 

Human Resource 

The Board considers sustainability issues as part of our strategic formulation, and approves the material environmental, 

social and economic topics identified. The Board also oversees that the factors identified are managed and monitored.

The Taskforce has reviewed the option for external assurance of its sustainability report. The Taskforce has assessed 

that external assurance is not required for this year as the Group wishes to progressively strengthen the sustainability 

reporting framework.

Keong Hong adopts a precautionary approach in strategic decision making and daily operations by implementing a 

comprehensive Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework which is aligned with the requirements of COSO Internal 

Controls Integrated Framework. An annual Group-wide risk assessment exercise is conducted to update the firm’s 

risk profile in the ERM framework and reflects changing business risk exposures and addresses the significant and 

relevant risks to the Group.

Please refer to the ‘Corporate Governance Report’ in the Annual Report for more details.

10

KEONG HONG HOLDINGS LIMITED

GOVERNANCE AND 

STATEMENT OF THE BOARD


We engage with all of our stakeholders through a variety of channels to update them about Keong Hong’s developments 

and gather their feedback. We identify stakeholders as groups that have an impact, or have the potential to be impacted 

by our business, as well as external organisations that have expertise in topics that we consider material. The feedback 

we receive from our stakeholders helps us to determine our material topics and identify our focus areas as the following:

Stakeholders

Engagement platforms

Issues of Concern

Section Reference

Employees

• Well-structured and open 

annual performance appraisal 

system to link performance with 

remuneration

• Remuneration and Benefits

• Training and Development

• Ethics and Conduct

Our People, Our 

Assets

Suppliers and 

Subcontractors

• Weekly update with contractors 

on occurrence of accidents

• Mass toolbox meeting

• Health and Safety

• Environmental Compliance

Managing our 

Suppliers

Customers

• Annual Reports

• Corporate profile

• Quality of workers’ living 

conditions

• Data Privacy

Our People, Our 

Assets 

Protecting 

Customer Privacy 

and Data

Industrial 

organisations

• Annual Reports Conferences 

and Seminars

• Bargaining power and 

supply chain sustainability

Financial assistance 

received from 

government

Governments &amp; 

Regulators

• SGX quarterly announcements

• Annual Reports

• Sustainability Reporting

• Ongoing dialogues

• Environmental compliance 

with National Environmental 

Agency

• Regulatory and Industrial 

requirements under 

Building and Construction 

Authority and Ministry of 

Manpower

Fines or Penalties 

and Injuries and 

Incidents

Community

• Community Services 

Engagement

• Environmental Impact

• Social Development

• Community engagement 

programme

Giving back to 

our community 

and Environmental 

Topics

Shareholders and 

investors

• Annual Reports

• Investor Relations Management

• Economic Performance

• Anti-corruption

Anti-corruption and 

Annual Report

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

11

STAKEHOLDER 

ENGAGEMENT


Keong Hong’s first sustainability report has been produced in accordance with the GRI Standards “Core” option 

covering our Group’s performance from 1 October 2018 to 30 September 2019.

The GRI Standards represent global best practices for reporting on economic, environmental and social topics. The 

report also incorporates the primary components of report content as set out by the SGX’s “Comply or Explain” 

requirements on sustainability reporting under Listing Rule 711B. The Group has assessed that external assurance 

is not required as the Group is laying the foundations for a sustainability reporting framework this year. This report 

supplements the Group’s FY2019 Annual Report and is available online at: http://www.keonghong.com.

Detailed section references with GRI Standards can be found on the GRI Index Page.

Keong Hong’s material topics are identified based on their impact on our internal and external stakeholders, as outlined 

in the Stakeholder Engagement Section. (  = Singapore, 

 = Maldives)

Our property investments in Japan are office rentals and not significant. As such, we did not include operations in 

Japan in this report.

Applicable Segments

Material Topics

Building and 

Construction

Operations and 

Investments in 

Maldives

Headquarter 

and Property 

Development

Group-Level

ECONOMIC

Economic Performance

Market Presence

Indirect Economic Impacts

Procurement Practices

Anti-corruption

 

ENVIRONMENTAL

Materials

Energy

Water

Biodiversity

Emission

Effluents and Waste

Environmental Compliance

Supplier Environment 

Assessment

12

KEONG HONG HOLDINGS LIMITED

REPORTING

PRACTICE


Applicable Segments

Material Topics

Building and 

Construction

Operations and 

Investments in 

Maldives

Headquarter 

and Property 

Development

Group-Level

SOCIAL

Employment

 

Occupational Health and Safety

 

Training and Education

 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

 

Non-discrimination

 

Child Labour

Forced or Compulsory labour

Local Communities

 

Supplier Social Assessment

Customer Privacy

Socioeconomic compliance

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

13


DEVELOPING TECHNOLOGY

GRI 203-1, 203-2

Our construction projects have brought about indirect economic benefits to the local community. Our construction 

projects require the expertise of direct/indirect suppliers and specialists – concrete, reinforcement, tiles/stone and 

furniture which generates business opportunities within and among the supply chain.

We have upgraded our digital capability in Building Information Modelling (BIM), Virtual Design and Construction (VDC) 

and Virtual Reality (VR). We are proud to be one of the pioneers in adopting the Digit-alpha capability transformation 

Programme, a pilot project with VR as a core module sponsored by Info-communications Media Development Authority 

(IMDA). With the Digit-alpha Programme, we hope to streamline our operations and transform our business processes 

to improve our workforce productivity and achieve business growth.

We have also adopted Design for Manufacturing and Assembly (DfMA) technologies, including Prefabricated Prefinished 

Volumetric Construction (PPVC), Prefabricated Bathroom Unit (PBU) and Mechanical Electrical Plumbing (MEP) module 

which improve productivity at construction sites, as the manufacturing of these building components can be completed 

off-site in a safe and controlled environment. Notably, DFMA was used extensively in the National Skin Centre project, 

such as integrating horizontal MEP module at the passenger lift lobby, vertical MEP module at the air handling unit 

(AHU), as well as inter-connecting piping and combined services MEP in the risers.





DfMA – Pre-connection between Mechanical, electrical and plumbing service modules

Our in-house PPVC and Prefabricated Bathroom Unit (PBU) are jointly developed by K&amp;H Innovative Systems Pte 

Ltd, a Joint Venture company between Keong Hong Construction Pte Ltd and Ho Lee Construction Pte Ltd. We have 

received the In-Principle Acceptance for both PPVC and PBU from Building Innovation Panel.

In addition, high productivity software based on mobile and cloud technology have been used to enhance productivity 

on-site. For example, we used Novade Quality in the Seaside Residence project to manage the defect rectification 

process during quality inspections, handover and defect liability period for building projects.

BIM 360 is another cloud-based software adopted by our company to connect project teams and data in real-time, 

flowing from design to construction. This technology supports informed decision-making and leads to more efficient 

and effective work processes.

Keong Hong will continue to innovate and implement new technologies in our operations to benefit our business, our 

industry and the community.

14

KEONG HONG HOLDINGS LIMITED

BUILDING AND

CONSTRUCTION


FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE RECEIVED FROM GOVERNMENT

GRI 201-4

In FY2019, the Group received $538,910 grant under the Capability Development Grant (Industry) from IMDA for the 

Sector Pilot Project, for the adoption of Digit-Alpha solution at National Skin Centre Project. This grant has been utilised 

for the purchase of hardware, software and training for staff in areas of BIM, VDC and VR. We tap on technology 

funding to enhance project productivity and safety.





BIM training for staff 

VR immersive experience for National Skin Centre project

As an extension, we have also utilised VR technology to train our workers on worksite safety in a safe virtual 

environment, especially for workers who will be exposed to high-risk areas such as the building roof edge.





VR training for workers

RECYCLED INPUT MATERIALS

GRI 301-2

The Group has undertaken methods to recycle input materials in our projects to reduce wastage and ensure sustainable 

operations.

At Keong Hong, we are committed to using eco-friendly and recycled materials in our construction projects wherever 

possible. We conscientiously use green concrete to replace Ordinary Portland Cement for the construction of permanent 

structures in our Amore and Seaside Residences projects, and 10% of the green concrete is used for superstructure 

works. Together with our use of green material, this translates into reduction in carbon footprint for the construction 

projects as the materials can be recycled. Notably, our Raffles Hospital extension project received a Green Mark 

Platinum rating, which is a testament to our corporate commitment to green practices.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

15


In addition, to minimise wastage, we implement predominantly aluminium system formwork which includes self-climbing 

formwork, vertical safety screen, table form, metal wall and slab formwork for all construction projects on-site, as 

aluminium can be reused with minimal wastage. We also use recycled construction materials like recycled timber and 

plywood for safety barricade, recycled steel hollow section for fabrication and recycled earth control measure tank and 

filtration systems to control water discharge drainage for temporary works.

ENERGY AND EMISSIONS MANAGEMENT

GRI 302-1, 302-3, 302-4, 302-5, 305-2, 305-4, 305-5

Keong Hong is committed to the preservation of the environment by championing Green and Gracious practices to 

reduce energy and water consumption as well as carbon dioxide emissions. We have received the Green and Gracious 

Excellence Award from BCA in recognition of our efforts.

The Group is committed to achieving our planned objectives and targets to ensure that we are operating sustainably. 

We strive to reduce energy consumption for all building and construction projects. See below for charts for energy 

consumption for ongoing projects:

ENERGY CONSUMPTION

91,350

7,973,900

849,030

93,500

7,455,000

822,500

0

1,000,000

2,000,000

3,000,000

4,000,000

5,000,000

6,000,000

7,000,000

8,000,000

9,000,000

The Antares

Seaside Residences

National Skin Centre

Actual energy consumption (kWh)

Planned energy consumption (kWh)

For the Seaside Residences, our actual energy consumption slightly exceeds the planned consumption as the number of 

workers living in the approved workers quarters on site exceeded the number anticipated at the beginning of the project.

The Group endeavours to draw energy from renewable sources rather than non-renewable sources. This is to preserve 

the environment and meet compliance standards. The Group taps on solar energy to power noise meters and traffic 

warning signs. In addition, the Group uses green label appliances and energy efficient light fittings to reduce energy 

consumption and emissions.

16

KEONG HONG HOLDINGS LIMITED

BUILDING AND

CONSTRUCTION


WATER MANAGEMENT

GRI 303-1, 303-2, 303-3

At Keong Hong, we are committed to reducing water consumption at construction sites to ensure sustainable 

operations. As seen from the graph below, our water consumption is generally lower than planned, which is testimonial 

of our water conservation efforts.

WATER CONSUMPTION

2,865

62,390

10,955

2,660

66,000

11,750

0

10,000

20,000

30,000

40,000

50,000

60,000

70,000

The Antares

Seaside Residences

National Skin Centre

Actual water consumption (m3)

Planned water consumption (m3)

We have always engaged our Qualified Erosion Control Professional (QECP) to design our Earth Control Measures 

(ECM) plan integrated with washing bay system as plan of our sediment control. It is an efficient way to conserve water 

as washing large volume of vehicles could mean high water consumption. Rainwater that is stored in the sump of the 

tank will be reused for the washing of vehicles entering or leaving the site. This allows us to conserve water used for 

washing of vehicles at our construction sites. We endeavour to implement more water conservation measures to further 

reduce water consumption on-site.

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE MANAGEMENT

GRI 306-1, 306-2, 306-5

Keong Hong endeavours to manage waste sustainably by implementing technologies and complying with the code 

of practice.

We minimise construction waste by harnessing advanced technology, including BIM, VDC and VR. These technologies 

pre-empt costly abortive works by first identifying clashes in a virtual environment before the project is actually built. 

High standard of workmanship and quality of works are also achieved through implementation of DfMA technology like 

PPVC and PBU by shifting work to a sheltered and controlled environment. Wherever feasible, construction materials 

used for our projects are Green Label certified from the Singapore Environmental Council. The Group implements on-

site recycling policies to segregate different types of waste materials so they can be efficiently handled for disposal. 

Surface run-off water is treated before it is discharged to public drains.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

17


Keong Hong is responsible in the disposal of its waste materials by using only approved methods to minimise any 

harm to the environment. Excess debris and general waste from construction are collected in designated bins for 

proper disposal by licensed disposal contractors. All left over scrap metal from reinforcement bar are segregated 

and disposed by licensed waste collectors. Timbers that are not reusable are periodically disposed of by a licensed 

contractor engaged by our appointed Environment Control Officer.

WASTE PRODUCTION

0

500

1000

1500

2000

2500

3000

The Antares

Seaside Residences

National Skin Centre

Actual waste production (kg)

Planned waste production (kg)

NOISE AND VECTOR MANAGEMENT

GRI 413-1

The Group strives to manage noise arising from construction activities by using a set of permissible noise limits and 

Noise Management Plans (NMP) compliant with National Environment Agency (NEA) Noise Regulation. To achieve 

minimization of noise, the Group has engaged a noise control vendor to perform real time noise monitoring to ensure 

that the noise generated does not exceed the allowable limit NEA. Noise barriers are erected around the site to reduce 

noise from the construction equipment. Generators used on site are required to be ‘silent’ generators, so that noise 

generated is reduced.

The Group implements vector control plans at our sites to combat the issue of pest and mosquito breeding. Daily on-

site housekeeping checks are conducted to control and pre-empt mosquito breeding. To further mitigate mosquito 

breeding, the Group engages pest control companies to manage our construction sites to clamp down on mosquito 

breeding. Allocation and implementation of proper disposal systems for construction debris and organic waste are in 

place to facilitate pest control.

18

KEONG HONG HOLDINGS LIMITED

BUILDING AND

CONSTRUCTION


MANAGING OUR SUPPLIERS

GRI 308-1, 308-2, 414-1, 414-2

At Keong Hong, we take pride in our efforts to ensure that our suppliers and subcontractors are selected based on high 

quality and environmentally friendly practices. Before awarding contracts, we evaluate our suppliers and subcontractors 

based on their track record, workmanship, ISO certification and safety performance. We select those with satisfactory 

scores, and for some who are relatively new and failed the supplier assessment, we will monitor their site performance 

to ensure accountability and quality assurance.

During contract term, we continue to assess suppliers based on their compliance with material specification/

standards, response to replacement of defective material/emergency and their Green and Gracious practices. As 

for subcontractors, we assess their technical capability, safe performance and Green and Gracious practices. These 

continuous assessments show our commitment to maintain quality and sustainability of our operations.

In addition, subcontractors and external service providers procure materials and services for our contracts and 

project activities, we execute purchase control to ensure that they meet the needs of our project requirements during 

procurement. We go the extra mile in supplier management to insure quality, accountability and sustainability in our 

supply chain.

We exercise stringent control at site level via biometric system to ensure only valid work permit holders can gain 

entry to the project site. Regular checks are conducted by our HR executive to ensure that only workers with current 

worksite resident address are allowed to stay on-site. We mandate that our contractors and sub-constructors comply 

with labour regulations in Singapore.

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

GRI 307-1

The Group’s compliance polices and regulations take into consideration data collected on Energy, Water, and Waste 

Disposal. This data is analysed for the various projects for project cost optimisation and resources.

Keong Hong has committed to a set of guidelines to manage environmental pollution at all our project sites. We are 

committed to controlling the combined cost of water, electricity, diesel consumption and generator rental to less than 

0.8% of contract sum per project, as well as keeping waste disposal cost to less than 0.3% of contract sum per project.

There were zero incidents of non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations in FY2019.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

19


MARKET PRESENCE

GRI 202-2

Keong Hong strives to empower the local community through increasing employment opportunities for our projects in 

Maldives as well as our resort and hotel construction projects. 100% of the staff at the Kooddoo Airport are hired from 

the local community, including all senior management staff. For our Maldives projects, the proportion of employees 

hired from the local community are as below:

Proportion of employees hired from

local community for Kooddoo Airport

Proportion of employees hired from local community 

for Mercure Maldives Kooddoo Hotel

Proportion of employees hired from local community 

for Pullman Maldives Maamutaa Resort

DEVELOPING TECHNOLOGY &amp; INDIRECT ECONOMIC IMPACTS

GRI 203-1, 203-2, 204-1

Keong Hong has implemented various practices to ensure that we benefit the local economy and businesses during our 

operations. We endeavour to create more business opportunities for local suppliers. As such, we make a conscientious 

effort to procure from local suppliers directly, such as consumables, fire-fighting and medical equipment.

We also reduced the time required for construction at sites and improved productivity by using pre-fabricated roofs 

and water storage tanks. The structures for buggy path are precast on land before it is put together over water to 

allow comfortable access to over-water structures since early stages of construction and expedite the construction 

of permanent buggy path structures, ensuring safer working conditions and higher labour productivity. As a result, 

more jobs can be created for the local community. In addition, with our Kooddoo Airport expansion, the airport can 

accommodate more planes including private jets. Locals also have more convenient means of transport, and tourists can 

travel to resorts near Kooddoo via transit at the airport. This will help to promote the local tourism industry development 

and create more jobs for the locals. To date, 198 Maldivians are hired, and we intend to continue improving airport 

facilities to meet future demand.

40%

60%

41%

59%

60%

40%

Local community

Others

60%

40%

Local community

Others

100%

59%

41%

Local community

Others

20

KEONG HONG HOLDINGS LIMITED

OPERATIONS AND INVESTMENTS 

IN MALDIVES


ENERGY AND EMISSIONS MANAGEMENT

GRI 302-4, 305-5

The Group closely monitors operations in Maldives to ensure effective implementation of energy conservation measures. 

Some examples include using LED lights instead of incandescent bulbs to conserve energy and creating staff awareness 

by placing signage to sensitise employees to inherently enforce environmentally friendly practices.

Mercure Maldives Kooddoo Hotel and Pullman Maldives Maamutaa Resort

We endeavour to conserve energy consumption whenever possible, and we have plans to install false ceilings or glass 

partitions and monitor sensors in public toilets, fitness centre and other areas of the Resort and Hotel to conserve 

energy.

We have engaged a company to install and operate the solar energy system at Mercure Maldives Kooddoo Hotel and 

Pullman Maldives Maamutaa Resort. Solar Panels are installed on the roof of Back of House (BOH) buildings. The 

estimated capacity of the solar system installed is 900 kWp, of which 240 kWp is designated for Mercure Maldives 

Kooddoo Hotel and 660 kWp for Pullman Maldives Maamutaa Resort. With this system in place, the amount of diesel 

required to power the Resort will be greatly reduced.



Solar panels installed at the Pullman Maldives Maamutaa Resort

Kooddoo Airport



Pullman Maldives 

Maamutaa Resort

• Complete mechanical, electrical and plumbing system controlled and monitored via Building Management 

System (BMS) – regulate energy consumption

• Programmable dimming and switching system at all Front of House buildings – control energy consumption

• Control outdoor pathway lightings via daylight sensors and BMS – reduce energy consumption

• 4 prime powered generators with an auto synchronising and auto load sharing system to generate 

energy – monitor energy usage and shut down some generators during low energy demand periods to 

save on energy consumption

• Step-up and step-down substations to distribute power to each building – increase efficiency of power 

consumption

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

21


In FY2019, total energy consumption at Kooddoo Airport was 346,381.3 kWh.

WATER MANAGEMENT

303-1, 303-2, 303-3

We recycle water via desalination methods through Reverse Osmosis (RO).

In FY2019, the total amount of water withdrawn at the entire Mercure Maldives Kooddoo Hotel was 28,770 m3, and 

Mercure Maldives

Kooddoo Hotel

• 2 RO fresh water machines to 

produce fresh water

• 2 treated water tanks of 

150,000 

litres 

each 

and 

1 sewerage treated water tank 

of 150,000 litres to store the 

treated water

Pullman Maldives

Maamutaa Resort

• 2 RO fresh water machines to 

produce fresh water

•  5 treated water tanks of 

150,000 

litres 

each 

and 

1 sewerage treated water tank 

of 150,000 litres to store the 

treated water

Kooddoo Airport

• Monitor RO plant operations 

and water consumption on a 

regular basis – ensure efficient 

water conservation

there was no significant impact on any water sources. The Group will continue to preserve all water sources and 

minimise any adverse impact caused by water withdrawal by constructing more desalination plants in the near future 

to achieve self-sufficiency for water demands on the islands.

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE MANAGEMENT

GRI 306-1, 306-2, 306-5

To ensure proper management of sludge and effluents, the Group has constructed a sewer network grid over the 

island with a gravity flow system, as opposed to the conventional pump system used in previous projects which was 

less energy-efficient.

Division of waste type generated at our Kooddoo Airport, Mercure Maldives Kooddoo Hotel and Pullman Maldives 

Maamutaa Resort are completed at the waste management building which is equipped with incinerators, compactors 

and bottle crushers. We ensure that proper transportation and waste disposal methods are used in accordance to 

the type of waste.



Mercure Maldives

Kooddoo Hotel

• LED lights and solar panels installed - reduce energy usage and emissions during operations

• 3 generators with alternators - increase effeciency of power consumption,

22

KEONG HONG HOLDINGS LIMITED

OPERATIONS AND INVESTMENTS 

IN MALDIVES


Mercure Maldives Kooddoo Hotel and Pullman Maldives Maamutaa Resort

At Mercure Maldives Kooddoo Hotel, sewage is disposed via a computerised chemical digestive system whereby 

sewage is pumped via a 150,000 litre capacity sewage treatment plant to process it into sludge. On the other hand, 

sewage at Pullman Maldives Maamutaa Resort is disposed via Membrane Bioreactor system whereby sewage is pumped 

via a 300,000 litre capacity sewage treatment plant to process it into sludge. Once the sludge is dried, it is sent to a 

nearby waste management centre and used for landfill. This system is established for both Mercure Maldives Kooddoo 

Hotel and Pullman Maldives Maamutaa Resort, and complies with local standards and accepted code of practices.

We take care in wastewater disposal to ensure that we do not harm the environment during operations. At our 

properties, rejected brine from our RO plants are instantly mixed with the water column to reduce its concentration 

to negligible amounts before being discharged into the lagoon, thus this discharge has no effect on the surrounding 

environment. Sewerage is also recycled into portable water to be stored for irrigation usage, and only excess sewerage 

is discharged into the sea.

In FY2019, the actual waste production at Mercure Maldives Kooddoo Hotel was 15,787 kg.



 



 



 



Bottling room, bottle washer, pre-bottle washing, filters (left to right)



 



 



Bottling tap, water-filled bottles, glass bottles used in Mercure Maldives Kooddoo Hotel and rooms (left to right)

In our effort to minimise plastic wastage, we own a water bottling facility which effectively cleans glass bottles and fills 

the bottles up with clean filtered potable water. These glass bottles of water have replaced plastic bottles in the rooms, 

thereby reducing plastic waste generated. We have recently established the same bottling facility at our newly-opened 

Pullman Maldives Maamutaa Resort.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

23




 



Organic waste composting machine at Maamutaa resort

Both Mercure Maldives Kooddoo Hotel and Pullman Maldives Maamutaa Resort are equipped with its own organic 

waste composting machine that processes daily food waste ingredients into organic fertilisers. By applying only organic 

compost, it improves the overall soil structure.

Kooddoo Airport

In FY2019, the average daily waste generation at Kooddoo Airport was 150 kg.

MANAGING BIODIVERSITY

GRI 304-2, 304-3

Keong Hong endeavours to protect and preserve the environment during our operations, by putting initiatives in place 

to ensure we operate sustainably.

The Group has engaged specialists to preserve the vibrant biodiversity of the environment in Maldives. Before excavation 

and construction commence, our specialists will transplant corals from all project sites to safe areas. The Group 

has plans to set up a coral conservation programme at the resort which includes a coral garden and coral nursery 

to preserve the coral reef. We endeavour to maintain the good condition of the coral colonies in the vicinity of our 

operations. Planting of corals under the rooms will only commence after all construction activities are completed to 

prevent any unnecessary coral stress and bleaching.

24

KEONG HONG HOLDINGS LIMITED

OPERATIONS AND INVESTMENTS 

IN MALDIVES






Coral nursery

As at the end of FY2019, our coral nurseries bloomed with 450 pieces of coral, and we are constantly replanting coral 

fragments after major translocations to increase the survival rate of our coral pieces. Currently, 840 pieces of coral 

have been planted at the overwater and underwater villas and we will continue to grow our coral nurseries with the 

hope of raising them into larger colonies that can be used for reef rehabilitation.

Due to the high volume of marine recreation activities at Pullman Maldives Maamutaa Resort, the Group has undertaken 

several initiatives to manage environmental impacts for all operations in Maldives. To circumvent any damage to the 

coral reef through the use of boats and marine equipment, the Group has imposed rules on boat operators on the 

island such as anchoring, boat operation, boat sewage and garbage disposal. For tourists engaging in recreational 

activities, strict rules on activities such as fishing, marine wildlife viewing, snorkelling, diving and scuba, have been 

established and enforced.

In an effort to ensure that our environmental protection efforts are regulated and implemented properly, we went the 

extra mile to perform Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) on the Pullman Maldives Maamutaa Resort project, 

and we successfully attained EIA approval in 2015. The EIA addendum was submitted and approved prior to the 

commencement of coral gardening works and revision of Concept Masterplan for both Mercure Maldives Kooddoo 

Hotel and Pullman Maldives Maamutaa Resort. As such, proper precautionary measures have been implemented to 

guarantee environmental and biodiversity sustainability during operations.

Phat chameleon garden







SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

25


In addition to coral nurseries, we built an organic farm at both properties to minimise negative impacts on the 

surrounding environment. Our organic farm at Pullman Maldives Maamutaa Resort, Phat chameleon garden, measures 

at an estimated area of 900 sqm and it is loaded with exotic and delicious variety of tropical fruits and vegetables. 

The farm offers many fruits trees like Persea Americana (Avocado), Manikara zapota (Chiku), Averrhoa carambola (Star 

Fruit) and Annona muricata (Soursop). Organic farming is an agricultural system that adopts ecologically based pest 

controls and biological fertilisers derived mainly from animal and plant wastes. It reduces negative environmental impacts 

caused by the use of chemical pesticides and synthetic fertilisers in conventional agriculture, and it has numerous 

ecological benefits.



Natural lake at Pullman Maldives Maamutaa Resort

The Pullman Maldives Maamutaa Resort has a natural lake that has an estimated area of 4,000 sqm. It is surrounded 

with well-preserved thick and dense vegetation and is the key feature of the island. In addition, the Pullman Maldives 

Maamutaa Resort is equipped with a SolarBee water purifier system that treats the lake water. The water purifier 

operates on solar power and has a large area of influence over the lakes and source of raw water.

26

KEONG HONG HOLDINGS LIMITED

OPERATIONS AND INVESTMENTS 

IN MALDIVES


MANAGING OUR SUPPLIERS

GRI 308-1, 308-2, 408-1, 409-1, 414-1, 414-2

Mercure Maldives Kooddoo Hotel and Pullman Maldives Maamutaa Resort

When selecting suppliers, we entrust the recommendations from our internationally renowned hotel operator, AccorHotel 

(Accor), with their abundance of experience in the Maldives region. We evaluate and select suppliers that are approved 

and recommended by our hotel operator.

The suppliers have gone through stringent checks to ensure that they are in compliance with local regulations and 

sourcing of raw materials are done ethically and in an environmentally friendly manner. We also regularly review the 

supplies procured to ensure that sustainable products are used. For instance, at Pullman Maldives Maamutaa Resort, 

the procured bed sheets, duvet and pillow covers are eco-friendly textile products certified according to Oeko-Tex 

Standard 100 technology. The Oeko-Tex Standard 100 is a globally uniform testing and certification system for 

textile products which covers multiple human-ecological attributes, and textile products may be certified according 

to Oeko-Tex Standard 100 only if all components strictly meet the required ecological criteria without exception. This 

shows our commitment to ensure a sustainable supply chain.

We have plans to start screening suppliers ourselves instead of through our hotel operator for future jobs to ensure 

quality, accountability and social responsibility within our supply chain.

In addition, Accor ensures strict compliance with the local legal framework, as well as various fundamental documents 

including International Labour Organisation’s fundamental conventions and the ten principles of the United Nations 

Global Compact. As such, Accor exercises strict due diligence when assessing their suppliers and service providers to 

ensure they are not at risk for incidents of child labour or forced or compulsory labour. In the event of non-compliance 

with local labour laws, Accor would immediately sever all ties with the supplier or service provider in question.

We entrust Accor with the hotel supplier management as they have expertise in that area. Majority of our suppliers are 

approved and recommended by our hotel operator. The suppliers have gone through stringent checks to ensure there 

is no child or prisoner labour. We have plans to start screening suppliers ourselves for future jobs to ensure quality 

and accountability.

Kooddoo Airport

To ensure compliance with Maldives labour regulations, our HQ key personnel regularly visit the Kooddoo airport site 

to conduct operational audit with the assistance of our local legal advisor. We ensure that all workers on the Pullman 

Maldives Maamutaa Resort construction site are holding on to valid work permit.

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

GRI 307-1

There were zero incidents of non-compliance with local environmental laws and regulations in FY2019.

PROTECTING CUSTOMER PRIVACY AND DATA

GRI 418-1

The Group takes utmost care in protecting our customers’ privacy and data and is in compliance with the Personal 

Data Protection Act (2012). There were no reported breaches in FY2019.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

27


ENERGY AND EMISSIONS MANAGEMENT

GRI 302-4, 305-5

The Group adopts energy-efficient features such as occupancy sensors for toilets, LED lights at corridors and green 

label products for photocopier machines to conserve daily energy usage. Energy efficient structures, such as energy-

efficient refrigerator and air-conditioning system, lift system with VVVF (Variable Voltage Variable Frequency) and sleep 

mode features, and ductless fans in the basement are installed to reduce energy consumption. We also use power 

grid power instead of a diesel generator to reduce emissions and save energy.

HEADQUARTER AND  

PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT

28

KEONG HONG HOLDINGS LIMITED


VISION TOWARDS AN ACCIDENT-FREE WORK CULTURE

GRI 403-1, 403-4

We have a Health and Safety Committee with joint management-worker representation to facilitate a positive health and 

safety culture. It is the responsibility of our workers that they observe all safety precautions and comply with our Safety 

Rules and Regulations. We implement strict safety policies on-site by mandating trainings such as Safety Induction 

Training and Safe Work Practices Demonstration for all workers before they are allowed to commence work on-site to 

help us achieve our goal of an accident-free work culture.

We believe that positive safety culture starts from the top. We have implemented the Construction Safety Audit Scoring 

System (ConSASS) to audit the Safety and Health Management System at our Group and worksites. We have developed 

the CultureSAFE programme to help us build a positive Workplace Safety and Health culture, mind-set and attitude 

beyond infrastructure and level of competency.





Seaside – Fraser Property Safety Award





National Skin Centre – Safety Award

OCCUPATIONAL 

HEALTH AND SAFETY

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

29


We organise a bi-annual Safety Award day for all personnel to celebrate safety milestones and reward individuals who 

demonstrate exemplary workplace safety behaviour and contribute to project safety. We also recite the safety pledge 

and conduct safety quizzes during the ceremony to promote safety awareness and inculcate safety knowledge among 

workers. The ceremony serves to encourage all staff and workers to continue working towards achieving our workplace 

health and safety targets and prioritising safety.

Keong Hong actively participated in the sharing of safety experiences gained from projects with the construction 

community. We were invited by Ministry of Health Holdings Pte Ltd (“MOHH”) to share our experience of utilising 

innovation and technology to enhance site safety at their Healthcare Infrastructure Projects Division (HIPD) Annual 

Workplace Safety and Health Officers Dialogue 2019.





Keong Hong Invited by MOHH to share experience on utilising innovation and technology to enhance safety on site at 

their HIPD Annual Workplace Safety and Health Officers Dialogue 2019

In addition, we go the extra mile to perform a pledging ceremony for all personnel before each project to formalise our 

commitment towards health and safety. The ceremony is led by the Group’s CEO and involves senior management and 

representatives of subcontractors and workers. The Safety and Health Pledge is signed by everyone and posted on 

the entrance of the worksite. Together, we pledge to promote safety and strive for zero accident at our project sites.

OCCUPATIONAL 

HEALTH AND SAFETY

30

KEONG HONG HOLDINGS LIMITED


INJURIES AND INCIDENTS

GRI 403-2, 403-3

Our overall accident frequency rate and severity rates are below the industrial standard, and we continue to endeavour 

to lower these rates.

FY2019

FY2018

FY2017

Accident Severity Rate

40.9

11.7

34

Our AFR is 0.8 and ASR is 40.9 in FY2019, both well below the industrial average of 1.5 and 115 respectively. We 

saw a significant increase in the ASR from FY2018 to FY2019 due to a non-fatal accident that occurred during the 

reporting period. Our safety performance in FY2019 is in line with our aim of meeting the following Occupational Health 

and Safety Objectives:

• 

Maintain formal certification of our OHSAS 18001:2008 safety management system and BizSafe Star

• 

Zero fatality

• 

Zero MOM demerit points

• 

Not more than 1 reportable incident to Ministry of Manpower per project over a 12 months window period 

of construction activities

• 

Reduce Accident Frequency Rate (AFR) to below Industrial Standard (1.5) per project per year

• 

Reduce Accident Severity Rate (ASR) to below Industrial Standard (115) per project per year

To lower the risk of incidents and diseases, high-risk areas namely water bodies and food waste that attract 

pests such as mosquitos, flies and rodents were identified. Thereafter, we implemented corresponding preventive 

measures, such as constructing surface and subsoil drainage to control mosquito breeding at water bodies, and 

engaging NEA-approved licensed contractors to dispose food wastes and preventing food from rotting at our worksites.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

31


Keong Hong embraces diversity and our employees come from various walks of life. This inclusive diversity drives 

innovation and increases productivity and competitive advantages in our organisation. We endeavour to make our 

workplace fair for all our staff and workers. We provide training opportunities for staff development through continuous 

learning and skills improvement. We strive to provide sufficient welfare standards for all our employees.

EMPLOYEE DIVERSITY

GRI 401-1, 405-1, 406-1

We value the experience and knowledge of our senior staff as well as the passion and adaptability of the younger 

staff. We had a total strength of 189 staff as at 30 September 2019. We have a diversified workforce consisting 

of employees coming from different countries such as the United Kingdom, Philippines, China, Thailand, Malaysia, 

Myanmar, Bangladesh and India.

OUR WORKFORCE

26.3%

52.6%

11.4%

2.8%

5.8%

1.1%

29.1%

58.4%

12.5%

0%

10%

20%

30%

40%

50%

60%

70%

BELOW 30 YEARS OLD

30-49 YEARS OLD

50 AND ABOVE

Male

Female

In FY2019, our new hire rate was 10.90% and attrition rate was 7.17%.

OUR PEOPLE, 

OUR ASSETS

32

KEONG HONG HOLDINGS LIMITED


EMPLOYEE YEARS OF SERVICE

179

108

45

9

20

0

20

40

60

80

100

120

140

160

180

200

0-5 years

6-9 years

10-14 years

15-19 years

&gt;20 years

No. of Employees

We hold employee satisfaction and appreciation in high regard, and we recognise long-serving employees with annual 

long service awards. As we embrace diversity and encourage inclusivity, we employ workers from 8 other countries. We 

also recognise the contributions of all employees equally and fairly. As such, there were no incidents of discrimination 

in our organisation, and more than half of our construction workers have been with the company for over 5 years. With 

74 employees with more than 10 years of service, this is a testament of our exemplary labour management.

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

GRI 401-2, 401-3

At Keong Hong, we prioritise the welfare of our staff and workers by entitling them to a range of benefits including 

healthcare and insurance, parental leave and retirement benefits where eligible as we believe in a comprehensive 

welfare system for our employees. Long service employees are rewarded with increases in annual paid leave. Medical 

benefits, dental claims and fully paid Executive Health Screenings are extended to all employees.

Every female employee is entitled up to a maximum 16 weeks of paid maternity leave while male employees are 

entitled up to 2 weeks of paid paternity leave. Employee’s entitlement to childcare leave is in accordance to the 

Children Development Co-Savings Act. Adoptive mothers are entitled to 12 weeks of paid adoption leave to care for 

their adopted infants.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

33








Festival celebration – Deepavali 2019

The physical and mental wellbeing of our staff is integral to their career development as well as the sustainability of 

our growth. As such, we implemented initiatives such as building a gym facility and cosy corner at our Headquarter 

for employees to exercise regularly and enhance their work-life balance. In addition, we regularly organise recreational 

events such as cricket and hockey games and festival celebrations for all staff and workers, including our sub-con 

workers, to promote bonding and social well-being.

OUR PEOPLE, 

OUR ASSETS

34

KEONG HONG HOLDINGS LIMITED






Workers’ quarters – clean, spacious and organised

To help promote a clean and healthy living environment for our workers, our HR executive carries out weekly inspections 

of their on-site living quarters to ensure that they are well-maintained.

TRAINING AND CAREER DEVELOPMENT

GRI 404-1, 404-2, 404-3

Keong Hong has provided various trainings to upgrade our workforce and ensure that our staff and workers are 

equipped with sufficiently high standard of knowledge, skills, abilities and motivation to meet our present and future 

objectives and challenges.

Our upgrading programmes include certification courses for Green 

Mark Manager and Specialist Diploma in Construction Productivity 

to ensure our staff can contribute to the sustainability development 

of our business. We also focus on production related trainings such 

as Good Industry Practices, Building Information Modelling (BIM) 

Management and BIM (Architecture track) to further improve the 

quality of our business productions.

Other than providing our employees with training programs, we also sponsor deserving candidates for scholarships 

in tertiary education. For example, the recent scholarship recipient graduated from University of West England last 

year with a Master degree in Construction Project Management. We continue our ITE scholarship by sponsoring 3 ITE 

students for the year 2019 as part of our support for the government initiative for the ITE Work-Learn Technical Diploma 

programme. We pledge to continue with our efforts in developing and upgrading our staff and workers.

Besides employees in Singapore, we also provide trainings for our staff in Maldives that are essential to their jobs. At 

Kooddoo Airport, all staff are trained to use SMS, a software that enables them to better manage the airport better 

using data collected from the field. Other than training programs to make operations more efficient, we also conducted 

AVSECOM awareness training program for all staff to educate them on aviation security so as to enforce proper national 

security measures at the airport. Selected staff are also sent for Fire Fighting Training Course as part of the Aviation 

requirement. As we prioritise workplace safety, employees from the Safety department received basic and advanced 

incident investigation trainings to equip them with the knowledge and skills to conduct safety inspections so as to 

identify and manage hazards and potential risks.

3,612

hours of employee training

16 hours of 

training per staff

15 hours of 

training per worker

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

35


GIVING BACK TO OUR COMMUNITY

GRI 413-1, 413-2

Since the Group’s beginning, we have recognised that giving back to our community is an ongoing commitment and 

a significant part of our efforts to make a difference to society. For many years, the Group has funded charitable 

organisations that focus on caring for the underprivileged, community chests, societies and religious communities. In 

FY2019, the Group has donated over S$78,855 to various charitable organisations and beneficiaries.

We also made donations to other charitable and social causes such as the Community Chest, Singapore Association 

for Mental Health and The Singapore Scout Association. The Group places emphasis on dedicating resources towards 

the development of local communities and future leaders by investing in educational institutes and bursaries.

Our corporate social responsibility programme in FY2018 included adopting a Bucieda tree at the Singapore University 

of Technology and Design campus for $8,000, as part of its “Campus in Bloom” fundraising drive to raise money 

for scholarships, bursaries, student welfare and campus initiatives. Keong Hong is one of the 21 companies who 

participated in the “Campus in Bloom” tree adoption scheme initiated by SUTD to raise funding for the University. This 

is in line with our support of educational initiatives to develop a future generation which will contribute to the growth 

of the country.

The Group has also been channelling a significant part of our efforts and resources into developing the talent pool 

for our industry. In FY2019, the Group has donated over $10,505 to bursaries and educational institutes. We have 

awarded scholarships and bursaries to deserving recipients for their pursuit of tertiary education. For example, the 

Built Environment Undergraduate Scholarship Scheme administered by BCA is awarded to promising individuals to 

pursue an undergraduate course in Built Environment Tenable at one of the local universities. We are also one of the 

participating companies in the Institute of Technical Education (ITE) Work-Learn Technical Diploma in M&amp;E Services 

Supervision (TDMESS) course under the “SkillsFuture Earn and Learn Programme”. We endeavour to contribute to the 

growth of our industry through the development of our future generation of talents.

More recently, we have worked closely with United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) to achieve global 

Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) to create sustainable localised solutions to the population. We have received 

several appreciation letters commending our efforts and commitment to the UNDP.

OUR PEOPLE, 

OUR ASSETS

36

KEONG HONG HOLDINGS LIMITED


We participated in the Cancer Run and Mindset Challenge in 2019. Cancer Run was organised by Singapore Cancer 

Society (SCS) to raise funds to drive SCS programmes and services to minimise cancer and maximise life. The Mindset 

Challenge is a campaign to support the mentally handicapped through contributions from the society.







Cancer Run 2019 – 28 Jul 2019, East Coast

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

37








Mindset Challenge 2019 – 20 Oct 2019, Marina Financial Centre

Keong Hong will continue with our contributions to the community and fulfil our duty as a socially responsible 

corporation.

FINES OR PENALTY

GRI 419-1

There were zero incidents of non-compliance with socioeconomic laws and regulations in FY2019.

OUR PEOPLE, 

OUR ASSETS

38

KEONG HONG HOLDINGS LIMITED


S/N

Primary Component 

Section Reference 

1

Material Topics 

• Economic, Environmental and Social Topics 

• Stakeholder Engagement 

2

Policies,  Practices and Performance 

• Chairman’s Message 

• Keong Hong’s Sustainability Story

• Economic, Environmental and Social Topics 

3

Board Statement 

Governance and Statement of the Board

4

Targets 

Keong Hong’s Sustainability Story

5

Framework 

Reporting Practice

SGX FIVE PRIMARY 

COMPONENTS INDEX 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

39


GRI Standards 

Disclosure Content 

Section Reference 

102-1

Name of the organisation

Organisation Profile

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

Organisation Profile

102-3

Location of headquarters

Organisation Profile

102-4

Location of operations

Organisation Profile

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Organisation Profile

102-6

Markets served

Organisation Profile

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Organisation Profile

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Organisation Profile

102-9

Supply chain

Organisation Profile

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain

Organisation Profile

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

Organisation Profile

102-12

External initiatives

Organisation Profile

102-13

Membership of associations 

Organisation Profile

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer’s  

Message

102-15

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer’s 

Message, Keong Hong’s Sustainability 

Story 

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics

Ethics and Integrity

102-18

Governance structure 

Governance and Statement of the 

Board

102-40

List of stakeholder Companies 

Stakeholder Engagement

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Stakeholder Engagement

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder Engagement

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder Engagement

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Reporting Practice 

201-4 

Financial assistance received from government 

Financial Assistance Received from 

Government

202-2

Proportion of senior management hired from the 

local community

Market Presence

203-1

Infrastructure investments and services supported

Developing Technology &amp; Indirect 

Economic Impacts

GRI STANDARDS

CONTENT INDEX

40

KEONG HONG HOLDINGS LIMITED


GRI Standards 

Disclosure Content 

Section Reference 

203-2

Significant indirect economic impacts

Developing Technology &amp; Indirect 

Economic Impacts

204-1

Proportion of spending on local suppliers

Developing Technology &amp; Indirect 

Economic Impacts

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption

Anti-corruption

205-2

Communication and training on anti-corruption 

policies and procedures

Anti-corruption 

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

Anti-corruption

301-2

Recycled input materials used

Recycled Input Materials

302-1

Energy consumption within the organisation

Energy and Emissions Management 

302-3

Energy intensity

Energy and Emissions Management 

302-4

Reduction of energy consumption

Energy and Emissions Management 

302-5

Reductions in energy requirements of products and 

services

Energy and Emissions Management 

303-1

Water withdrawal by source

Water Management 

303-2

Water sources significantly affected by withdrawal 

of water

Water Management 

303-3

Water recycled and reused

Water Management 

304-2

Significant impacts of activities, products, and 

services on biodiversity

Managing Biodiversity

304-3

Habitats protected or restored

Managing Biodiversity

305-2

Energy Indirect Greenhouse Gas Emissions 

(Scope 2)

Energy and Emissions Management 

305-4

Greenhouse Gas Emissions Intensity

Energy and Emissions Management 

305-5

Reductions in Greenhouse Gas Emissions

Energy and Emissions Management 

306-1

Total water discharged by quality and destination

Effluents and Waste Management

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

Effluents and Waste Management 

306-5

Water bodies affected by water discharges and/or 

runoff

Effluents and Waste Management

307-1

Monetary value of significant fines and total number 

of non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with 

environmental laws and regulations

Environmental Compliance

308-1

Percentage of new suppliers that were screened 

using environmental criteria

Managing Our Suppliers 

308-2

Significant actual and potential negative 

environmental impacts in the supply chain and 

actions taken

Managing Our Suppliers 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

41


GRI Standards 

Disclosure Content 

Section Reference 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover

Employee Diversity

401-2

Benefits provided to full time employees that are not 

provided to temporary or part-time employees

Employee Benefits 

401-3

Parental leave

Employee Benefits 

403-1

Formal joint management-worker health and safety 

committee

Vision towards an Accident-free Work 

Culture

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, absenteeism, and number of 

work-related fatalities

 Injury and Incidents

403-3

Workers with high incidence or high risk of diseases 

related to their occupations

 Injury and Incidents

403-4

Health and safety topics covered in formal 

agreements with trade union

Vision towards an Accident-free Work 

Culture

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employee

Training and Career Development 

404-2 

Programmes for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programmes

Training and Career Development 

404-3

Regular performance and career development 

review

Training and Career Development 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

Employee Diversity 

406-1

Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions 

taken

Employee Diversity

408-1

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 

incidents of child labour

Managing our Suppliers

409-1

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 

incidents of forced or compulsory labour

Managing our Suppliers

413-1 

Operations with local community engagement, 

impact assessments, and development programmes

Giving Back to Our Community Noise 

and Vector Management 

413-2

Operations with significant actual and potential 

negative impacts on local communities

Giving Back to Our Community

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and customer data loss

Protecting Customer Privacy and Data

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area

Fines or Penalty

GRI STANDARDS

CONTENT INDEX

42

KEONG HONG HOLDINGS LIMITED

