


Sustainability Report 2018

Shaping a 

Sustainable 

Future


Vision

 

A global company at the forefront of  

our chosen industries, shaping the future  

for the benefit of all our stakeholders  

– Sustaining Growth, Empowering Lives  

and Nurturing Communities.

Mission

 

Guided by our operating principles 

and core values, we will deliver 

solutions for sustainable urbanisation 

profitably, safely and responsibly.

Operating Principles

1 

Best value propositions to customers.

2 

Tapping and developing best talents 

from our global workforce.

3 

Cultivating a spirit of innovation  

and enterprise.

4 

Executing our projects well.

5 

Being financially disciplined to earn  

best risk-adjusted returns.

6 

Clarity of focus and operating within  

our core competence.

7 

Being prepared for the future.

Contents

Group Overview

Letter to Stakeholders

2

Highlights

5

Sustainability Framework

6

Shaping a Sustainable Future

8

Sustainable Development Goals

9

Group Structure

14

Sustainability Management

15

Materiality

18

United Nations Global Compact

19

Awards &amp; Recognition

21

Sustaining Growth

Economic Sustainability

22

Corporate Governance

26

Risk Management

33

Regulatory Compliance

37

Environmental Management

39

Suppliers

48

Product Excellence

51

Empowering Lives

Safety &amp; Health

56

Labour Practices &amp; Human Rights

64

Nurturing Communities

Communities

72

Other Information

About this Report

84

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)  

Content Index

 

85

Independent Assurance Statement

89

LBG Assurance Statement 2018

91

Key Personnel

92


Shaping a  

Sustainable Future

Keppel is a multi-business company committed 

to providing robust solutions for sustainable 

urbanisation. Focused on being at the forefront 

of our chosen industries, we are sharpening our 

competitive edge and developing new platforms 

for growth, while placing sustainability at the heart 

of our strategy and operations.




Dear Stakeholders,

Sustainable Solutions for an 

Urbanising World 

Urbanisation is one of the most significant 

development trends facing the world today. 

With more than half the world’s population 

living in cities, a proportion that is expected 

to increase to 68% by 20501, the 2030 

Agenda for Sustainable Development 

acknowledges the importance of sustainable 

urban development and management. 

The United Nations Sustainable Development 

Goals (UN SDGs) have even included a 

dedicated goal on sustainable cities and 

communities. Comprehensive planning to 

support growing populations, as well as 

solutions to confront the environmental 

impact of urban growth, are needed to 

make the world’s urban spaces safer, 

more inclusive, resilient and sustainable.

Keppel is a multi-business company driven 

by a common purpose to provide solutions 

for sustainable urbanisation. Beyond the 

sustainable practices adopted across 

our businesses, we see sustainability as a 

business – whether it is providing access 

to cleaner sources of energy, building and 

operating water treatment or waste-to-energy 

plants, planning and building sustainable 

cities, or providing green data centres 

and logistics operations. Channelling our 

capabilities to shape a more sustainable 

future aligned with the UN SDGs, while 

harnessing the business and investment 

opportunities that these create, are at the 

core of the Keppel Group’s strategy and 

how we see ourselves contributing to a 

better world.

Strengthening Governance Frameworks

Keppel carefully considers environmental, 

social and governance (ESG) issues in all 

our strategic and investment decisions.

Integrity is a core value for Keppel. We care 

dearly about how results are achieved, 

not just that they are attained. Instilling 

this core value into every employee and 

enhancing our regulatory compliance 

are thus key priorities for the board and 

management of the company.

During the year, Keppel Offshore &amp; Marine 

(Keppel O&amp;M) carried out a risk review 

and audit of anti-corruption compliance. 

In November, Keppel O&amp;M’s entities in 

Singapore achieved certification for the 

ISO 37001 Anti-Bribery Management System. 

We will continue to work towards certification 

for the other entities within Keppel O&amp;M 

and the Group. The Group is committed 

to putting in place effective and robust 

compliance and governance regimes and 

honour the undertakings given as part of the 

2017 global resolution involving Keppel O&amp;M.

As part of the steps taken to enhance our 

internal controls, policies and procedures, 

Keppel Corporation has engaged KPMG 

to provide an independent platform for 

employees and external parties, such as 

customers, suppliers and contractors, 

to raise concerns about any perceived 

irregularity or misconduct. We have also 

enhanced reporting channels and increased 

the geographical coverage for whistle-blower 

hotlines to include 10 countries, including 

Brazil, China, Vietnam and the US.

We will continue to strengthen our policies 

and procedures and ensure that we win 

business legally and ethically, based on the 

strengths of the Group and the quality of 

our solutions.

Managing Resources, Responsibly

The Paris Agreement adopted in 2015 was 

an essential step to address climate change. 

Last December, at the UN Climate Change 

Conference COP24 in Katowice, governments 

adopted an action plan, which sets out the 

guidelines for countries to make emission 

cuts under national climate plans.

We are committed to support efforts by the 

international community and the Singapore 

government to tackle climate change. We 

continued to undertake initiatives to promote 

greater environmental responsibility and 

encourage the development and diffusion 

of environmentally friendly technologies.

Keppel Corporation made a public climate 

action pledge with the Singapore Ministry of 

the Environment and Water Resources in 

2018 to factor in environmental considerations 

in our businesses, invest in green technology, 

and optimise our operations to enhance 

energy efficiency. In 2014, we set the goal of 

achieving a 16% improvement in carbon 

emissions intensity from 2020 business-as-

usual levels. In 2018, we established a longer 

term target to achieve a 28.8% reduction in 

carbon emissions intensity by 2030, from 

2010 levels. Both targets were set based 

on the national targets announced by the 

Singapore Government in 2009 and 

2015 respectively.

As at end-2018, our operations in Singapore 

and overseas have achieved a 24% average 

reduction in carbon emissions intensity from 

our 2010 baseline. We are on track to achieving 

Keppel’s 2020 target, and will continue to 

work steadily towards our 2030 target.

Energy efficiency initiatives implemented 

across the Group in 2018, including Keppel 

Land’s Green Mark-certified developments, 

are estimated to have saved 812,134 GJ 

of energy, equivalent to 9% of the Group’s 

total energy consumption, during the year. 

This translates to an estimated $55 million 

in cost savings, and an avoidance of 

Channelling our capabilities 

to shape a more sustainable 

future aligned with the UN SDGs, 

while harnessing the business 

and investment opportunities 

that these create, are at the 

core of the Keppel Group’s 

strategy and how we see 

ourselves contributing to 

a better world.

approximately 95,000 tonnes of carbon 

dioxide emissions. Cumulatively, the Group 

has saved over 3 million GJ of energy over 

the past five years, which translates to a 

total of about $188 million in cost savings, 

and an avoidance of over 360,000 tonnes 

of carbon dioxide emissions over this period. 

In collaboration with the Singapore Building 

and Construction Authority (BCA), we will be 

incorporating five new and emerging energy 

efficient technologies in Keppel Bay Tower, 

where the headquarters of the Keppel Group 

is based. The technologies that will be piloted 

include a high efficiency air distribution 

system, a revolutionary cooling tower water 

management system, and an intelligent 

building control system. This will be the 

first time that any of these technologies are 

implemented in a development in Singapore. 

When the project is completed in 2020, 

we expect to improve the annual energy 

consumption of Keppel Bay Tower by 20%. 

We are also working to certify the building 

under BCA’s new Green Mark for super low 

energy buildings.

The Group continued to promote the use of 

renewable energy in our different businesses. 

Keppel O&amp;M and Keppel Infrastructure are 

collaborating on a solar leasing project at 

Keppel O&amp;M’s yards, where the renewable 

energy generated is helping to offset the 

yards’ energy requirements. The solar 

panels at Keppel O&amp;M’s yard have an 

installed capacity of 5.2 MWp, and solar 

panels are progressively being installed. 

In addition, a portion of the renewable 

energy certificates generated through 

this initiative is being transferred to 

Keppel Corporation, allowing the corporate 

office at Keppel Bay Tower to be fully 

powered by clean energy from the 

end of 2018 through the retirement 

of these certificates2. 

Fostering Safe &amp; Productive Employment

Our people are our most valuable resource. 

We respect and uphold labour and human 

rights principles, adhere to fair employment 

practices, and are committed to nurture 

and empower a diverse, competent and 

dedicated talent pool to drive Keppel’s further 

growth. This year, we invested over 500,000 

hours training and developing our global 

talent pool, and leveraged digital platforms 

for faster and better reach. We seek to create 

a conducive workplace where employees can 

Letter to Stakeholders

GRI 102-14

Group Overview

Loh Chin Hua

Chief Executive Officer

1 Revision of World Urbanisation Prospects (2018), Population Division of the UN Department of Economic and 

Social Affairs.

2 The renewable energy certificates allocated to Keppel Corporation’s corporate office for the period starting 

December 2018 will be retired in July 2019.

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

3

2


financially-disadvantaged students, 

and RMB 5 million to the China Foundation 

for Poverty Alleviation to support projects 

to benefit impoverished communities in 

China. Beyond Singapore and China, 

Keppel also supports various literacy and 

skills training programmes in Brazil, the 

Philippines and Vietnam to benefit less 

privileged children and youth.

In recognition of our corporate giving efforts, 

Keppel was conferred the title Champion of 

Good by the National Volunteer &amp; Philanthropy 

Centre in Singapore in 2018.

Communicating on Progress

Keppel Corporation is a signatory of the 

UN Global Compact, the world’s largest 

corporate sustainability initiative to mobilise 

a global movement of sustainable companies. 

We reaffirm our support of the Global 

Compact’s 10 principles on human rights, 

labour, environment and anti-corruption, 

which resonate strongly with our own core 

values. In this report, which is also our first 

annual Communication on Progress, we 

have described our actions to integrate 

the principles into our business strategy, 

culture and daily operations.

Shaping a Better Tomorrow 

We are encouraged that our sustainability 

efforts have been internationally recognised. 

In 2018, Keppel continued to be recognised 

in Singapore and internationally for our 

sustainability efforts and reporting. Keppel 

Corporation was the winner of the UN SDGs 

category at the Sustainable Business Awards. 

Keppel Corporation has also continued to be 

listed on various sustainability indices and 

rankings, including the MSCI World ESG 

Leaders Index, Euronext Vigeo Eiris Index – 

World 120, as well as the iEdge SG ESG 

Leaders Index and iEdge SG ESG Transparency 

Index by the Singapore Exchange.

As we execute our businesses, we will 

actively explore new opportunities and build 

future growth engines which harness the 

Group’s collective strengths and capabilities, 

and augment our mission as a provider 

of solutions for sustainable urbanisation. 

We will also continue to strengthen 

collaboration with partners to make a 

meaningful impact to society, and create 

value for our stakeholders as we shape a 

sustainable future. 

Loh Chin Hua

Chief Executive Officer

23 April 2019

Letter to Stakeholders

Group Overview

explore, develop and fulfil their professional 

aspirations, and at the same time help 

Keppel achieve its mission to provide 

solutions for sustainable urbanisation. 

Keppel has a robust Health, Safety and 

Environment Policy, which all our employees 

and suppliers are expected to abide by. While 

we have made good progress in our safety 

journey, sadly, we suffered one fatality of 

a contractor in 2018. The incident was 

associated with steel fabrication works in 

one of our Singapore shipyards. We are 

deeply saddened by the loss and have 

thoroughly investigated the root causes of 

the incident. We will continue to strengthen 

efforts in our safety journey to ensure that 

Keppelites, as well as those who work on 

our premises, are able to go home safe 

every day.

Suppliers of Keppel Group companies are 

expected to abide by the Keppel Group’s 

supplier code of conduct, which covers 

areas pertaining to business conduct, 

environmental management, labour practices, 

as well as safety and health. In 2018, all new 

suppliers were screened in accordance 

with environmental, social and governance 

criteria, and 99.8% of qualified suppliers 

signed the Code or have their own codes 

which met Keppel’s requirements.

Investing in Our Communities

Wherever we operate, we aim to invest in the 

long-term economic and social well-being of 

our communities, be it through working with 

the underprivileged, promoting education or 

caring for the environment. 

Keppel Volunteers clocked over 14,000 hours 

of volunteer work in 2018, and brought cheer 

to more than 2,600 beneficiaries. Our outreach 

efforts have positively touched lives not only 

in Singapore, but in China, Vietnam, Indonesia 

and Brazil, among other countries where we 

operate. I would like to acknowledge and 

thank all our volunteers for their dedication, 

as well as partners and Keppel alumni 

members who also contributed to the efforts. 

In partnership with organisations that share 

our values, we commit up to 1% of the Group’s 

net profit to worthy social and environmental 

causes. These contributions are coordinated 

and disbursed by Keppel Care Foundation, 

the Group’s philanthropic arm. The Foundation 

has disbursed over $36 million to worthy 

causes since its launch in 2012. 

In 2018, we made a $1 million donation to 

the President’s Challenge in Singapore to 

support over 50 social service organisations 

that provide programmes to support the 

vulnerable in society. We also committed 

$10 million to the Institute of Technical 

Education to promote education for 



4 

 


Sustainability Benchmarks 

Top 10 

Constituent of the iEdge SG ESG 

Leaders Index and the iEdge SG ESG 

Transparency Index by the Singapore 

Exchange in 2018.

Accolades

Conferred the Sustainable Business 

Award 2018 in the United Nations 

Sustainable Development Goals category. 

Economic Value 

$7.1b

Of economic value generated 

for our stakeholders.

Highlights

Safety 

&gt;200 

Safety leadership coaching 

programmes held globally to train 

and empower frontline managers.

Social Investments 

$8.9m 

Invested in social causes in 2018.

Volunteerism

&gt;14,000hrs

Of community work achieved by 

Keppel Volunteers, touching the 

lives of over 2,600 beneficiaries. 

Energy Savings

$55m 

In estimated cost savings from energy 

efficiency initiatives implemented 

in 2018 and from Keppel Land’s 

Green Mark-certified developments. 

Water Recycling

29% 

Of our water consumed in Singapore 

is water recycled by the Group. 

Suppliers 

100% 

Of all new suppliers screened 

in accordance with environmental,  

social and governance criteria. 

Sustainability Innovation 

27% 

Of R&amp;D expenditure invested in 

sustainability-linked innovation. 

Training &amp; Development

27.1hrs

Of training per employee globally.

Carbon Emissions

24% 

In average reduction in emissions  

intensity from our 2010 baseline.

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 5


Group Overview

Sustainability Framework

GRI 102-16

We are committed to sustainability,  

and consider environmental, social and 

governance issues in the determination  

of our strategy and policies. Our approach 

to sustainability starts with our goal to  

run a profitable, safe and responsible 

business providing the best value 

proposition to customers, making a 

difference to the wider community, 

and contributing to a sustainable future. 

Keppel Corporation is a signatory of the 

United Nations (UN) Global Compact, 

and we are committed to the Compact’s 

10 universal principles. We are 

also committed to working towards 

the achievement of the Sustainable 

Development Goals, and have 

incorporated 10 of the goals as a 

supporting framework to guide our 

sustainability strategy.

Keppel provides robust solutions for sustainable 

urbanisation, to meet the world's needs for energy, 

infrastructure, clean environments, high quality 

homes and offices, and connectivity. 

OUR STRATEGY

Our approach to sustainability starts with our goal to run a profitable, safe and 

responsible business providing the best value proposition to customers, while guided by 

our core values and operating principles.

The company’s sustainability strategy is guided by the three thrusts of Sustaining Growth, 

Empowering Lives and Nurturing Communities.

Sustaining Growth

We integrate sustainability principles in our business strategies and 

operations, and regard sustainable development both as a corporate 

responsibility and a source of business opportunities. 

We are focused on strong corporate governance, prudent risk 

management and resource efficiency.

Empowering Lives

People are the cornerstone of our businesses. 

We are committed to grow and nurture our talent pool through training 

and development to help our people reach their full potential. 

With safety as one of our core values, we are committed to providing  

a safe and healthy workplace for all our stakeholders.

Nurturing Communities

As a global citizen, Keppel believes that as communities thrive, we thrive.

We engage and nurture communities wherever we operate, with the goal 

of shaping a sustainable future together.

MATERIALITY APPROACH

Material issues affect our ability to create value in the long term, and influence the 

decisions of our stakeholders.

Process

A robust process was undertaken to identify and prioritise Keppel Corporation’s material 

environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues. The process was supported by an 

independent consultant and involved stakeholder consultations, workshops for senior 

management, an assessment of long-term global trends and an internal review of our 

businesses. The material ESG issues for Keppel Corporation were reviewed in 2018 and 

deemed to remain relevant.

 Read more about our materiality process on page 18.

Keppel Corporation Material Issues

Tier 1: Issues of Critical Importance

• Corporate governance

• Economic sustainability

• Safety and health

• Product excellence

• Environmental performance

Tier 2: Issues of High Importance

• Labour practices and  

human rights

• Community development

• Supply chain and 

responsible procurement

Energy

We support the safe and 

efficient harvesting of  

energy sources to power  

the world’s needs.  

Urban Living

We shape skylines 

and lives through 

vibrant and sustainable 

urban developments.

Clean Environments

We green cities with 

solutions for waste, water 

and urban climate control.

Connectivity

We connect people and 

businesses with 

information, goods and 

services in an increasingly 

digital economy.

Asset Management

We create enduring value 

with quality investment  

products and platforms. 

The Keppel Corporation Board of Directors and 

management regularly review as well as oversee the 

management and monitoring of the material ESG 

factors of the Company.

The Group Sustainability Steering Committee, 

chaired by Keppel Corporation’s Chief Executive 

Officer Loh Chin Hua and comprising senior 

management from across the Group, provides 

guidance on the Group’s sustainability strategy 

while the Group Sustainability Working Committee, 

comprising discipline-specific working groups, executes, 

monitors and reports on the Group’s efforts.

Our management systems, policies and guidelines, 

including our Employee Code of Conduct; Health, Safety 

and Environment Policy, and Supplier Code of Conduct, 

translate our principles into practice by setting standards 

both for our Company and those whom we work with.

OUR BUSINESS ENGINES

HOW WE CREATE VALUE

Keppel provides solutions for 

sustainable urbanisation,  

with key businesses in Offshore  

&amp; Marine, Property, Infrastructure 

and Investments.

Our businesses collaborate to offer  

a spectrum of innovative and 

sustainable solutions for urbanisation.

Balanced Scorecard

The Company’s balanced 

scorecard aligns compensation 

with corporate and individual 

performance, both in terms of 

financial and non-financial 

performance. 

There are four scorecard areas 

that the Company has identified 

as key to measuring the 

performance of the Group:

1. Financial and Business Drivers; 

2. Process; 

3. Stakeholders; and 

4. People. 

Some of the key sub-targets 

within each of the scorecard 

areas include key financial 

indicators, safety goals, risk 

management, compliance and 

controls measures, sustainability 

efforts, employee engagement, 

talent development and 

succession planning. 

The four scorecard areas have 

been chosen because they 

support how the Group achieves 

its strategic objectives. The 

framework provides a link for 

staff to understand how they 

contribute to each area of the 

scorecard, and therefore to the 

Company’s overall strategic 

goals. This is designed to achieve 

a consistent approach and 

understanding across the Group.

MEASURING PERFORMANCE

GOVERNANCE

Strong Governance Framework

Keppel is focused on upholding 

high standards of corporate 

governance. We have a 

strong and independent board, 

and are committed to good 

business ethics. We maintain 

clear, consistent and 

regular communication 

with shareholders.

Keppel’s System of 

Management Controls 

Framework

The Framework outlines the 

Group’s internal control and 

risk management processes 

and procedures. The Framework 

comprises three Lines of 

Defence towards ensuring the 

adequacy and effectiveness of 

the Group’s system of internal 

controls and risk management.

Core Values and  

Operating Principles

Keppel’s core values of 

integrity, accountability, 

people-centredness, safety, 

among others, along with 

our operating principles, guide 

management and staff in the 

conduct of our businesses.

Risk-Centric Culture

Effective risk management 

hinges not only on systems 

and processes, but equally 

on mindsets and attitudes. 

The Group fosters a risk-centric 

culture that enables us to 

continue to respond effectively 

to the dynamic business 

environment, shifting business 

demands and to seize new 

value-added opportunities for 

our stakeholders.

 Read more about our approach to 

governance and risk management 

on pages 26 to 38.

MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE

Employees

Customers

Governments 

Shareholders &amp; Investors

Suppliers

Local Communities

OUR STAKEHOLDERS

 Read more about how our businesses 

contribute to the Sustainable Development 

Goals on pages 9 to 13.

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 7

6 

 


Group Overview

Shaping a Sustainable Future

GRI 102-2 | 102-6 | 102-7 | 102-15

Keppel is committed to sustainability, both 

as a responsible corporate citizen and as a 

provider of solutions that contribute to a 

more sustainable world.

Seizing New Opportunities

Urbanisation trends present many exciting and interconnected 

opportunities for Keppel, whether it is providing energy, property, 

environmental solutions or connectivity. With a view to developing 

future growth engines, we are actively exploring and investing in new 

businesses such as senior living and renewable energy infrastructure. 

We are also expanding our presence in consumer businesses 

including electricity retail, urban logistics and telecommunications. 

In Singapore, Keppel Electric became the second largest electricity 

retailer after SP Services in 2018. In addition, Keppel Corporation, 

together with Singapore Press Holdings, have privatised M1, and 

are driving business changes that will enable M1 to compete more 

effectively in the telecommunications industry.



Unleashing Synergies

Our businesses are collaborating with one another to seize 

opportunities with the common purpose of providing solutions for 

sustainable urbanisation. Keppel Urban Solutions (KUS) for example, 

brings together the Group’s capabilities and track record in energy, 

property, infrastructure and connectivity to create smart, sustainable 

urban townships. KUS is working with Keppel Land to develop 

the 64-hectare Saigon Sports City in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. 

By working together as a group, we can enhance the value of our 

landbank and real estate, as well as enjoy multiple income streams 

from developing and managing properties and infrastructure, 

and providing a host of high quality urban services.  



Our businesses collaborate to offer a 

spectrum of innovative and sustainable 

solutions for urbanisation.



Strengthening Key Verticals

We have undertaken strategic initiatives to stay relevant, unlock 

new opportunities and drive growth in a fast-changing landscape.  

Our Offshore &amp; Marine Division, for instance, has been re-positioned 

as an offshore energy and infrastructure solutions provider, 

expanding its markets beyond the oil drilling sector. In 2018, 

we secured Liquefied Natural Gas and scrubber projects worth 

over $600 million. With the successful deployment of the world’s 

first converted Floating LNG (FLNG) vessel, Hilli Episeyo, we have 

demonstrated that converted FLNG solutions can be a quick and 

cost-efficient way of monetising stranded gas reserves. 

At the same time, Keppel Land is continuing its transformation 

to be a multi-dimensional real estate company, with one of the 

highest rates of return in Asia. Keppel Infrastructure is seeking 

value-enhancing projects, leveraging its project development, 

engineering, and operations and maintenance capabilities, 

while Keppel Telecommunications &amp; Transportation is scaling up 

its logistics and data centre businesses. Keppel Capital is also 

seeking long term growth, including expanding into new markets 

and asset classes, focusing on areas which harness the capabilities 

of the Keppel Group.  

 

 

8 

 


1 Revision of World Urbanisation Prospects (2018), 

Population Division of the UN Department of 

Economic and Social Affairs (UN DESA).

2 National Electricity Market of Singapore: 

Market Report 2018, Energy Market Company.

Keppel is committed to the international 

community’s sustainable development 

agenda, and will leverage collaboration 

and partnership to support the global goals.

Keppel believes that businesses can 

play an important role in contributing 

to the achievement of the Sustainable 

Development Goals (SDGs) of the 2030 

Agenda for Sustainable Development. 

We firmly believe that a company that 

is aligned with the global sustainable 

development agenda can not only 

enhance its social licence to operate, but 

also improve the sustainability, efficiency 

and competitiveness of its business. 

Having reviewed how our different 

businesses can contribute to each of the 

SDGs, we have incorporated the goals, 

where appropriate, as a supporting 

framework to shape and guide our 

sustainability strategy. In this report, 

we share how different activities of the 

Keppel Group contribute towards ten 

of these goals. 

Sustainable Urbanisation

Today, 55% of the world’s population lives 

in urban areas, a proportion that is expected 

to increase to 68% by 2050. Projections 

show that urbanisation, rural-urban 

migration, combined with the overall 

growth of the world’s population could 

add another 2.5 billion people to urban 

areas by 2050, with close to 90% of this 

increase taking place in Asia and Africa1.

With more and more people making 

cities their home, sustainable development 

depends increasingly on the successful 

management of urban growth. Understanding 

the key trends in urbanisation that are likely 

to unfold over the coming years is crucial 

to the implementation of the SDGs. Many 

countries will face challenges in meeting the 

needs of their growing urban populations, 

including for housing, transportation, energy 

systems and other infrastructure. 

Keppel’s suite of solutions for energy, 

urban living, clean environments and 

connectivity can help countries maintain 

a balance between the trend of rapid 

urbanisation and the focus on sustainability.

Sustainable Development Goals

GRI 102-2 | 102-6 | 102-7 | 102-12 | 102-15

 

 

Energy

The demand for energy will grow as cities continue to undergo 

urbanisation. Solutions in our energy portfolio focus on enhancing 

access to energy. With climate change as a growing international 

concern, demand for cleaner sources of energy such as Liquefied 

Natural Gas (LNG) is expected to rise. LNG is considered to be 

one of the safest and cleanest fossil fuels available, and offers 

significant potential for industries to reduce greenhouse gas 

emissions. With a view to developing future growth engines, 

Keppel is actively exploring and investing in new businesses 

such as renewable energy infrastructure.

As one of the world’s leaders in LNG vessel repair, Keppel Offshore 

&amp; Marine (Keppel O&amp;M) has built up critical knowledge for handling 

materials at extremely low temperatures. This experience, coupled 

with a strong track record in oil and gas projects, has enabled 

Keppel to achieve many firsts in the delivery of LNG solutions. 

Hilli Episeyo, the world’s first converted FLNG vessel which 

Keppel O&amp;M delivered in late 2017, has maintained 100% uptime 

since beginning commercial operations. Hilli’s successful proof of 

concept as a quick and cost-efficient solution for monetising stranded 

gas reserves continues to add momentum to new opportunities in the 

liquefaction vessel space. Keppel O&amp;M has since received the final 

notice to proceed on a second FLNG conversion project – the Gimi 

FLNG. The Gimi FLNG is slated to support the Greater Tortue/

Ahmeyim project located offshore West Africa.

Our ability to offer end-to-end solutions has also primed Keppel to 

meet rising demand for LNG in archipelagic markets unserved by gas 

pipelines. Keppel O&amp;M has seen continued demand for LNG related 

solutions such as LNG carriers and dual-fuel tugs. In 2018, Keppel O&amp;M 

secured over $600 million worth of LNG and scrubber projects.

 

Keppel Infrastructure’s Energy Infrastructure Division provides 

competitive energy solutions and services across the natural 

gas value chain through its subsidiaries Keppel Merlimau Cogen, 

Keppel Electric, Keppel Gas, Pipenet and Keppel DHCS. The Keppel 

Merlimau Cogen plant uses natural gas to generate electricity. 

Gas-fired plants have significantly lower carbon emissions than 

oil-fired steam plants. 

In Singapore, Keppel Electric became the second largest electricity 

retailer after SP Services, with a 13.9% market share2.

During the year, Keppel DHCS clinched a contract for the initial design 

phase of a new district cooling services (DCS) plant in the upcoming 

Jurong Innovation District in Singapore. Contingent upon approval  

by JTC Corporation, there may be a subsequent phase of the  

contract to build, own and operate a DCS plant, with a capacity of  

up to 14,000 refrigeration tonnes (RT), on a 30-year contract term. 

With the aggregate installed capacity across major business 

and industrial parks projected to increase to 74,000 RT,  

Keppel DHCS remains the largest DCS provider in Singapore.

Separately, under a research grant awarded by the Energy Market 

Authority in Singapore, Keppel DHCS and the National University of 

Singapore are jointly developing novel heat transfer materials for  

DCS. If successful, the new technology would not only improve  

energy efficiency by as much as five times but could also result in 

space savings of the same magnitude. The project is expected to be 

completed by 2021.

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 9


Group Overview

Sustainable Development Goals

 

 

Urban Living

Buildings play a dominant role in the clean 

energy transition. The construction and 

operations of buildings accounted for 36% 

of global final energy use and nearly 40% 

of energy‐related carbon dioxide emissions. 

Final energy demand in buildings has risen 

significantly with the impact from the growth 

in floor area and population outpacing the 

impact of energy efficiency improvements3. 

The rapid deployment of energy-efficient 

and low-carbon solutions for buildings and 

construction can help put the world on a 

sustainable trajectory. 

In line with our mission of providing solutions 

for sustainable urbanisation, the Group 

considers environmental factors during 

the planning and design of our property 

developments, data centres and warehouses, 

as well as during their operational phases. 

As one of Asia’s premier property companies, 

Keppel Land is focused on developing 

properties that harmonise with the 

environment, and adopts a holistic and 

proactive approach towards environmental 

management. As a leading green developer, 

Keppel Land has set the benchmark4 for all 

new Singapore developments and overseas 

commercial projects to be certified to the 

Building and Construction Authority of 

Singapore’s (BCA) Green Mark GoldPLUS 

standard, or its equivalent, and for all 

overseas residential developments to be 

certified to the BCA Green Mark Gold standard, 

or its equivalent. All newly acquired completed 

commercial buildings are also to be certified 

to the BCA Green Mark Gold standard, or its 

equivalent, within two years. The company 

has garnered a total of 83 BCA Green Mark 

Awards to date. 

In collaboration with BCA, Keppel Land will 

be incorporating five new and emerging 

energy-efficient technologies in Keppel Bay 

Tower, where the headquarters of Keppel 

Corporation is based. When implemented in 

2020, this will allow Keppel Bay Tower to 

yield estimated overall annual energy savings 

of approximately 1.5 million kWh, equivalent 

to the amount of energy required to power 

more than 250 five-room HDB flats in 

Singapore for one year. 

 Read more about our efforts to factor in 

sustainability considerations into our solutions 

and operations on pages 40 to 47.



Past:

The site chosen for the Tianjin Eco-City was saline and alkaline land lacking in fresh water.

Sino-Singapore Tianjin Eco-City

The Keppel Group leads the Singapore Consortium in the development of the Eco-City. 

This is a high-level project between the governments of Singapore and China to develop a 

sustainable city which can be a model for sustainable urbanisation in other Chinese cities. 

Since the groundbreaking in 2008, the Eco-City has been transformed from a barren, saline 

and alkaline site to an emerging green city, where over 100,000 people live and work. 

The Eco-City was named China’s first National Green Development Demonstration Zone, 

first Integrated Smart-Grid Demonstration Zone and a National Green Building Base. 

Keppel has been participating actively in and contributing to the Eco-City’s development. 

Keppel Land’s eco-friendly homes have been well-received by the market. To date, 

Keppel has launched about 4,500 units of homes in the Eco-City, of which about 98% 

have been sold as at end-2018. In 2018, Keppel secured a 10.97-hectare residential site 

in the Eco-City for a total consideration of RMB 1.07 billion (approximately $214 million). 

The new site will be developed into an eco-community comprising 392 units of terrace 

houses and 180 units of low-rise apartments. The project is expected to be launched 

in 4Q 2019.

Present: 

The Tianjin Eco-City is now one of China’s best-known sustainable urban developments.



10 

 


 

 

Clean Environments

In 2018, the world’s cities generated over 2 billion tonnes of solid 

waste, amounting to a footprint of 0.74 kilogrammes per person per 

day. With rapid population growth and urbanisation, annual waste 

generation is expected to increase by 70% to 3.40 billion tonnes 

by 20505.

Residents in developing countries are more severely impacted by 

unsustainably managed waste. In some countries, over 90% of  

waste is often disposed in unregulated dumps or openly burned. 

These practices create serious health, safety, and environmental 

consequences. Poorly managed waste serves as a breeding ground 

for disease vectors and contributes to global climate change through 

methane generation. Managing waste properly is essential for 

building sustainable and liveable cities.

Keppel Infrastructure taps the advanced technology solutions 

of its subsidiary, Keppel Seghers, to address a wide spectrum of 

environmental issues in solid waste and wastewater management. 

With a strong track record in implementing water and waste 

management projects in Europe, North and South America, 

Asia Pacific, Africa and the Middle East, Keppel is well-positioned 

to meet the challenges of building a cleaner world. 

Waste-to-energy (WTE) plants by Keppel generate green energy 

from waste and help in landfill diversion by as much as 90% 

through reduction in the volume of waste disposed. We have 

implemented our proven and patented WTE technologies in more 

than 100 state-of-the-art facilities around the world. 

Keppel’s advanced water solutions cover the full water cycle, 

including wastewater treatment, process and drinking water, 

desalination and water reuse. We have implemented more than 

350 water and wastewater treatment projects globally to date. 

Keppel has designed, built and is now operating two landmark 

projects that serve the environmental needs of Qatar – the Doha 

North Sewage Treatment Works, which recycles wastewater and 

treats sludge for agricultural reuse, and the Domestic Solid Waste 

Management Centre, which treats municipal waste to generate 

green energy.

In 2018, Keppel Seghers expanded its track record as a choice provider 

of WTE technology and services, and its geographical reach. In China, 

Keppel Seghers secured a contract to provide WTE technology and 

services for a project in Xian, Shaanxi Province. With this, Keppel is 

currently executing nine technology package projects with a total 

incineration capacity of over 15,000 tonnes per day in China. 

Keppel Seghers will also supply technology and services worth 

over €70 million for Australia’s first WTE plant in Kwinana. When 

completed in 2021, the facility, which utilises Keppel Seghers’ 

proprietary technology, can reduce the volume of waste for landfills 

by over 90% and export about 36 megawatts of green electricity 

to the grid. Meanwhile, engineering design work is progressing well 

for Phase 1 of the Hong Kong Integrated Waste Management Facility, 

the first waste-to-energy facility for Hong Kong, with key procurement 

and prefabrication works expected to commence in 2019 alongside 

ground preparation for reclamation works.

The Keppel Marina East Desalination Plant in Singapore is on track 

for completion in 2020 and will help bolster the country’s water supply 

resilience. The plant is able to treat both seawater and freshwater, 

and is Singapore’s first large-scale dual-mode desalination plant.

3 Global Status Report: towards a zero-emission, efficient and resilient buildings and construction sector (2018), International Energy Agency and the United Nations 

Environment Programme.

4 Keppel Land’s environmental targets apply to all projects where it has a majority stake and/or operational control.

5 What a Waste 2.0: A Global Snapshot of Solid Waste Management to 2050 (2018). Urban Development Series. Washington, DC: World Bank.

 

 

Connectivity

Keppel Telecommunications &amp; Transportation (Keppel T&amp;T) continues 

to focus on energy efficiency and reliability in its data centre portfolio of 

22 data centres across 14 cities in Asia Pacific and Europe. The company’s 

data centre facilities in Singapore are certified with the Singapore Standard 

for Green Data Centres, and utilise a host of energy-efficient solutions 

to improve power usage effectiveness. In the Logistics business, the 

company continues to harness technology, such as enhanced route 

planning, to minimise travelling distance and reduce fuel wastage.

Keppel T&amp;T is also pursuing innovative new solutions in collaboration 

with other business units in the Group, including floating data centre 

parks and high-rise green data centres, which may also incorporate 

cold energy harvesting facilities.

In September 2018, Keppel Corporation announced a major strategic 

initiative, in collaboration with Singapore Press Holdings (SPH), to gain 

majority control of M1, in order to drive business changes that will enable 

M1 to compete more effectively in the telecommunications industry. 

The voluntary conditional general offer for M1 turned unconditional in 

February 2019, with the joint venture company, Konnectivity, and its 

concert parties achieving majority control of M1. On 16 April 2019, 

due to the strong support from M1’s shareholders, Konnectivity 

exercised its rights to compulsorily acquire all the shares of shareholders 

who have not accepted the offer. M1 complements Keppel’s mission 

as a solutions provider for sustainable urbanisation, which includes 

connectivity, and can serve as a digital platform and connectivity 

partner to complement and augment Keppel’s current suite of solutions.

 

 

Asset Management

As an integrated asset manager, Keppel Capital continues to play 

a key role in collaborating with other business units to create 

real assets from the spectrum of solutions offered by the Group. 

Keppel Capital will continue to pursue opportunities to grow its assets 

under management, boosting the Group’s funding capabilities and 

expanding its capital base. Leveraging the Group’s core competencies, 

Keppel Capital will continue to create innovative investment solutions 

and connect investors with high-quality real assets in fast-growing 

sectors fuelled by urbanisation trends.

In 2018, Keppel Capital made headway in the investments into 

alternative asset classes, including senior living and education 

real estate sectors. Population ageing, especially in urban societies, 

will be one of the most significant social transformations of the 

twenty-first century, with wide-ranging implications on many sectors. 

Keppel’s announced acquisition of a stake in a leading US senior living 

operator is a strategic move to enter this new growth sector and also 

bring customised solutions to Singapore and other markets in Asia.

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 11


Group Overview

Sustainable Development Goals

 

 

Ensuring Compliance 

Guided by our core values and enhanced code of conduct, we are fully 

committed to ensuring that compliance is a central pillar of our 

management and an integral part of our corporate culture and 

business processes. We remain focused on ensuring consistency in 

application and operational effectiveness of the compliance 

programme across the Group. 

Given the geographical diversity of our businesses, we closely monitor 

developments in the laws and regulations of countries where the 

Group operates to ensure that our businesses and operations comply 

with all relevant laws and regulations. We regularly engage with local 

government authorities and agencies to keep abreast of changes 

to laws and regulations. We recognise that non-compliance with laws 

and regulations not only has significant financial impact but 

potentially detrimental reputational impact on the Group. 

Keppel is committed to putting in place effective and robust 

compliance and governance regimes. As part of ongoing efforts to 

strengthen its compliance controls, Keppel O&amp;M executed a review 

and audit of its anti-corruption compliance. In November 2018, 

Keppel O&amp;M’s entities in Singapore achieved certification for the 

ISO 37001 Anti-Bribery Management System. We will continue to 

work towards certification for the other entities within Keppel O&amp;M 

and the Group.

 Read more about our regulatory compliance practices on pages 37 and 38.

 

 

Valuing Our People

Our businesses spark economic growth, productivity and jobs. 

In 2018, Keppel’s businesses generated over $7 billion in economic 

value. This includes revenue, interest and investment income, 

and disposal gains. $988 million was paid out in employee wages 

and benefits, and $135 million was paid to governments in the 

form of taxes. 

Some 18,000 people in over 20 countries work at Keppel. They are 

supported by an inclusive culture that allows them to maximise their 

potential. Our hiring policies ensure equal employment opportunities 

for all. Our stance on diversity and inclusion is articulated in 

our corporate statement on diversity and inclusion, which was 

formalised in early 2019, and is publicly available online. 

We are committed to nurture human capital, and make investments 

to equip our employees with up-to-date skills and certifications. 

We also partner government bodies and educational institutions 

on initiatives targeted at grooming young talents. 

 Read more about our training and development initiatives for staff  

on pages 68 and 69.

 

 

Occupational Safety &amp; Health 

Safety is a core value at Keppel, and an integral part of our business. 

We are committed to provide a safe and healthy workplace for all 

our stakeholders, and focus on strengthening our frameworks and 

management systems as well as promoting a culture of safety 

ownership across our operations. 

In 2018, we invested approximately $26 million in enhancing 

safety infrastructure, upgrading systems and building knowledge 

and skillsets across the Group. We also support national and 

industry-related initiatives to raise safety standards, and members 

of Keppel’s management team sit on various committees of the 

Workplace Safety and Health Council and related industry associations. 

Over 200 safety leadership coaching programmes were conducted 

globally in 2018 to train and empower frontline and senior managers. 

The Group also rolled out its Incident Investigation and Root Cause 

Analysis training programme in Singapore in 2018 as part of ongoing 

efforts to harmonise safety systems and processes across our 

global operations. 

The Keppel Safety Training Centre at Keppel Shipyard in Singapore 

offers a complete range of safety training and certification courses in 

both trade specific and broad-based skills for all levels of the workforce. 

In Brazil, BrasFELS opened a new health, safety and environment 

Training Centre in 2018. The Centre is equipped with two auditoriums, 

a classroom for practical safety trainings and a showroom. 

Keppel Land’s Safety Awareness Centres in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam; 

Johor Bahru, Malaysia; Jakarta, Indonesia and Tianjin, China, provide 

mandatory training for contractors’ employees and foster a culture 

of safety across Keppel Land’s supply chain. In 2018, Keppel Land 

launched a mobile centre in Wuxi, China, which will serve three sites. 

 Read more about our efforts to establish a strong culture of safety at 

our workplaces on pages 57 to 63.

12 

 


Keppel’s 

Sustainability 

Thrusts

Related  

Material  

Issues

 

Related  

SDGs

 

 

Approach

Sustaining 

Growth

Environmental 

performance

Our advanced technology solutions address a wide spectrum of environmental 

issues in solid waste and wastewater management, as well as seawater and 

freshwater treatment to bolster water supply resilience.

Product excellence

We enhance access to energy with our diverse portfolio of solutions. Our delivery 

of the world’s first Floating Liquefied Natural Gas vessel conversion puts us ahead 

of the curve as a leading provider of floating liquefaction solutions. 

Economic 

sustainability/ 

Product excellence

Our businesses help promote sustainable urbanisation. We offer solutions for 

property, infrastructure, technology and services that optimise urban systems and 

contribute towards resilient, green and liveable cities. 

Environmental 

performance/ 

Supply chain 

and responsible 

procurement

We are focused on achieving sustainable management and efficient use of natural 

resources. We aim to reduce waste generation through resource efficiency, 

recycling, and reuse of natural resources. 

Environmental 

performance 

We are committed to minimising our environmental impact. To support the climate 

change agenda, we have set a target of achieving a 28.8% reduction in carbon 

emissions intensity by 2030 from 2010 levels, in addition to the target of achieving 

a 16% improvement in carbon emissions from 2020 business-as-usual levels. 

Corporate governance

We will conduct ourselves according to the highest ethical standards and 

comply with all applicable laws and regulations wherever we operate. Our tone 

on regulatory compliance is clear and consistently reiterated from the top of the 

organisation. We have zero tolerance for fraud, bribery, corruption and violation 

of laws and regulations. 

Empowering 

Lives

Safety and health

Providing a safe and healthy working environment for all stakeholders is 

fundamental to our commitment to conduct business responsibly. We are strong 

advocates for safety and health in the broader community, and champion national 

and industry initiatives to raise standards and drive innovation in these aspects. 

The Keppel Group won 28 awards at the Workplace Safety and Health Awards in 

2018, the highest number of awards won by a single organisation in the year. 

Labour practices and 

human rights

Our businesses spark economic growth, productivity and jobs. Our hiring policies 

ensure equal employment opportunities for all, and we are committed to invest in 

nurturing our human capital.

Economic 

sustainability/ 

Community 

development

We are committed to operating sustainably, and apply our knowledge, skills and 

technology to drive innovation and support economic development and the 

well-being of our communities.

Nurturing 

Communities

Community 

development

Through collaboration with our stakeholders, we mobilise and share knowledge, 

expertise and technology, as well as financial and human resources to support the 

achievement of the SDGs.

Supporting the SDGs

GRI 102-12

Keppel firmly believes that a company that is aligned with the global sustainable development agenda can not only enhance its social licence to 

operate, but also improve the sustainability, efficiency and competitiveness of its business. We have incorporated the Sustainable Development 

Goals, where appropriate, as a supporting framework to shape and guide our sustainability strategy.

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 13


Group Overview

Keppel Corporation Limited

Notes:

1 Owned by a Singapore Consortium, which is in turn 90%-owned by the Keppel Group.

2 Owned by Keppel Telecommunications &amp; Transportation Ltd (19%) and Konnectivity (81%), a joint venture between Keppel Corporation and Singapore Press Holdings.

3 Owned by Keppel Land Limited (43%) and Keppel Capital Holdings Pte Ltd (4%).

4 Public listed company.

5 Owned by Keppel Infrastructure Holdings Pte Ltd (49%) and Keppel Infrastructure Trust (51%).

6 Owned by Keppel Capital Holdings Pte Ltd (50%) and Keppel Telecommunications &amp; Transportation Ltd (50%).

Updated as at 8 May 2019. The complete list of subsidiaries and significant associated companies is available at www.kepcorp.com.

Infrastructure

• Energy infrastructure

• Environmental infrastructure

• Infrastructure services

• Logistics and data centres

• Investments

KEPPEL INFRASTRUCTURE

HOLDINGS PTE LTD 

100%

ENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE

Keppel Gas Pte Ltd  

100%

Keppel Electric Pte Ltd

100%

Keppel DHCS Pte Ltd  

100%

Keppel Merlimau Cogen

Pte Ltd5

49%

ENVIRONMENTAL INFRASTRUCTURE

Keppel Seghers Pte Ltd

100%

INFRASTRUCTURE SERVICES

Keppel Infrastructure 

Services Pte Ltd

100%

INVESTMENTS

Keppel Infrastructure Trust 4

18%

KEPPEL TELECOMMUNICATIONS &amp; 

TRANSPORTATION LTD

100%

LOGISTICS &amp; DATA CENTRES

Keppel Logistics Pte Ltd

100%

Keppel Data Centres Holding

Pte Ltd

100%

UrbanFox Pte Ltd

85%

Keppel DC REIT4

25%

Investments

• Asset management

• Master development

• Investments

KEPPEL CAPITAL HOLDINGS

PTE LTD 

100%

Keppel REIT Management

Limited 

100%

Alpha Investment Partners Ltd

100%

Keppel Infrastructure Fund

Management Pte Ltd 

100%

Keppel DC REIT

Management Pte Ltd6

50%

Keppel-KBS US REIT

Management Pte Ltd

50%

Keppel-KBS US REIT4

8%

KEPPEL URBAN SOLUTIONS

PTE LTD

100%

KRISENERGY LTD 4

Cayman Islands 

40%

M1 LIMITED2

100%

Offshore &amp; Marine

• Offshore rig design, construction, 

repair and upgrading

• Ship conversion and repair

• Specialised shipbuilding

KEPPEL OFFSHORE &amp;

MARINE LTD

100%

Keppel FELS Limited  

100%

Keppel Shipyard Limited 

100%

Keppel Singmarine Pte Ltd

100%

Keppel LeTourneau 

100%

Keppel Nantong Shipyard 

Company Limited 

China

100%

Offshore Technology 

 

Development Pte Ltd

100%

Keppel Marine &amp;  

Deepwater Technology Pte Ltd

100%

Keppel AmFELS LLC 

 

United States

100%

Keppel FELS Brasil SA  

Brasil

100%

Keppel Philippines Marine Inc 

The Philippines

98%

Keppel Subic Shipyard Inc 

The Philippines

86%

Dyna-Mac Holdings Limited4

24%

Property

• Property development

• Investments

KEPPEL LAND LIMITED

100%

Keppel Land 

International Limited  

Southeast Asia and India

100%

Keppel Land China

China

100%

Keppel Bay Pte Ltd

100%

Keppel REIT 3 &amp; 4

47%

GROUP CORPORATE SERVICES

Control &amp; Accounts

Human Resources

Tax

Corporate Communications

Legal

Treasury

Strategy &amp; Development

Risk &amp; Compliance

Information Systems

Corporate Development

Audit

Health, Safety &amp; Environment

SINO-SINGAPORE TIANJIN ECO-CITY INVESTMENT AND DEVELOPMENT CO., LTD1

China 

50%

Group Structure

GRI 102-4 | 102-5 | 102-6 | 102-7 | 102-45

14 

 


Board Statement on Sustainability

“The key material environmental, social and governance factors 

for Keppel Corporation have been identified and are regularly 

reviewed by Keppel Corporation’s Board of Directors and 

management. The Board oversees the management and 

monitoring of these factors and takes them into consideration in 

the determination of the Company’s strategic direction and policies.”

Keppel Corporation Board of Directors

Sustainability issues are 

managed and communicated 

at all levels of the Group.  

Keppel Group’s Sustainability Management Structure

Economic Sustainability

Corporate Governance

Environmental Performance

Product Excellence

Safety &amp; Health

Labour Practices &amp; 

Human Rights

Supply Chain &amp; 

Responsible Procurement

Community Development

Sustainability Steering Committee

Sustainability Working Committee

Secretariat

KEPPEL CORPORATION BOARD

The Keppel Corporation Board and management 

regularly review as well as oversee the 

management and monitoring of the material 

Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) 

factors of the Company, and take them into 

consideration in the determination of the 

Company's strategic direction and policies. 

The Group Sustainability Steering Committee 

provides guidance on strategic and operational 

issues. The committee is chaired by Keppel 

Corporation’s Chief Executive Officer and 

Executive Director Loh Chin Hua and comprises 

senior management from across the Group. 

High-level strategic matters pertaining to 

sustainability issues are addressed at the 

annual Group Sustainability Steering 

Committee meeting. 

Supporting the Steering Committee 

is the Working Committee, co-chaired 

by Sebastien Lamy, Director of 

Group Strategy &amp; Development and 

Managing Director of Keppel Technology 

&amp; Innovation, and Ho Tong Yen, Director 

of Group Corporate Communications, 

Keppel Corporation. The committee, 

comprising eight discipline-specific 

working groups with representatives 

from across our different businesses, 

executes and reports on the Group’s 

efforts across the material ESG aspects 

of Economic Sustainability, Corporate 

Governance, Environmental Performance, 

Product Excellence, Safety &amp; Health, 

Labour Practices &amp; Human Rights, 

Supply Chain &amp; Responsible Procurement, 

and Community Development.

Sustainability Management

GRI 102-18 | 102-19 | 102-20 | 102-22 | 102-26 | 102-29 | 102-31 | 102-32

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 15


Sustainability Management

Group Overview

Stakeholder Engagement

GRI 102-21 | 102-42

Regular engagement with our stakeholders 

helps us determine our material areas 

of focus. 

Our stakeholder engagement 

framework is developed in accordance 

with the AA1000 AccountAbility 

Stakeholder Engagement Standard, 

whereby stakeholders are defined to 

be individuals, groups of individuals 

or organisations that affect and/or 

could be affected by Keppel’s 

activities, products or services 

and associated performance.

In reviewing our approach towards 

the management and reporting 

of ESG issues, Keppel embarked on 

a stakeholder consultation exercise 

in end-2018. All stakeholder groups are 

represented in the consultation process, 

which is targeted for completion  

in mid-2019.

Memberships in Associations

GRI 102-13

In addition to engaging our stakeholders, 

we participate as members of organisations 

that include: 

• United Nations (UN) Global Compact 

as a Signatory, and Global Compact 

Network Singapore as a member; 

we are committed to the 10 principles 

of the Global Compact and 

support broader UN sustainable 

development goals; 

• Singapore Institute of Directors to 

promote the professional development 

of directors and corporate leaders 

and uphold the highest standards 

of corporate governance and 

ethical conduct;

• Securities Investors Association (Singapore) 

to engage the investment community and 

promote good corporate governance;

• Singapore National Employers 

Federation to promote excellence in 

employment practices; 

• Workplace Safety &amp; Health Council 

to build industry capabilities to better 

manage WSH and promote safety and 

health at work;

• Singapore Institute of International Affairs 

to deepen understanding and forge stronger 

partnerships between countries in the region.

Collaboration with stakeholders 

supports us in addressing 

sustainability challenges.

The Keppel Core Values

GRI 102-16

Can Do

Passion and Vigour





Integrity

Act with Ethics and Honesty



Customer Focus

Forge Value-Added

Partnerships



People-Centredness

Value and Nurture People



Agility &amp; Innovation

Adapt to Change and

Innovate for Growth



Safety

Zero Accident, Zero Loss



Collective Strength

Global Mindset

and Teamwork



Accountability

Responsible to

all Stakeholders

16 

 


Our Stakeholders

GRI 102-21 | 102-40 | 102-42 | 102-43 | 102-44

Suppliers

Significance

Strong, effective relationships with our 

suppliers give our businesses strategic 

advantages, including better value.  

By effecting stringent procurement 

processes and a supplier code of conduct, 

we aim to encourage our suppliers to 

adopt sustainable practices. 

Key Topics &amp; Concerns

Compliance; HSE excellence.

Approach

Regular meetings by project managers 

and HSE teams with key subcontractors 

and suppliers; regular site visits 

by management.

Our Response

Read more about how we work with 

suppliers to influence their sustainability 

performance on pages 48 to 50.   

Shareholders &amp; Investors

Significance

Shareholders play an important role in  

the financing and governance aspects  

of our business. Our Investor Relations 

Policy sets out the principles that the 

Company abides by to help shareholders 

and prospective investors make  

well-informed decisions and ensure  

a level playing field.

Key Topics &amp; Concerns

Business strategy and direction;  

economic performance. 

Approach

Regular conference calls; shareholder 

meetings; briefings to retail shareholders; 

facility visits; quarterly results webcasts; 

ongoing email and phone communications.

Our Response

Read more about how we engage the 

investment community on pages 32 

and 33 of Keppel Corporation’s Report 

to Shareholders 2018. 

Local Communities

Significance

As active members of our communities, 

we aim to contribute towards their 

continued well-being. We engage 

community leaders to develop  

impactful programmes that drive 

community development. 

Key Topics &amp; Concerns

Community investments, 

volunteer programmes. 

Approach

Regular meetings and community 

outreach initiatives. 

Our Response

Read more about how we collaborate 

with community partners to drive social 

development on pages 72 to 83.  

Customers

Significance

Customer satisfaction is crucial to the 

success of our businesses. We are 

committed to continually improve our 

range of products to better meet customers’ 

needs, and we harness insights from our 

engagements with customers.

Key Topics &amp; Concerns

Product and service quality; Health, Safety 

and Environment (HSE) excellence. 

Approach

Regular meetings; ongoing communications 

via email and phone; regular customer 

satisfaction surveys.

Our Response

Read more about how we engage 

customers on pages 53 and 54. 

Employees

Significance

People are our most valuable asset.  

We are committed to investing in the 

development of our people. We adopt 

merit-based recruitment practices and 

emphasise diversity and inclusiveness.

Key Topics &amp; Concerns

Vision, strategy and direction;  

innovation; productivity; collaboration; 

people development.

Approach

Annual employee engagement surveys; 

regular townhalls; training; mentorship 

programmes.  

Our Response

Read more about how we manage our 

global workforce on pages 64 to 71. 

Governments

Significance

Governments shape the business 

environments in which we operate. 

Political factors, policies and regulation 

can affect how businesses are run and 

create new opportunities for companies. 

We track topics of concern to governments 

and regulatory bodies wherever we operate.

Key Topics &amp; Concerns

Opportunities for business collaboration 

and investment; sharing of industry best 

practice; setting industry benchmarks. 

Approach

Occasional official visits and meetings; 

industry forums.  

Our Response

Read more about how we collaborate with 

governments to raise industry standards 

on pages 60 and 61 as well as page 80. 

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 17


Group Overview

Materiality

GRI 102-46

Materiality assessments are important 

components of Keppel’s sustainability 

strategy and reporting. Our materiality 

assessments were based on the AA1000 

AccountAbility Principles of Inclusivity and 

Materiality, as well as the Global Reporting 

Initiative (GRI) Principles for Defining Report 

Content – stakeholder inclusiveness, 

sustainability context, materiality and 

completeness. Materiality with respect 

to sustainability reporting, as defined by 

GRI Standards, includes topics and indicators 

that reflect the organisation’s significant 

economic, environmental, and social impacts; 

and would substantively influence the 

assessments and decisions of stakeholders.  

Our materiality assessments 

are based on principles 

of inclusivity, materiality 

and completeness. 

Keppel Corporation Material Issues

GRI 102-47

Corporate  

Governance

Economic  

Sustainability

Safety &amp;  

Health

Product  

Excellence

Environmental

Performance

Labour 

Practices &amp;

Human Rights

Community

Development

Supply Chain 

&amp; Responsible

Procurement

Tier 1: Issues of Critical Importance

Tier 2: Issues of High Importance

Process

Integrate

Step 3

Important material 

matters are 

managed as part 

of our business 

processes, and 

targets are set to 

drive behaviours

and measure

performance. 

Prioritise

Step 2

From the list of 

material issues 

identified, we 

prioritise those 

that have the most 

significant impact 

on our ability to 

successfully 

execute our 

strategy and 

deliver long-term 

value to our  

stakeholders.

To focus our 

efforts, the issues 

are classified 

as being either 

of ‘Critical 

Importance’ or 

‘High Importance’.

Review &amp; Validate

Step 4

The material issues 

are reviewed and 

validated annually, 

taking into account 

changes to our 

businesses and 

societal trends.

Identify

Step 1

We identify the 

Company’s 

material 

Environmental, 

Social and 

Governance (ESG) 

issues through 

stakeholder 

consultations, an 

assessment of 

long-term global 

trends and an 

internal review of 

our businesses.

 Read more about 

how we engage 

stakeholders on 

sustainability 

issues on pages  

16 and 17. 

18 

 


United Nations Global Compact

GRI 102-12

Performance Data

Principle

Approach

Measures

HUMAN RIGHTS

Principle 1

Support of human rights

Principle 2

Exclusion of human rights 

abuses

Keppel upholds and respects the fundamental 

principles set out in the UN universal declaration 

of human rights and the International Labour 

Organisation’s (ILO) declaration on fundamental 

principles and rights at work. 

Our approach to human rights is informed and guided 

by general concepts from the UN Guiding Principles 

on Business and Human Rights. 

We respect the values and cultures of the people 

and the communities in which we operate, 

and aim to serve as a positive influence. 

Our stance on human rights is formalised in our 

corporate statement on human rights which is publicly 

available online.

Our suppliers are expected to abide by the Keppel 

supplier code of conduct, which sets our expectations 

for suppliers to respect and uphold fundamental 

human rights in their operations.

Where applicable, our business units conduct outreach 

programmes and briefings to subcontractor workers 

to inform them of their employment rights, and the 

available channels to report any violation of their rights.

In the broader community, we contribute towards 

providing educational opportunities to the 

disadvantaged through scholarships and bursaries, 

as well as offer skills development and job training 

opportunities at our workplaces.

 Read more about how we screen and qualify our suppliers 

on pages 49 and 50.

 Read more about how we support education for the 

disadvantaged on pages 76 to 83.

LABOUR

Principle 3

Assurance of freedom 

of association

Principle 4

Elimination of all forms of 

forced and compulsory labour

Principle 5

Abolition of child labour

We have zero tolerance for unethical labour practices 

such as child labour, forced labour, slavery and human 

trafficking in any of our operations. Keppel also 

supports the elimination of exploitative labour.

Unions are our partners and we place great 

emphasis on maintaining a harmonious relationship. 

Approximately 28.9% of our global workforce 

are bargainable employees covered by 

collective agreements.

We adhere to national labour laws and regulations 

wherever we operate. In Singapore, both local and 

foreign workers receive protection under the Penal 

Code and employment legislation such as the 

Employment Act and Workplace Safety and Health Act. 

In addition, foreign workers, especially the lower-skilled 

and lower-income workers, are accorded additional 

protection under the Employment of Foreign Manpower 

Act and the Employment Agencies Act.

The Keppel supplier code sets out the standards of 

conduct to which our suppliers are expected to adhere 

to in relation to child labour, forced labour, freedom of 

association, equal opportunity and fair compensation. 

 Read more about our labour practices on pages 64 to 71.

Principle 6

Elimination of discrimination

Our hiring policies ensure equal employment 

opportunities for all. New hires are considered 

based on individual competencies as well as 

organisational and job fit. Our employment statistics 

are reviewed regularly.

Our employee code of conduct sets the tone in relation 

to the Group’s stance against discrimination on 

any basis.

We adhere to provisions of national laws and 

regulations concerning discrimination wherever 

we operate. Our company policies and procedures 

make qualifications, skills and experience the basis for 

the recruitment, placement, training and advancement 

of staff at all levels. If any discrimination is identified, 

guidelines are in place for the appropriate handling on 

any grievance cases to address complaints, handle 

appeals and provide recourse for employees.

In Singapore, Keppel adheres to the tripartite guidelines 

on fair employment practices and endorses the 

employers’ pledge of fair employment practices. 

A key principle espoused in the guidelines is that the 

recruitment of employees should be on the basis of 

merit and regardless of race or other characteristics, 

such as age and gender. 

We are a signatory of the United Nations (UN) 

Global Compact and are committed to upholding 

its 10 principles on human rights, labour, environment 

and anti-corruption. The following report index 

describes the progress we have made in 2018.



Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 19


Performance Data

Principle

Approach

Measures

ENVIRONMENT

Principle 7

Precautionary approach to 

environmental challenges

Principle 8

Initiatives to promote greater 

environmental responsibility

Principle 9

Development and 

diffusion of environmentally 

friendly technologies

The proactive management of our environmental 

impact enables us to improve resource efficiency, 

reduce costs and support the global climate 

change agenda. 

The Group’s risk-based strategies are used to assess, 

avoid, reduce and mitigate environmental risks and 

impacts. Our focus areas are enhancing energy 

efficiency, managing water and waste, reducing our 

carbon emissions and improving our environmental 

management systems.

Our approach to environmental management covers 

the following aspects:

– fulfilling compliance obligations;

– protecting the environment by preventing or 

mitigating adverse environmental impacts;

– enhancing environmental performance;

– achieving financial and operational benefits that 

can result from implementing environmentally 

sound alternatives that strengthen Keppel’s 

market position; and

– communicating environmental information to 

relevant interested parties.

All our key business units are certified to the ISO 14001 

environmental management system, which guides how 

we identify, manage, monitor and control environmental 

issues. In addition, the rigs and ships we build comply 

with all six technical annexes of the International 

Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from 

Ships (MARPOL 73/78) which is the main international 

convention covering prevention of pollution of the 

marine environment by ships, while our data centres 

are certified under the SS 564 Singapore standard for 

national green data centres management system.

Across our key businesses, we adopt a systems 

approach and apply the International Standards 

framework and Plan-Do-Check-Act model to achieve 

continual improvement in environmental management.

In line with our mission of providing solutions 

for sustainable urbanisation, the Group considers 

environmental factors during the planning and design 

of our property developments, data centres and 

warehouses as well as during their operation phases. 

 Read more about our initiatives to promote greater 

environmental responsibility on pages 39 to 47.

ANTI-CORRUPTION

Principle 10

Measures against corruption

Guided by our core values and enhanced code of 

conduct, we are fully committed to ensuring that 

compliance is a central pillar of our management and 

an integral part of our corporate culture and business 

processes. We will do business the right way and 

comply with all applicable laws and regulations 

wherever we operate. 

Our tone for regulatory compliance is clear and 

consistently reiterated from the top and throughout 

all levels of the Group. We have zero tolerance 

for fraud, bribery, corruption and violation of laws 

and regulations.

Our regulatory compliance governance structure 

is designed to strengthen our corporate governance. 

The board risk committee supports the Board 

in its oversight of regulatory compliance and is 

responsible for driving the Group’s implementation 

of effective compliance and governance systems.

We continue to improve our risk-based due 

diligence process for all third party associates 

who represent the Keppel Group in business dealings, 

including our joint venture partners, to assess the 

compliance risk of the business partner. In addition 

to background checks, the due diligence process 

incorporates requirements for third party associates 

to acknowledge understanding and compliance 

with our code of conduct. 

We have a strict code of conduct that applies to 

all employees, who are required to acknowledge 

and comply with the code. The code covers areas 

from conduct in the workplace to business conduct, 

including clear provisions on prohibitions against 

bribery and corruption, and conflicts of interests 

amongst others.

We ensure that our compliance policies and procedures 

are communicated effectively to all employees and 

directors. These include policies on anti-bribery, gifts 

and hospitality, agent fees, donations and sponsorships, 

solicitation and extortion, conflict of interest, and 

insider trading amongst others.

Our written policy on commitment to compliance with 

anti-corruption laws was strengthened in 2018 with the 

issuance of the global anti-bribery policy, consolidating 

the multiple relevant policies which form part of our 

compliance programme. The procedures and rules 

defined in the policy encapsulates key points of the 

Group’s zero-tolerance approach towards bribery. 

An e-training and assessment exercise covering all 

key policies, including Keppel’s enhanced code of 

conduct, is carried out an annual basis, and targeted 

training focused on line manager responsibilities 

and employee obligations were conducted in 2018. 

Over 15,000 directors and employees completed the 

e-training and toolbox training in 2018.

Keppel’s Whistle-Blower Policy encourages 

the reporting of suspected bribery or misconduct 

through a clearly-defined process and reporting 

channel, by which reports can be made in confidence 

and without fear of reprisal. In 2018, the whistle-blower 

hotline was outsourced to an external and independent 

service provider to cater to language and time zone 

requirements across the different countries in which 

the Group operates. 

In November 2018, Keppel Offshore &amp; Marine’s 

Singapore entities achieved the ISO 37001 certification 

on anti-bribery management system. We continue to 

work towards certification for the Group.

 Read more about our regulatory compliance framework, 

as well as policies and procedures to reinforce a strong 

compliance culture on pages 37 and 38.

United Nations Global Compact

Group Overview

20 

 


Awards &amp; Recognition

Sustainable Business Awards Singapore 

Keppel Corporation won the United Nations 

Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) 

category at the Sustainable Business 

Awards 2018. The awards, organised by 

Global Initiatives in partnership with PwC 

Singapore, recognise businesses with 

sustainable business practices. 

iEdge SG ESG Indices 

Keppel Corporation continued to be listed 

among the top 10 constituents of the iEdge SG 

ESG Leaders Index (formerly SGX ESG Leaders 

Index) and iEdge SG ESG Transparency Index 

(formerly SGX ESG Transparency Index) in 

2018. The iEdge SG ESG Indices are composed 

of SGX-listed companies that meet minimum 

sustainability reporting requirements and are 

considered ESG leaders with established and 

leading ESG practices. 

Champion of Good 

Keppel was conferred the title Champion 

of Good, a national recognition framework 

under the Company of Good programme 

by Singapore’s National Volunteer &amp; 

Philanthropy Centre, for the second 

consecutive year. 

Asia Sustainability Reporting Awards

Keppel Corporation was honoured as a finalist 

at the fourth Asia Sustainability Reporting 

Awards for the categories of Asia’s best 

workplace reporting, Asia’s best community 

reporting and Asia’s Best SDG reporting. 

The awards, which recognise exemplary 

corporate reporting in Asia, had close to 

400 submissions from 16 countries. 

Euronext Vigeo Eiris Index-World 120 

Keppel Corporation was listed as an index 

component of the Euronext Vigeo Eiris – 

World 120 Index for the sixth consecutive year. 

Developed by Euronext, the primary exchange in 

the Eurozone, and Vigeo, the leading European 

agency in corporate social responsibility ratings, 

the Euronext Vigeo Eiris – World 120 Index is 

composed of 120 of the highest-ranking listed 

companies globally in terms of performance in 

corporate responsibility.

Workplace Safety and Health Awards 

The Keppel Group was conferred 28 awards 

at the Workplace Safety and Health (WSH) 

Awards 2018 organised by Singapore’s 

Ministry of Manpower and the WSH Council. 

The Group received accolades in the following 

categories: Safety and Health Award Recognition 

for Projects Awards, WSH Performance Awards, 

WSH Innovation Awards and WSH Awards for 

Supervisors. This is the largest number of 

awards won by a single organisation in 2018. 

MSCI World ESG Leaders Index 

Keppel Corporation was listed as a constituent 

of the MSCI World ESG Leaders Index1 for the 

fifth consecutive year. The index comprises 

companies with high environmental, social and 

governance (ESG) ratings relative to their 

regional sector peers.

1 

The inclusion of Keppel Corporation in any MSCI Index, and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service marks or index names herein, do not constitute a sponsorship, 

endorsement or promotion of Keppel Corporation by MSCI or any of its affiliates. The MSCI Indices are the exclusive property of MSCI. MSCI and the MSCI Index names and 

logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI or its affiliates.  

Sustainable 

Business 

Awards 

Singapore

sg











Patron of the Arts Award 

Keppel Corporation was conferred the 

Distinguished Patron of the Arts Award by 

Singapore’s National Arts Council for the 

11th consecutive year. The award recognises 

organisations which have contributed significantly 

towards the development of the arts.

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 21




Infrastructure

Secured $180 million worth of 

contracts in energy and 

environmental infrastructure 

across Singapore, Australia, 

China and Europe. 

Signed two agreements to 

develop and operate data 

centres in Jakarta, Indonesia 

and Johor, Malaysia. 

Signed partnership agreements 

to explore data centre 

opportunities in China. 

Raised stake in UrbanFox to 85% 

to pursue growth in e-commerce 

channel management and 

last-mile fulfilment. 

Urbanisation trends present many  

exciting and interconnected 

opportunities for Keppel, 

whether it is providing energy, 

property, environmental 

solutions or connectivity. 

Economic Sustainability

Sustaining Growth

Offshore &amp; Marine

Secured about $1.7 billion worth 

of new contracts. 

Sold five existing drilling rigs to 

Borr Drilling.

Delivered eight major projects 

safely, on time and on budget. 

Signed Technical Assistance 

and License Agreement with 

Gaztransport &amp; Technigaz to 

jointly market LNG solutions. 

Signed a Memorandum of 

Understanding (MOU) with the 

Maritime Port Authority of 

Singapore and the Technology 

Centre for Offshore and Marine, 

Singapore to jointly develop 

autonomous vessels.

Singapore entities achieved 

certification for the ISO 37001 

Anti-Bribery Management System. 

Property

Sold about 4,440 homes in  

Asia, mainly in China, Vietnam 

and India. 

Completed divestments and  

sale of residential projects 

en-bloc worth $1.7 billion  

across Singapore, China, 

Vietnam and Thailand. 

Completed about $0.8 billion 

worth of acquisitions in 

Singapore, China, Vietnam 

and Indonesia.

Replenished residential landbank 

with the addition of about  

3,600 units in China and  

500 units in Indonesia.

Investments

Keppel Capital announced 

expansion into new asset classes 

such as senior living. 

Keppel REIT divested a 20% stake in 

Ocean Financial Centre in Singapore. 

Keppel Infrastructure Trust 

announced the acquisition of Ixom. 

Keppel DC REIT and  

Keppel-KBS US REIT expanded 

their portfolios with acquisitions 

worth over $700 million. 

AAMTF III closed at US$1.1 billion. 

KUS signed MOUs with Envision 

and ST Engineering for smart  

city solutions. 

KUS signed MOUs for development 

opportunities in the Philippines 

and China. 

Keppel and SPH launched an 

offer to take majority control 

of M1. On 16 April 2019, 

Konnectivity, a joint venture 

between Keppel Corporation 

and SPH, exercised its rights to 

compulsory acquire all the shares 

of shareholders who have not 

accepted the offer. 

MAJOR DEVELOPMENTS IN 2018

22 

 




Overview

Today, more than half of the world’s 

population live in urban areas. According to 

estimates by the United Nations, urban areas 

are projected to house 68% of people 

globally by 20501.

Urbanisation trends and a growing middle 

class, especially in Asia, continue to drive 

demand and provide opportunities for 

companies able to supply solutions to meet 

their needs. Robotics, artificial intelligence 

and digitalisation are also empowering 

companies with new ways of working, 

and provide actionable insights to enable 

the provision of more effective and 

efficient solutions for customers. 

Management Approach

GRI 102-10 | 103-1 | 103-2 | 103-3

Urbanisation trends present many exciting 

and interconnected opportunities for Keppel, 

whether it is providing energy, property, 

environmental solutions or connectivity. 

With a view to developing future growth 

engines, we are actively exploring and 

investing in new businesses such as 

senior living and renewable energy 

infrastructure. We are also expanding 

our presence in consumer businesses 

including electricity retail, urban logistics 

and telecommunications.

We have undertaken strategic initiatives to 

stay relevant, unlock new opportunities and 

drive growth in a fast-changing landscape. 

In September 2018, Keppel Corporation 

announced a major strategic initiative, 

in collaboration with Singapore Press Holdings 

(SPH), to gain majority control of M1, in order 

to drive business changes that will enable 

M1 to compete more effectively in the 

telecommunications industry. The voluntary 

conditional general offer for M1 turned 

unconditional in February 2019, with the 

joint venture company, Konnectivity, and 

its concert parties achieving majority 

control of M1. On 16 April 2019, due to the 

strong support from M1’s shareholders, 

Konnectivity exercised its rights to 

compulsorily acquire all the shares of 

shareholders who have not accepted the 

offer. M1 complements Keppel’s mission 

as a solutions provider for sustainable 

urbanisation, which includes connectivity, 

and can serve as a digital platform and 

connectivity partner to complement and 

augment Keppel’s current suite of solutions.

1 Revision of World Urbanisation Prospects (2018), 

Population Division of the UN Department of 

Economic and Social Affairs (UN DESA).



Keppel Capital continues 

to seek out new markets 

and asset classes 

such as senior living, 

which are fuelled by 

urbanisation trends. 

2018

5,965

Revenue ($m)

2017

5,964

2016

6,767

2015

10,296

2014

13,283

15,000

12,500

10,000

7,500

5,000

2,500

0

Net Profit ($m)

2018

944

2017

196^*

2016

784

2015

1,525

2014

1,885

2,000

1,600

1,200

800

400

0

* 2017 financial figures have been adjusted, following 

the adoption of the new financial reporting framework, 

Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International).

^ Includes the one-off financial penalty and related 

costs of $619 million.

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 23


Financial Performance in 2018

GRI 419-1 

For 2018, the Group achieved a net profit 

of $944 million, an increase of 382% 

from $196 million for 2017. Net profit 

for 2017 included $619 million for the 

one-off financial penalty arising from 

Keppel Offshore &amp; Marine’s global resolution 

with criminal authorities in the United States, 

Brazil and Singapore, and related legal, 

accounting and forensics costs. Excluding 

the one-off financial penalty and related 

costs from 2017, net profit for 2018 of 

$944 million was 16% above the net profit 

of $815 million for 2017 due largely 

to earnings growth registered by the 

Property and Infrastructure Divisions as 

well as lower loss at the Offshore &amp; Marine 

Division, partly offset by loss from the 

Investments Division. 

Earnings Per Share was 52.0 cents, 

an increase of 381% from 10.8 cents for 

2017. Return On Equity was 8.3%, compared 

to 1.7% for 2017. Economic Value Added 

was positive $252 million for 2018, 

compared to negative $839 million for 2017. 

Free cash inflow was $515 million, compared 

to $1,802 million for 2017. Net gearing for 

2018 was 0.48 times, compared to 0.46 

times for 2017.

Total cash dividend for 2018 will be 

30.0 cents per share. This comprises a 

proposed final cash dividend of 15.0 cents 

per share as well as an interim cash dividend 

of 10.0 cents per share and a special cash 

dividend of 5.0 cents per share paid in the 

third quarter of 2018.

Economic Sustainability

Sustaining Growth

'2018

'2017

'2016

'2015

'2014

2018

11.3

Shareholders’ Funds ($b)

2017

11.4*

2016

11.7

2015

11.1

2014

10.4

12.0

11.5

11.0

10.5

10.0

9.5

9.0

'2018

'2017

'2016

'2015

'2014

2018

52.0

Earnings Per Share (cts)

2017

10.8*^

2016

43.2

2015

84.0

2014

103.8

120

100

80

60

40

20

0

'2018

'2017

'2016

'2015

'2014

2018

8.3

Return On Equity (%)

2017

1.7*^

2016

6.9

2015

14.2

2014

18.8

 

20

16

12

8

4

0

2018

11.6

Total Equity ($b)

2017

12.0*

2016

12.3

2015

11.9

2014

14.7

15.0

12.5

10.0

7.5

5.0

2.5

0

'2018

'2017

'2016

'2015

'2014

2018

30.0#

Total Distribution Per Share (cts)

2017

22.0

2016

20.0

2015

34.0

2014

48.0

 

50

40

30

20

10

0

'2018

'2017

'2016

'2015

'2014

2018

252

Economic Value Added ($m)

2017

(839)*^

2016

(140)

2015

648

2014

1,778

2,000

1,500

1,000

500

0

(500)

(1,000)

# Comprises a proposed final cash dividend of 15.0 cents per share, an interim cash dividend of  

10.0 cents per share and a special cash dividend of 5.0 cents per share.  

* 2017 financial figures have been adjusted, following the adoption of the new financial reporting framework, 

Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International).

^ Includes the one-off financial penalty and related costs of $619 million.

24 

 


Government Assistance &amp; Taxes Paid

GRI 201-4

In 2018, the Group received a total of 

$6.6 million in financial assistance from 

governments. Approximately 57% of 

financial assistance received was from 

the government of China for business 

development incentives, land subsidies and 

green building grants. Close to 39% relates to 

the Singapore government’s Research and 

Development grants as well as cash grants 

under its wage credit and employment credit 

schemes. The remaining 4% was from the 

governments of Australia and Belgium. 

The Group operates in more than 20 countries 

and has paid a total of $135 million in taxes 

to the various countries and tax jurisdictions 

in which it operates. 

Employee Compensation

In 2018, staff costs amounted to $988 million 

in the form of wages and salaries, employer's 

contribution to Singapore's Central Provident 

Fund, share options and share plans, 

as well as other staff benefits. The Group's 

average number of employees in 2018 

was 18,1862. 

Economic Value Delivered to Society

GRI 201-1

Keppel’s business operations generate 

employment, opportunities for suppliers 

and tax revenues for governments. 

We are committed to positively impact 

the communities in which we operate, 

and contribute to worthy social causes 

through donations and sponsorships. 

In 2018, Keppel generated $7,058 million 

of economic value for our stakeholders, 

which was distributed through our business 

operations to suppliers, contractors, 

subcontractors, employees, investors, 

governments and community organisations, 

among others. The majority of the economic 

value retained by Keppel after this 

distribution is invested in capital expenditure 

and acquisitions, as we maintain our 

competitive edge and stand ready to seize 

growth opportunities.

Economic Value

Generated by Keppel

Economic Value

Distributed to Others

Economic Value

Retained by Keppel

$7,058m

This includes revenue,

interest and investment

income, and disposal gains.

Operating Costs

$3,939m

This includes purchases from 

suppliers and contractor costs,  

and other operating expenses.

$1,242m

The majority of this is invested

in capital expenditure and acquisitions.

Employee Wages

&amp; Benefits1

$988m

Employee costs include salaries

and benefits.

Capital Providers

$745m

This includes dividends and  

interest paid.

Governments

$135m

This includes income taxes paid,  

net of refunds received.

Communities

$8.9m

This includes voluntary donations

and sponsorships disbursed that are

not business or marketing related.

1 Excludes capitalised staff costs in stocks and work-in-progress and capital expenditure.

2 The figures in this section do not take into account 

the headcount and staff costs of associated 

companies, whereby an associated company is 

an entity, not being a subsidiary, over which the 

Keppel Group has significant influence, but not control.

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 25




Corporate Governance

Sustaining Growth

The long term sustainability  

of the Group’s businesses is  

underpinned by our core value 

of integrity, and driven  

at the highest level  

of the organisation  

through strong  

corporate governance  

and proactive  

engagement with  

stakeholders. 

2018 Targets

Identify opportunities to 

harmonise both risk and 

compliance policies and 

processes, and strengthen 

corporate governance as well as 

improve the Group’s risk and 

compliance culture. 

Integrate risk management 

into strategic planning and 

reinforce proactive risk 

management approaches.

Recruit experienced 

compliance officers to further 

enhance compliance coverage 

and processes. 

Evaluate controls and 

compliance culture as part 

of internal audit. 

Conduct targeted training and 

communication of policies and 

procedures to relevant employees.

2019 Targets

Continue to improve risk and 

compliance policies, processes 

and operating standards to 

strengthen the overall culture 

of risk and compliance and 

corporate governance in 

the Group.

Embed proactive risk management 

as part of the overall operating 

framework for risk management 

and governance.

Cascade compliance best 

practices through targeted 

training and workshops.

Extend the evaluation of controls 

and compliance culture as part 

of internal audits.

Topics

Ethics and integrity

Governance 

Anti-corruption

Risk management

Regulatory compliance

2018 Performance

Introduced policies and enacted 

new processes to strengthen 

risk and compliance standards 

of practice and overall corporate 

governance across the Group.

Reinforced a stronger culture 

of proactive risk management 

encompassing emerging or 

evolving risks.

Initiated the evaluation of controls 

and compliance culture as part 

of the scope of internal audits.

Delivered targeted training 

focused on line manager 

responsibilities and employee 

obligations through both 

face-to-face training and the 

annual e-training and declaration 

of Group policies exercise.

SDGs

PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW

26 

 




System Of Management  

Controls Framework

3

Lines of Defence towards ensuring 

the adequacy and effectiveness of 

the Group’s system of internal controls 

and risk management.

Independence Of Directors 

8

Out of 10 directors are independent.

Overview

The Board and management of 

Keppel Corporation Limited 

(“KCL”, “Keppel” or the “Company”) 

firmly believe that a genuine commitment 

to good corporate governance is essential 

to the sustainability of the Company’s 

businesses and performance, and are 

pleased to confirm that the Company 

has adhered to the principles and 

guidelines of the Code of Corporate 

Governance 2012 (the “2012 CG Code”). 

In describing corporate governance 

practices, the Company also took 

guidance from the Code of Corporate 

Governance 2018 (the “2018 CG Code”)1 

and accompanying Practice Guidance. 

Board’s Conduct of Affairs

GRI 102-18 | 102-22 | 102-23 | 102-26 | 102-33 |  

103-1 | 103-2 | 103-3

Governance Framework

KCL’s governance structure is set out below.

Dr Lee Boon Yang is the non-executive and 

independent Chairman of the Company. 

Mr Loh Chin Hua is the CEO of the Company.

The Chairman, with the assistance of the 

Company Secretaries, schedules meetings 

and prepares meeting agenda to enable the 

Board to perform its duties responsibly 

having regard to the flow of the Company’s 

operations. He sets guidelines on and 

monitors the flow of information from 

1 The 2018 CG Code was issued on 6 August 2018 by the Monetary Authority of Singapore to replace the 2012 CG 

Code and will apply to annual reports covering financial years commencing from 1 January 2019 onwards.

Group Regulatory 

Compliance  

Working Team

Central Finance 

Committee

Board Safety 

Committee

IMPAC

IT Steering  

Committee

Group  

Sustainability  

Steering Committee

Management 

Development 

Committee 

Group Regulatory 

Compliance 

Management 

Committee

Management 

Committees

CHAIRMAN

BOARD

CHIEF EXECUTIVE 

OFFICER

Board Risk  

Committee

Audit  

Committee

Internal  

Audit

Nominating 

Committee

Remuneration 

Committee

Corporate  

Functions

Governance Framework 2018

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 27


Corporate Governance

Sustaining Growth

management to the Board to ensure that 

all material information is provided in a 

timely manner to the Board for the Board to 

make good decisions. He also encourages 

constructive relations between the Board 

and management, and between the 

executive and non-executive directors. 

At board meetings, the Chairman encourages 

a full and frank exchange of views, drawing 

out contributions from all directors so that 

the debate benefits from the full diversity 

of views, in a robust yet collegiate setting. 

At annual general meetings and other 

shareholders’ meetings, the Chairman 

ensures constructive dialogue between 

shareholders, the Board and management. 

The Chairman sets the right ethical and 

behavioural tone and takes a leading 

role in the Company’s drive to achieve 

and maintain a high standard of corporate 

governance with the full support 

of the directors, Company Secretaries 

and management.

To assist the Board in the discharge of its 

oversight function, various board committees, 

namely the Audit, Board Risk, Nominating, 

Remuneration, and Board Safety Committees, 

have been constituted with clear written 

terms of reference. All the board committees 

are actively engaged and play an important 

role in ensuring good corporate governance 

in the Company and within the Group. 

The responsibilities and authority of the 

board committees are set out in their 

respective terms of reference, which were 

revised in January 2019 for alignment with 

the 2018 CG Code.

 

The CEO, assisted by the management team, 

makes strategic proposals to the Board and 

after robust and constructive board discussion, 

executes the agreed strategy, manages 

and develops the Group’s businesses 

and implements the Board’s decisions. 

He is supported by management 

committees that direct and guide 

management on operational policies 

and activities, which includes:

1.  Investments &amp; Major Projects Action 

Committee (IMPAC), which guides the 

Group to exercise the spirit of enterprise 

as well as prudence to earn optimal 

risk-adjusted returns on invested 

capital for its chosen lines of business, 

taking into consideration the risks, 

in a controlled manner; 

2. Management Development Committee 

(MDC), which nominates candidates as 

nominee directors to the boards of 

each unlisted company or entity that 

the Company is invested in (“Investee 

Company”) so as to safeguard the 

Company’s investment. In respect of 

Investee Companies that are (a) listed on 

a stock exchange, (b) managers or trustee 

managers of any collective investment 

schemes, business trusts or any other 

trusts which are listed on a stock exchange, 

or (c) parent companies of the Company’s 

core businesses, the Committee will 

recommend the candidates for the 

approval of the Nominating Committee. 

The MDC also provides inputs, guidance 

and direction on operational policies and 

human resources/organisational matters;

3. Central Finance Committee, which reviews, 

guides and monitors financial policies 

and activities of Group companies; 

4.  Group Regulatory Compliance Management 

Committee (Group RCMC), which 

articulates the Group’s commitment 

to regulatory compliance, directs and 

supports the development of over-arching 

compliance policies and guidelines, and 

facilitates the implementation and 

sharing of policies and procedures 

across the Group;

5. Group Regulatory Compliance Working 

Team (Group RCWT), which supports 

the Group RCMC and oversees the 

development and review of over-arching 

compliance policies and guidelines for 

the Group, as well as review training 

and communication programs;

6. Keppel IT Steering Committee, 

which provides strategic information 

technology (IT) leadership and ensures 

IT strategy alignment in achieving 

business strategies; and

7. Group Sustainability Steering Committee, 

which sets sustainability strategy and 

leads performance in key focus areas.

Board Strategic Review

The Board periodically reviews and approves 

the Group’s strategic plans. In FY 2014, 

the Board approved the Group’s Vision 20202 

which sets out the vision, operating principles 

and values of the Group, and the roadmap3 

to take the Group’s businesses into 2020 to 

achieve faster growth, build a stronger Keppel 

that fully captures the significant synergies 

within and among its Group companies, and 

fully develop the potential of its people.  

2 With effect from FY 2014, and following a review and update in 2017, the vision of the Company is to be a global company at the forefront of its chosen industries,  

shaping the future for the benefit of all its stakeholders – Sustaining Growth, Empowering Lives and Nurturing Communities. Guided by our operating principles and 

core values, the Company’s mission is to deliver solutions for sustainable urbanisation profitably, safely and responsibly.

3 This roadmap includes four broad areas for sustainable growth: (1) Business: Setting the overarching strategies, targets, and key actions to be undertaken by the business 

units; (2) People: Building a robust succession pipeline and continued strong employee satisfaction; (3) Process: Pursuing excellence in safety, productivity and innovation;  

and (4) Corporate Citizenry: Formalising and further organising community outreach efforts to positively impact communities in which the Group operates.

A process is in place to support the 

Board in reviewing and monitoring the 

Group’s strategic plans, including providing 

directors with the necessary context and 

opportunity to undertake effective and 

robust deliberation and debate. In this regard, 

a two-day off-site board strategy meeting is 

organised annually for in-depth discussion 

on strategic issues and direction of the 

Group. This is followed by an update of 

each business unit’s strategic plans for 

alignment with the Group’s strategy. 

To support the Board’s oversight of the 

implementation of the strategic plans, 

one business unit is invited to each 

quarterly Board meeting to present on 

its plans and current challenges and 

provide the Board an opportunity to 

perform an in-depth review into each 

of the Group’s core businesses.

An Effective Board

GRI 102-25 | 102-27 | 102-28

Our Board fully understands that they must 

act in the best interest of the Company at all 

times, are accountable to the shareholders 

and have the responsibility to safeguard the 

interests of all shareholders. In this aspect, 

the Board and management fully appreciate 

that fundamental to good corporate 

governance is an effective and robust 

Board whose members engage in open 

and constructive debate and challenge 

management on its assumptions 

and proposals.

Independence of Directors

The Nominating Committee (“NC”) 

determines on an annual basis whether 

or not a director is independent. There is 

a strong and independent element on our 

Board, with an independent chairman and 

majority of our Board comprising independent 

directors. Except for the Board Safety 

Committee, all board committees comprise 

entirely independent or non-executive 

directors, with independent chairmen. 

Independent Judgment

All directors are expected to exercise 

independent judgment in the best interests 

of the Company. This is one of the performance 

criteria for the peer and self-assessment on 

the effectiveness of the individual directors. 

Based on the results of the peer and 

self-assessment carried out by the directors 

for FY 2018, all directors have discharged 

this duty consistently well.

28 

 


that female candidates are included 

for consideration. Having said that, 

gender is but one aspect of diversity and, 

while due consideration would be given 

to the benefits of diversity, new directors 

will continue to be selected on merits 

based on objective criteria. In FY 2018, 

there was 1 female director out of a 

total of 10 directors.  

Board Information

To effectively engage the management, 

the Board, in particular, the non-executive 

directors, must be kept well informed 

of the Company’s business and 

affairs and be knowledgeable about the 

industry in which the businesses operate. 

The Company has therefore adopted 

initiatives to put in place processes 

to ensure that the non-executive directors 

are well supported by accurate, complete 

and timely information, have unrestricted 

access to management, and have 

sufficient time and resources to discharge 

their oversight function effectively.

 

These initiatives include regular informal 

meetings for management to brief 

the directors on prospective deals and 

potential developments at an early 

stage before formal board approval is 

sought, and the circulation of relevant 

information on business initiatives, 

industry developments and analyst and 

press commentaries on matters in relation 

to the Company or the industries in 

which it operates. The Board also reviews 

the budget on an annual basis, and 

any material variance between the 

projections and actual results would 

be disclosed and explained. A two-day 

off-site board strategy meeting is 

organised annually for in-depth discussion 

on strategic issues and direction of the 

Group, to give the non-executive directors 

a better understanding of the Group and 

its businesses, and to provide an opportunity 

for the non-executive directors to familiarise 

themselves with the management team 

so as to facilitate the Board’s review of the 

Group’s succession planning and leadership 

development programme. Directors are 

also entitled to request from management, 

and would be provided with, such additional 

information as may be needed from time to 

time in order to make informed decisions.  

Training 

The directors are provided with continuing 

education in areas such as directors’ duties 

and responsibilities, corporate governance, 

changes in financial reporting standards, 

changes in the Companies Act, continuing 

listing obligations and industry-related 

matters, so as to update and refresh them 

on matters that may affect or enhance their 

Conflict of Interest

Every director is required to promptly 

disclose any conflict of interest, whether 

direct or indirect, in relation to a transaction 

or proposed transaction with the Company 

as soon as is practicable after the relevant 

facts have come to his/her knowledge. 

On an annual basis, each director is also 

required to submit details of his/her 

associates for the purpose of monitoring 

interested persons transactions. 

Directors facing conflicts of interest 

recuse themselves when the conflict-related 

matter is discussed, unless the Board is 

of the opinion that his/her presence and 

participation is necessary to enhance the 

efficacy of such discussion, and abstain 

from voting in relation to conflict-related 

matters. In January 2019, the Board had, 

on the recommendation of the NC, 

approved and adopted the “Keppel Group 

– Directors’ Conflict of Interest Policy” 

to help inform Keppel directors about 

the general principles relating to conflicts 

of interest, as well as to guide directors 

in identifying, disclosing and managing 

conflict situations. The policy further 

serves to emphasise the Keppel Group’s 

commitment to ethics and compliance with 

the law, for the protection of the Company’s 

interest and the promotion of transparency 

for the benefit of shareholders.   

Board Competency &amp; Diversity

The competencies and skill sets of the 

directors and the composition of the Board 

play a role in the overall effectiveness of 

the Board. At Keppel, the NC ensures that 

the Board and board committees comprise 

directors who, as a group, provide core 

competencies required to exercise 

effective oversight and direction. 

The NC is satisfied that the Board and the 

board committees comprise directors 

who as a group provide an appropriate 

balance and mix of skills, knowledge, 

experience, and other aspects of diversity 

such as gender and age. The NC is also 

satisfied that the directors, as a group, 

possess core competencies including 

accounting or finance, business or 

management experience, human resource, 

risk management, technology, mergers 

and acquisitions, legal, international 

perspective, industry knowledge, 

strategic planning experience and  

customer-based experience or 

knowledge, required for the Board and 

the board committees to be effective.

In this respect, the NC recognises the 

merits of gender diversity in relation 

to the composition of the Board and, 

in identifying suitable candidates for new 

appointment to the Board, would ensure 

performance as board or board committee 

members. A training programme is also 

in place for directors in areas such as 

accounting, finance, risk governance and 

management, the roles and responsibilities 

of a director of a listed company and industry 

specific matters. In FY 2018, some KCL 

directors attended talks on topics relating 

to corporate governance and ethics 

(including case studies), cybersecurity 

governance, health safety and environment 

(HSE) performance, and macroeconomic 

trends. Sites visits are also conducted 

periodically for directors to familiarise them 

with the operations of the various businesses 

so as to enhance their performance as board 

or board committee members. 

Board Evaluation

Our Board has implemented formal 

processes for assessing the effectiveness 

of the Board as a whole and its board 

committees, the contribution by each 

individual director to the effectiveness 

of the Board, as well as the effectiveness 

of the Chairman of the Board. 

To ensure that the assessments are done 

promptly and fairly, the Board has appointed 

an independent third party (the “Independent 

Co-ordinator”) to assist in collating and 

analysing the returns of the board members. 

Mr Michael Lim, former Chairman, 

PricewaterhouseCoopers and Land Transport 

Authority, and currently Chairman of Nomura 

Singapore Limited, was appointed for this 

role. Mr Michael Lim does not have business 

relationships or any other connections with 

the Company or its directors which may 

affect his independent judgment.

Board Composition &amp; Succession Planning

GRI 102-24

There is a process of refreshing the Board 

progressively over time so that the experience 

of longer serving directors can be drawn 

upon while tapping into the new external 

perspectives and insights which more recent 

appointees bring to the Board’s deliberation. 

The Board believes that orderly succession 

and renewal is achieved as a result of careful 

planning, where the appropriate composition 

of the Board is continually under review. 

The NC is responsible for reviewing the 

succession plans for the Board. In this regard, 

it has put in place a formal process for the 

renewal of the Board and the selection of new 

directors. The NC leads the process and makes 

recommendations to the Board as follows:

1.  NC reviews annually the balance and 

mix of skills, knowledge, experience, 

and other aspects of diversity such as 

gender and age, and the size of the Board 

which would facilitate decision-making. 

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 29


Corporate Governance

Sustaining Growth

In this review, the NC will also take into 

account the needs of the Group, the 

collective skills and competencies of 

the Board and service tenure spread 

of the directors. In the year under 

review (FY 2018), for purposes of 

Board succession planning, the NC 

also took into consideration the 2018 

CG Code and the amendments to 

the SGX Listing Rules relating to 

the continued appointment as 

“independent director” of a director 

who has served for an aggregate 

period of more than 9 years, bearing 

in mind that these rules would come 

into effect from 1 January 2022.

2.  In the light of such review and in 

consultation with management, the 

NC assesses if there is any inadequate 

representation in respect of any of those 

attributes and if so, determines the role 

and the desirable competencies for a 

particular appointment. 

3.  External help (for example, Singapore 

Institute of Directors and search 

consultants) may be used to source 

for potential candidates if need be. 

Directors and management may also 

make recommendations.

4.  NC meets with the short-listed 

candidate(s) to assess suitability and 

to ensure that the candidate(s) is/are 

aware of the expectations and the 

level of commitment required.

5.  NC makes recommendations to 

the Board for approval.

All new appointments are subject to the 

recommendation of the NC based on the 

following objective criteria:

1.  Integrity

2.  Independent mindedness

3.  Diversity – Possess core competencies 

that meet the needs of the Company 

and complement the skills and 

competencies of the existing directors 

on the Board

4.  Able to commit time and effort to carry 

out duties and responsibilities effectively 

5.  Track record of making good decisions

6.  Experience in high-performing companies

7.  Financially literate

The NC is also charged with the 

responsibility of re-nomination having 

regard to the director’s contribution 

and performance (such as attendance, 

preparedness, participation and candour), 

with reference to the results of the 

assessment of the performance of the 

individual director by his/her peers.

The directors submit themselves for 

re-nomination and re-election at regular 

intervals of at least once every three years. 

Pursuant to the Company’s constitution, 

one-third of the directors retire from 

office at the Company’s annual general 

meeting, and a newly appointed director 

must submit himself/herself for re-election 

at the annual general meeting immediately 

following his/her appointment. 

Remuneration Framework

GRI 102-35 | 102-36

The Remuneration Committee (“RC”) 

is responsible for ensuring a formal and 

transparent procedure for developing 

policy on executive remuneration and 

for determining the remuneration 

packages of individual directors and 

senior management.  

The RC assists the Board to ensure that 

remuneration policies and practices are 

sound in that they are able to attract, 

retain and motivate without being excessive, 

and thereby maximise shareholder value, and 

recommends to the Board for endorsement 

a framework of remuneration (which covers 

all aspects of remuneration including 

directors’ fees, salaries, allowances, bonuses, 

share-based incentives and awards, benefits 

in kind and termination payments) and 

the specific remuneration packages for 

each director and the key management 

personnel. The remuneration framework 

is set out from pages 78 to 82 of our 

Report to Shareholders 2018.

To enhance objectivity, the RC comprises 

entirely non-executive directors, three out 

of four of whom (including the Chairman) 

are independent.  

The RC has access to expert advice from 

external remuneration consultants where 

required. In FY 2018, the RC sought views 

on market practice and trends from 



Keppel’s Board Safety 

Committee regularly 

makes site visits to the 

Group’s operations such 

as the Keppel Marina 

East Desalination Plant 

in Singapore.

30 

 


Systems

Policies

People

Processes

Board of Directors

Business Unit 

Representation

Internal  

Audit

External  

Audit

Self Assessment  

Process

Enterprise Risk  

Management

IT Governance  

Framework

Regulatory 

Compliance

Policy  

Management

Compliance 

Governance

Financial  

Governance

Operational 

Governance

Core Values, Corporate &amp; Employee Conduct

Assurance

3

Management &amp;  

Assurance Frameworks

2

Business Governance/ 

Rules of Governance

1

Board Oversight

4

Keppel’s System of Management Controls (KSMC)

external remuneration consultants, 

Aon Hewitt. The RC undertook a review 

of the independence and objectivity of the 

external remuneration consultants through 

discussions with the external remuneration 

consultants, and has confirmed that the 

external remuneration consultants had no 

relationships with the Company which would 

affect their independence and objectivity.

Risk Management &amp; Internal Controls

GRI 102-11 | 102-17 | 102-33 | 205-2  

The Board, supported by the Audit 

Committee (“AC”) and Board Risk Committee 

(“BRC”), oversees the Group’s system of 

internal control and risk management. 

The AC’s primary role is to assist the Board 

in ensuring the integrity of financial reporting 

and adequacy and effectiveness of the system 

of internal controls. The BRC considers the 

nature and extent of the significant risks 

which the Company may take in achieving 

its strategic objectives and value creation; 

and reviews and guides management in the 

formulation of risk policies and processes 

to effectively identify, evaluate and manage 

significant risks, to safeguard shareholders’ 

interests and the Group’s assets.

Keppel’s System of Management  

Controls Framework

The Group has in place Keppel’s System 

of Management Controls Framework 

(the “Framework”) outlining the Group’s 

internal control and risk management 

processes and procedures. The Framework 

comprises three Lines of Defence towards 

ensuring the adequacy and effectiveness 

of the Group’s system of internal controls 

and risk management.

Under the first Line of Defence, 

management is required to ensure 

good corporate governance through 

the implementation and management 

of policies and procedures relevant to 

the Group’s business scope and 

environment. Such policies and procedures 

govern financial, operational, information 

technology and regulatory compliance 

matters and are reviewed and updated 

periodically. Compliance governance is 

governed by the respective regulatory 

compliance management committees 

and working teams. Employees are 

also guided by the Group’s Core Values 

and expected to comply strictly with 

Keppel’s Code of Conduct.

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 31


Corporate Governance

Sustaining Growth

Under the second Line of Defence, 

significant business units are required 

to conduct a self-assessment exercise 

on an annual basis. This exercise requires 

such business units to assess the status 

of their respective internal controls and 

risk management via self-assessment. 

Where required, action plans are developed 

to remedy identified control gaps. Under 

the Group’s Enterprise Risk Management 

Framework, significant risk areas of the 

Group are also identified and assessed, 

with systems, policies and processes 

put in place to manage and mitigate the 

identified risks. Regulatory Compliance 

supports and works alongside business 

management to ensure relevant policies, 

processes and controls are effectively 

designed, managed and implemented to 

ensure compliance risks and controls are 

effectively managed. 

Under the third Line of Defence, to assist 

the Group to ascertain the adequacy 

and effectiveness of the Group’s internal 

controls, business units are required 

to provide the Group with written 

assurances as to the adequacy and 

effectiveness of their system of 

internal controls and risk management. 

Internal and external auditors provide 

their assessments based on the work 

performed during the year. 

Enhanced Compliance Programme

At Keppel, integrity is a core value. As our 

Code of Conduct states, “we care how 

results are achieved, not just that they are 

attained.” Implementing that core value 

through enhancing our regulatory 

compliance process and by reminding 

every Keppelite of that value is a focus of 

attention for us, our boards, and officers 

and line managers across the globe. 

 Read more about the Group’s enhanced 

compliance programme on pages 84 to 87 

of our Report to Shareholders 2018.

Communication &amp; Training

The Group continuously ensures that 

its compliance policies and procedures 

are communicated effectively to all 

employees and directors. An e-training 

and assessment exercise covering all key 

policies, including Keppel’s Enhanced Code 

of Conduct, is carried out on an annual basis, 

and targeted training focused on line 

manager responsibilities and employee 

obligations were conducted in FY 2018. 

For FY 2018, over 15,000 directors and 

employees have completed the e-training 

and toolbox training.

Reporting &amp; Investigation

Keppel Whistle-Blower Policy took effect 

on 1 September 2004 and was enhanced 

on 15 February 2017 to encourage 

reporting in good faith of suspected 

reportable conduct by establishing 

clearly defined and centralised processes 

through which such reports may be made 

with confidence that employees and 

other persons making such reports will 

be treated fairly and, to the extent possible, 

protected from reprisal.

 Read more about our Risk Management &amp; 

Internal Controls framework on pages 83 to 87 

of our Report to Shareholders 2018.

Reporting Mechanisms 

10 

Countries with local toll-free whistle-blower 

hotlines, and 1 global e-mail hotline.

Communications &amp; Training 

&gt;15,000  

Directors and employees received 

compliance e-training on key Group 

policies and requirements. 

32 

 


Risk Management

GRI 102-11 | 102-15 | 103-1 | 103-2 | 103-3

We maintain a balanced 

approach to risk management, 

undertaking only appropriate 

and well-considered risks 

to optimise returns for 

our shareholders.

As an enterprise that seeks to deliver 

solutions for sustainable urbanisation, 

Keppel adopts a balanced approach to risk 

management, undertaking only appropriate 

and well-considered risks to optimise returns 

for our shareholders. Keppel’s risk management 

approach stems from the philosophy of seeking 

sustainable growth opportunities and creating 

economic value, while ensuring only appropriate 

and well-considered risks are assumed. 

Risk management is an integral part of the 

way in which we develop and execute our 

business strategies. It is consistent with our 

operating principles and belief that a holistic 

approach of balancing risks and rewards 

is key to delivering long-term value and 

growth for our shareholders. 

In 2018, we continued a disciplined pursuit 

of new opportunities, innovation and 

revenue streams to safeguard shareholders’ 

interests and the Group’s assets. Our robust 

risk-centric culture and risk management 

system have enabled us to continue to 

respond effectively to the dynamic business 

environment and shifting business demands 

to seize new value-added opportunities for 

our stakeholders.

Risk-Centric Culture

Effective risk management hinges not only 

on systems and processes, but equally on 

mindsets and attitudes. The Group fosters a 

risk-centric culture through several aspects. 

1. Leadership &amp; Governance

 

Our management is fully committed to 

fostering a strong risk-centric culture and 

consistently demonstrate strong support 

for risk management in all initiatives. 

Key messages encouraging prudent 

risk-taking in decision making and business 

processes are interwoven into major 

meetings, speeches and publications. 

2. Framework &amp; Values

 

When considering risks in daily 

activities, the Group’s management 

and staff are guided by our Enterprise 

Risk Management (ERM) framework; 

our core values of integrity, accountability, 

people centredness and safety, as well 

as our mission and vision to responsibly 

deliver sustainable urbanisation solutions 

in our chosen markets.

Through the Board Risk Committee (BRC), 

the Board provides valuable advice to 

management in formulating and 

implementing the risk management 

framework, policies and guidelines. 

Keppel’s management surfaces significant 

risk issues for discussion with the BRC 

and the Board to keep them apprised of 

key issues in a timely manner. The terms 

of reference for the BRC are disclosed on 

page 89 of Keppel Corporation’s Report to 

Shareholders 2018. The Board has defined 

three risk tolerance guiding principles for the 

Group, which serves to determine the nature 

and extent of the significant risks which the 

Board is willing to take in achieving our 

strategic objectives. 

These principles are: 

1. Risk taken should be carefully evaluated, 

commensurate with rewards and in line 

with the Group’s core strengths and 

strategic objectives.

2. No risk arising from a single area of 

operation, investment or undertaking 

should be so huge as to endanger the 

entire Group.

3. The Group does not condone safety 

breaches or lapses, non-compliance 

with laws and regulations, as well as 

acts such as fraud, bribery and corruption. 

Keppel’s risk governance framework, 

set out on pages 83 to 87 of Keppel 

Corporation’s Report to Shareholders 2018 

under Principle 11 (Risk Management and 

Internal Controls), facilitates management 

and the BRC in determining the adequacy 

and effectiveness of the Group’s risk 

management system. 

3. Process &amp; Methods

 

An integral aspect of both strategic and 

operational decision making includes 

consideration and management of risks 

at all levels of the businesses. As part of 

the Group’s framework and process, the 

appropriate tools, techniques and risk 

management methodologies are applied, 

along with the requisite domain knowledge 

capabilities, in making decisions. 

4. Training &amp; Communications

 

Training and communications are 

conducted regularly to enhance risk 

management competency across the 

Group. Through various forums and 

in-house publications, including different 

modes of training, risk management is 

reinforced as a discipline and developed 

through awareness and practice.

5. Transparency &amp; Competency

 

We promote transparency in information 

sharing and escalation of risk-related 

matters. Risk identification and assessment 

are embedded in key control processes. 

A Group-wide survey is conducted 

periodically to assess risk awareness 

amongst employees.

6. Ownership &amp; Accountability

 

To maintain our standards in risk 

management, we advocate ownership 

and accountability through the employee 

performance evaluation process.

Enterprise Risk Management Framework

Keppel’s Board is responsible for risk governance 

and ensures that management maintains a sound 

system of risk management and internal controls.

Risk-Centric  

Culture

Framework  

&amp; Values

Leadership  

&amp; Governance

Training &amp;

Communications

Process &amp;

Methods

Transparency  

&amp; Competency

Ownership &amp;

Accountability

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 33


Risk Management

Sustaining Growth

We are cognisant of the dynamic 

environment in which the Group operates 

and constantly enhance the framework and 

systems where necessary, to ensure strong 

risk governance across the Group.

Keppel’s ERM framework, a component of 

Keppel’s System of Management Controls, 

provides the Group with a systematic approach 

to risk management. It outlines the reporting 

structure, monitoring mechanisms, 

processes and tools, as well as policies 

and limits, applied in addressing the 

Group’s key risks.

Our ERM framework is constantly refined to 

ensure it remains relevant in our operating 

environment and where required, is tailored 

to the requirements of each business unit (BU) 

depending on specific industry practices and 

objectives. The framework takes reference 

from the Singapore Code of Corporate 

Governance, ISO 31000 risk management 

guidelines, ISO 22313 business continuity 

management system, and the Guidebook 

for Board Risk Committees.

Our Risk and Compliance Committee, 

comprising relevant subject matter risk 

champions across the BUs, drives and 

coordinates Group-wide risk management 

activities and initiatives. The Committee’s 

activities are facilitated by regular bilateral 

and BU-level meetings to ensure that 

pertinent risks are identified, assessed 

and mitigated in a timely manner. 

We keep abreast of the latest developments 

and best practices through participation in 

industry seminars and interacting with risk 

management practitioners.

Keppel adopts a balanced approach to 

risk management. Whilst our financial 

performance and operating environment 

are influenced by a vast range of risk 

factors, we recognise that not all risks 

can be eliminated. We are committed to 

undertaking appropriate and well-considered 

risks to optimise returns for the Group.

Proactive Risk Management

Effective risk management requires a dynamic 

approach and we recognise the need to 

continually evolve our framework and 

processes to ensure our risk identification and 

mitigation remains effective. We remain vigilant 

against emerging threats that may affect our 

different businesses. We have a dedicated 

focus group across BUs to identify, discuss 

and analyse emerging risks which may 

have an impact on the Group's activities. 

Where applicable, these are escalated for 

discussion and consideration at various 

governance committees. 

Through close collaboration with stakeholders 

and constant vigilance, we will continue to 

proactively assess our risks and review our risk 

management system to ensure that our ability 

to manage and respond to threats remains 

adequate and effective.

Material Risks

Issues

Mitigating Actions

STRATEGIC RISKS

Market &amp; 

Competition

A large part of the Group’s strategic risks include 

market driven forces, evolving competitive 

landscapes, changing customer demands and 

disruptive innovation. The Group remains vulnerable 

to several external factors including uncertainties in 

the global economy, implications of recent and 

impending geo-political developments, intense 

competition in our core markets and threats of 

disruptive technology. These risks receive constant 

high-level attention throughout the year.

Strategy meetings are held across the Group to review business 

strategies, formulate responses and take pre-emptive action against 

these risks. 

The BRC guides the Group in formulating and reviewing risk policies and 

principles. These policies and principles are subject to periodic reviews 

to ensure that they continue to support business objectives and are 

aligned to our risk tolerance levels. Taking into consideration the 

prevailing business climate and the Group’s risk tolerance, the policies 

aim to address market and competition risks effectively and proactively.

Strategic Ventures, 

Investments &amp; 

Divestments

We have an established process for evaluating 

investment and divestment decisions including 

strategic ventures. Investments, divestments and 

strategic ventures are monitored to ensure that they 

are on track to meet the Group’s strategic intent, 

investment objectives and returns, and where 

required, the need for timely recalibration of 

strategies in response to the changing business 

environment. These investment decisions are guided 

by investment parameters set on a Group-wide basis. 

Together with the Board, the Investment and Major Project Action 

Committee (IMPAC) guides the Group in taking considered risks in 

a controlled manner, exercising the spirit of enterprise and prudence 

to earn the best risk-adjusted returns on invested capital across 

our businesses. 

Investment risk assessment involves rigorous due diligence, feasibility 

studies and sensitivity analyses of key assumptions and variables. Some 

of the critical factors considered include alignment with Group strategy, 

financial viability, country-specific political and regulatory developments, 

contractual risk implications, as well as lessons learnt. The investment 

portfolio is constantly monitored to ensure that performance is on track 

to meet the Group’s strategic intent and investment returns.

Human  

Resources

We continue to maintain a strong emphasis on 

attracting and building a deep pool of talent. This 

includes nurturing employees, maintaining good 

industrial relations and fostering a conducive work 

environment for all employees. The Group is focused 

on strengthening succession planning and bench 

strength, as well as building new organisational 

capabilities to drive business growth whilst 

maintaining our status as an employer of choice.

In talent development programmes, we emphasise the importance of 

having a risk-centric mindset and endeavour to inculcate the ability to 

identify and assess risks, develop and implement mitigation actions, as 

well as monitor risks. Keppel Leadership Institute, established as a global 

centre to groom leaders and equip employees with the capabilities to 

drive and support Keppel’s growth, helps to inculcate this mindset by 

embedding risk management in its key leadership courses.

34 

 


Material Risks

Issues

Mitigating Actions

OPERATIONAL RISKS

Project  

Management

From project initiation through to completion, 

risk management processes are an integral part 

of project management activities to facilitate 

early risk detection and proactive management. 

The Group adopts a systematic assessment and 

monitoring process to help manage the key risks in 

projects. Particular attention is given to technically 

challenging and high-value projects, including 

greenfield developments and deployment of new 

technology and/or operations in new geographies. 

Projects are managed in accordance with the 

respective country’s environmental laws and 

labour practices.

At the project execution stage, we execute project reviews and quality 

assurance programmes to address issues involving cost, schedule and 

quality. Project Key Risk Indicators are used as early warning signals to 

determine if remedial actions are required. 

In addition, we conduct knowledge-sharing workshops to share best 

practices and lessons learnt across the Group. These processes help 

to ensure that projects are completed on time and within budget, 

without compromising safety and quality standards, as well as 

contract obligations.

Health, Safety &amp; 

Environment

Maintaining a high level of Health, Safety and 

Environmental (HSE) standard is of paramount 

importance to the Group. We constantly strive to 

raise awareness, maintain vigilance and foster a 

strong HSE-centric culture across the Group and 

particularly at the ground level.

Key initiatives include driving a Zero Fatality Strategy with a roadmap 

focused on aligning Hazard Identification Risk Assessment standards 

across our global operations, enhancing competency of employees 

performing safety-critical tasks, strengthening operational controls, 

deploying standard Root Cause Analysis across the Group, as well as 

developing more proactive and leading risk indicators/matrices to 

monitor HSE performance in each BU.

Environmental management practices in key operating sites are also 

closely monitored. As a Group, we continue to embrace and leverage 

technology to improve HSE processes and systems. Testament to the 

Group’s concerted efforts in safety, Keppel clinched 28 awards at the 

Workplace Safety and Health (WSH) Awards for exemplary safety 

performances, implementation of strong WSH management systems, 

as well as efforts to create solutions that improve workplace safety.

Business &amp; 

Operational 

Processes

We continue to streamline our business processes. 

We have established common shared services 

platforms which enable us to better manage costs 

while enhancing efficiency, productivity, compliance 

and controls.

Recognising the need to keep at the forefront of technology, we have 

embarked on digitalisation initiatives and continue to take measured 

steps, applying a risk-based approach, to embrace the appropriate 

technologies in optimising our processes.

We have adopted ISO standards and certifications to achieve 

standardisation of some of our processes and kept up with best 

practices. In addition, procedures relating to defect management, 

operations, project control and supply chain management continue  

to be refined to improve the quality of deliverables. We conduct regular 

reviews of policies and authority limits to ensure that they remain 

relevant in meeting changing business requirements.

Business  

Continuity

We are committed to enhancing operational 

resilience with a robust Business Continuity 

Management (BCM) Plan that will equip us to 

respond effectively to business disruptions, ensuring 

that critical business functions continue to operate 

with minimal impact to our people, operations 

and assets.

As a Group, we are cognisant of the risk of natural 

disasters, terrorism and cyber threats, and we seek 

to maintain operational resilience through regular 

review and testing of our BCM plans under different 

threat scenarios. The BCM Steering Committee 

provides direction and guidance to ensure BCM 

plans across the Group are effectively managed.

With the increasing risk of cyber threats and attacks, we have increased 

our efforts and focus on ensuring adequacy of our defense against 

the risk and our response plans in the event of an incident. The Group 

maintains a close watch and keeps abreast of evolving techniques 

and threats in order to develop the appropriate mitigation measures. 

We constantly evaluate our ongoing state of readiness against business 

disruptions to ensure that plans remain current and relevant.

Crisis management and communication procedures have also been 

embedded into the Group’s BCM processes. These procedures are 

constantly refined to allow us to respond in an orderly and coordinated 

way, and to expedite recovery. We are focused on building capabilities to 

respond to crises effectively while safeguarding our people and assets, 

and the interests of our stakeholders.

Information 

Technology

Information Technology risks are an integral 

aspect of our processes. The Group has in place 

an Information Technology (IT) governance structure 

and IT security framework to address both general 

IT and data security controls, as well as evolving 

IT risks including cybersecurity, theft or loss of 

confidential data and data integrity.

Our IT security, governance and controls continue to be strengthened 

through the refinement and alignment of our IT policies, processes and 

systems, and the consolidation of servers and storages. We have also 

appointed IT security officers and instituted policies on end-user computing 

and safeguarding information, as well as IT self-assessments to identify 

security gaps.

Our pool of dedicated IT experts enables us to keep abreast of the latest 

developments, innovation and threats in the IT domain. They are assisted by 

Keppel Technology and Innovation to assess risks at various levels, and to 

further the adoption of technology and innovation within Keppel. Extensive 

training and assessment exercises have been conducted on user security 

education to heighten overall awareness of IT threats. Measures and 

considerations have also been taken to safeguard corporate data assets 

against loss of information, data security and service disruption of critical 

IT systems.

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 35


Risk Management

Sustaining Growth

Material Risks

Issues

Mitigating Actions

COMPLIANCE RISKS

GRI 205-1

Laws, Regulations  

&amp; Compliance

Given the geographical diversity of our businesses, 

we closely monitor developments in laws and 

regulations of countries where the Group operates, 

to ensure that our businesses and operations 

comply with all relevant laws and regulations. 

We regularly engage with local government 

authorities and agencies to keep updated on 

changes to laws and regulations, ensuring that 

we can assess our exposures and risks effectively.

We recognise that non-compliance with laws and 

regulations not only have significant financial impact 

but have potentially detrimental reputational impact 

on Keppel. While we have significantly strengthened 

our regulatory compliance framework, we remain 

fully committed to enhancing our regulatory 

compliance policies and processes, ensuring that 

the Group maintains a high level of compliance and 

ethical standards in the way in which we conduct our 

business. Our emphasis is clear and consistently 

reiterated. We have zero tolerance for fraud, bribery, 

corruption and violation of laws and regulations.

In 2018, we made significant progress in our regulatory compliance 

initiatives, ensuring that compliance principles are embedded in our 

activities, and implementing best practices from industry leaders as 

we develop and strengthen our compliance framework. 

Significant risks issues, such as risks relating to corruption in all areas of 

operations within the Keppel Group where we have operational control, 

are surfaced by management and assessed by the Board. With respect to 

corruption, significant risks include areas where external agents are used 

for business development.

 More details on the steps taken to operationalise our regulatory compliance 

framework are set out on pages 37 and 38.

FINANCIAL RISKS

Fraud, Misstatement  

of Financial 

Statements &amp; 

Disclosures

We maintain a strong emphasis on ensuring that 

financial statements are accurate and presented  

fairly in accordance with applicable financial 

reporting standards and frameworks.

Regular external and internal audits are conducted to provide assurance 

on accuracy of financial statements and adequacy of the internal control 

framework supporting the statements. Where required, we leverage the 

expertise of the engaged auditors in the interpretation of financial 

reporting standards and changes.

We conduct regular training and education programmes to enhance 

competency of the Group’s finance managers. Keppel’s System of 

Management Controls framework outlines our internal control and 

risk management processes and procedures. 

Financial 

Management

Financial risk management relates to our ability to 

meet financial obligations and mitigate credit, liquidity, 

currency and interest rate risks. Policies and financial 

authority limits are reviewed regularly to incorporate 

changes in the operating and control environment.

We are focused on financial discipline and seek 

to deploy our capital to earn the best risk-adjusted 

returns for shareholders, while maintaining 

a strong balance sheet to seize new opportunities.

Our procedures include the evaluation of counterparties and other related 

risks against pre-established internal guidelines. We conduct impact 

assessments and stress tests to gauge the Group’s exposure to changing 

market situations, to enable informed decision making and 

implementation of prompt mitigating actions. We also regularly monitor 

our asset concentration exposure in countries where we have a presence 

to ensure that our portfolio of assets, investments and businesses are well 

diversified and adequately safeguarded against the systemic risks of 

operating in a specific geography. 

 For more details, please refer to page 66 of Keppel Corporation’s Report 

to Shareholders 2018. 

36 

 


Regulatory Compliance

GRI 102-15

Guided by our core values and enhanced 

code of conduct, we are fully committed 

to ensuring that compliance is a central 

pillar of our management and an integral 

part of our corporate culture and business 

processes. We will do business the right way 

and comply with all applicable laws and 

regulations wherever we operate. We strive 

to achieve outstanding performance, whilst 

maintaining the highest level of ethical integrity. 

Our tone for regulatory compliance is clear 

and consistently reiterated from the top and 

throughout all levels of the Group. We have 

zero tolerance for fraud, bribery, corruption 

and violation of laws and regulations.

Strategic Objectives

Following the improvements and enhancements 

to the compliance framework and processes, 

we remain focused on ensuring consistency 

in application and operational effectiveness 

of the compliance programme across the 

Group. We are developing a compliance 

(Group RCWT), which is chaired by the Head 

of Group Risk &amp; Compliance. The Group 

RCWT oversees the development and review 

of pertinent regulatory compliance matters, 

over-arching compliance policies and 

guidelines for the Group, as well as reviewing 

training and communication programmes.

Each BU has a dedicated Compliance Lead, 

supported by the respective risk and 

compliance teams, and is responsible for 

driving and administering the compliance 

function and agenda for the BU. This includes 

providing support to BU management with 

subject matter expertise, process excellence 

and regular reporting to ensure that compliance 

risks are effectively managed and mitigated. 

Across the Group, continued recruitment 

efforts are in progress to strengthen the 

Compliance team with additional professional 

and experienced compliance officers.

Under the direction of the Group RCMC and 

Group RCWT, BUs working in partnership 

with their respective risk and compliance 

teams are responsible for implementing 

the Group’s Code of Conduct and regulatory 

compliance policies and procedures. They 

are also responsible for ensuring that risk 

assessments in relation to material regulatory 

compliance risks are conducted, and that 

control measures are adequate and effective, 

to mitigate the identified risks which the 

BUs may face.

Regulatory Compliance Framework

As part of ongoing efforts to strengthen 

our regulatory compliance framework, 

we have defined our focus on compliance 

covering broadly the following areas: culture; 

policies and procedures; training and 

communication; key compliance processes; 

compliance risk assessment, reviews and 

monitoring; and compliance resources.

A key aspect of the framework is the 

structure of the compliance organisation. 

Our reporting structure of the compliance 

organisation reinforces independence of the 

function. The Head of Group Risk &amp; Compliance 

reports directly to the Chairman of the BRC. 

Similarly, the Compliance Leads of the 

BUs have established direct reporting 

lines to the respective Audit or Board Risk 

Committees. Furthermore, BU Compliance 

Leads report directly to the Head of Group 

Risk &amp; Compliance. This reporting structure 

reinforces independence of the function 

and enables senior management, including 

members of the Board, to provide continuous, 

clear and explicit support to the Group’s 

compliance programme.

Culture

Culture and mindset are critical in ensuring the 

effectiveness of our compliance programme. 

Management has a key role in setting the 

right tone and walking the talk. The tone for 

The tone for regulatory 

compliance is driven 

from the top. Guided by 

our core values, we are 

committed to building a 

more disciplined and 

sustainable company. 

framework that commensurate with the 

size, role and activity of our businesses, 

including appropriate compliance control 

systems, to be able to effectively detect 

and remedy gaps. Most importantly, we 

remain focused on rebuilding our credibility 

and reputation with our stakeholders, 

and building a sustainable compliance 

framework that supports the Group’s growth.

Governance Structure

Our Regulatory Compliance Governance 

Structure is designed to strengthen our 

corporate governance. The Board Risk 

Committee (BRC) supports the Board in 

its oversight of regulatory compliance and 

is responsible for driving the Group’s 

implementation of effective compliance 

and governance systems. The Group Risk 

&amp; Compliance department serves as a 

secretariat to the BRC, assessing and 

reporting on the Group’s compliance risks, 

controls and mitigations.

The Group Regulatory Compliance 

Management Committee (Group RCMC) 

is chaired by Keppel Corporation’s Chief 

Executive Officer and its members includes 

all business unit (BU) heads. The role of 

the Group RCMC is to articulate the Group’s 

commitment to regulatory compliance, 

direct and support the development of 

over-arching compliance policies and 

guidelines, and facilitate the effective 

implementation of policies and procedures.

The Group RCMC is supported by the Group 

Regulatory Compliance Working Team 

Regulatory

Compliance

Framework

Policies &amp;

Procedures

Key Compliance

Processes

Training &amp; 

Communications

Compliance,  

Risk Assessment,

Review &amp; Monitoring

Compliance

Resources

Culture

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 37


Sustaining Growth

full regulatory compliance must cascade 

down the organisation. We have posters 

on anti-bribery, anti-corruption and reporting 

mechanisms that are exhibited in our 

offices globally to reinforce the message. 

Individual performance measures to 

influence personal behaviour, and periodic 

compliance-focused messages are also 

delivered by BU heads to employees. 

Policies &amp; Procedures

GRI 102-16 | 102-17

Employee Code of Conduct

We have a strict Code of Conduct (the Code) 

that applies to all employees, who are 

required to acknowledge and comply with 

the Code. The Code sets out important 

principles to guide employees in carrying out 

their duties and responsibilities to the highest 

standards of personal and corporate integrity. 

It covers areas from conduct in the workplace 

to business conduct, including clear provisions 

on prohibitions against bribery and corruption, 

and conflicts of interests amongst others. 

We continually review and enhance our 

Code to ensure that it stays updated and 

properly instructive.

Appropriate disciplinary action, including 

suspension or termination of employment, 

will be taken if an employee is found to 

have violated the rules set out in the Code. 

The Code of Conduct is also provided to 

all third parties who represent Keppel in 

business dealings, including joint venture 

partners, who are required to acknowledge 

understanding and compliance with the 

requirements of the Code. We ensure 

that disciplinary actions are carried out 

consistently and fairly across all levels 

of employees. 

Supplier Code of Conduct

The acknowledgement to abide by our supplier 

code of conduct, which was developed to 

integrate Keppel’s sustainability principles 

across our supply chain, and positively 

influence the environmental, social and 

governance performance of our suppliers, 

is mandatory for all key suppliers of the 

Keppel Group.

The areas covered within the supplier 

code of conduct include proper business 

conduct, fair labour practices, stringent 

safety and health standards, and responsible 

environmental management.

Whistle-Blower Policy

Keppel’s Whistle-Blower Policy encourages 

the reporting of suspected bribery or 

misconduct through a clearly-defined 

process and reporting channel, by which 

reports can be made in confidence and 

without fear of reprisal.

The process is reviewed regularly. In 2018, 

the whistle-blower hotline was outsourced 

to an external and independent service 

provider to cater to language and time zone 

requirements across the different countries 

in which the Group operates.

Compliance Policies

We maintain a comprehensive list of policies 

covering compliance-related matters including 

anti-bribery, gifts &amp; hospitality, agent fees, 

donations &amp; sponsorships, solicitation &amp; 

extortion, conflict of interest, and insider trading 

amongst others. These policies are reviewed 

periodically to ensure that they commensurate 

with the activities in the jurisdictions in 

which the Group operates. Group policies 

are applicable to all BUs and unless the 

jurisdictional regulatory requirements are 

more stringent, these policies represent 

the minimum standard for the Group.

Compliance remains a key focus for the 

Group. Our written policy on commitment 

to compliance with anti-corruption laws 

was strengthened in 2018 with the issuance 

of the Global Anti-Bribery Policy, consolidating 

the multiple relevant policies which form 

part of our compliance programme. The 

procedures and rules defined in the Policy 

encapsulates key points of the Group’s 

zero-tolerance approach towards bribery. In 

November 2018, Keppel Offshore &amp; Marine’s 

Singapore entities achieved the ISO 37001 

certification on Anti-Bribery Management 

System. We continue to work towards 

certification for the other entities within 

Keppel Offshore &amp; Marine and the Group. 

Training &amp; Communication

GRI 205-2

Training is an essential component of 

Keppel’s regulatory compliance framework. 

Our programmes are tailored to specific 

audiences and we leverage Group-wide 

forums to reiterate key messages.

We have a comprehensive annual e-learning 

training programme for directors, officers 

and employees. The content of the training 

covers key compliance policies, and directors, 

officers and employees are required to 

complete assessments at the end of the 

training to successfully mark completion. 

As part of the annual training, directors, 

officers and employees are also required 

to formally acknowledge their understanding 

of policies and declare any potential conflicts 

of interest. Toolbox training on anti-bribery 

are also carried out for industrial/

general workers.

We continue to focus on refining our compliance 

training programmes and curriculum for new 

and existing employees. We are also focused 

on developing and tailoring training content 

depending on the target audience.

In addition to policy-related training 

programmes, we conduct trainings focused 

on the line manager’s responsibilities in 

developing the desired culture and mindset 

regarding compliance. These responsibilities 

include the need to establish and maintain 

effective internal controls to ensure that 

processes are robust, and that potential gaps are 

identified and mitigated in a timely manner. 

Training focused on building risk and 

compliance competencies are also organised 

to ensure that we are apprised on changes 

in approaches, best practices and tools. 

Our BU risk and compliance teams conduct 

periodic site visits to all locations in which 

the Group operates to raise awareness 

of compliance risks. We also leverage 

opportunities at various management 

conferences and employee meetings to 

stress the importance of compliance.

Key Processes 

Due Diligence 

We continue to improve our risk-based 

due diligence process for all third party 

associates who represent the Keppel Group 

in business dealings, including our joint 

venture partners, to assess the compliance 

risk of the business partner. In addition 

to background checks, the due diligence 

process incorporates requirements for 

third party associates to acknowledge 

understanding and compliance with our 

Code of Conduct. 

Other Processes 

As part of our ongoing review of policies 

and procedures, we ensure compliance 

oversight is embedded in key processes 

including areas such as gifts and hospitality, 

agent fees, donations and sponsorships, 

as well as conflicts of interest. 

Risk Assessment, Review &amp; Monitoring

GRI 102-30 

We continue to develop our compliance 

resources and framework. This will enable 

the Compliance team to conduct independent 

risk assessments to identify and mitigate 

key compliance risks. Regular discussions 

are held with all business units, focusing 

on risk assessments including specific 

compliance risks identified for their respective 

businesses. Separately, independent reviews 

of compliance risks are carried out within the 

scope of internal audits including thematic 

reviews of the effectiveness of key aspects 

of our compliance programmes. 

Resources 

We recognise the need for an experienced 

compliance team to effectively support the 

business in compliance advisory, as well as 

to ensure that compliance programmes and 

controls are effectively implemented. Senior 

management, including members of the 

Board, are fully committed to ensuring that 

we build a strong compliance function.

Regulatory Compliance

38 

 




We are committed 

to improving resource 

efficiency and reducing 

our environmental impact.

Environmental Management

2018 Performance

Achieved a 24% average 

reduction in emissions intensity 

from our 2010 baseline. 

Installed solar panels with a 

capacity of 5.2 megawatt peak 

(MWp) at Keppel Offshore &amp; 

Marine’s (Keppel O&amp;M) yards.

All business units have  

improved their environmental 

management systems to 

transition to the revised 

ISO 14001 standard. 

Embarked on a pilot project to 

make Keppel Bay Tower the first 

Super Low-Energy High-Rise 

Existing Commercial Building 

in Singapore.

Corporate office at Keppel Bay 

Tower powered by clean energy 

from end-2018, through retirement 

of renewable energy certificates.    

2018 Targets

Achieve a 28.8% reduction in 

carbon emissions intensity 

by 2030 from 2010 levels, 

in addition to the target of  

a 16% improvement in carbon 

emissions from 2020 business-

as-usual levels.

Improve the environmental 

management systems of key 

business units to meet the 

requirements of the revised 

ISO 14001 standard.

Develop solutions that minimise 

environmental impact.

Increase the generation and 

usage of renewable energy in 

our operations. 

2019 Targets

Achieve a 28.8% reduction in 

carbon emissions intensity 

by 2030 from 2010 levels, 

in addition to the target of a  

16% improvement in carbon 

emissions intensity from 2020 

business-as-usual levels.  

Increase the generation and 

usage of renewable energy in 

our operations.

Review climate change risks and 

refine climate change strategy.

Topics

Management systems

Sustainable design  

Energy efficiency

Carbon emissions

Renewable energy

Water, waste and 

effluent management 

Compliance

SDGs

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 39


Environmental Management

Sustaining Growth

Overview 

The proactive management of our 

environmental impact enables us to improve 

resource efficiency, reduce costs and support 

the global climate change agenda. 

This environmental performance report 

includes data from the Group’s major 

subsidiaries in Singapore and overseas 

operations in which the Group has significant 

ownership. This includes Keppel O&amp;M and 

its significant subsidiaries – Keppel FELS, 

Keppel Shipyard and Keppel Singmarine, 

Keppel Land, Keppel Infrastructure, Keppel 

Telecommunications &amp; Transportation 

(Keppel T&amp;T) and Keppel Capital.

Due to commercial sensitivity, direct energy 

consumption and carbon emissions arising 

from Keppel Infrastructure’s power generation 

operations are excluded from this report. 

Management Approach

GRI 103-1 | 103-2 | 103-3 

The Group’s risk-based strategies are used to 

assess, avoid, reduce and mitigate environmental 

risks and impacts. Our focus areas are enhancing 

energy efficiency, managing water and waste, 

reducing our carbon emissions and improving 

our environmental management systems. 

The implementation of our Group-wide 

carbon management strategy is led 

by the energy efficiency committee. 

The committee sets targets, evaluates the 

effectiveness of our carbon management 

efforts, and monitors and reports on 

performance. The committee comprises 

representatives from business units, many 

of whom are certified energy managers. 

All our key business units are certified to 

the ISO 14001 environmental management 

system, which guides how we identify, manage, 

monitor and control environmental issues. In 

addition, the rigs and ships we build comply 

with all six technical annexes1 of the international 

convention for the prevention of pollution from 

ships (MARPOL 73/78) which is the main 

international convention covering prevention 

of pollution of the marine environment by ships, 

while our data centres are certified under 

the SS 564 Singapore standard for green 

data centres management system.

Our approach to environmental management 

covers the following aspects:

• 

Fulfilling compliance obligations;

• 

Protecting the environment by preventing 

or mitigating adverse environmental impacts;

• 

Enhancing environmental performance;

• 

Achieving financial and operational 

benefits that can result from implementing 

environmentally sound alternatives that 

strengthen Keppel’s market position; and

• 

Communicating environmental 

information to relevant interested parties.

Energy Efficiency

812,134 GJ

Of projected energy savings through 

energy efficiency initiatives implemented 

in 2018 and from Keppel Land’s Green 

Mark-certified developments, translating 

to estimated cost savings of about 

$55 million. 

Water Savings

1,419,628 m3

Of water recycled in Singapore, 

equivalent to approximately 29% 

of the Group’s water consumption 

in Singapore. 

1 The six technical annexes are: Annex I – Regulations 

for the Prevention of Pollution by Oil; Annex II – 

Regulations for the Control of Pollution by Noxious 

Liquid Substances in Bulk; Annex III -Prevention of 

Pollution by Harmful Substances Carried by Sea in 

Packaged Form; Annex IV – Prevention of Pollution 

by Sewage from Ships; Annex V – Prevention of 

Pollution by Garbage from Ships; and Annex VI – 

Prevention of Air Pollution from Ships.

Plan 

Establish environmental 

objectives and processes 

necessary to deliver 

results in accordance  

with environmental policy.

Check 

Monitor and measure 

processes against the 

environmental policy, 

including its commitments, 

environmental objectives 

and operating criteria, and 

report the results.

Act 

Take actions to 

continually improve.

International Standards Framework and Plan-Do-Check-Act Model for Environmental Management

Planning

Improvement

Support and 

Operation

Performance 

Evaluation

Leadership

Do

Implement the 

processes as 

planned.

40 

 


To factor in environmental 

considerations in 

our businesses.

To optimise our 

operations and 

processes to enhance 

energy efficiency.

To invest in green 

technology and increase 

usage of renewable 

sources of energy.

To include more 

eco-friendly

features in our products.

To promote  

eco-consciousness

among our stakeholders.

Keppel Corporation's Climate Action Pledge

As a solutions provider for sustainable urbanisation, Keppel Corporation pledges our commitment to support efforts by the international 

community and the Singapore government in tackling climate change.

Our Climate Action Goals

Across our key businesses, we adopt 

a systems approach and apply the 

International Standards framework and 

plan-do-check-act model to achieve continual 

improvement in environmental management. 

Sustainable Design 

In line with our mission of providing solutions 

for sustainable urbanisation, the Group 

considers environmental factors during 

the planning and design of our property 

developments, data centres and warehouses, 

as well as during their operational phases. 

Keppel Land, in collaboration with the 

Building and Construction Authority (BCA), 

will be incorporating five new and 

emerging energy-efficient technologies in 

Keppel Bay Tower, where the headquarters 

of Keppel Corporation is based.

 Read more about how Keppel Bay Tower 

is gearing towards becoming a Super 

Low-Energy Building on pages 46 and 47. 

Separately, following office renovations at 

Keppel Bay Tower in 2018, the work spaces 

of Keppel Corporation, Keppel Land and 

Keppel Capital have been enhanced with 

a suite of green and healthy features to 

improve energy efficiency and staff health 

and well-being. The renovated offices are 

designed with demand control strategies 

to minimise wastage including:

• 

Smart lighting systems that utilise 

occupancy sensors to continuously 

adjust lighting levels according to 

occupancy load;

• 

Photosensors that dim perimeter 

lightings when there is sufficient daylight;

• 

A clean desk policy ensures that no 

equipment is left switched-on overnight, 

thereby reducing energy wastage; and 

• 

Copiers with secure printing features 

help reduce paper wastage. 

To recognise Keppel Corporation, 

Keppel Land and Keppel Capital for their 

commitment towards environmental 

protection and efforts in improving 

staff health and well-being, the BCA 

and Health Promotion Board (HPB) 

awarded all three companies the BCA-HPB 

Green Mark Platinum certification for 

Healthier Workplaces, a new certification 

which promotes health and wellness in 

offices and workplaces. 

Energy

GRI 302-1 | 302-4 

The Group’s energy demand comprises a 

mix of direct and indirect sources of energy. 

Direct energy refers to primary sources of 

energy consumed on site by our operations, 

whereas indirect energy is electricity 

purchased from external suppliers. 

The Group’s primary energy sources are 

diesel, naphtha, piped natural gas, petrol, 

furnace oil and liquefied petroleum gas. 

In 2018, the Group consumed 7,530,345 

gigajoules (GJ) of direct energy and 

1,818,482 GJ of indirect energy or electricity, 

compared to 7,271,829 GJ of direct energy 

and 1,890,734 GJ of indirect energy in 2017.

Our Singapore operations consumed 

7,280,286 GJ of direct energy and 

1,621,069 GJ of indirect energy in 2018, 

compared to 7,149,190 GJ of direct energy 

and 1,643,681 GJ of indirect energy in 2017. 

The data includes direct energy used in 

activities carried out by both employees 

and contractors at our worksites.

Improving Energy Efficiency 

The Group is estimated to have saved 

812,134 GJ2 of energy from its energy 

efficiency initiatives in 2018 and from 

Keppel Land’s Green Mark-certified 

developments. The total energy saving 

is equivalent to about 9% of the Group’s 

total energy consumption in 2018, and 

translates to estimated cost savings of 

about $55 million3 and avoidance of 

approximately 95,000 tCO2 emissions4. 

These savings were achieved through the 

optimisation of operations and processes; 

technological improvements, including 

the adoption of more sustainable building 

designs and materials; and the use of 

energy-efficient equipment and devices. 

Examples of initiatives undertaken in 

2018 include: 

• 

Equipping data centres with Diesel 

Rotary Uninterruptible Power Supply 

(DRUPS) with higher efficiency and lower 

chemical waste compared to a static 

UPS, and chilled water cooling systems 

to reduce electricity consumption 

requirements. Keppel DC Singapore 3 

was re-awarded the BCA-IMDA Green 

Mark Platinum in 2018. The green 

features at the facility include an 

energy-efficient chiller plant system, 

2 The 812,134 GJ in savings comprise savings from the reduced usage of fossil fuels, such as diesel, and a reduction in electricity consumed. The amount of savings in 

absolute terms is the difference in consumption before and after the implementation of an energy efficiency project. The savings are converted to energy equivalent in 

gigajoules based on the corresponding energy conversion factors for fossil fuels and electricity published in the United Kingdom’s Department for Environment, Food and 

Rural Affairs (DEFRA) 2017 Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting, whereby 1 kWh = 0.0036 GJ and 1 tonne of diesel = 43.33 GJ.

3 The electricity conversion factor used is based on the United Kingdom’s DEFRA 2017 Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting, whereby  

1 kWh = 0.0036 GJ. Estimated monetary savings are calculated based on the average electricity tariff rates in 2018 as published by Singapore Power, whereby 1 kWh = $0.2447.

4 The electricity savings in carbon dioxide equivalent was estimated by multiplying the energy savings in kWh with the Electricity Grid Emission Factor, whereby 1 kWh = 0.4244 kg CO2, 

published by Singapore’s Energy Market Authority.

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 41


Environmental Management

Sustaining Growth

motion sensor and zone control 

for data centre suites as well as 

flywheel-powered DRUPS. 

• 

Changing high bay lighting to T5 lamps 

which are more energy efficient. In 2018, 

49 T5 lamps were installed in Keppel 

Logistics’ facilities in Singapore. 

Renewable Energy

The Group has also continued to 

promote the generation and usage 

of renewable energy. Keppel O&amp;M and 

Keppel Infrastructure are collaborating 

on a solar leasing project at Keppel O&amp;M’s 

yards. The solar panels at Keppel O&amp;M’s 

yard have an installed capacity of 5.2 MWp, 

and additional solar panels are progressively 

being installed. In addition, a portion of the 

renewable energy certificates generated 

through this initiative is being transferred to 

Keppel Corporation, allowing the corporate 

office at Keppel Bay Tower to be fully 

powered by clean energy from the 

end of 2018 through the retirement of 

these certificates5.

Water

GRI 303-1 | 303-3 

Water is a precious resource. The 

Group continues to strengthen its water 

conservation efforts through initiatives 

such as promoting water-saving practices, 

adopting water-efficient technologies 

and equipment as well as implementing 

process improvements. 

The total water consumption of the Group 

consists of potable water (water from local 

catchment and imported water), NEWater 

(treated wastewater from sewage), recycled 

water and water drawn from rivers. The 

Group consumed 6,068,582 cubic metres (m3) 

of water in 2018, an increase of 19% compared 

to 5,111,238 m3 in 2017.

Environmental Data

GRI 302-1 | 303-1 | 303-3 | 305-1 | 305-2 | 305-7 | 306-2

2016

2017

2018

Global Operations

Direct Energy Consumption (GJ)

7,394,690

7,271,829

7,530,345

Indirect Energy Consumption (GJ)

1,820,611

1,890,734

1,818,482

Direct Emissions (tCO2)

1,205,749

1,065,179

1,001,025

Indirect Emissions (tCO2)

224,146

228,551

237,722

Potable Water Used (m3)

2,523,902

1,705,917

1,983,358

NEWater Used (m3)

2,648,455

2,622,096

2,604,498

Recycled Water Used (m3)

294,361

727,702

1,419,696

River Water Used (m3)

32,418

55,523

61,030

Recycled Waste (t)

297,137

44,127

561,818

Incinerated Waste (t) 

27,948

27,743

18,073

Singapore Operations

Direct Energy Consumption (GJ)

7,166,393

7,149,190

7,280,286

Indirect Energy Consumption (GJ)

1,595,838

1,643,681

1,621,069

Direct Emissions (tCO2)

1,031,948

838,666

829,957

Indirect Emissions (tCO2)

191,189

193,615

209,141

Nitrogen Oxides Emissions (mg/Nm3)

 

Keppel Merlimau Cogen Plant

33.03

24.87

28.44

 

Keppel Seghers Tuas WTE Plant

283.91

137.53

162.13

Sulphur Dioxide Emissions (mg/Nm3)

 

Keppel Merlimau Cogen Plant

7.15

10.12

10.40

 

Keppel Seghers Tuas WTE Plant

11.68

31.26

67.47

 

Senoko WTE Plant

68.87

101.90

48.79

Average Particulate Matter Emissions (mg/Nm3)

 

Keppel Seghers Tuas WTE Plant

12.04

8.55

7.88

 

Senoko WTE Plant

10.75

17.58

5.92

Potable Water Used (m3)

1,445,304

1,001,2541

872,864

NEWater Used (m3)

2,586,318

2,622,096

2,604,498

Recycled Water Used (m3)

294,055

727,646

1,419,628

Recycled Waste (t)

47,263

38,195

29,239

Incinerated Waste (t) 

27,929

24,067

18,071

1 The figure for potable water in 2017 have been restated to account for corrections to historical data. 

42 

 




for recycling. Hazardous waste generated is 

handled, stored and disposed in a manner 

that adheres to best practices and meets 

local regulatory requirements. 

Waste recycled included ferrous scrap, 

grits, plastic stretch wrap, paper and other 

office consumables. In 2018, the Group 

recycled 561,818 tonnes (t) of refuse, 

which is a significant increase from  

44,127 t of waste in 2017. The increase 

was largely due to increased amounts 

of scrap metal from Keppel AmFELS in 

the US and Keppel Batangas Shipyard in 

the Philippines, as yard activities picked up, 

which contributed to a combined amount 

of 532,579 t. Our Singapore operations 

recycled 29,239 t of waste in 2018, 

a decrease from 38,195 t recycled in 

Singapore the previous year.

As a Group, a total of 18,073 t of waste 

was sent for incineration in 2018, which is 

approximately a 35% decrease compared 

to 27,743 t in 2017.

In land-scarce Singapore, refuse is 

incinerated to reduce the volume of waste 

and to remove harmful substances before 

disposal at the landfill. A total 18,071 t of 

waste was sent for incineration in 2018, 

Keppel Land considers 

environmental factors 

during the planning 

and design of its 

property developments. 

registering a 25% decrease compared 

to 24,067 t in 2017, due to changes in 

business activities. 

As incineration of refuse is prohibited 

or unavailable in some countries where 

we operate, a total of 131,506 t of 

municipal waste was disposed at landfill 

sites in 2018, an increase over 1,539 t in 2017.

Emissions &amp; Effluents

GRI 305-1 | 305-2 | 305-5 | 305-7 

Emissions Intensity Targets

Keppel aims to achieve a 16% improvement 

in carbon emissions intensity from 2020 

business-as-usual levels. This is based on 

the national targets which the Singapore 

government had disclosed in 2009.

In support of the Paris Agreement, Singapore 

announced its intended nationally determined 

contribution of reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) 

emissions intensity by 36% from 2005 levels 

by 2030. In line with the government’s 

commitment, we have set a long-term 

target of a 28.8% reduction in carbon 

emissions intensity from 2010 levels by 

2030 for our global operations6. Our target 

was derived by adjusting the national 

target to a shorter timeframe, as data 

prior to 2010 is unavailable. 

5 The renewable energy certificates allocated to Keppel Corporation’s corporate office for the period from December 2018 will be retired in July 2019.

6 In calculating emissions intensity reductions, each business division first computes its base year (i.e. 2010) emissions intensity using a normalising factor relevant to its 

business activity. The total emissions intensity reduction is the difference in the Group’s average emissions intensity between the base year and the current year in which the 

data is reported. The normalisation factors for our business divisions are based on their key activities and industry best practices. They are as follows: m2 of gross floor area 

for Keppel Corporation and Keppel Land, million man-hours for Keppel FELS, Keppel Shipyard, Keppel Singmarine and Keppel Logistics; tonnes of refuse incinerated for our 

WTE plants; million kWh for City Gas; volume of water produced for SingSpring Desalination Plant; volume of NEWater produced for the Ulu Pandan NEWater Plant; refrigeration 

tonnes per hour for our district heating and cooling plants; and kilowatt of IT power for Keppel Data Centres. 

Our operations in Singapore consumed 

4,896,990 m3 of water compared to 

4,350,996 m3 in 2017. 

Water Recycling 

The Group recycled a total of 1,419,628 m3 

of water in 2018 that was used in its 

plants in Singapore, which is equivalent to 

approximately 29% of the Group’s water 

consumption in Singapore. The amount of 

water recycled in 2018 is almost double the 

volume recycled than 2017. The increase 

is largely attributed to the optimisation of 

the effluent filtration system at Senoko 

Waste-to-Energy (WTE) Plant, and the 

redirection of water drained during boiler 

shutdowns into the recycled water system.

Waste

GRI 306-2 

The Group strives to minimise waste 

generation, increase opportunities for 

reusing and recycling, as well as treat and 

dispose waste responsibly where other 

options are not practicable. 

Waste is segregated at our offices, plants 

and yards to promote reuse and recycling. 

Used papers from our offices as well as 

scrap metals and spoilt equipment recovered 

from our shipyards and WTE plants are sent 

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 43


incineration of waste at WTE plants 

amounted to 1,001,025 tCO2, registering a 

6% decrease from 1,065,179 tCO2 in 2017, 

while indirect emissions from electricity 

use was 237,722 tCO2, which is a 4% 

increase from 228,551 tCO2 in 2017. 

Direct emissions for Singapore 

operations was 829,957 tCO2, 

comparable to 838,666 tCO2 in 2017. 

Indirect emissions from our Singapore 

operations was 209,141 tCO2, compared 

with 193,615 tCO2 in 2017.

Other Emissions &amp; Effluents

Keppel Infrastructure continues to actively 

manage the emissions from its operations. 

Nitrogen oxides and sulphur dioxide 

emitted from the three plants under 

Keppel Infrastructure remain far below 

the emission standards of 700 milligrams 

per normal cubic metre (mg/Nm3) and 

500 mg/Nm3 respectively, as stipulated by 

Singapore’s National Environment Agency 

(NEA) Code of Practice on Pollution Control. 

In 2018, dust or particulate matter emitted 

by Senoko WTE Plant and Keppel Seghers 



Environmental Management

Sustaining Growth

As at end-2018, our operations in Singapore 

and overseas7 have achieved a 24% average 

reduction in carbon emissions intensity 

from our 2010 baseline8. 

We are on track to achieving the 2020 

target of a 16% improvement in carbon 

emissions intensity.

The Singapore government implemented a 

carbon tax in 2019. The carbon tax is set at a 

rate of $5 per tonne of GHG emissions (tCO2) 

from 2019 to 2023. Singapore will review 

the carbon tax rate by 2023, with plans to 

increase it to between $10 and $15/tCO2 

by 2030. The tax is applied upstream, for 

example, on power stations and other large 

direct emitters. The carbon tax would have 

an impact on the business cost, which would 

in turn impact project economics. To mitigate 

the impact of the carbon tax, the Group has 

continued to improve our energy efficiency 

and reduce our carbon footprint, particularly 

for businesses that are energy intensive.

Carbon Emmisions9

In 2018, total direct emissions from the 

use of fuels across the Group and the 

Tuas WTE Plant were 5.92 mg/Nm3 and 

7.88 mg/Nm3 respectively, which were 

well below the NEA emission standard of 

100 mg/Nm3. Variations in emissions are 

dependent on the type of municipal refuse 

incinerated by the plants. 

All trade effluent from our operations are 

treated and discharged to water courses 

or sewer systems in accordance with 

the environmental discharge limits and 

effluent standards in the countries 

of operation. 

Compliance

GRI 306-3 | 307-1 

There were no reports of spillages, 

and no sanctions pertaining to spillages 

that were administered by Singapore or 

overseas authorities on the Group in 2018. 

In 2018, the main contractor appointed 

by Keppel Land for a residential project 

in Singapore was fined $1,000 for 

creating conditions favourable for 

mosquito breeding at the construction 

site. Mitigating actions have since been 

taken to prevent recurrence.

1

44 

 


7 Excludes Keppel O&amp;M’s operations abroad. We are working to progressively include all overseas facilities in 

our monitoring of emissions intensity.

8 Due to commercial sensitivity, data from Keppel Merlimau Cogen is excluded from the calculation.

9 

The GHG conversion factors used for Scope 1 (direct emissions) are based on the United Kingdom’s DEFRA 

2017 Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting. The GHG conversion factors for Scope 2 

(indirect emissions) are based on the “Electricity Grid Emission Factor” for 2017 from Singapore’s Energy Market 

Authority. The GHG emission Scopes 1, 2 and 3 are defined by the GHG Protocol, whereby Scope 1 refers to 

emissions from company owned and operated facilities, machines, vehicles, etc. The primary sources of energy 

consumed on site by our operations are diesel, liquefied petroleum gas, naphtha, piped natural gas, liquefied 

petroleum gas, compressed natural gas, acetylene, and refrigerants – R22, R407C, R410A, R22, R407C, R410A; 

Scope 2 refers to emissions from the generation of purchased electricity consumed by the company; Scope 3 

emissions are a consequence of the activities of the company, but occur from sources not owned or controlled 

by the company, such as employee commuting, business travel and the purchase of office supplies. The Group 

does not report on Scope 3 emissions as the boundaries for such emissions are very broad, and it is presently 

not feasible to track such data for a credible Scope 3 assessment. 

 

As there is no existing international benchmark on the amount of carbon emissions from the incineration 

of waste, Keppel has established a methodology for estimating carbon emissions based on the 2006 IPCC 

Guidelines for National GHG Inventories (Volume 5 – Waste). Carbon emissions are estimated based on the 

fossil carbon arising from the incineration of non-organic waste content in the incineration plant, which is dry 

plastics in Singapore’s context. The plastics content and the moisture content in the waste are determined 

through annual refuse sampling, which is a requirement by NEA for the annual incineration capacity test for 

each plant. The carbon emission factors for 2017 are one tonne of waste incinerated equals to 0.3139 tCO2 

for Keppel Seghers Tuas WTE Plant, and 0.4283 tCO2 for Senoko WTE Plant.



1

Keppel DHCS’ district 

cooling plant at Changi 

Business Park generates 

solar energy through 

the building-integrated 

photovoltaics installed 

on the rooftop and 

building facade. 

2

The David Malcolm Justice 

Centre, which Keppel REIT 

owns 50% interest in,  

is the first building in Perth, 

Australia, to attain the 

Green Building Council 

of Australia’s 6 Star Green 

Star Performance rating. 

2

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 45


Environmental Management

Sustaining Growth

Special Focus

Gearing Towards a Super Low-Energy Building 

Five selected technologies from the inaugural BCA-Keppel Land Joint Challenge Call 

will be implemented at Keppel Bay Tower as part of an innovative test-bedding project 

supported by the BCA Green Building Innovation Cluster.  

1 

The estimated annual energy consumption of 

Keppel Bay Tower is within the Top Quartile of 

large office buildings in the BCA Building Energy 

Benchmarking Report 2017.

Keppel Land has been awarded a grant 

of up to $1.28 million by the Building and 

Construction Authority of Singapore (BCA) 

to implement new and emerging green 

technologies at the Green Mark Platinum-

certified Keppel Bay Tower, where 

Keppel Corporation is headquartered. 

The five technologies that will be 

piloted at Keppel Bay Tower include a 

high efficiency air distribution system, 

a revolutionary cooling tower water 

management system, integrated sensor 

technology to optimise fresh air intake, 

smart lighting solutions as well as 

an intelligent building control system. 

This will be the first time that any of 

these technologies, selected from the 

BCA-Keppel Land Joint Challenge Call 

launched in 2017, are implemented in 

a development in Singapore. In addition, 

Keppel Land will also explore opportunities 

to collaborate with Envision, a global leading 

smart energy management company, 

to further improve the energy efficiency 

of Keppel Bay Tower.

With the expected completion of the pilot 

in 2020, Keppel Bay Tower’s annual energy 

consumption is expected to improve from 

about 145 kilowatt hour (kWh)/m2 per year 

to 115 kWh/m2 per year1. This is a 20% 

improvement from its current annual energy 

consumption. Keppel Land is working with 

the BCA to certify Keppel Bay Tower under 

the new Green Mark for Super Low-Energy 

scheme, qualifying it as Singapore’s first 

Super Low-Energy High-Rise Existing 

Commercial Building.

Keppel Land will implement the technologies 

in certain parts of the 18-storey building, 

which will allow Keppel Bay Tower to yield 

estimated overall annual energy savings 

of approximately 1.5 million kWh. This is 

equivalent to the amount of energy required 

to power more than 250 five-room HDB flats 

in Singapore for one year.

Keppel Land also estimates it can achieve 

annual water savings of about 7,000 m3, 

which is equivalent to the amount of 

water in three Olympic-size swimming 

pools. These savings in energy and water 

translate to cost savings of approximately 

$250,000 annually.

If the technologies are applied to 

the entire building, the annual energy 

consumption of Keppel Bay Tower 

is estimated to be further reduced to 

92 kWh/m2 per year. 



Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 47

46 

 




Suppliers

Sustaining Growth

We work closely with  

stakeholders in our  

supply chain to positively 

influence their sustainability 

performance.

2018 Performance

Screened 100% of all new 

suppliers in accordance with 

environmental, social and 

governance (ESG) criteria. 

99.8% of qualified suppliers 

endorsed the Keppel supplier 

code of conduct or have 

their own codes which met 

Keppel’s requirements.

Worked with subcontractors 

to provide safety training for 

subcontract workers and 

shared best practices on 

health, safety and environment 

(HSE) at contractor and 

subcontractor forums.

2019 Targets

Screen 100% of all new suppliers 

in accordance with ESG criteria. 

To have 100% of all qualified 

suppliers endorse the Keppel 

supplier code of conduct. 

Expand the assessments of 

supplier performance in relation 

to topics covered in the Keppel 

supplier code of conduct.

2018 Targets

Further refine the implementation 

of the Keppel supplier code 

of conduct. 

Work with suppliers to improve 

performance in accordance with 

best practices.

Topics

Screening suppliers

Supplier code of conduct

Due diligence 

SDGs

48 

 




Our Supply Chain

GRI 102-9

Division 

Description

Offshore &amp; Marine

Subcontractors work closely with Keppel Offshore &amp; Marine (Keppel O&amp;M) to construct, convert and repair offshore 

and marine vessels in our yards. 

Equipment manufacturers supply us with large-scale equipment such as thrusters, engines, winches, switchgear 

and variable control systems for installation on offshore and marine vessels that we build for clients; as well as 

specialised purpose-specific equipment such as cryogenic systems and offshore drilling equipment. We also 

procure shipyard-specific equipment such as cranes, forklifts, transporters and panel line systems. 

Bulk material suppliers supply us with steel plates, steel profiles, cables, piping and paint; and consumables such 

as fuel, grits and gases.

Property

Consultants, contractors, and interior design firms provide architectural and engineering design, construction 

and interior design services for our real estate developments. 

As a manager of real estate properties, we also employ facility management companies to service our commercial buildings. 

Infrastructure

Keppel Infrastructure engages consultants, system integrators, equipment manufacturers and suppliers, and 

subcontractors for the construction of plants and facilities and for the provision of environmental technology solutions. 

We also purchase raw materials, such as feedstock, to power the co-generation plant for our Energy Infrastructure 

business. In addition, we procure goods and services for the operations and maintenance of the plants and facilities.

Keppel Data Centres engages external contractors for the construction of new data centre facilities, and facility 

technicians for regular equipment maintenance. 

Keppel Logistics engages contractors for transportation services and warehouse operations, as well as for facility 

maintenance. UrbanFox, our e-commerce logistics arm, engages crowdsourced drivers for last-mile delivery services 

through its online platform.

Investments

Our managers engage subcontractors to ensure smooth operations and maintenance of our assets. The supply chain 

for this business also comprises mechanical and electrical equipment suppliers for some of our data centres, as well 

as property and facility management companies that provide building management, physical security, technical 

maintenance and routine cleaning services.

Management Approach 

GRI 102-10 | 103-1 | 103-2 | 103-3 | 308-1 | 403-7 | 414-1

The Group contracts local and foreign 

suppliers for our different lines of businesses, 

and we work closely with our suppliers 

to make a positive impact on their 

sustainability performance. 

We adhere to local content requirements and 

are committed towards strengthening our 

base of local suppliers in countries where we 

operate. In doing so, we support domestic 

economic growth, generate employment 

opportunities and improve the capacities 

of the workforce in our host countries. 

Screening New Suppliers

All suppliers are qualified in accordance with 

our requisition and purchasing policies, and 

screened based on ESG criteria. We review 

potential suppliers’ industry reputation, 

track record, financial performance, 

security practices and certifications, 

whereby suppliers with certifications 

for ISO 9001 quality management system, 

ISO 14001 environmental management 

system, OHSAS 18001 occupational 

health and safety assessment series 

or equivalent are preferred. 

All new suppliers that provide Keppel with 

products and services valued at $200,000 

or more per contract or over cumulative 

purchase orders in the prior calendar year 

are expected to sign and abide by the 

Keppel supplier code of conduct, which 

covers areas pertaining to business conduct, 

labour practices, safety and health, and 

environmental management. All Group 

companies are required to include the 

acknowledgment and signing of the code, 

which is available in multiple languages, as 

part of their supplier selection procedure. In 

2018, 99.8% of qualified suppliers endorsed 

the code or have their own codes which 

met Keppel’s requirements. The remaining 

0.2% comprised three suppliers who could 

not endorse the code. The business unit’s 

compliance team conducted further due 

diligence and assessed that the three 

suppliers were fit to be appointed. 

Third-party associates of the Group that 

provide services on behalf of a Group 

company or engage in business activities on 

behalf of a Group company are required to 

abide by Keppel’s rules of business conduct. 

The rules specify the Group’s policy with 

regard to ethical conduct and compliance 

with laws, anti-corruption, gifts and 

hospitality, and donations and contributions. 

The Group’s enterprise resource planning 

initiative for companies in Singapore was 

enhanced in 2018. The enhanced system 

provides procurement managers across the 

Supplier Code Of Conduct

99.8%

Of all qualified suppliers endorsed 

the Keppel supplier code of conduct 

or have their own codes which met 

Keppel’s requirements.

Suppliers Screened

100%

Of all new suppliers were screened in 

accordance with ESG criteria.

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 49


Group with visibility on suppliers that 

have been qualified or suspended by other 

business units. All overseas business units 

are working to be on this common resource 

planning platform.

Due Diligence 

Keppel O&amp;M conducts regular audits of 

resident subcontractors to ensure their 

adherence to the International Labour 

Organisation’s declaration on fundamental 

principles and rights at work and Singapore’s 

Ministry of Manpower marine sponsorship 

scheme requirements for the employment 

of local and foreign employees. 

As part of the due diligence process, which 

covers topics such as fair remuneration, 

living standards and workplace safety, 

Keppel O&amp;M conducts monthly interviews 

with subcontract workers on a rotational 

basis to determine their levels of satisfaction 

pertaining to worker welfare. The respective 

subcontractors’ management are required 

to address any cause for concern.

Keppel Land has in place a five-step supply 

chain management process that covers 

the whole lifecycle of its project from its 

initiation and design development stages to 

subsequent construction and operation stages. 

For all project sites covered under the scope 

of Keppel Land’s environmental management 

system, contractors are required to conduct 

an impact assessment based on activities 

at the project site prior to construction. 

The assessment covers potential negative 

environmental impacts, including depletion 

of resources, biodiversity disturbance as well 

as air, water and noise pollution. Contractors 

are required to establish and implement 

appropriate measures to mitigate and/or 

prevent significant environmental impacts. 

Keppel Land also conducts regular site visits 

and internal audits as part of its supplier due 

diligence process. When lapses are identified, 

the company’s project team works closely 

with contractors to implement corrective 

action plans and preventive measures. 

Suppliers

Sustaining Growth

Supplier Selection Process

Assessed

Stage 3

New suppliers are assessed 

again by the respective work 

teams based on specified 

criteria. All subcontractors 

are required to abide by 

the relevant laws and 

regulations during the 

course of engagement. 

The feedback provided 

by the work teams to the 

procurement teams helps 

to determine whether new 

suppliers are included in 

our approved supplier list. 

Reviewed

Stage 2

All suppliers are qualified 

in accordance with 

our requisition and 

purchasing policies and 

screened based on ESG 

criteria. We review potential 

suppliers’ industry reputation, 

track record, financial 

performance, security 

practices and certifications. 

Evaluated

Stage 4

We conduct regular 

reviews and assessment 

of supplier performance, 

with an emphasis on our 

subcontractors, including 

performance in relation 

to topics covered in the 

supplier code of conduct. 

This includes document 

reviews and site visits to 

ensure satisfactory service 

quality and HSE standards. 

Business units also collect 

regular feedback from 

suppliers and incorporate 

feedback where applicable.

Signed

Stage 1

All new suppliers that provide 

Keppel with products and 

services valued at $200,000 

or more per contract or over 

cumulative purchase orders 

in the prior calendar year are 

expected to sign and abide 

by the Keppel supplier code 

of conduct.

Building Capabilities

We work closely with our contractors and 

subcontractors to maintain high safety 

standards throughout our workforce.

 Read more about how Keppel drives high safety 

standards in its supply chain on pages 57 to 61. 

Forums and dialogue sessions with contractors 

are held regularly to ensure alignment in HSE 

objectives, share experience and communicate 

our expectations regarding performance. Our 

business units have incentive programmes 

that reward and recognise contractors with 

exemplary HSE performance.

Keppel O&amp;M conducts outreach programmes 

and briefings to subcontractor workers to 

inform them of their employment rights, and 

the available channels to report any violation 

of their rights.

50 

 




We drive innovation and tap 

our businesses’ expertise 

and track records to seize 

new opportunities.

Product Excellence

2018 Performance

Invested 27% of R&amp;D expenditure 

on sustainability-linked innovation. 

Achieved high scores for 

customer satisfaction surveys 

across our business units.  

Most of our key business 

units are certified to meet the 

ISO 9001 quality management 

system, ISO 14001 environmental 

management system and 

OHSAS 18001 occupational health 

and safety assessment series.

2018 Targets

Invest in research and 

development (R&amp;D) and 

innovations that support solutions 

for sustainable urbanisation.

Maintain high levels of  

customer satisfaction across  

our businesses.

Certify products and services to 

sustainability-related standards 

and protocols.

2019 Targets

Invest at least 20% of  

R&amp;D expenditure on 

sustainability-linked innovation. 

Maintain high levels of  

customer satisfaction across 

our businesses. 

Certify products and services to 

sustainability-related standards 

and protocols.

Topics

Innovation

Product safety 

Customer satisfaction

SDGs

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 51


Product Excellence

Sustaining Growth

Green Mark Awards

83

Building &amp; Construction Authority (BCA)  

Green Mark Awards achieved by  

Keppel Land to date.

Sustainability Innovation

27% 

Of R&amp;D expenditure invested in 

sustainability-linked innovation. 

Overview

Driven by our core values of customer focus 

as well as agility and innovation, Keppel 

delivers value-added solutions for sustainable 

urbanisation, taking into account the evolving 

needs of our customers. 

We continue to drive innovation and tap 

on our businesses’ expertise to seize 

new opportunities. 

We exercise due care and diligence in the 

design, construction and operation of our 

products and services to ensure that they 

do not pose hazards to customers.

Management Approach

GRI 103-1 | 103-2 | 103-3

Most of our key business units are certified 

to meet the ISO 9001 and ISO 14001  

management systems, and OHSAS 18001, 

demonstrating our commitment to 

execution excellence. 

We regularly monitor and review 

our operational processes to improve 

efficiencies and increase productivity. 

Through regular surveys and reviews, 

we seek to understand our customers’ 

needs and enhance our products and 

services accordingly.

In 2018, Keppel Data Centres obtained 

certification for the ISO 9001 management 

system, ISO 27001 information security 

management system as well as EN 50600 

Class 3 European data centre standard for  

Keppel DC Frankfurt 1. 

Keppel Land has implemented the ISO 9001  

management system for about 30% of its 

projects under development in Singapore, 

China and Vietnam. In addition, 100% of 

Keppel Land’s managed development 

projects and properties in Singapore, China 

and Vietnam have attained OHSAS 18001. 

To date, Keppel Land has garnered a 

total of 83 BCA Green Mark Awards in 

recognition of its holistic approach to 

environmental management.

About 70% of Keppel Infrastructure’s 

operations are certified to meet the ISO 9001 

and ISO 14001 management systems and 

OHSAS 18001, demonstrating commitment 

to execution excellence.

Fostering Innovation 

The Keppel technology advisory panel (KTAP) 

was established in 2004 as a key platform to 

advance the Group's technology leadership. 

Its members include eminent business 

leaders and industry experts from across 

the world. 

KTAP members provide Keppel with technology 

foresight, advice on strategic projects, and 

broaden Keppel’s networks. Collectively, 

members’ expertise cover a wide range 

of topics pertaining to sustainable 

urbanisation, including floating platforms, 

urban design and liveability, alternative 

energy and efficiency, as well as 

communication networks and digitalisation. 

KTAP convenes once a year with key 

members of Keppel Corporation’s board 

and senior management.



1

52 

 


Keppel Technology and Innovation (KTI) 

is the Group’s platform to co-create and 

incubate ideas, and serves to sharpen the 

Group’s focus on innovation. Through KTI, 

we aim to transform how Keppel harnesses 

technology and innovation to create value 

for our stakeholders, including innovation 

in business models and the way we work, 

as well as how we collaborate with third 

parties to accelerate change. 

In 2018, about 27% of the Group’s 

R&amp;D expenditure was invested in 

sustainability-linked innovation. 

In 2018, Keppel Offshore &amp; Marine (Keppel O&amp;M) 

developed conceptual designs for innovative 

floating assets, including wind turbine 

installation jackup rigs as well as autonomous 

tugs. Separately, as part of an Industry 4.0 

transformation process, Keppel Shipyard 

implemented several innovation projects in 

2018, including the digitisation of computed 

radiography procedures. Since 2015, 

Keppel Shipyard has implemented close to 

100 initiatives to enhance operations and 

efficiency, translating to estimated cost 

savings of about $19 million.

Keppel Logistics has committed $17 million 

for UrbanFox to power its growth efforts 

in e-commerce channel management, 

warehousing and inventory management as 

well as last-mile fulfilment. For the benefit of 

its customers and delivery partners, UrbanFox 

will be looking to enhance its analytics and 

parcel sorting technology platform with 

automatic geospatial and chronological 

delivery clustering to achieve gains in efficiency.

Customer Health &amp; Safety 

GRI 416-1

The health and safety of our customers in 

the provision and use of our products and 

services are of utmost importance to us. 

Customer health and safety impacts are 

assessed for improvement in all our 

significant product and service categories, 

and throughout products’ life cycles. 



1

Our data centres are 

certified to have fulfilled 

the requirements of 

international standards 

for operational resilience 

and information security, 

among others.

2

UrbanFox will continue 

to invest in technology 

and process optimisation 

initiatives.

3

Keppel Technology and 

Innovation is the Group’s 

platform to co-create and 

incubate ideas, and serves 

to sharpen the Group’s 

focus on innovation.

3



2

We consider proper design, handling, 

storage and disposal of materials as 

early as the planning stage. At the project 

execution stage, we carry out project 

reviews and quality assurance programmes. 

In our business units, functional divisions, 

including health, safety &amp; environment (HSE), 

commercial, engineering, and operations, 

as well as project and plant managers, 

are collectively responsible for the oversight 

of product and service safety.  

All operational management and quality 

control systems at Keppel O&amp;M are aligned 

based on the company’s business excellence 

roadmap and framework. Clients are also 

briefed on the management systems in 

place to address project-specific HSE risks. 

This includes the development of HSE and 

emergency plans which detail how risks will 

be managed at each phase of the project. 

Regular site audits are conducted by the 

client and our project teams to ensure 

compliance to the client’s HSE standards. 

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 53




Sustaining Growth

Product Excellence

Keppel Land has adopted the guidelines on 

design for safety in buildings and structure 

for all its new projects in Singapore since 

2008, in line with Singapore’s Workplace 

Safety and Health Council’s design for safety 

regulations implemented since 2016. The 

guidelines require safety and health risks to 

be incorporated into the early conceptual and 

planning phases of a project, enabling designers 

and consultants to reduce these risks through 

good design and effective project planning. 

In our Infrastructure division, management 

systems are in place to improve the 

operational resilience of our assets. City Gas, 

which is currently the sole producer and 

retailer of low-pressure piped town gas in 

Singapore and also the sole user of the 

low-pressure piped town gas network in 

Singapore, is certified to the ISO 9001 

quality management system to ensure that 

its output meet product specifications.

Keppel Infrastructure Trust’s key customers 

include government agencies and regulatory 

authorities who oversee the provision of public 

utilities such as water, waste treatment and 

electricity. Ongoing efforts such as regular 

reporting, annual capacity tests and audits 

help to further ensure the quality and reliability 

of the company’s products and services.

Customer Engagement 

GRI 102-43 

We actively seek our customers’ feedback 

and suggestions to help us understand 

their needs, so that we are able to translate 

such feedback to improvements of our 

products and services. 

Compliance 

GRI 416-2

Keppel subscribes to best practices and complies 

with all applicable legislations and requirements.

Keppel is not aware of any violation of laws, 

regulations and voluntary codes pertaining 

to the provision, use, health and safety of 

its products and services in 2018. 

Keppel’s business units abide by the Singapore 

Code of Advertising Practice by the Advertising 

Standards Authority of Singapore, as well as 

similar codes overseas.

Customer feedback 2018 (non-exhaustive) 

Division

Feedback Process

2018 Outcomes

Offshore &amp; Marine

Keppel Shipyard conducted customer service satisfaction 

surveys for 330 completed projects in Singapore.

Maintained a customer satisfaction score of 5.8 out of 6. 

For Keppel FELS, face-to-face customer surveys were 

conducted once every four months to track customer 

satisfaction at each project phase.

Obtained an average score of 4.3 out of 6, a slight decrease 

from an average score of 4.9 in 2017. 

Property

Keppel Land conducted service quality surveys for 

11 completed projects in Singapore, China, Vietnam 

and Indonesia.

95.7% of respondents indicated that they were satisfied with 

the services rendered in the management and operations of 

the developments, a slight increase from 95% in 2017.  

Infrastructure

Keppel Logistics conducts regular customer meetings 

and annual customer surveys. 

Maintained a customer engagement score of 100% in 

Singapore and 90% in China. 

Keppel Data Centres conducts an annual customer survey.

Scored 3.64 out of 5, up from 3.5 in 2017.  

At City Gas, customer review audits are performed by  

a third-party consultant.

Scored 3.44 out of 4 for overall customer satisfaction, 

up from 3.3 in 2017. 

Investments

Keppel REIT conducted tenant satisfaction surveys 

for its properties in Singapore and Australia.

Survey results indicated high levels of tenant satisfaction. 

We actively seek our 

customers’ feedback 

and suggestions to help 

us better understand 

their needs and translate 

such feedback to 

improvements of our 

products and services.

54 

 


approach would involve physical model 

testing, which is time-consuming, resource 

intensive and costly. 

Keppel Data Centres and its equipment 

providers, together with A*STAR, use 

Aspire 1 for CFD modelling to study airflow 

patterns for hot and cold air in its data centres. 

This is important in tropical Singapore where 

the bulk of energy consumption in data 

centres goes towards cooling equipment. 

Understanding airflow in data centres allows 

Keppel Data Centres to optimise the supply 

of cool air to mission-critical computer 

server racks while efficiently removing 

waste heat.

Harnessing Digitalisation 

Keppel O&amp;M’s proprietary RigCare Solution 

provides customers with a suite of digital 

services to support the rig’s lifecycle needs, 

significantly increasing uptime and 

improving safety while reducing 

maintenance costs. 

RigCare leverages digitalisation and data 

insights to provide end-to-end solutions, 

including asset management, remote 

advisory and rig performance optimisation. 

With this new service, Keppel O&amp;M is able 

to offer reliable solutions throughout the rig’s 

lifecycle, from rig design, engineering and 

construction, to operation and maintenance.

RigCare features include the use of: 

• Industrial Internet of Things to enhance 

automation and mobile operations; 

• Smart sensors to drive towards condition-

based class surveys in a joint development 

project with classification society 

ABS to lower downtime and reduce 

maintenance costs; 

• Digital twin-based analytics to predict 

machine failure and enhance overall 

efficiency and robustness with real-time 

data; and 

• Real-time optimisation of the 

rig's operations

In February 2019, Keppel FELS delivered 

Cantarell IV, its first jackup rig equipped 

with the RigCare Solution, to Grupo R with 

a perfect safety record. 

Innovation and technology have been integral 

parts of our growth and the company continues 

to invest in these areas to maximise its value 

proposition, improve operational efficiency 

and provide solutions for existing and 

new markets. 

Leveraging Supercomputing  

The Group uses supercomputing resources 

for a range of activities from digitally testing 

and improving its rig and ship designs to 

mapping out the airflow at its data centres 

for optimum usage. 

Keppel Offshore &amp; Marine (Keppel O&amp;M), 

through the Keppel-National University 

of Singapore Corporate Lab, uses the 

National Supercomputing Centre’s 

supercomputer, Aspire 1, to run computational 

fluid dynamics (CFD) models to visualise gas 

and liquid flows for resistance and propulsion 

studies to improve the safety, reliability, 

fuel efficiency and operability of its products. 

Projects include designs for containerships, 

LNG bunkering vessels and ice breakers 

as well as semisubmersible hull and column 

optimisation. The conventional design 



Keppel O&amp;M’s proprietary 

RigCare Solution uses 

digitalisation and data 

insights to provide end-to-

end solutions, including 

asset management, 

remote advisory and rig 

performance optimisation.

Driving Innovation 

We continue to invest in technology to maximise our value proposition and 

improve operational efficiency.   

Special Focus

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 55




Safety &amp; Health

Empowering Lives

Safety is our core value. 

We are committed to providing 

a safe and healthy workplace 

for all our stakeholders.

2018 Performance

Developed global High Impact 

Risk Activities (HIRA) standards. 

Held over 200 safety leadership 

coaching programmes globally  

to train and empower 

frontline managers. 

Aligning business unit 

requirements for electronic global  

HSE management system.

Collaborating with Keppel 

Technology and Innovation 

to explore the use of video 

analytics and business 

intelligence to harness data  

from hazard reporting, 

observations and inspections.

AFR increased to 0.25.

Suffered one fatality 

in Singapore.

2019 Targets

Execute our Zero Fatality Strategy 

and reduce workplace fatalities 

to zero. 

Reduce total recordable incident 

rate by 10% compared to 

2018 levels.

Conduct a compliance audit 

for selected business units 

in relation to the global 

HIRA standards. 

Invest in technologies to 

drive improvements in 

safety performance.  

2018 Targets

Execute our Zero Fatality 

Strategy and reduce workplace 

fatalities to zero.

Reduce Accident Frequency 

Rate (AFR) compared to 

2017 levels.

Implement an electronic global 

health, safety and environment 

(HSE) management system 

to streamline data capture, 

analyse data, and develop 

intervention programmes.

Invest in technologies to mitigate 

risk and drive improvements in 

safety performance.

SDGs

Topics

Management systems

Hazard identification, 

risk assessment and 

incident investigation

Occupational health services

Worker participation, 

consultation and communication 

Worker training 

and communication

Promotion of worker health 

56 

 




Overview

Safety is a core value at Keppel, an integral 

part of our business, and a key focus area for 

our board of directors and senior management. 

We are committed to provide a safe and 

healthy workplace for all our stakeholders. 

Processes and systems are in place to 

identify, mitigate and report risks and 

communicate best practices across the 

Group, and we work with our contractors 

and subcontractors to ensure that 

they understand our requirements 

and expectations.

Management Approach

GRI 102-13 | 103-1 | 103-2 | 103-3 | 403-1 |  

403-2 | 403-3 | 403-4 | 403-5 | 403-6 | 403-7  

We focus on strengthening our frameworks 

and management systems as well as 

promoting a culture of safety ownership 

across our operations. 

Strategy, Policy &amp; Management Systems 

Our approach to safety management is 

guided by the Keppel Zero Fatality Strategy. 

Introduced in 2016, the strategy outlines 

actionable items to reduce workplace 

fatalities to zero through five strategic thrusts. 

Key initiatives in 2018 include the following: 

• Held over 200 safety leadership coaching 

programmes globally to train and 

empower frontline managers. 

• Implemented the new incident 

investigation and root cause analysis 

training programme in Singapore.   

• Reinforced the five key safety principles 

and life-saving rules through campaigns. 

• Reviewed potential safety risks for 

projects in the next quarter. 

• Developed the global HIRA standards 

that will apply to the Group’s 

operations worldwide. 

The effectiveness of our management 

approach is reviewed regularly. During the 

annual HSE roundtable, senior management 

from our businesses share insights, 

best practices and exchange ideas to 

improve safety performance. The action 

plan generated during the session is 

incorporated into the Group’s safety 

roadmap and strategies. 

All employees and contractors at the 

worksites of Group companies where Keppel 

has operational control are covered by our 

HSE management systems. All employees and 

third-party suppliers and contractors are also 

expected to abide by the Keppel Corporation 

HSE policy which places the highest priority 

on the health and safety of people and the 

protection of assets and the environment. 

Our safety management system is routinely 

audited by independent consultants as 

well as internal audit teams. For example, 

Keppel Offshore &amp; Marine’s (Keppel O&amp;M) 

cross-business unit audit ensures that 

policies and management systems are 

adhered to and that practices across our 

global yards are aligned. 

Our business units also strive to achieve 

safety certifications in line with global best 

practices. Keppel FELS, Keppel Shipyard and 

Keppel Singmarine are certified to meet the 

Keppel  

Zero Fatality  

Strategy

Adopt a proactive  

approach to safety 

management

Harmonise  

global safety practices  

&amp; competency

Leverage  

technology to mitigate  

safety risks

Streamline  

learning from  

incidents

Build a  

high-performance  

safety culture

Training

&gt;200  

Safety leadership coaching 

programmes conducted globally.

Investment

$26m 

Invested to enhance safety-related 

infrastructure, upgrade systems and 

build knowledge and skillsets across 

the Group.

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 57




Safety &amp; Health

Empowering Lives

Singapore standard for occupational safety 

and health management system, while our 

yards in Brazil, China, the Philippines and 

the United States are certified to meet the 

OHSAS 18001 occupational health and 

safety assessment series and ISO 14001 

environmental management system.

Keppel Land’s Singapore, China, Indonesia 

and Vietnam units as well as Keppel 

Infrastructure and its key subsidiaries, 

including Keppel Seghers Engineering 

Singapore and Keppel DHCS, are certified 

to meet OHSAS 18001 and ISO 14001.

In addition to being certified under 

OHSAS 18001 and ISO 14001, 

Keppel Logistics is certified to meet the 

hazard analysis and critical control point 

management system. Keppel Datahub and 

Keppel Digihub are also certified to meet the 

Singapore standard for information and 

communications technology disaster 

recovery services.

As part of continuous improvement efforts, 

we are working to meet the requirements 

under the new ISO 45001 occupational 

health and safety management system, 

which provides a robust set of processes 

for improving safety in global supply chains. 

Board &amp; Management Oversight 

Keppel Corporation is the first publicly 

listed company in Singapore to establish 

a board safety committee (BSC) in 2006.

Chaired by Tan Ek Kia, a non-executive and 

independent director of Keppel Corporation, 

the BSC adopts a hands-on approach 

in setting the strategic direction and 

establishing a safety framework to ensure 

that consistently high safety standards 

are maintained across our business units. 

Major incidents are also shared and 

discussed at quarterly BSC meetings.

The BSC leads efforts to implement 

initiatives and improve performance with 

the support of the inter-strategic business 

unit safety committee, which comprises 

representatives from all our business units. 

Keppel Corporation’s BSC and the BSCs of 

our business units conducted six site visits 

in Singapore and overseas in 2018 to engage 

staff and understand challenges faced by 

staff on the ground. 

Hazard Identification &amp; Risk Assessment 

Across the Group, we establish and 

implement procedures to identify, assess 

and mitigate safety and health hazards 

that are linked to our operations. 

As part of hazard identification and 

risk management, our operational and 

safety teams conduct periodic workplace 

inspections and internal audits. Training 

is conducted to equip HSE personnel 

with the skills to effectively manage safety 

risks. Union workers and subcontractor 

representatives are invited to participate in 

meetings where the identification of hazards, 

58 

 


assessment of risks and the application of 

control measures are discussed1. 

As part of Keppel’s five key safety principles, 

workers are empowered to stop any unsafe 

work. Workers are protected from reprisal 

when they report work-related hazards and 

hazardous situations.  

Findings from our risk assessments are 

considered in the determination of facility 

requirements, training programmes 

and operational controls. In terms of 

product safety, we adhere to design for 

safety regulations for our construction 

projects and comply with work environment 

requirements for the rigs and vessels 

that we build. Our hazard identification 

and risk assessment methodology is 

reviewed regularly to ensure effectiveness 

and relevance. 

Leveraging technology to drive improvements 

is a key pillar of our Zero Fatality Strategy. 

Group HSE is collaborating with Keppel 

Technology and Innovation to explore 

the use of video analytics and business 

intelligence to harness data from hazard 

reporting, observations and inspections. 

 Read more about how the Group utilises 

technology to enhance safety measures  

on page 63.  

To protect workers from potential health 

hazards, hearing conservation and 

respiratory protection programmes are 

implemented at at-risk sites. To protect 

against noise-induced hearing loss, 

employees with high exposure to noise 

wear hearing protection gear and are 

screened at annual audiometric tests 

conducted by a mobile medical unit. 

1 

Representatives include members from the 

Keppel FELS employees union and the subcontractors 

executive council safety committees at Keppel FELS; 

Keppel employees union and subcontractor watch 

group at Keppel Shipyard; Keppel Subic Shipyard 

workers union and supervisory professional 

technical union at Keppel Subic Shipyard; Christian 

Labour Organisation and associated professional, 

supervisory, office and technical employees union 

at Keppel Batangas Shipyard; metallurgic union 

of Angra dos Reis at Keppel FELS Brasil; Keppel 

employees union and Singapore industrial and 

services employees’ union at Keppel Infrastructure.



The Keppel Group Safety 

Convention is held annually 

to reiterate Keppel’s 

commitment to a strong 

safety culture.

Group HSE Structure

Board Safety Committee

Management Safety Committee

Department Heads

Project/Line Managers

Health, Safety &amp;  

Environment Committee

Group Health, Safety &amp;  

Environment Division

Inter-Strategic Business Unit 

Safety Committee

KEPPEL CORPORATION  

BOARD SAFETY COMMITTEE

Business Unit Level

During the daily Take 5 toolbox talk, 

workers are briefed on work-specific 

hazards including ergonomics in material 

handling. A fit test is conducted to ensure 

that respirators used are in good condition 

and correctly fit the user.

Promotion of Worker Health

It is mandatory for all workers, including 

contract workers, to be covered by work 

injury compensation insurance prior to 

working at our shipyards. In-house medical 

centres are also located in all our shipyards. 

Our contractors partner with clinics to 

provide contract workers with access to 

medical care.

Keppel also promotes the wellness of its 

workforce through programmes that address 

physical and mental health-related risks. 

Voluntary health promotion programmes 

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 59


Safety &amp; Health

Empowering Lives

on safety measures and best practices. 

In 2018, we invested approximately 

$26 million in enhancing safety-related 

infrastructure, upgrading systems and 

building knowledge and skillsets across 

the Group.

Plans are underway for all workers to 

undergo HIRA training. The syllabus 

covers high-risk activities specific to 

work sites.

All personnel entering a Keppel 

operated site must attend a site-specific 

safety induction to gain familiarity 

on the basic safety requirements and 

potentially hazardous on-site activities 

or situations.

The Keppel safety training centre at 

Keppel Shipyard in Singapore offers 

a complete range of training and 

certification courses in both trade-specific 

and broad-based skills for all levels of 

the workforce. The centre is equipped 

with classrooms, an e-learning zone, 

and a hall with multimedia and interactive 

training stations. It also features a life-size 

replica of the mid-section of a tanker 

with various technical training areas. 

Core competency and leadership 

development programmes, as well as 

workforce skills qualifications courses 

certified by the Singapore Workforce 

Development Agency, are some of 

the key training modules conducted 

by qualified, full-time instructors at 

the centre. 

In Brazil, BrasFELS opened a new training 

centre in 2018. The centre is equipped with 

two auditoriums, a classroom for practical 

safety training and a showroom where 

participants can learn more about HIRA 

at the shipyard. 

Keppel Land’s safety awareness centres 

in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam; Johor Bahru, 

Malaysia; Jakarta, Indonesia and Tianjin, 

China, provide mandatory training for 

contractors’ employees and foster a safety 

culture across Keppel Land’s supply chain. 

In August 2018, Keppel Land launched the 

company’s first mobile safety awareness 

centre in Wuxi, China. The new mobile centre 

is compact and suitable for deployment at 

offices and worksites.

To promote safer driving, Keppel Logistics 

organises defensive driving courses for 

its drivers.

Engaging Stakeholders  

We work closely with all stakeholders, 

including our contractors, subcontractors, 

customers, suppliers, regulators and 

industry associations, to maintain high 

safety standards throughout our 

workforce. Our subcontract workers 

undergo the same training as 

direct employees. 

Members of Keppel’s management and 

safety representatives sit on various 

committees of the Workplace Safety 

and Health (WSH) Council, such as the 

WSH (Marine Industries) committee, 

and services across the Group include the 

promotion of a smoking cessation hotline, 

healthy snacks in pantries and canteens, as 

well as fitness classes. Workers’ dormitories 

are also equipped with gyms. 

Keppel O&amp;M conducts regular dormitory 

visits to engage workers on health and 

safety issues. Keppel Shipyard offers 

holistic health and medical services and 

is equipped with a pharmacy, counselling 

rooms and designated rest areas. 

To provide workers with a conducive 

environment to rest during breaks, 

Keppel Shipyard built three 4-storey 

rest areas. Each rest area accommodates 

up to 2,000 workers.

The Keppel wellness gallery at 

Keppel Shipyard features interactive 

health exhibits to educate employees 

on the importance of having proper 

nutrition, an active lifestyle and good 

mental health.

Several of the Group’s companies, 

namely Keppel FELS, Keppel Shipyard, 

Keppel Offshore &amp; Marine Technology 

Centre, Keppel Housing and City Gas, 

were recognised for their outstanding 

workplace health promotion practices at 

the biennial Singapore HEALTH (Helping 

Employees Achieve Life-Time Health) 

Awards in 2017.

Building Skillsets 

We empower and train our stakeholders 

to ensure that all personnel are updated 



1

60 

 


WSH (construction and landscape) 

committee, national work at height 

safety taskforce, and related industrial 

associations such as the Association 

of Singapore Marine Industries and 

Real Estate Developers' Association 

of Singapore.

As bizSAFE partners, Keppel DHCS, 

Keppel Seghers Engineering Singapore, 

Keppel FELS, Keppel Shipyard and 

Keppel Singmarine actively encourage 

contractors to progress through the levels 

of the bizSAFE programme. Since 2013, 

Keppel Shipyard has imposed a bizSAFE 

Level 4 certification requirement for 

resident contractors before they are 

able to undertake work at the yard. 

As a bizSAFE mentor, Keppel Land 

encourages contractors to develop 

and implement safety initiatives at their 

workplaces. Prior to their appointment, 

Keppel Land’s main contractors must 

be confirmed as bizSAFE partners, and 

ensure that their subcontractors meet 

the standards set by the WSH Council. 

Performance

GRI 403-2 | 403-9

In accordance with the company’s HSE 

policy, business units are required to report 

and investigate all accidents, incidents 

and near misses, and ensure that lessons 

learnt are shared to prevent any recurrence. 

All Group companies where Keppel has 

operational control are required to report 

incidents, including those that involve 

third parties such as contractors, clients 

and visitors at our premises, as well as 

employees working at third party sites or 

commuting for work-related purposes.

At worksites, stand-downs are conducted 

when incidents occur or when hazards 

are spotted. Reportable incidents and 

near misses are also promptly reported 

to senior management. 



In 2018, the Group reported a total accident 

severity rate (ASR) of 63 man-days lost 

per million man-hours, a decrease from 

last year, and a total AFR of 0.25 accidents 

per million man-hours in 2018, an increase 

from last year2. 

Direct Workforce

Contract Workforce

Total

2018

AFR (reportable accidents per million man-hours)

0.27

0.23

0.25

ASR (man-days lost per million man-hours)

6

101

63

Fatal injury rate (fatal injury per 100,000 employed persons)

0

4.4

2.7

Number of man-hours

40,708,241

65,307,115

106,015,356

2017

AFR (reportable accidents per million man-hours)

0.12

0.09

0.10

ASR (man-days lost per million man-hours)

233

80

140

Fatal injury rate (fatal injury per 100,000 employed persons)

11.1

3.6

6.5

Number of man-hours

51,968,923

79,087,378

131,056,301

2016

AFR (reportable accidents per million man-hours)

0

0.14

0.15

 

ASR (man-days lost per million man-hours)

295

230

254

Fatal injury rate (fatal injury per 100,000 employed persons)

13.7

10.9

12

 

Number of man-hours

62,851,897

105,712,508

168,564,405

Despite our best efforts, we suffered one 

fatality of a contractor. The incident was 

associated with steel fabrication works in 

one of our Singapore shipyards. We are 

deeply saddened by the loss of our colleague 

and have thoroughly investigated the root 

1

Keppel Land launched 

the company’s first mobile 

safety awareness centre 

in China (pictured), which 

will be deployed at offices 

and worksites. 

2

We aim to ingrain safety 

consciousness among 

all our stakeholders.  

2

2

Accident Frequency Rate (AFR) =

no. of workplace accidents reported

x 1,000,000

no. of man-hours worked

Accident Severity Rate (ASR) 

=

no. of man-days lost to workplace accidents

x 1,000,000

no. of man-hours worked

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 61


Safety &amp; Health

Empowering Lives

causes, which were related to working in 

the line of fire and lifting. We determined 

the contributing factors and identified steps 

to prevent similar incidents in the future. 

Lessons learnt were shared across 

the Group. 

The Group reported a total of 26 safety 

incidents3 in 2018, of which 10 incidents 

were reported by our direct workforce and 

16 incidents by our contract workforce. 

The reported incidents have been classified 

as the following types: 

• caught between

• fall on same level

• fall from height

• struck by

• contact with

• heat stroke

• road traffic accident 

Two of the 26 incidents resulted in 

amputations, and both the affected 

employees received insurance payouts 

under the work injury compensation 

scheme4. Following investigations, 

corrective actions and preventive 

measures have been implemented at 

the two affected worksites. This includes 

the installation of barriers at Keppel 

Telecommunications &amp; Transportation 

to segregate vehicle and human traffic 

at entrances. The safe work procedure 

methodology at Keppel Infrastructure 

was also revised for processes involving 

the alignment of pipes. 

All work-related incidents are jointly 

investigated by the operational and 

safety teams. Where appropriate, 

an independent team is set up to 

investigate fatal and high potential 

incidents. All incident investigations 

include an account of the events leading 

up to the incident, how it occurred and 

post-incident actions, as well as a root 

cause analysis and corrective action plan 

to prevent recurrence. 

All of the Group’s operational entities 

monitor occurrences of occupational 

disease at their individual sites. 

No occurrence of occupational 

disease was reported in 2018. 

Recognition

The Group was conferred 28 WSH Awards 

in 2018 by Singapore’s Ministry of Manpower 

and the WSH Council. This is the highest 

number of awards won by a single 

organisation in the year. 

Of the 28 awards, Keppel O&amp;M received 

22 awards under the Safety and Health 

Award Recognition for Projects (SHARP) 



As part of a global safety 

time-out event, employees 

across our global worksites 

simultaneously stopped 

work and participated in 

toolbox briefings. 

category. Keppel FELS, Keppel Singmarine 

and Keppel DHCS clinched the WSH 

Performance Awards for exemplary 

safety performance and implementation 

of strong WSH management systems.

Enhancing Communication 

Keppel’s five key safety principles are 

widely publicised to ingrain safety 

consciousness among all stakeholders. 

The Group HSE Alerts system was 

established to better disseminate 

lessons learnt globally and ensure that 

preventive measures are taken promptly. 

On 23 October 2018, over 500 board 

members, management, employees, 

union members, contractors and 

subcontractors, partners, and business 

associates reaffirmed their collective 

commitment to safety at the 12th edition 

of the Keppel Group safety convention. 

The convention saw the continuation 

of the annual Keppel Group safety 

awards and also recognised 35 safety 

innovation projects.

As part of a global safety time-out 

event, employees across our 

global worksites simultaneously 

stopped work and participated in 

activities such as toolbox briefings 

and sharing sessions.

3 

A workplace accident that results in the injury of an employee who is given more than three consecutive days of medical leave or hospitalised for at least 24 hours;  

and a workplace accident that results in the injury of a self-employed person or non-employee who receives treatment in hospital.

4 

A high-consequence work-related injury is defined as an injury which resulted in the affected worker being compensated with an insurance payout.

62 

 




Utilising drone technology, 

Keppel is able to safely and 

efficiently inspect, analyse 

and provide repair support 

in high-risk and difficult to 

access areas.

alarm to continuously monitor the gas status 

within confined spaces. This reduces the 

risks associated with confined space entry 

to a considerable extent. 

At Keppel Merlimau Cogen, a pre-loading 

sampling device was designed to ensure 

that tank valves are only opened when the 

device detects the correct chemical based 

on its conductivity, eliminating the risk of 

incompatible chemicals being loaded into 

the wrong tanks, which could otherwise 

cause adverse reactions and major 

disruption to operations.

Moving forward, the safety team will continue 

collaborating with Keppel Technology and 

Innovation to explore the use of video analytics 

and business intelligence to harness data from 

hazard reporting, observations and inspections.

In developing innovative and effective safety 

solutions, we aim to improve work processes 

and enhance safety. 

The use of drone technology enables us to 

safely and efficiently inspect, analyse and 

provide repair support in high-risk and 

difficult to access areas. 

Keppel O&amp;M has teamed up with industry 

partners to develop a hub-and-spoke 

system of unmanned drones that can 

conduct inspection, repair and maintenance 

work, and seabed mining at depths of 

5,000 m. The use of drones to inspect 

difficult to access parts of vessels and rigs, 

such as the jackup rig’s legs, side-shell 

of the external hull, derrick and cranes, 

eliminates the need for workers to operate 

at height. 

Drones are also used at Keppel Infrastructure’s 

Keppel Marina East Desalination Plant 

to regularly capture aerial photos of the 

construction site to help inform progress 

reports and identify safety issues.

At some of Keppel Land’s projects in 

Tianjin and Jakarta, surveillance cameras 

with pan-tilt-zoom capabilities are installed 

at strategic locations around the work sites. 

Images from these cameras can be streamed 

and viewed on a computer or mobile device 

anytime. This allows project managers 

to monitor site construction progress as 

well as identify potential safety issues in 

a cost-effective manner.

To reduce the risk of working in hazardous 

conditions, Keppel Shipyard has developed 

a gas monitoring system equipped with an 

Safety Innovations 

Across the Keppel Group, we continue to develop innovative solutions  

to enhance safety.

Special Focus

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 63


Labour Practices &amp; Human Rights

Empowering Lives



We are committed to  

fair employment practices,  

upholding human rights 

principles and investing 

in developing and 

training our people.

2018 Performance

Conducted the Keppel Global 

Employee Engagement Pulse 

Survey, where 87% of employees 

surveyed indicated that they 

would “go beyond the norm” to 

contribute to Keppel’s success. 

Formalised the Corporate 

Statement on Diversity 

and Inclusion. 

Launched a digital learning 

platform for staff to enable 

self-directed learning, learning 

on-the-go and social learning.

Recorded an average of 

27.1 hours of training 

per employee, an increase 

from 22.6 hours in 2017.

2019 Targets

Conduct the Keppel Global 

Employee Engagement 

Survey to track employee 

engagement levels. 

Continue to promote diversity 

and equal opportunity in 

the workplace. 

Continue to empower our 

workforce through tech-enabled 

and self-paced training 

programmes and achieve an 

average of over 20 hours of 

training per employee globally.

2018 Targets

Continue to conduct the 

Keppel Global Employee 

Engagement Pulse Survey 

to track employee 

engagement levels. 

Continue to promote diversity 

and equal opportunity in 

the workplace. 

Further develop our workforce 

through tech-enabled and 

self-paced training programmes.

SDGs

Topics

Fair employment

Diversity and equal opportunity

Non-discrimination

Training and education

64 

 




Overview

People are our most valuable asset. 

We respect and uphold human rights 

principles, adhere to fair employment 

practices, and invest in developing and 

training our workforce. In doing so, we 

enhance our ability to attract and retain 

the best talent and grow the capabilities 

of our people. 

Our total workforce across more than 

20 countries was 18,778 as at end-2018. 

The figure comprises full and part-time 

permanent employees and excludes 

our contractor workforce. 

Our Global Workforce 

GRI 102-8 | 202-2 

Distribution by Region

Foreigners

Local Hires1

Foreigners

Local Hires1

Employees (%)

Senior Management2 (%)

Singapore

Asia (excluding 

Singapore) &amp; Australia

Americas

Middle East 

Europe

Total

%

50.0

10.1

8.7

0.8

100.0

30.4

No. of Employees

9,374

1,899

1,638

158

18,778

5,709

63.9

36.1

7.4

99.4

3.8

42.0

92.6

0.6

96.2

58.0

0.8

99.2

11.4

88.6

64.3

100.0

36.4

30.3

35.7

0.0

63.6

69.7

43.4

56.6

Distribution by Segment

Corporate Office

Offshore &amp; Marine

Property

Infrastructure

Investments

Total

Contract

Permanent

Employment Type (%)

%

2.9

No. of Employees

545

10.3

89.7

16.4

14.5

1.2

100.0

65.0

3,086

2,715

216

18,778

12,216

14.2

28.9

0.9

8.2

2.7

85.8

71.1

99.1

91.8

97.3

We believe that hiring from local 

communities1 enhances our ability to 

understand local needs, and strengthens 

our capabilities on the ground. We also 

develop talents locally to assume management 

positions. Across our business units, 

69.7% of senior management2 and 58.0% 

of our employees are citizens or permanent 

residents of the countries in which  

they work.

The data reported in this section takes 

into account significant subsidiaries and 

associated companies in which the Group 

has a stake that is equivalent to 51% or more.

1 Locals are defined as citizens or permanent residents of the country in which they work.

2 Senior management is defined as the top three individuals within each operating business unit with the highest levels of executive management.

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 65


Labour Practices &amp; Human Rights

Empowering Lives

Management Approach

GRI 102-41 | 103-1 | 103-2 | 103-3 | 401-2 |  

401-3 | 404-3 | 406-1 

Fair Employment 

The ability to attract and retain talent is key 

to our business. We adopt fair employment 

practices and comply with local labour 

regulations across our global operations, 

as well as minimum wage laws, where 

such laws exist. We endorse Singapore’s 

Tripartite Guidelines on Fair Employment 

Practices and the Employers’ Pledge of 

Fair Employment Practices. 

Globally, 3,037 people were hired in 2018. 

Overall voluntary turnover rate was 12.7%, 

a decrease from 13.4% in 2017. 

Keppel supports re-employability beyond the 

statutory retirement age. Eligible employees 

are offered post-retirement employment 

opportunities in Keppel, in line with the 

Singapore Tripartite Guidelines on the 

Re-employment of Older Employees. 

As at 31 December 2018, there were 

216 re-employed staff in the Group, 

of which 65 were re-employed in 2018.

New Hires 

GRI 401-1  

No. of Employees 

(Executive &amp; Above)

%

Total

3,037

100.0

Singapore

1,275

42.0

Asia (excluding Singapore) &amp; Australia   

1,292

42.6

Americas

64

2.1

Middle East  

378

12.4

Europe

28

0.9

Gender (%)

Age Group (Executive &amp; Above) (%)

Male

Female

&lt;30  

years old

30 to 39 

years old

40 to 49 

years old 

50 years old 

&amp; above

Overall

62.9

37.1

40.4

40.4

11.3

7.9

Corporate Office

33.3

66.7

50.8

31.6

12.3

5.3

Offshore &amp; Marine

80.6

19.4

41.3

40.1

12.4

6.2

Property

53.3

46.7

39.4

48.9

9.8

1.9

Infrastructure 

58.9

41.1

38.7

31.1

8.7

21.5

Investments

53.1

46.9

36.7

30.6

24.5

8.2

Compensation &amp; Benefits 

Keppel subscribes to a pay-for-performance 

philosophy. We believe this drives ownership 

of collective goals and leads to a high 

performance culture that creates long-term 

shareholder value. 

Opportunities for advancement, promotion, 

recognition, compensation, training and 

other conditions of employment are 

provided based on merit. Performance 

reviews are conducted for permanent 

employees. The process, undertaken jointly 

by the employee and supervisor, entails the 

setting of targets and a review of these 

targets on an annual basis.

Our employees in Singapore and overseas 

are provided with a comprehensive range 

of benefits that may include paid vacation 

leave, medical benefits and group insurance 

plans. In Singapore, part-time employees are 

entitled to similar benefits on a pro-rata basis.

Eligible female employees in Singapore are 

entitled to a maximum of 16 weeks of paid 

maternity leave, while eligible male employees 

in Singapore are entitled to a maximum 

of two weeks of paid paternity leave, 

in accordance with the Singapore Ministry 

of Manpower’s legislation. In Singapore, 

we had a 100% return to work rate for 

the 49 female employees who went on 

maternity leave.

The Keppel Group adheres to the respective 

social security contribution or pension 

plan obligations of the countries in which 

we operate. In Singapore, the Central 

Provident Fund (CPF) is a comprehensive 

social security savings plan that enables 

salaried Singapore citizens and permanent 

residents to set aside funds to work towards 

a secure retirement. Under the CPF scheme, 

Keppel and its employees make monthly 

contributions to the employees’ CPF 

accounts in accordance with the 

prevailing regulations. 

Human Rights

We uphold and respect the fundamental 

principles set out in the United Nations (UN) 

Universal Declaration of Human Rights and 

the International Labour Organisation’s 

66 

 


declaration on fundamental principles 

and rights at work. Our approach to 

human rights is informed and guided 

by general concepts from the UN Guiding 

Principles on Business and Human Rights. 

Keppel Corporation is a signatory of the 

UN Global Compact and is committed 

to the Compact's 10 universal principles, 

which include principles on human rights 

and labour practices.

We have zero tolerance for unethical labour 

practices such as child labour, forced labour, 

slavery and human trafficking in all of our 

operations. Our suppliers are expected 

to abide by the Keppel supplier code of 

conduct, which holds them accountable 

for responsible labour practices in 

their operations. 

Our commitment to human rights is 

supported by our Employee Code of Conduct, 

which sets the tone in relation to the Group’s 

stance against discrimination on any basis. 

Our stance on human rights is articulated in 

our corporate statement on human rights 

which is publicly available online. 

Turnover1

GRI 401-1  

2016

2017

2018

No. of Employees

3,868

2,872

2,381

Turnover Rate2(%)

12.3

13.4

12.7

No. of Employees 

(Executive &amp; Above)

Turnover Rate2 

(Executive &amp; Above)(%)

By Region

Total

987

14.1

Singapore

494

12.4

Asia (excluding Singapore) &amp; Australia   

459

22.7

Americas

29

7.1

Middle East  

2

0.4

Europe

3

1.9

No. of Employees 

(Executive &amp; Above)

% of Total Turnover

By Gender

Male

632

63.6

Female

355

36.4

By Age Group

&lt;30 years old

277

28.1

30 to 39 years old

476

48.2

40 to 49 years old

161

16.3

50 years old &amp; above

73

7.4

1 Turnover is defined as the total number of employees who leave the organisation voluntarily. It does not take into 

account employees who leave due to completion of contracts, dismissal, retirement or death in service.

2 The turnover rate is defined as the percentage of employees who leave the organisation voluntarily. It does not 

take into account turnover due to completion of contracts, dismissal, retirement or death in service.

Collective Bargaining

Unions are our partners and we place great 

emphasis on maintaining a harmonious 

and collaborative relationship with them. 

Approximately 28.9% of our global workforce 

are bargainable employees covered by 

collective agreements.

Guidelines are in place for the appropriate 

management of grievance cases. For unionised 

companies, employee grievances are resolved 

according to the grievance handling protocol 

spelt out in the respective agreements. 

All registered grievances are investigated 

and tracked through to final closure. In the 

case of a grievance, our management and 

the union will undertake every reasonable 

effort to resolve the grievance promptly. 

Across our businesses worldwide, there were 

no reported cases of workplace grievances3 

in 2018. 

3 

Workplace grievance is defined by Singapore’s 

Ministry of Manpower as discontent or the feeling 

of being victimised at work.

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 67


Labour Practices &amp; Human Rights

Empowering Lives

Diversity &amp; Inclusion

We believe that people should have access 

to the same opportunities regardless of 

ethnicity, gender, religious beliefs, nationality, 

age or any physical disability. Our stance 

on diversity and inclusion is articulated in 

our corporate statement on diversity and 

inclusion, which was formalised in early 

2019, and is publicly available online.  

Our hiring policies ensure equal employment 

opportunities for all. Our employment statistics, 

reviewed regularly, illustrate the diversity of 

our workforce. As at 31 December 2018, 

19.4% of our employees are female, compared 

to 17.8% in 2017. We recognise that there 

are certain segments in our businesses, such 

as offshore and marine, which tend to attract 

larger proportions of male employees due 

to the nature of the jobs. At our corporate 

office and in certain segments of our 

businesses, such as investments, more 

than half of our employees are female. 

In addition, 42% of the Heads of Departments 

at Keppel Corporation’s Corporate Office 

are females as of end-2018. 

There were no reported incidences of 

discrimination raised by our employees 

in 2018.

Training &amp; Development

GRI 404-1 | 404-2 

We empower employees through learning 

and development programmes and encourage 

them to reach their full potential. The overall 

average training hours per employee for our 

key operations in Singapore was approximately 

29.4 hours. Globally, the overall average 

training hours per employee was approximately 

27.1 hours, with an average of 23.5 hours 

for females and 28 hours for males4.

Keppel Corporation’s Group Human Resources 

drives and coordinates efforts across the 

business units to ensure consistency 

in processes such as performance 

management and talent management. 

In 2018, we launched an online learning 

management system that enables 

employees in Singapore to engage in 

self-directed and social learning across 

a range of business topics.  

Leadership Programmes

Keppel Leadership Institute, headquartered in 

Singapore, offers a diverse range of leadership 

and development programmes, delivered in 

modular and blended approaches. These 

programmes are designed in consultation 

with senior management and are regularly 

refreshed to suit the Group’s evolving needs. 

Over 160 employees have participated in the 

institute’s leadership programmes since 2015.

4 Training hours reported in this section excludes 

on-the-job training.

Employee Demographics

GRI 102-8 | 405-1 

Distribution by Gender (%)

Male

Female

Overall

80.6

19.4

By Region

Singapore

85.0

15.0

Asia (excluding Singapore) &amp; Australia

66.5

33.5

Americas

86.7

13.3

Middle East  

97.3

2.7

Europe

67.1

32.9

By Segment

Corporate Office

43.1

56.9

Offshore &amp; Marine

90.9

9.1

Property

52.7

47.3

Infrastructure 

76.6

23.4

Investments

40.3

59.7

By Employment Type

Permanent

81.5

18.5

Contract

73.2

26.8

Distribution by Age Group (%)

&lt;30  

years old

30 to 39 

years old

40 to 49 

years old 

50 years old 

&amp; above

Overall

23.1

39.9

23.2

13.8

By Segment

Corporate Office

19.4

33.1

31.2

16.3

Offshore &amp; Marine

22.8

41.4

21.8

14.0

Property

25.3

40.6

24.6

9.5

Infrastructure 

22.9

33.8

26.0

17.3

Investments

18.9

43.3

27.2

10.6

Distribution by Educational Qualification (%)

Post-

graduate

Bachelor's 

Degree

Post 

Secondary/

Pre-U/ 

Vocational

Secondary

Primary  

&amp; below

Overall

4.8

25.9

29.6

31.8

7.9

By Segment

Corporate Office

12.1

47.4

31.1

1.3

8.1

Offshore &amp; Marine

3.7

18.4

29.3

37.9

10.7

Property

6.5

44.2

29.9

18.4

1.0

Infrastructure 

5.3

31.7

31.3

27.7

4.0

Investments

18.9

67.3

12.9

0.0

0.9

68 

 


About 200 employees are part of the 

Keppel Young Leaders programme, 

which is the Group’s platform to nurture 

young talents. Members of the programme 

are given opportunities to lead high-impact 

projects with guidance from senior 

management across the Group. Activities 

undertaken by Keppel Young Leaders in 

2018 include the Keppel Tech Symposium, 

Keppel Young Leaders Week as well 

as dialogue sessions with eminent 

external speakers. 

Separately, the Keppel associate programme 

offers young talents opportunities for 

leadership development through a series 

of job rotations and structured learning.

Industry Programmes 

The Group makes significant investments to 

equip employees with up-to-date operational 

skills and certifications. We support employees 

at all levels of the company in furthering their 

education. In 2018, the Group sponsored 

19 employees in pursuing further studies. 

In 2018, Keppel Offshore &amp; Marine 

(Keppel O&amp;M) signed a memorandum of 

understanding with the National University 

of Singapore to offer employees training 

places in an extensive range of academic 

modules and curated executive programmes. 

For example, employees will be able to pick up 

new skills in data analytics, robotics, process 

engineering and environment engineering.

Keppel O&amp;M’s technical associate and 

assistant technical associate schemes 

are offered in collaboration with the Institute 

of Technical Education. The two-year 

work-and-study programme includes 

classroom learning, practical skills training, 

on-the-job training and soft skills training. 

In 2018, seven students participated in 

the programme. 

Average Training Hours by Employee Category (hrs)

Senior Management

30.8

Managerial

31.4

Executive

25.1

Non-Executive

26.2

Industrial/General

28.2

In partnership with the Singapore government, 

the Group supports the Singapore-industry 

scholarship which sponsors Singapore 

citizens pursuing their undergraduate 

studies in areas related to Singapore’s 

strategic sectors. In 2018, the Group 

supported two students in the programme. 

Employee Engagement

Celebrating 50 Years

As 2018 marked Keppel Corporation’s  

50th anniversary, a series of activities, 

including the Keppel 50 Charity Run, were 

held to commemorate this occasion and 

also to engage staff. A $200 cash gift was 

given to each of Keppel’s approximately 

20,000 staff in Singapore and overseas, 

in appreciation of their hard work 

and dedication. 

Employee Engagement Survey

We conducted the Keppel Global Employee 

Engagement Pulse Survey in 2018. 

The survey achieved a strong response 

rate of 94% from a sample size of over 

5,000 employees. The Group achieved a 

high engagement score, with 87% of 

employees surveyed indicating that they 

would “go beyond the norm” to contribute 

to Keppel’s success. 

Enhancing Communication

Various staff engagement initiatives are 

organised throughout the year to enhance 

communication between management and 

staff. The fourth edition of the Global 

Keppelites Forum, a group-wide town hall 

meeting, was held in February 2018. The 

event, which was also broadcast online, 

reached out to over 2,000 employees in 

over 70 locations globally.

During the session, Loh Chin Hua, 

Chief Executive Officer of Keppel Corporation, 

shared on the Group’s overall performance, 

Training &amp; Development

500,000hrs

Invested in training our employees, 

including leveraging digital platforms 

for faster and better reach.

Local Hires

69.7%

Of senior management are hired from 

local communities. 

Training Hours per Employee (hrs)

2016

2017

2018

Global

25.3

22.6

27.1

Singapore

29.8

22.9

29.4

Training

GRI 404-1

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 69




Labour Practices &amp; Human Rights

Empowering Lives

strategy and priorities. Employees also took 

this opportunity to pose questions to a panel 

comprising senior management from across 

the Keppel Group. 

Employees are updated on company 

developments at regular staff dialogue 

sessions. Orientation sessions for new hires 

in 2018 included dialogue sessions with 

senior management. New hires are also 

assigned mentors who help them assimilate 

and guide their professional development. 

Building Strong Teams 

We believe that cohesive teams are integral 

to a productive workforce. We continue 

to build camaraderie among employees 

through various platforms, such as 

Keppel Games, a series of sports 

competitions initiated by Keppelite 

Recreation Club, as well as volunteer 

activities organised by Keppel Volunteers. 

Supporting National Defence 

As a company headquartered in Singapore, 

we believe in contributing towards 

Singapore’s national security. National 

Service (NS) is a vital component 

of national defence, and we support 

our employees’ NS commitments. 

Keppel Corporation was awarded the 

NS Advocate Award for Large Companies 

at the Total Defence Awards organised by 

Singapore’s Ministry of Defence in 2018. 

The Award, conferred for a period of three 

years, is the highest accolade acknowledging 

businesses for their exemplary support 

towards Total Defence and in particular, NS.

Workforce Wellness 

We are committed to the well-being of our 

entire workforce. This includes foreign workers 

who live and work away from their families. 

Keppel O&amp;M provides high-quality 

dormitories for our directly employed 

foreign workers in Singapore. These 

dormitories offer a range of amenities and 

recreational facilities. Activities, such as 

talent search competitions, are organised 

to promote harmonious living and bonding. 

Keppel Housing, which houses our yards’ 

direct workers, provides counselling services, 

including a 24-hour emergency helpline, 

to look after our workers’ mental and 

emotional well-being. 

Other welfare initiatives organised by our 

business units include lunchtime talks, health 

screening exercises and fitness classes.

We build cohesive teams 

and forge camaraderie 

through participation in 

the National Day Parade 

marching contingent. 

70 

 


Driving collaboration as OneKeppel

In the spirit of strengthening collaboration, the Group’s flagship address at  

Keppel Bay Tower underwent a transformation to an agile workplace configuration.

Special Focus



A staircase across 

three floors connects 

Keppel Corporation, 

Keppel Capital, 

Keppel Technology 

and Innovation, and 

Keppel Leadership 

Institute. Bright and 

open collaborative 

spaces surrounding 

the staircase landing 

allow for spontaneous 

breakout discussions 

among employees. 

Employees from Keppel Corporation rolled 

out the welcome mat and pulled back the 

curtains on a brand new renovated smart 

office in December 2018, as they welcomed 

colleagues from Keppel Capital and Keppel 

Land under one roof at Keppel Bay Tower 

in Singapore. 

In the spirit of strengthening collaboration 

as OneKeppel, the Group’s flagship address 

features an agile workplace configuration 

that is designed to enhance interactions and 

facilitate cross-business unit networking.

State-of-the-art technology, such as facial 

recognition for building access and 

mobile-app integration for printing, meeting 

room bookings and HR functions were 

integrated into the office redesign, allowing 

employees seamless access to various 

facilities at Keppel Bay Tower. 

To promote workplace wellness, ergonomic 

chairs, standing desks and adjustable 

monitor screens are used for better comfort, 

while acoustic panels and phone booths 

help to minimise noise levels. To ensure that 

health and safety standards are maintained 

during operational hours, indoor air quality 

display panels are used to monitor air quality. 

Healthier food options such as fruits and 

nuts are available at our pantries.

“Compared to our old office at 

Bugis Junction Towers, the new 

agile office feels more modern. 

My favourite feature is the 

staircase connecting the floors, 

as it’s easier for me to reach out 

to colleagues across the Group.”

Raymond Bay, Manager,  

Corporate Finance and Treasury, Keppel Capital

“There is definitely more 

interaction with colleagues from 

different departments compared 

to our old office where we were 

on different floors. There’s also a 

lot more natural light streaming 

in, which helps make the office 

bright, spacious and conducive 

for work.” 

Brenda Khoo, Senior Executive,  

Marketing, Keppel Land 

To encourage employee well-being and 

promote team bonding, a central wellness 

team has been formed to organise activities 

like fitness classes and facilitate the setting 

up of interests groups.

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 71




Communities

Nurturing Communities

We uplift communities through 

programmes that deliver 

enduring social, economic 

or environmental benefits.

2018 Performance

Sponsored and participated 

in a wide range of community 

initiatives, investing $8.9 million 

in social causes. 

Achieved over 14,000 hours of 

community service, an increase 

of about 2,000 hours compared 

to 2017. 

Committed $10 million to the 

Institute of Technical Education 

(ITE) to promote education for 

financially-disadvantaged students.

Donated $1 million to the 

President’s Challenge to support 

over 50 social service organisations 

that provide programmes to 

empower the vulnerable in society. 

Committed RMB 5 million to 

the China Foundation for 

Poverty Alleviation in support of 

projects to benefit impoverished 

communities in China.

Renewed partnership with 

Esplanade –Theatres on the 

Bay for Keppel Nights, with a 

commitment of $500,000 over 

three years to provide students 

from heartland schools with 

access to performing arts.

2018 Targets

Achieve over 10,000 hours of 

staff volunteerism worldwide. 

Support initiatives to promote 

the social development of local 

communities where we operate.

2019 Targets

Achieve over 10,000 hours of 

staff volunteerism worldwide.

Support programmes aligned 

with Keppel’s sustainability 

framework of Sustaining Growth, 

Empowering Lives and  

Nurturing Communities. 

Drive collaboration with 

organisations that share our 

commitment to have a positive 

impact on our communities.

Topics

Social investment

Volunteerism 

Impact measurement

SDGs

72 

 




Overview 

Keppel aims to deliver lasting socio-economic 

benefit to the communities where we operate. 

In engaging and nurturing communities, 

we contribute to achieving a sustainable 

future together. 

We invest in programmes aligned with 

our Sustainability Framework, which 

outlines Keppel’s commitment to 

Sustaining Growth, Empowering Lives 

and Nurturing Communities. 

We champion initiatives that protect and 

help improve the environment. As leaders 

in our businesses, we also support industry 

efforts that foster collaboration to promote 

sustainable development. 

We empower lives by promoting education 

and spearheading initiatives that promote 

creativity through instilling an appreciation 

for the arts in children and youth. 

Management Approach

GRI 103-1 | 103-2 | 103-3 | 203-2

In partnership with organisations that share 

our values, we commit up to 1% of the Group’s 

net profit to worthy social and environmental 

causes. These contributions are coordinated 

and disbursed by Keppel Care Foundation, 

the Group’s philanthropic arm, which is 

governed by its own Board of Directors. 

The Foundation has disbursed over $36 million 

to worthy causes till date, since its launch in 

2012. In 2018, the Group spent $8.9 million 

on social investments.

To deliver a greater positive impact, we 

bolster philanthropic giving with employee 

volunteerism led by Keppel Volunteers, the 

Group’s volunteer movement. Employees 

are given two days of paid volunteer leave 

annually. In 2018, Keppel Volunteers 

achieved over 14,000 hours of community 

service, an increase of 2,000 hours over 

the 12,000 hours in 2017.

We maximise our corporate giving outcomes 

by partnering businesses and the community. 

For example, donation drives and environmental 

campaigns are held at the lobbies of our 

commercial buildings to engage tenants, 

employees and members of the public. 

Keppel Care Foundation also supports the 

dollar-for-dollar matching of employee 

donations at the company’s fund-raising events.

In Singapore, our business units have been 

strong partners of Community Chest’s 

SHARE, a voluntary employee payroll 

donation programme. Employees of the 

Keppel Group have contributed over 

$2.9 million through SHARE since 1988. 

Keppel also contributes to overseas 

communities where we have a presence. 

For example, Keppel AmFELS has donated 

over US$2 million in employee contributions 

to the United Way of Southern Cameron 

County in Texas, the United States, 

since 2000 to aid disadvantaged children 

and families. 

Keppel follows the LBG (formerly London 

Benchmarking Group) framework, the 

global standard for measuring and 

reporting on corporate community 

investment. As managers of LBG, 

Corporate Citizenship has assured the 

data in this section. Our LBG Assurance 

Statement for 2018 can be found 

on page 91. 

Social Investment Spending 

by Project Type in 2018 (%)

 

Education*

Industry Advancement

Arts/Sports/Community 

Development Projects

Care for the Underprivileged/ 

Healthcare

Environment

 

 

Total

70.1

9.6

3.9

14.9

1.5

100.0

$8.9 million

* Includes a $5 million donation (first payment tranche) 

to the ITE Education Fund. Keppel had committed 

a $10 million donation to the Fund to promote 

education for financially-disadvantaged students 

from ITE on the occasion of Keppel Corporation’s 

50th anniversary in 2018.

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 73




Communities

Nurturing Communities







Impact at a Glance

&gt;$36.3m 

Disbursed by Keppel Care 

Foundation since 2012.

$8.9m

Invested in social causes 

in 2018. 

&gt;400

Scholarships, bursaries 

and study grants awarded to 

underprivileged and deserving 

students since 2011.

&gt;1m 

Visitors to the Learning Forest, which 

the Keppel Discovery Wetlands is part of, 

since its launch in 2017.

90% 

Of employees affirmed that Keppel is 

committed to corporate social responsibility.

&gt;1.3m 

Visitors to the Keppel Centre for Art 

Education since its launch in 2015.

&gt;24,000 

Students benefited from the Keppel Nights 

programme with Esplanade – Theatres on 

the Bay since its relaunch in 2013.

&gt;14,000hrs

Of community work achieved by 

Keppel Volunteers in 2018, translating to 

estimated manpower costs of $360,000.

&gt;2,600 lives 

Touched through our volunteerism 

efforts in 2018.

&gt;1,600

Low-income households benefited 

from the food and household items 

provided by Keppel.



Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

75

74


Communities

Nurturing Communities

Promoting Education

Inclusive, quality education can lift 

communities out of poverty by 

enabling children and youth to create 

brighter futures for themselves and 

their families.

Since its inception in 2012, Keppel Care 

Foundation has disbursed over $16 million 

to educational causes, which include 

scholarships and bursaries for students 

of local universities and institutes of 

higher learning. 

In 2018, we made a $10 million 

commitment to the ITE Education Fund 

to promote education for financially 

disadvantaged students from ITE. 

The commitment was pledged at the 

Keppel Corporation 50th anniversary 

gala dinner, and the first payment 

tranche of $5 million was disbursed  

in 2018. 

 Read more about our donation to promote 

education on page 82. 

Fostering Creativity &amp;  

Appreciation of the Arts 

We believe that the arts inspire, 

contribute towards civic engagement 

and social cohesion, and build bridges 

between cultures. Through supporting 

the arts, we aim to stimulate the  

cross-fertilisation of ideas, and foster 

creativity and expression. This will 

in turn contribute to the vibrancy 

of our communities.

“I would like to thank Keppel 

Corporation for the Keppel Study 

Grant, which gave me much 

needed support during my time 

as a student at the Singapore 

Institute of Technology. Being 

awarded the Study Grant allowed 

me to focus more on my studies, 

which paved the way for me to 

be the first in my family to obtain 

a university degree.”

Ng Weng Pung, Engineer,  

Keppel Study Grant recipient in academic 

years 2013/2014 and 2014/2015, 

and Singapore Institute of Technology 

2015 graduate. 

Our bursaries provide students from disadvantaged backgrounds 

with access to quality education. Recipients have reported that the 

bursaries help to ease the financial burden on their families, with some 

reporting that they no longer need to take on part-time jobs to cover 

their school fees and daily expenses. With this financial assistance, 

they are able to focus on their studies and benefit from a more holistic 

educational journey. 

Recipients of our scholarships and academic awards have also reported 

that the recognition has inspired them to continue to work hard and 

contribute to society.

Impact

$16m

Including disbursements to fund bond-free scholarships, academic awards, bursaries and study grants  

for deserving students from low-income families.

National University  

of Singapore

Singapore University of 

Technology and Design

Singapore Institute 

of Technology

Institute of  

Technical Education

Inputs

Key Partners

Outputs

413

bond-free scholarships, bursaries,  

study grants and academic awards.

Institute of Technical Education

76 

 




Keppel Centre for Art Education

Inputs

Established with a $12 million commitment 

from Keppel, the Keppel Centre for Art 

Education at National Gallery Singapore is  

the first art education facility of its kind in  

the region. 

Outputs

The Centre has hosted over 1.3 million visitors 

since its launch in 2015. Guided school tours 

and workshops at the Keppel Centre for Art 

Education introduce visual literacy, as well as 

analytical and interpretive skills to students.

As part of the Singapore Ministry of Education’s 

museum-based learning programme, over 

60% of the country’s Primary 4 pupils visited 

the National Gallery Singapore in 2018. 

The majority of students participating in 

the programme visited the Centre.

Over 78,000 families participated in the 

Centre’s programmes such as Art Explorer 

and Stories in Art in 2018.  

In 2018, the Centre was named Winner 

of the Children in Museums Award 2018. 

The international competition, which drew 

participation from 35 museums around the 

world, recognised the Centre’s excellent, 

well-designed exhibitions for young visitors.

Impact

Educators have shared that the immersive  

spaces at the Centre encourage creativity  

and self-led exploration in children, and helps  

to improve students’ visual inquiry skills.  

The programmes offered at the Centre also 

promote familial bonding.

Keppel Nights

Inputs

Keppel Corporation committed $500,000, 

from 2018 to 2020, to Keppel Nights, renewing 

its partnership with Esplanade – Theatres on 

the Bay to nurture a deeper appreciation of 

the arts among students in Singapore. In 2018, 

Keppel Nights expanded its scope to include 

Esplanade’s sensory-friendly performances 

designed for audiences with special needs.  

Outputs

Since 2013, the partnership has provided 

about 24,000 students from more than 75 

schools in the heartlands with access to arts 

and cultural shows presented by the Esplanade. 

Keppel Nights also includes an element of 

experiential learning, with dance and music 

workshops that give students the chance to 

try out various art and cultural forms and get 

a taste of performing.

Impact

Students have reported an increased interest 

in the arts and improved confidence and 

self-esteem after participating in Keppel 

Nights programmes. The sensory-friendly 

performances also provide students with 

special needs with opportunities to access 

arts and cultural shows.



Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 77


Communities

Nurturing Communities

Brazil

In the Teach-it-Forward programme, Keppel Volunteers host 

students at the BrasFELS shipyard and provide mentorship. 

In 2018, about 100 students participated in the programme. 

Separately, volunteers provided health education and 

environmental awareness talks to 140 members of 

the community. 

Committed to being a good corporate citizen, Keppel supports meaningful 

initiatives that uplift communities in countries where we have a presence in. 

China

Tianjin

Chengdu

Keppel Land China has been  

a partner of Sunshine Welfare 

Home since 2017. Over 200 

volunteers have touched the 

lives of more than 80 special 

needs students through regular 

activities and excursions. 

In 2018, Keppel Land Tianjin 

rallied its contractors to help 

in renovating and upgrading 

the home.

In 2018, Keppel committed 

RMB 5 million to the China 

Foundation for Poverty Alleviation. 

The collaboration began with 

a three-year programme 

focused on needy students 

from 10 schools in the Mabian 

County, Sichuan Province. 

Keppel Volunteers engage 

underprivileged students 

in Mabian County, through 

interactive story-telling sessions 

and educational games.

 Read more about our donation to support needy students in China on page 83.





In commemoration of our 50th anniversary, 

we donated $1 million to the President’s 

Challenge to support over 50 social service 

organisations that provide programmes to 

empower the vulnerable in society. 

 Read more about our donation to empower 

vulnerable groups on pages 81 to 83. 

As part of our skills-based volunteerism efforts, 

finance staff across the Group organised a 

financial literacy carnival for underprivileged 

families supported by Care Corner. A career 

fair was separately organised by 60 volunteers 

to nurture the career aspirations of close to 

50 children from Care Corner. 

Keppel Volunteers also reached out to 

needy dialysis patients through bi-monthly 

food delivery and home visits as part of 

The National Kidney Foundation’s (NKF) 

Grains of Hope programme.

To meet the needs of low income households, 

240 volunteers packed and distributed over 

1,600 goodie bags comprising food and 

household items sponsored by Keppel 

during the year.



Vietnam

We extended our support for 

Phase Two of Words on Wheels, 

a mobile library programme in 

partnership with the Singapore 

International Foundation, the 

General Sciences Library of 

Ho Chi Minh City and Hanoi Public 

Library. In 2018, 2,500 students 

from seven primary and secondary 

schools participated in sessions 

organised by Keppel Volunteers 

which included English lessons 

on green living and financial 

literacy as well as mobile library 

visits. Volunteers also helped in the 

refurbishment of a school library.

Separately, over 200 volunteers 

and their families participated in 

the Keppel Run4Future charity 

run in Ho Chi Minh City. At the 

event, Keppel Land presented 

15 scholarships worth VND 

225 million to students of Big 

Friend Foundation, a charity 

supporting needy Vietnamese 

high school graduates.



The Philippines 

In 2018, we awarded 75 out-of-school youths with full scholarships 

in technical trades such as flux-cored arc welding, shielded metal 

arc welding and structural fitting. Training sessions were conducted  

at the Keppel Batangas Training Centre. 

Over 100 volunteers also participated in National Schools 

Maintenance Week and helped with maintenance work and the 

clean-up of six public schools. A book reading session was also 

held at the SIBOL Learning Centre at the Keppel-GK Eco Village, 

with the aim of inculcating reading habits in young children.



“The volunteers from Keppel not only 

delivered provisions to my house but 

took time to chat with me to understand 

the challenges I face in my daily life. 

The provisions are important and help 

with my day-to-day living. It is really great 

to know that there are many people who 

care and are willing to help. The volunteers 

encouraged me and gave me good advice, 

and this really motivated me to keep 

improving myself. I am so grateful for 

their time and help.” 

Mohd Rosli Ramdan,  

a 52-year-old dialysis patient at NKF

Singapore

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 79

78 

 


Communities

Nurturing Communities

Advancing Corporate Sustainability

We collaborate with governments and industry partners to support knowledge-sharing platforms that promote responsible business practices 

and sustainable urbanisation.  

Raising Eco-Consciousness

We work closely with partners to lead initiatives that conserve biodiversity and promote climate action. 

Key Initiatives

Outputs &amp; Impacts

UNLEASH 

Keppel was the main track partner of the ‘Sustainable Cities and Communities’ theme at UNLEASH 2018. The event 

served as a global innovation lab where 1,000 sustainability talents from over 110 countries convened to develop 

solutions for eight selected Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Six Keppel talents from across the Group also 

participated in the eight-day innovation lab where they worked on innovative solutions to advance the SDGs.

Lee Kuan Yew World City Prize Keppel is the sole sponsor of the Lee Kuan Yew World City Prize. The biennial award, presented to Seoul at the 

World Cities Summit 2018, recognises the outstanding achievements and contributions of cities and key leaders in 

tackling urban challenges and creating liveable, vibrant and sustainable communities around the world.  

Singapore International 

Water Week

Keppel is a Founding Sponsor of the Singapore International Water Week, an industry-focused global platform which 

encourages participants to share and co-create innovative water solutions.

Global Compact Network 

Singapore Summit

Keppel supported the Global Compact Network Singapore Summit 2018 as a Gold Partner. Themed ‘Building Better 

Businesses’, the conference explored the latest sustainability trends and insights to build more robust and  

future-ready businesses.

Responsible Business Forum

Keppel was the supporting partner of the Responsible Business Forum 2018, themed ‘Shaping the World in 2030: 

Partnerships for SDG Action’. The forum explored practical solutions across five areas critical to the attainment of the 

SDGs – climate action, urbanisation, circular economy, human rights and food and nutrition.

Key Initiatives

Outputs &amp; Impacts

Keppel Discovery Wetlands 

Established with a $2.08 million contribution from Keppel, the Keppel Discovery Wetlands at the Singapore Botanic 

Gardens includes a plant collection of over 200 species, allowing visitors to enjoy a freshwater forest wetland in the  

heart of the city. Over 1 million people have visited the Learning Forest, which the Keppel Discovery Wetlands is part of, 

since its launch in March 2017. 

In 2018, selected Keppel Volunteers successfully trained to become green ambassadors at the Keppel Discovery 

Wetlands. Our green ambassadors promote conservation through leading tours at the Keppel Discovery Wetlands and 

facilitating children crafts workshops on wetland habitats. Employees who participated in the training reported improved 

presentation skills and knowledge on flora and fauna in the wetlands.

In recognition of the Group’s support of conservation efforts, a Heritage Tree at the Singapore Botanic Gardens was 

dedicated by Singapore’s National Parks Board to Keppel in January 2019.

Eco Action Day

For the fifth year running, Keppel Land and Keppel REIT Management collaborated with Ricoh Asia Pacific to support 

Eco Action Day, an annual nationwide campaign that encourages awareness of, and action for, the environment. 

As part of the campaign, a tree sapling was planted for every corporate pledge for climate action. Close to 200 corporate 

pledges and 500 individual pledges were canvassed at roadshows held at Keppel Land and Keppel REIT’s buildings. 

Staff from Keppel Land and Keppel REIT, together with their families, participated in the tree planting event held in 

October 2018, during which over 300 tree saplings were planted.

Earth Hour

Keppel demonstrated its support for climate action by participating in Earth Hour 2018. Non-essential lights at 34 of 

Keppel’s commercial, residential and hospitality developments in Singapore and overseas were turned off for an hour. 

Encouraging reduced 

use of plastics 

Keppel Land and Keppel REIT, supported by the Singapore Green Building Council, jointly organised a public screening  

of ‘A Plastic Ocean’ at the Singapore Botanic Gardens, which was attended by about 1,000 people. 

Separately, Keppel Land launched its ‘Plastic Straw Free’ challenge at Saigon Centre retail mall in Vietnam to encourage 

eco-friendly practices among shoppers and tenants.

Tree planting and 

coastal cleanups 

Keppel Volunteers planted 50 trees in Singapore as well as cleared 892 kilogrammes of marine trash in Singapore and 

the Philippines combined.  

80 

 


Celebrating 50 years: Doing Well, Doing Good 

Keppel commemorated its 50th anniversary by making several donations in support 

of meaningful causes. 

Special Focus

Keppel is committed to making a positive 

impact in the communities where we operate. 

3 August 2018 marked Keppel Corporation’s 

50th anniversary. Since its beginnings as a 

small shipyard incorporated in 1968, Keppel 

has grown and diversified into a multi-business 

company, providing solutions for sustainable 

urbanisation. We commemorated this important 

milestone by giving back to the community, 

including making several donations in 

support of meaningful causes. 

Empowering Vulnerable Groups 

In July 2018, Keppel made a $1 million 

donation to the President’s Challenge 2018 

to support over 50 social service organisations 

that provide programmes to empower the 

vulnerable in society. 

The donation was made at the Keppel 50 

Charity Run, where over 200 Keppel 

staff participated in a 50 km relay in 

support of President’s Challenge and 

to mark the company’s golden jubilee. 

At the event, Keppel Volunteers also held 

an intergenerational crafts workshop 

to share this special occasion with the 

children from Care Corner and elderly 

from Montfort Care. 

Guest of honour President Halimah Yacob, 

who received the donation on behalf 

of President’s Challenge at the event, 

said, “I am heartened that Keppel has 

chosen to celebrate its 50th anniversary 

by giving back to society, and helping 



1



2

1

President Halimah 

Yacob (seated, centre), 

Dr Lee Boon Yang 

(standing, rightmost), 

Chairman of Keppel 

Corporation, and 

Loh Chin Hua (standing, 

second from left), CEO 

of Keppel Corporation, 

joined Keppel’s beneficiaries 

from Monfort Care 

and Care Corner in 

an intergenerational 

crafts workshop. 

2

Over 200 staff participated 

in a 50 km relay in 

support of the President’s 

Challenge.

the less privileged among us. I hope 

that companies in Singapore will 

continue to give generously, not only 

with financial support, but through 

volunteerism and sharing of knowledge 

and expertise.”

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 81


Communities

Nurturing Communities

1

Prime Minister 

Lee Hsien Loong 

(centre), who was the 

guest of honour at 

Keppel Corporation’s 50th 

anniversary gala dinner, 

witnessed the cheque 

presentation by Dr Lee 

Boon Yang (second from 

left), Chairman of Keppel 

Corporation, and Loh 

Chin Hua (far left), CEO 

of Keppel Corporation, 

to Bob Tan (second from 

right), Chairman of ITE; and 

Low Khah Gek (far right), 

CEO of ITE.

2

Keppel Volunteers 

share their time, 

knowledge and skills to 

engage the students in 

Mabian County, China.

Promoting Education

In August 2018, Keppel continued its 

tradition of giving back to the community 

at its 50th anniversary gala dinner with a 

$10 million donation to the Institute of Technical 

Education (ITE) to support the education of 

financially-disadvantaged students. 

The donation to the ITE Education Fund is 

matched 1.5:1 by a Singapore government 

grant, which will result in a total contribution 

of $25 million to ITE. 

The donation is being used to set up the 

Keppel Care Foundation Scholarship and 

Keppel Merit Awards. The Keppel Care 

Foundation Scholarship aims to recognise 

and reward outstanding ITE students from 

disadvantaged backgrounds, while the 

Keppel Merit Awards provide monthly financial 

support for deserving students from low-income 

families. Up to three Keppel Care Foundation 

Scholarships valued at $9,600 per recipient 

will be awarded annually, and up to 72 

Keppel Merit Awards valued at $3,000 per 

recipient will be given out each semester. 

Recipients will not be required to serve a bond.

In his speech, guest of honour Singapore 

Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong commended 

Keppel for its investments in human capital 

and noted its partnerships with local 

universities and institutes of higher education. 

Prime Minister Lee said, “You have forged 

tie-ups with the Institute of Technical Education, 

and sponsored scholarships with the 

Nanyang Technological University and the 

Singapore University of Technology and 

Design. I am happy that Keppel will be taking 

this further by making a $10 million donation 

to the ITE Education Fund to establish the 

Keppel Care Foundation Scholarships and 

Keppel Merit Awards in ITE.” 

Dr Lee Boon Yang, Chairman of 

Keppel Corporation, said, “Keppel believes 

in investing in education and developing 

capabilities to support Singapore’s 

growth into the future. We believe that 

by improving access to education, we will 

empower youths and maximise their 

potential. Keppel’s donation towards the 

ITE Education Fund will expand the pool of 

financial assistance available to students, 

provide relief for them and their families, 

and encourage the students to continue to 

excel in their studies. 

Bob Tan, Chairman of ITE, added, 

“Many students who enrol in ITE come 

from disadvantaged backgrounds. 

Providing financial assistance to these 

students will go a long way in helping 

them stay focused on their studies, 

instead of having to supplement family 

income with excessive part-time work. 



1

82 

 


“We are very grateful to Keppel for their 

generosity. It will most definitely help to 

alleviate the financial burden of our students 

and their families. This can make a big 

difference in their lives and future prospects.”

Beyond this donation to the ITE Education 

Fund, Keppel has a long-standing and 

holistic partnership with ITE to enhance 

the skills of students and guide their career 

paths. Keppel’s existing programmes 

with ITE include technical skills training 

and apprenticeships with relevant 

certifications, as well as internships 

and career placements.

Alleviating Poverty 

The charitable activities held to commemorate 

our golden jubilee continued in China in 

end August 2018 with the launch of a new 

partnership with the China Foundation for 

Poverty Alleviation (CFPA) at a commemorative 

dinner in Beijing. 

The company’s commitment of RMB 5 million 

will support the Chinese Government’s plans 

to combat rural poverty and stimulate the 

development of remote regions.



The collaboration with CFPA began 

with a three-year programme focused 

on needy students from 10 schools 

in Mabian County, Sichuan Province. 

The programme provides close to 

2,000 students with nutritious food items 

every school day, encourages active learning, 

and cultivates good reading habits with 

library resources for beneficiary schools. 

Beyond financial support, Keppel Volunteers 

from across the Keppel Group will also 

participate in the programme by volunteering 

their time, knowledge and skills to engage 

the students.

Touching Lives Abroad

Beyond Singapore and China, we support 

initiatives that uplift communities 

in countries where we have a presence in. 

Our sustained social welfare programmes 

include the Teach-it-Forward programme 

in Brazil, Keppel-GK Eco Village in the 

Philippines and the Words on Wheels 

programme in Vietnam.

 Read more about how we impact communities 

around the world on pages 78 and 79.

2

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

83


Potable water consumption for 2017 has 

been restated on page 43 of this report for 

corrections to historical data. 

Independent Assurance 

GRI 102-56

Keppel Corporation appointed an independent 

third party, DNV GL, to provide assurance on 

this report. The content was reviewed and 

the accuracy and reliability of the statements 

were validated in accordance with the DNV 

GL Verification Protocol for Sustainability 

Reporting, VeriSustainTM. 

The principles and concepts in this 

protocol draw on the GRI Standards, 

the AA1000 Assurance Standard 2008 

by AccountAbility and the International 

Standard on Assurance Engagements 

3000 by the International Federation 

of Accountants.

All underlying systems and processes 

that support the Company’s sustainability 

framework were reviewed in adherence to  

the AA1000 AccountAbility Principles (2018) 

of Inclusivity, Materiality, Responsiveness 

and Impact, as well as the GRI Standards. 

The Assurance Statement is published on 

pages 89 and 90.

This report focuses on the sustainability 

strategy and practices of Keppel Corporation 

and its subsidiaries, namely the material 

environmental, social and governance (ESG) 

aspects of our business operations. 

This report provides an overview of our 

management approach, priorities, targets 

and performance reviews in key areas. 

The content was defined by identifying and 

prioritising the Company’s material ESG 

factors through a robust materiality analysis 

process (see page 18). We printed limited 

copies of this report to minimise 

environmental impact. A PDF version is 

available at www.kepcorp.com. 

Our stakeholders are advised to  

read Keppel Corporation’s Report 

to Shareholders 2018, available at  

www.kepcorp.com/annualreport2018, for 

more information on the Group’s businesses, 

strategy, performance and prospects. 

Reporting Period &amp; Standards 

GRI 102-50 | 102-51 | 102-52 | 102-54

This report is published annually and covers 

the same period as the financial year of the 

Company (January to December 2018). 

Our last sustainability report was published 

in May 2018. Where possible, we shared 

three-year historical information to provide 

a meaningful basis for comparison. 

This report has been prepared in accordance 

with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 

Standards: Core option and Singapore 

Exchange-ST Listing Rules Practice Note 7.6 

Sustainability Reporting Guide. 

The report was submitted for the GRI 

Materiality Disclosures Service, and GRI 

confirmed the correctness of the locations 

of the materiality disclosures (GRI 102-40 to 

102-49). The GRI Materiality Disclosures 

Service organisational mark is located 

on page 85. 

We used standard units of measurement. 

Conversion factors may be found in the 

relevant sections. All dollar values expressed 

are Singapore dollars. 

Report Boundary 

GRI 102-46 | 102-48 | 102-49 

As a guide, this report covers global operations 

and all subsidiaries for which the Group has 

management control, unless otherwise 

indicated. The reporting boundary for financial 

data is the same as that of Keppel Corporation’s 

Report to Shareholders 2018. The reporting 

boundaries for Environmental Management, 

Product Excellence, Safety &amp; Health and 

Labour Practices &amp; Human Rights differ, 

due to differences in where the impacts 

occur most for each topic. Business entities 

included within the boundaries contribute 

materially to overall Group performance. 

The Company has 260 significant 

subsidiaries and associated companies as 

at 31 December 2018. Information pertaining 

to them is published on pages 193 to 204 

of Keppel Corporation’s Report to 

Shareholders 2018. 

About this Report

Feedback

GRI 102-53 

This report demonstrates our commitment to keep our stakeholders abreast of 

Keppel’s sustainability performance. We welcome feedback.  

Phone/Email:

Sustainability Reporting 

+65 6413 6297 / sustainability@kepcorp.com 

Media Relations 

+65 6413 6425 / keppelgroup@kepcorp.com 

Investor Relations 

+65 6413 6436 / investor.relations@kepcorp.com

Other Information

84 

 


Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Content Index

GRI 102-55

GRI  

Standard

Disclosure  

Number

Disclosure  

Title

Page Reference  

and Remarks*

Connections to  

UN initiatives

General Disclosures

GRI 101: Foundation 2016

Organisational Profile

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

2016

102-1

Name of the organisation

Cover

UNGC Principles  

1-10; SDG 3, 6, 7, 8, 

9, 11, 12, 13, 16, 17 

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

8-14

102-3

Location of headquarters

Back Cover

102-4

Location of operations

14

102-5

Ownership and legal form

14, AR 2018 (193-204, 221)

102-6

Markets served

8-14

102-7

Scale of the organisation 

8-14, 22-25

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

65-68

102-9

Supply chain

49

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain

23, 49-50

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

31-36, AR 2018 (99-100)

102-12

External initiatives

9-13, 19-20

102-13

Membership of associations

16, 57-61

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

2-4

102-15

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

8-13, 33-38,  

AR 2018 (16-21)

Ethics &amp; Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour

Inside Front Cover,  

6-7, 38

UNGC Principles 

1-10; SDG 16

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics

31-32, 38, AR 2018 (83-87)

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

15, 27-32

UNGC Principle 10; 

SDG 16

102-19

Delegating authority

15

102-20

Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental,  

and social topics

15

102-21

Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, and social topics

16-17

102-22

Composition of the highest governance body and its committees

15, 27-28

102-23

Chair of the highest governance body

27-28

102-24

Nominating and selecting the highest governance body

29-30

102-25

Conflicts of interest

28-29

102-26

Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values,  

and strategy

15, 27-28

102-27

Collective knowledge of highest governance body

28-29, AR 2018 (96)

102-28

Evaluating the highest governance body's performance

28-29, AR 2018 (91-92, 96)

102-29

Identifying and managing economic, environmental and social impacts

15

102-30

Effectiveness of risk management processes

38, AR 2018 (89)

102-31

Review of economic, environmental, and social topics

15, AR 2018 (73)

102-32

Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting

15

102-33

Communicating critical concerns

27-28, 31-32, AR 2018 (99)

102-35

Remuneration policies

30-31, AR 2018 (77-82)

102-36

Process for determining remuneration

30-31, AR 2018 (77-82)

* References to Keppel Corporation’s Report to Shareholders 2018 are expressed as ‘AR 2018 (page number)’. Keppel Corporation’s Report to Shareholders 2018 is available at 

www.kepcorp.com/annualreport2018

This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option 

GRI 102-54



Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 85


Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Content Index

Other Information

GRI  

Standard

Disclosure  

Number

Disclosure  

Title

Page Reference  

and Remarks*

Connections to  

UN initiatives

General Disclosures

Stakeholder Engagement

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

2016

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

17

UNGC Principle 3; 

SDG 8, 17 

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

66

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

16-17

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

17, 54

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised

17

Reporting Practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

14, AR 2018 (193-204)

102-46

Defining report content and topic Boundaries

18, 84

102-47

List of material topics

18

102-48

Restatements of information

84

102-49

Changes in reporting

84

102-50

Reporting period

84

102-51

Date of most recent report

84

102-52

Reporting cycle

84

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

84

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

84-85

102-55

GRI content index

85-88

102-56

External assurance

84, 89-90

Topic-Specific Disclosures

Economic Sustainability

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

2016

103-1/ 

103-2/ 

103-3

Management Approach

23, AR 2018 (16-21)

SDG 8, 9, 11, 17

GRI 201: 

Economic 

Performance 

2016

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

25

201-4

Financial assistance received from government

25

GRI 419: 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

2016

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and  

economic area

24

Corporate Governance

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

2016

103-1/ 

103-2/ 

103-3

Management Approach

27-33

UNGC Principle 10; 

SDG 16, 17

GRI 205:  

Anti-Corruption  

2016

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption

36

205-2

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies  

and procedures

31-32, 38

* References to Keppel Corporation’s Report to Shareholders 2018 are expressed as ‘AR 2018 (page number)’. Keppel Corporation’s Report to Shareholders 2018 is available at 

www.kepcorp.com/annualreport2018

86 

 


GRI  

Standard

Disclosure  

Number

Disclosure  

Title

Page Reference  

and Remarks*

Connections to  

UN initiatives

Topic-Specific Disclosures

Environmental Management

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

2016

103-1/ 

103-2/ 

103-3

Management Approach

40-41

UNGC Principles 7-9;  

SDG 3, 6, 7, 12, 13

GRI 302:

Energy 2016

302-1

Energy consumption within the organisation 

41-42

302-4

Reduction of energy consumption

41-42

GRI 303:

Water 2016

303-1

Water withdrawal by source 

42-43

303-3

Water recycled and reused

42-43

GRI 305:

Emissions 

2016

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 

42-45

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 

42-45

305-5

Reduction of GHG emissions 

44

305-7

Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulphur oxides (SOX), and other significant  

air emissions

42, 44

GRI 306:

Effluents &amp;

Water 2016

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method 

42-43

306-3

Significant spills

44

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance

2016

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations

44

Product Excellence

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

2016

103-1/ 

103-2/ 

103-3

Management Approach

52-53

SDG 9, 11, 17

GRI 416: 

Customer 

Health &amp;  

Safety 2016

416-1

Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and  

service categories

53-54

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts 

of products and services

54

Labour Practices &amp; Human Rights

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

2016

103-1/ 

103-2/ 

103-3

Management Approach

66-68

UNGC Principles 1-6;  

SDG 3, 4, 8, 17

GRI 202: 

Market 

Presence  

2016

202-2

Proportion of senior management hired from the local community

65

GRI 401: 

Employment 

2016

401-1

New employee hires and employee turnover 

66-67

401-2

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to 

temporary or part-time employees

66

401-3

Parental leave

66

GRI 404: 

Training &amp; 

Education 

2016

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee 

68-69

404-2

Programmes for upgrading employee skills and transition  

assistance programmes

68-69

404-3

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career 

development reviews

66

GRI 405: 

Diversity  

&amp; Equal 

Opportunity 

2016

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

68

GRI 406: 

Non- 

Discrimination 

2016

406-1

Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken

66-68

* References to Keppel Corporation’s Report to Shareholders 2018 are expressed as ‘AR 2018 (page number)’. Keppel Corporation’s Report to Shareholders 2018 is available at 

www.kepcorp.com/annualreport2018

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 87


Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Content Index

Other Information

GRI  

Standard

Disclosure  

Number

Disclosure  

Title

Page Reference  

and Remarks*

Connections to  

UN initiatives

Topic-Specific Disclosures

Safety &amp; Health

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

2016

103-1/ 

103-2/ 

103-3

Management Approach

57-61

SDG 3, 8, 17

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health  

and Safety 

2018

403-1

Occupational health and safety management system

57-61

403-2

Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation

57-62

403-3

Occupational health services

57-61

403-4

Worker participation, consultation, and communication on  

occupational health and safety

57-61

403-5

Worker training on occupational health and safety

57-61

403-6

Promotion of worker health

57-61

403-7

Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts 

directly linked by business relationships

49-50, 57-61

403-9

Work-related injuries

61-62

Supply Chain &amp; Responsible Procurement

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

2016

103-1/ 

103-2/ 

103-3

Management Approach

49-50

UNGC Principles  

1-10; SDG 8, 12, 16

GRI 308: 

Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment 

2016

308-1

New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria

49-50

GRI 414: 

Supplier Social 

Assessment 

2016

414-1

New suppliers that were screened using social criteria

49-50

Community Development

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

2016

103-1/ 

103-2/ 

103-3

Management Approach

73

SDG 3, 4, 15, 17

GRI 203: 

Indirect 

Economic 

Impacts  

2016

203-2

Significant indirect economic impacts

73-83

* References to Keppel Corporation’s Report to Shareholders 2018 are expressed as ‘AR 2018 (page number)’. Keppel Corporation’s Report to Shareholders 2018 is available at 

www.kepcorp.com/annualreport2018

88 

 


Introduction

DNV GL, represented by DNV GL Business 

Assurance Singapore Pte. Ltd., has been 

commissioned by the management of 

Keppel Corporation Ltd. (Keppel) to carry out 

an independent assurance engagement for 

the non-financial, qualitative and quantitative 

information (sustainability performance) 

reported in the Keppel Corporation Sustainability 

Report 2018 (the Report), which is available 

from Keppel’s website and in print, for the 

financial year ending 31 December 2018. 

We performed engagement assurance using 

AccountAbility’s AA1000 Assurance Standard 

2008 (AA1000AS) with 2018 Addendum and 

DNV GL’s assurance methodology VeriSustainTM1 

(Version 5.0), which is based on our professional 

experience, international assurance best 

practices including International Standard on 

Assurance Engagements 3000 (ISAE 3000) 

Revised2 and the Global Reporting Initiative 

(GRI) reporting principles on Content and 

Quality. The intended users of this assurance 

statement are the stakeholders of the Company.

Scope of Assurance

The scope of assurance included a review of 

sustainability disclosures and performance 

data from Keppel and its subsidiaries which 

Keppel has operational control in and outside 

of Singapore. The boundary of the report for 

identified material topics and topic-specific 

disclosures are defined in the respective 

chapters and unless otherwise stated, will 

include those subsidiaries that Keppel has 

management control. We evaluated the Report 

for adherence to the reporting principles for 

defining the sustainability report content as set 

forth in the GRI Standards. We understand that 

the reported financial data and information are 

based on Keppel’s and respective subsidiaries’ 

financial statements, which are subject to a 

separate independent audit process. The review 

of financial data taken from the financial 

statements is not within the scope of our work.

Responsibilities of the Management of 

Keppel and of the Assurance Provider

Keppel has sole responsibility for the integrity 

of the report and the responsibility includes 

designing, implementing, and maintaining 

internal controls over collection, analysis, 

aggregation, preparation and fair presentation 

of the Report, and data that are free from 

material misstatement, including maintaining 

integrity of the information on its website. In 

performing our assurance work, our responsibility 

is solely towards the management of Keppel 

in accordance with the terms of reference 

agreed on with Keppel. However, our statement 

represents our independent opinion and is 

intended to inform the independent 

conclusion of our verification to Keppel’s 

stakeholders. DNV GL is responsible for 

planning and performing the engagement to 

obtain moderate level of assurance based on 

AA1000AS i.e. whether the reported disclosures 

are free from material misstatement and 

meets the GRI Standards (2016) disclosure 

requirements and selected GRI Standards (2018) 

for identified material topics in accordance 

with the core option of reporting.

Basis of our Opinion

Our assurance opinion is based on the Type 2, 

Moderate level of assurance engagement in line 

with the AA1000AS requirements and DNV 

GL’s assurance methodology, VeriSustainTM. 

A multi-disciplinary team of sustainability and 

assurance specialists performed the work 

at Keppel’s corporate headquarters and its 

subsidiaries in Singapore – Keppel Infrastructure, 

Keppel Land and Keppel Capital, in March 

and April 2019 to verify the qualitative and 

quantitative disclosures, including testing 

the reliability of data and the robustness of 

the data aggregation process, such as the 

related management approach for identified 

material topics. 

As part of the verification, we planned and 

performed our work based on DNV GL’s 

risk-based approach to obtain the evidence 

that we considered necessary to provide 

a basis for our assurance opinion. 

Within the framework of our assessment, 

we performed the following procedures 

and other activities including:

• Conducted interviews with data owners from 

Keppel Corporation and its subsidiaries 

including Keppel Infrastructure, Keppel Land 

and Keppel Capital, to understand the key 

processes and controls for reporting 

subsidiary performance data;

• Assessed the robustness of the underlying 

data and information flow and controls;  

• Performed data analysis using a risk-based 

approach and materiality;

• Challenged the sustainability-related 

disclosure, statements and claims;

• Performed limited testing on a sampling 

basis of the selected information at 

Keppel’s corporate headquarters and 

subsidiaries’ headquarters to check that 

the selected environmental and social data 

had been properly measured, gathered, 

recorded, collated and reported.

We also performed the following activities to 

assess the adherence to reporting principles:

• Interviewed senior managers and 

representatives responsible for sustainability 

management and made enquiries to 

determine their understanding of 

stakeholder engagement and materiality; 

1 The VeriSustain protocol is available on request from the DNV GL website (www.dnvgl.com).

2 Assurance engagements other than audits or reviews of historical financial information.

Independent Assurance Statement

GRI 102-56



• Reviewed the current sustainability issues 

that could affect Keppel and could be of 

interest to stakeholders.

Conclusion

Based on the work undertaken, we provide a 

moderate level of assurance over non-financial 

disclosure presented in Keppel’s Report, 

and based on the scope of this assurance 

engagement and in doing so, nothing has 

come to our attention to suggest that the 

Report is not a fair representation of Keppel’s 

related sustainability performance for the 

identified scope and boundary of reporting. 

Without affecting our assurance opinion, 

we also provide the following observations 

regarding the adherence to the reporting 

principles for defining the sustainability report 

content and for defining report quality as 

defined in the GRI Standards. 

Inclusivity

Keppel has identified six internal and external 

stakeholder groups such as customers, 

employees, governments, shareholders, 

local communities and suppliers. Keppel’s 

stakeholder engagement activities occurred 

at the Group and business unit level through 

various platforms. Keppel has embarked on a 

stakeholder consultation exercise at the end of 

2018 covering the various stakeholder groups 

and this is targeted for completion in mid-2019. 

Nothing has come to our attention to suggest 

that the Report does not meet the requirements 

related to the Principle of Inclusivity.

Materiality

Keppel revisited its material topics through 

an annual internal exercise. In 2018, Keppel 

reviewed the material environmental, social and 

governance issues internally with the Keppel 

Corporation Board of Directors as well as the 

Group Sustainability Steering Committee and 

Working Committee. Keppel could consider a 

review of the materiality following the stakeholder 

engagement exercise as well as consideration of 

material topics from new business acquisitions. 

Nothing has come to our attention to suggest 

that the Report does not meet the requirements 

related to the Principle of Materiality.

Responsiveness

The Report provides an overview of the 

Group’s activities; it keeps stakeholders 

informed of corporate decisions in terms of 

achievements and performance in relation to 

the sustainability material arguments. Keppel’s 

stakeholder dialogues and materiality review 

were used to determine the type of information 

that is material to stakeholders. The Report 

has brought out responses to the identified 

material topics and fairly disclosed the 

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 89






and sustainability performances against the 

material topics identified. The boundary of the 

Report covers the sustainability performances 

from the global operations, subsidiaries 

and associated companies over which the 

Keppel Group has management control. 

With recent new acquisitions, the reporting 

boundary of Keppel could be expanded to 

include the subsidiaries which may also be 

material to the organisation.

Balance &amp; Neutrality 

The document allows the reader to examine 

both the positive and the negative trends of 

Keppel’s performance in 2018, presenting 

a balanced account of the activities and 

results relevant to the reporting year, which 

is consistent with the corporate strategies. 

We consider the Report to be a fair description 

of Keppel’s sustainability impact. Nothing has 

come to our attention to suggest that the 

Report does not meet the requirements related 

to the Principle of Balance and Neutrality.

Limitation

Our assurance relies on the premise that the 

data and information provided by Keppel to 

us as part of our review procedures have 

been provided in good faith and free from 

misstatements. Because of the selected nature 

(sampling) and other inherent limitation of both 

procedures and systems of internal control, 

there remains the unavoidable risk that errors 

or irregularities, possibly significant, may not 

have been detected. The engagement excludes 

the sustainability management, performance 

and reporting practices of Keppel’s associated 

companies, suppliers, contractors and any 

third-parties mentioned in the Report. The 

company’s position statements, the statements 

for the management approach, case studies and 

examples are excluded from the scope of our 

work. We did not interview external stakeholders 

as part of this assurance engagement. 

The reported disclosures related to Economic 

performances are based on the financial 

disclosures and data, which were cross-checked 

with internal documents and the audited 

consolidated financial statements. Limited 

depth of evidence gathering including inquiry 

and analytical procedures and limited sampling 

at lower levels in the organisation were applied 

as per the agreed scope of engagement. 

The data for Environmental and Social 

performance are verified with random 

samples of data, and the aggregated data at 

the corporate level is used for the verification. 

The procedures performed in a limited/

moderate level of assurance engagement 

vary in nature and timing, and are less in 

extent than for a reasonable/high level of 

assurance engagement. We expressly 

disclaim any liability or co-responsibility 

for any decision a person or an entity may 

make based on this Assurance Statement. 

Statement of Competence &amp; Independence 

DNV GL applies its own management standards 

and compliance policies for quality control, 

in accordance with ISO/IEC 17021:2011 – 

Conformity Assessment Requirements for 

bodies providing audit and certification of 

management systems, and accordingly 

maintains a comprehensive system of quality 

control including documented policies and 

procedures regarding compliance with ethical 

requirements, professional standards and 

applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 

We have complied with the DNV GL Code of 

Conduct4 during the assurance engagement, 

and maintain independence where required by 

relevant ethical requirements. This engagement 

work was carried out by an independent team 

of sustainability assurance professionals. 

DNV GL was not involved in the preparation of 

any statements or data included in the Report 

except for this Assurance Statement. DNV GL 

maintains complete impartiality toward 

stakeholders interviewed during the assurance 

process. DNV GL did not provide any services 

to Keppel during 2018 that could compromise 

the independence or impartiality of our work. 

For and on behalf of DNV GL Business 

Assurance Singapore Pte. Ltd. 

Grace Cheah

Lead Assurer 

DNV GL Business Assurance

Singapore Pte. Ltd

Nandkumar Vadakepatth

Assurance Reviewer

Head, Sustainability Operations 

DNV GL Business Assurance

India Pvt. Ltd. India

8 May 2019

Other Information

Independent Assurance Statement

strategies and management approach and 

challenges considering the overall sustainability 

context and external environment of its 

business within the identified reporting 

boundary. The Report could further bring 

out the long and medium-term targets related 

to the identified material topics.

Impact

Keppel has identified Sustainable Development 

Goals (SDGs) where it contributes to. In 2018, 

Keppel has applied the LBG Framework3 

to quantify the Company’s contribution to 

communities and understand the impact it 

has on the communities and for the business. 

The case studies presented in the Report 

provided insight on how Keppel can have 

an impact on the environment, how Keppel 

develops innovative solutions in its business, 

and how its businesses benefit different 

communities through its products and 

services. DNV GL recommends that Keppel 

sets consistent and clear boundaries, as well 

as a purpose, time period and scope, for 

impact assessment in subsequent reports.

Accuracy &amp; Reliability

Keppel has selected, compiled and reported 

information in a relatively consistent manner. 

Any errors or misstatements identified during the 

assurance engagement were communicated 

for correction prior to the Report being 

published. DNV GL concludes that the level 

at which the Report adheres to the principle 

of accuracy, and the reliability of the information 

on sustainability performance can be enhanced 

by internal verification checks to improve 

consistency in data collection.

Specific Evaluation of the Information on 

Sustainability Performance

The Report covers global operations and key 

subsidiaries and associated companies for 

which Keppel has management control, 

unless otherwise indicated. The reporting of 

the sustainability performance presented in 

the Report is collected centrally by a dedicated 

function in the Group and consolidated for 

reporting. Keppel uses a system called CR360 

to gather sustainability performance data 

globally. The data used for the Report this 

year is based on a combination of manual 

collection and collated information from CR360. 

The Report presents Keppel’s non-financial 

performance in the wide context of sustainability 

and explains how various initiatives from 

Keppel and its subsidiaries are aligned with 

achieving United Nations SDGs.

Completeness

The Report has adequately covered the 

sustainability strategy, management approach 

3 The LBG Framework measures a company’s overall contribution to the community, taking account of cash, time and in-kind donations, as well as management costs. 

The framework also records the outputs and longer-term community and business impacts of community investment projects.

4 The DNV GL Code of Conduct is available from the DNV GL website (www.dnvgl.com).



90 

 


Corporate Citizenship has been asked by Keppel Corporation to review its use of the 

LBG Framework to measure and report on the company’s corporate community investment 

activities occurring between January 2018 and December 2018.

The LBG Framework helps businesses measure, manage and report their corporate 

community investment activities. It moves beyond charitable donations to include the 

full range of contributions, or inputs, made to community causes (including time, in-kind and 

cash donations). It also assesses the actual results for the community and for the business, 

also known as outputs and impacts (see www.lbg-online.net for more information).

The scope of the LBG assurance covers the information presented in the Communities 

section of Keppel Corporation’s Sustainability Report for 2018, on pages 72-83. The assurance 

engagement was undertaken at a limited level and involved the following activities:

• 

Management interviews with key persons responsible for community investment activities 

to understand the process for collecting, validating and consolidating the data

• 

A site visit to verify the internal systems and procedures for collecting, validating and 

consolidating the data

• 

Checks on the accuracy and consistency of the data presented in this report on  

pages 72-83

As managers of LBG, Corporate Citizenship has worked with Keppel Corporation to review its 

understanding of the LBG framework and its application to measuring and reporting its wide 

range of community programmes. Our aim has been to ensure that the evaluation principles 

are correctly and consistently applied. We are satisfied, based on the limited scope described 

above, that this has been achieved. Our work has not extended to an independent audit of the 

data presented in this report.

 

Corporate Citizenship

Singapore

6 May 2019

LBG Assurance Statement 2018

 

Keppel Corporation Limited Sustainability Report 2018   

 91


Key Personnel

Other Information

Group Sustainability 

Steering Committee

Loh Chin Hua

Chairperson

Chief Executive Officer,

Keppel Corporation

Chan Hon Chew

Chief Financial Officer,

Keppel Corporation

Ong Tiong Guan

Chief Executive Officer,

Keppel Infrastructure

Christina Tan

Chief Executive Officer,

Keppel Capital

Chris Ong

Chief Executive Officer,

Keppel Offshore &amp; Marine

Tan Swee Yiow

Chief Executive Officer,

Keppel Land

Thomas Pang

Chief Executive Officer,

Keppel Telecommunications &amp; Transportation

Group Sustainability 

Working Committee

Sebastien Lamy

Co-Chairperson

Director,

Group Strategy &amp; Development,

Keppel Corporation and

Managing Director,

Keppel Technology &amp; Innovation

Ho Tong Yen

Co-Chairperson

Director, 

Group Corporate Communications, 

Keppel Corporation

Cindy Lim

Director, 

Group Corporate Development, 

Keppel Corporation and

Managing Director,

Keppel Urban Solutions

Yeo Meng Hin

Director,

Group Human Resources, 

Keppel Corporation

Caroline Chang

General Manager, 

Group Legal, 

Keppel Corporation

Tok Soo Hwa

General Manager,

Group Control &amp; Accounts, 

Keppel Corporation

Sepalika Kulasekera

General Manager, 

Group Internal Audit, 

Keppel Corporation

Kevin Chng

General Manager,

Group Risk &amp; Compliance, 

Keppel Corporation

R K Jaggi

General Manager, 

Group Health, Safety &amp; Environment, 

Keppel Corporation

Jay Singham

Executive Director, 

Commercial, 

Keppel FELS

Serena Toh

General Manager, 

Group Sustainability Strategy,

Keppel Corporation

Group Sustainability 

Secretariat

Sue-Ann Huang

Senior Manager,

Group Corporate Communications,

Keppel Corporation

Han Sufen

Senior Executive, 

Group Corporate Communications,

Keppel Corporation

92


Edited and Compiled by

Group Corporate Communications, Keppel Corporation

Designed by

Black Sun Pte Ltd


Keppel Corporation Limited

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)

1 HarbourFront Avenue

#18-01 Keppel Bay Tower

Singapore 098632

Tel: (65) 6270 6666

Fax: (65) 6413 6391

Email: keppelgroup@kepcorp.com

www.kepcorp.com

Co Reg No: 196800351N

