
1 

 

(Company Reg. No. 196000096G) 

 

____________________________________________________________________________ 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 JULY 2018 

___________________________________________________________________________ 

 

 

Chairman’s Letter 

 

We are pleased to present Khong Guan Limited’s (KGL) inaugural Sustainability Report for our 

financial year ended 31 July 2018. This report is set out on a “comply or explain” basis in 

accordance with Rule 711B and Practice Note 7.6 of the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (SGX-ST) Listing Manual on Continuing Listing Obligations. KGL has chosen 

the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) framework as it is the most established international 

sustainability reporting standard and in respect of the extent to which such framework is applied, 

this report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) reporting 

guidelines, at Core level. Corresponding to GRI’s emphasis on materiality, the report highlights 

the key environmental, social and governance related initiatives carried out throughout a 12-

month period, from 1 August 2017 to 31 July 2018. 

 

In defining our reporting content, we applied the GRI’s principles for defining report content by 

considering the Group’s activities, impacts and substantive expectations and interests of its 

stakeholders. We observed a total of four principles, including materiality, stakeholder 

inclusiveness, sustainability index and completeness. For reporting quality, we observed the 

principles of balance, comparability, accuracy, timeliness, clarity and reliability.  

 

The ESG data and information provided have not been verified by an independent third party. 

We have relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy. 

 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this 

enables us to improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and 

suggestions to enquiries@kg.com.sg 

 

 

 




2 

Board Statement on Sustainability 

 

Recognising the importance of sustainability, KGL has a Sustainability Committee that leads 

sustainability efforts throughout the Group. The Sustainability Committee reports directly to the 

Board which has considered sustainability issues as part of its strategic formulation, determined 

the material environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors and has overseen the 

management and monitoring of these factors. 

 

KGL is always adapting to key stakeholders’ concerns, closing any potential gaps and 

capitalizing on given opportunities. KGL’s board is fully committed in supporting the 

management in upholding governance and sustainability practices to achieve long-term success 

and value for its stakeholders. 

 

 

Sustainability Governance 

 

At KGL we believe that strong governance is the key to a sustainable business. Throughout the 

2018 financial year we have continued to comply with our Code of Corporate Governance. 

Please refer to the Financial Statements pages 10 - 21 on the details of the SGX Code of 

Corporate Governance. 

 

Our products and services meet all the requirements demanded by our customers and the 

regulatory bodies. We meet all environmental and safety standards that are expected of us. 

 

KGL pays strict attention to enforce good labour practices in all our operations. The company 

provides many training opportunities for continued employee development and this is reflected 

in our loyal workforce, many of whom have been with us for long periods of time as well as the 

quality and delivery of our products and services. We value our relationships with our clients 

and the wider community in which we operate and these relationships have helped us through 

challenging times in the past. KGL strongly believes that in the long run, these efforts will have a 

positive impact on our economic performance. 

 

 


3 

Organizational Chart 

 

 

 

About our Business 

Khong Guan Limited (KGL, The Group) encapsulates a thriving trading and distribution business 

in Malaysia dealing in fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) products and food ingredients 

through its subsidiary holdings in Tong Guan Food Products Sdn Bhd (TGF) and Swee Hin 

Chan Company Sdn Bhd (SHC), as well as in its 30% equity held associate in United Malayan 

Flour (1996) Sdn Bhd (UMF), a diversified group dealing in wheat flour, oatmeal, pulses, 

cooking oils, cereals and other investments. 

 

In our inaugural report, we will focus on KGL’s subsidiaries, Swee Hin Chan (SHC) and Tong 

Guan Food Products (TGF); as well as its associate, United Malayan Flour (UMF), and in turn, 

UMF’s subsidiary, Federal Oat Mills (FOM), as together these business units form the majority 

of our economic activity. 

 

The Group has a diversified portfolio of products and exports to over 30 countries worldwide. 

 

SHC is an established and renowned importer and distributor of high quality flour and starches 

and has been in business for more than a century in the region. Steeped in tradition yet 














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































4 

enterprising, SHC has built a proven track record of delivering high quality flour and starch 

products with value pricing and reliable service. 

 

Our products supplied including wheat flour and starches are halal certified by Jakim. Today, 

SHC’s starch business is one of the market leaders in Malaysia. 

 

TGF was incorporated in March 1973, and commenced its business as an importer and 

distributor of flour and biscuits. KGL owns 84.31% of TGF. It has been entrusted with the 

responsibility of marketing the rapidly expanding range of products for the Group in Sabah. 

 

Today TGF has grown into a full-fledged trading house that markets and distributes renowned 

consumer products such as foodstuff and household products to the entire state of Sabah. The 

range includes biscuits, snacks &amp; candies, canned food, beverages, household, oral and 

personal care items produced by many leading international manufacturers. A large sales force 

is supported by branch offices in all major towns that services more than 3,000 retail outlets. 

This dedicated sales force spread across its branches ensures a smooth and effective 

operations at all times. 

 

TGF has been importing and distributing brands and products for over 40 years in Sabah, from 

cities to small towns and villages to supermarkets, mini-markets, retail shops, hotels, modern 

F&amp;B outlets, coffee shops, roadside stalls, and to other businesses. Our distribution strength 

has helped our principal partners’ brands to reach all corners of Sabah. 

 

The Group and all its subsidiaries have always focused on product safety and compliance to 

bring our consumers quality goods. We have long focused on developing our human resources 

to ensure sustainable economic performance. Today, these values serve us well as we proudly 

present our inaugural sustainability report. 

 

 

 


5 

Management Approach 

In preparation for this inaugural sustainability report, the Group initiated a thought exercise with 

senior staff and external stakeholders at KGL, TGF and SHC to determine what values each 

find important today and visualised these concerns on a Materiality Matrix that maps against 

new sustainability targets that we will have going forward. Our sustainability team is made up of 

representative of each main area of the business. 

 

A separate, similar exercise was conducted at UMF. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






6 

The Group has designated a Sustainability Committee made up of sustainability officers in its 

subsidiaries SHC and TGF and two sustainability officers in the case of KGL itself which will 

work to further refine and develop our sustainability efforts going forward. UMF also has one 

designated sustainability officer. Please see the diagram for the Sustainability Committee below. 

 

Sustainability Committee 

 

 

 

Engagement of Key Stakeholders 

The Group is committed to engaging all of our stakeholders as part of our continued 

sustainability endeavors. We view stakeholder engagement as a continual process, not a one-

off event that ends when this report is printed. We engage with our stakeholders in a variety of 

formal and informal settings from the annual general meeting to ongoing dialogue with our 

partners and suppliers on how to improve our products. Our consumer facing brands in 

particular, such as FOM, have an enhanced focus on listening to our consumers, all our 

operations continually engage with local and national government to ensure we stay abreast of 

any concerns and legal developments. We listen to our employees and engage in trade groups 

in our day to day business. 

 

 

Corporate Governance and Risk Management 

Please refer to our Risk Management Policies and Processes in accordance with the SGX Code 

of Corporate Governance on pages 10 - 21 of our financial statements for the financial year 

ended 2018 for further details. 

 

 

Market Presence 

The key strength of TGF is the strength of our distribution network across all major towns in 

Sabah. We supply and deliver a wide range of basic food products such as flour, cooking oil, 

dairy products and enable our customers to enjoy the ease of having a single supply source for 




7 

the majority of their food products. Building on this strength the Company is now expanding into 

non-food products for our existing base. 

 

 

Environmental 

 

Energy and Water 

The Group will continue to monitor electricity and water usage to ensure they do not vary greatly 

from the previous year. Currently the electricity and water usage cost is not deemed material in 

our business and will not expect it to vary greatly from year to year. 

 

 

Transport 

The Company has a network of carefully selected outsourced transport partners for goods 

delivery which has been proven to optimise resources and minimises delivery costs. 

 

 

Social 

 

Labour Practices and Decent Work 

 

The Group does not condone and does not tolerate corruption or child labour in any form. All 

subsidiaries, including TGF and SHC, are expected to adhere to these same policies and we 

expect the same of all our business partners. 

 

The Group provides maternity leave for female staff in according with the law. KGL in 

Singapore, provides 12 weeks of paid maternity leave (16 for Singapore nationals) for female 

staff. For our other business units in Malaysia it is 60 days paid maternity leave.  

 

 

 


8 

Employment 

KGL has a total of 13 employees of which eight are male and five female. All but one of our 

employees have been with the company for more than ten years and eight of them have been 

with KGL for more than 20 years. These numbers prove that our employees are loyal and happy 

with life-long employment at KGL where we treat them as part of the family. Ethnically, 12 

employees are Chinese and one is Malay. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TGF has a total of 186 employees. The company is proud of its diverse employees and in 

particular in the length of service. Many of our employees expect to be with us for life and 62 of 

our employees have been with the company for more than 10 years. Indeed, with 37 being with 

us for more than 20 years, the level of employee satisfaction is something we are very proud of. 

 

 

 

 








9 

 

 

 

SHC has a diverse group of 34 employees. 

 

 








10 

 

 

 

 






11 

UMF has a diverse group of 127 employees. 

 

 

 

 

 








12 

 

FOM has 120 diverse employees. 

 

 

 

 

 










13 

Occupational Health and Safety 

Training and Education 

 

KGL does not have a formal internal training program for its staff. It does however send its staff 

for seminars and courses to keep abreast of the latest developments, especially on financial 

and regulatory aspects. 

 

At TGF, there is no formal internal training programme for new or current employees except on 

new product briefings. However, the small size of the organisation means that the company’s 

principals can effectively share data with employees on the job training on an adhoc basis when 

and where required. TGF has an annual training for fire safety on the warehouse conducted by 

the Company that provide Tong Guan's fire safety certification as required by the local Fire 

Brigade Department. 

 

SHC provides on-demand on the job training with senior staff. 

 

UMF had 16 formal off-site training courses for eight of its employees in FY2018. UMF also ran 

internal training programmes focusing on internal audit (10 staff, 14 hours) and three courses on 

preventative maintenance (21 staff for 14, 7 and 7 hours).  The UMF Group applies for and 

receives funds from Malaysia’s Human Resource Development Fund (HRDF) for training of our 

staff. 

 

 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

The Group has a non-discriminatory and equal opportunity employment hiring practice. Since 

beginning our sustainability reporting we are aware of our legacy imbalances and will continuing 

monitoring them carefully going forward. 

 

 

Labour Practices and Grievance Mechanisms 

The Group has a clear labour grievance procedure. Any affected staff can raise concerns with 

their Head of Department, (HOD) and HOD will forward the matter to management if required. 

 

All employees are subject to an annual performance review and are given constructive feedback 

for their further development. 

 

 

Child Labour &amp; Forced or Compulsory Labour 

We will not tolerate the use of child labour, nor exploitation of children, in any of our operations 

and facilities. Child labour, as defined by the International Labour Organisation (ILO) 

Convention is “work by children under the age of 12; work by children under the age of 15 that 

prevents school attendance; and work by children under of age of 18 that is hazardous to the 

physical or mental health of the child”. 

 


14 

We shall not employ children that falls into the definition as stipulated by ILO Convention. 

 

We do not do business with partners who do not share our views on zero tolerance for child 

labour. 

 

The company is committed to ensuring that there is no forced or compulsory labour in any part 

of our business and in our supply chain partners. We are committed to ethical and responsible 

dealings in our business relationships and going forward we will be implementing systems and 

controls to ensure that no forced or compulsory labour is taking place anywhere in our supply 

chains. 

 

 

Indigenous Rights 

The Group supports indigenous rights and we monitor the ratio of indigenous / Bumiputera in 

our workforce. 

 

As of June 2018, just under half (16 of 34) of SHC’s staff are ethnic Malays and more than half 

(97 of 186) of TGF employees are ethnic Malay. 

 

 

Supplier Environmental and Labour Assessment 

Currently TGF and SHC does not do any formal supplier assessment. However, we are 

designing questionnaires and will roll them out in the near future to formalise the procedures. 

 

UMF and FOM currently have a detailed supplier questionnaire that covers safety, accreditation, 

traceability, safety of containers and ink used for labelling among other things. Going forward 

the group will expand these questionnaires to cover human rights and other sustainability 

concerns. 

 

 

Anti-corruption Policies and Procedures 

We shall not engage in bribery or any form of financial crime. We must never offer, promise or 

give bribes in connection with our business and we must never ask for or accept bribes. At KGL, 

we have company policies that all employees are made aware of on the anti-corruption policies 

and procedures. 

 

 

Society 

 

Local Communities 

While KGL, TGF and SHC do not have any formal CSR programmes, we often step up to 

support local communities on an ad-hoc basis. 

 


15 

However, as one of Malaysia’s leading consumer-facing brands, UMF’s fully-owned subsidiary 

Federal Oat Mills (“FOM”) has a robust and high-profile charitable presence. In FY2018, FOM  

donated over 50,000 Ringgit Malaysia to the National Heart Institute (Institut Jantung Negara, 

“IJN”) with the fund being used to help fund surgery for children with heart ailments. FOM also 

provides free oatmeal products to those who attend IJN for heart checkups. FOM has become a 

gold partner to the non-profit IJN by pledging 50,000 RM a year over the next three years. 

 

FOM also sponsored a health check-up for 200 residents of the Kimsar Garden community in 

Prai, Malaysia; a cleanup project in the Penang National park and the 7 km Ipoh Starwalk 

annual health walk. 

 

 

Consumer Health and Safety 

As a foods and household product company we need to take product responsibility and 

consumer health and safety very seriously. One mishap can damage our reputation that has 

taken decades to build up to what it is today. 

 

 

Product and Service Labelling 

The Group complies with the numerous product labelling laws for the consumer goods and 

foods industries that we operate in. Clarity and accuracy of product labelling was actually the 

highest ranked concern in all our ESG surveys for both internal and external stakeholders. 

 

 

Compliance 

TGF has the following certifications: HACCP, ISO, GMP, HALAL, MERST. TGF is also licensed 

to carry out its business on basic commodities products such as sugar, rice and cooking oil. The 

Company is also licensed by Ministry of Health to sell certain medications that are under the 

Scheduled Prescription Drugs. 

 

SHC has HALAL certification. SHC is in the process of obtaining MESTI application. 

 

UMF has HALAL certification and ISO 22000:2005 certification. 

