



KIMLY LIMITED

2



CONTENT









01 

Board Statement 

02 

Kimly’s Sustainability Story 

06 

Ethics and Integrity 

06 

Governance and Statement of the 

Board 

07 

Stakeholder Engagement 

08 

Reporting Practice 

09 

Our Customers 

09 

Food Health and Safety 

10 

Customer Safety 

10 

Customer Satisfaction

11 

Our People 

11 

Occupational Health and Safety 

12 

Employee Diversity 

12 

Employee Benefits 

12 

Training and Education

13 

Protecting the Environment 

13 

Energy and Emissions 

Management 

13 

Water Conservation 

13 

Effluents and Waste Management 

14 

Environmental Compliance

15 

Contributions to Our Community 

15 

Pioneering Innovation 

15 

Creating Employment and Job 

Opportunities 

16 

Preserving Our Hawker Culture 

16 

Supplier Social Management 

16 

Socioeconomic Compliance 

17 

SGX Five Primary Components 

Index 

18 

GRI Standards Content Index 








SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

01

Kimly Limited (“Kimly” or the “Group”) is one of the largest traditional coffee shop 

operators in Singapore with more than 25 years of experience. The key element of 

our long-standing success is our commitment to uphold high food quality and safety 

standards. We maintain stringent food safety control measures in all stages of our 

operations to deliver healthy and hygienic food products to our customers.

The Group has implemented various strategic initiatives to develop the sustainability 

of our business operations. Beyond sustainable measures to reduce environmental 

impacts of our daily operations, we endeavour to drive innovation and streamline 

our outlet operations. This is evident from the sustainable and innovative design of 

our new outlets, as well as the implementation of technology at our food stalls to 

improve productivity. We have also invested in technology advancement of the food 

retail division to reduce food wastage in our operations.

Kimly values the opinions of its customers. Through active engagements and feedback 

mechanisms implemented to receive compliments and suggestions from customers, 

we have developed a deeper understanding of the concerns of our customers and 

areas to improve our service to serve them better. The Group conducts appropriate 

follow-up actions and service recovery where necessary and takes into account these 

concerns when it plans for the future. 

The Group is committed to consciously seek sustainable ways to operate our business 

and will continue to place emphasis on good sustainability practices. 

BOARD  

STATEMENT
























































































































































































SUSTAINABILITY PHILOSOPHY IN FOODSERVICE

At Kimly, we endeavour to benefit the economy, environment and society through the development of a sustainable food value 

chain. 

ECO-

SOCIAL

PROGRESS

SUSTAINABLE

DEVELOPMENT

GREEN  

GROWTH

ENVIRONMENTAL 

PILLAR

- Reduce Carbon Footprint

-  Reduce Water Footprint

-  Improve Energy 

Efficiencies

- Reduce Food Wastage

ECONOMIC PILLAR

- Increase Profits

- Create Jobs

- Improve Food Supply

SOCIAL PILLAR

- Serve Nutritional and 

Healthy Food

-  Ensure Employee  

Health and Safety

- Promote Hawker  

Culture

INCLUSIVE 

GROWTH

Pillars of Sustainable Food Value Chain1

We adopt a holistic and responsible approach to sustainable development and simultaneously consider the short-term and long-

term economic, environmental and social impacts of the decisions we make. In order to operate in line with our sustainability 

philosophy, sustainability agenda is taken into consideration in the setting of key performance indicators (“KPIs”) and management 

incentives. 

1 

 Sustainable Food Value Chains Knowledge Platform. Retrieved from: http://www.fao.org/sustainable-food-value-chains/what-is-it/en/ 

KIMLY’S 

SUSTAINABILITY STORY

































KIMLY LIMITED

02


Economic Pillar

We actively contribute to the society by creating employment 

and job opportunities for the local communities where we 

operate in. In addition, by offering healthier and safe food 

options at reasonable prices, we have been able to ensure 

that our customers can consume affordable nutritious meals 

at our various neighbourhood coffee shops. We have started to 

offer brown rice at our Mixed Vegetable Rice stalls. We have 

conducted calorie count for the food served at our food courts 

in the universities, and displayed Health Promotion Board  

(“HPB”) healthier choice logo on food which contains less than 

500 calories per serving.

Social Pillar

Due to the perishable nature of our raw materials, our central 

kitchens make daily deliveries to our food stalls so that the food 

prepared at our food stalls are always fresh and safe for our 

customers.

Apart from ensuring no hygiene lapses in the areas of food 

storage and food preparation, we source our ingredients from 

licenced, AVA-approved suppliers and adopt a First-Expired-

First-Out System to ensure quality and freshness of our 

ingredients. As part of our continuous effort to stay up-to-date 

with the best practices in terms of kitchen design features 

to reduce food contamination, we periodically invest into 

refurbishment of our central kitchens, and one such upgrading 

project was completed in FY2018.

Training is provided for our employees to handle new 

technologies such as the introduction of combi oven at four 

of our Mixed Vegetable Rice stalls, and we are encouraged 

by the response from our employees so far. By introducing 

new technologies to help them lighten their workload, we 

have also upskilled our employees so that they can perform 

higher value tasks like customer service. As an employer, we 

look forward to further reduce our reliance on manpower, and 

share the benefits with our employees by providing additional 

performance incentives when certain performance indicators, 

example: revenue per worker, are achieved.  

We have also continuously expanded our presence in the 

various neighbourhoods of Singapore thus creating more 

job opportunities for potential hawkers and workers. The 

manpower requirement at each new coffee shop is about 8 

to 10 employees and another 6 to 8 if we provide the cleaning 

services in-house.

Environmental Pillar

Kimly continues to actively pursue environmental-friendly 

ways in its daily operations through equipment upgrading and 

pollution prevention to achieve resource efficiency. 

In FY2019, we have increased our energy efficiency through 

the installation of new combi ovens at our stalls. These new 

ovens enable multiple cooking methods: grilling, baking and 

steaming, and come with a self-cleaning function. As such, we 

can conserve the energy consumed by reducing the number of 

steps in our operations. We are looking towards introducing 

more new technologies to our outlets when opportunities arise. 













































KIMLY’S 

SUSTAINABILITY STORY

03

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


SUSTAINABILITY RISK MANAGEMENT 

 

In the midst of expanding and developing our business, we are acutely aware of the potential risks on the Environmental, Social 

and Governance (“ESG”) front. As such, we have implemented adequate sustainability risk identification and management to 

mitigate such risks and capitalise on the opportunities that they may present.

 

Type of Risks

Targets for FY2019 

Practices

Performance in FY2019

Governance and 

Compliance 

Risk

Zero significant reported cases of 

misconduct

Staff training and awareness 

on code of conduct

Achieved zero reported  

cases of misconduct

Reputation Risk

Zero reported incident of marketing 

non-compliance 

Zero negative feedback and media 

coverage due to unattended customer 

dissatisfaction

Adequate policies and 

procedures regarding 

customer satisfaction and 

public relations to monitor 

customer feedback on a 

timely basis

Achieved zero reported 

incident due to customer 

dissatisfaction

Food Safety and 

Hygiene Risk

Zero reported incident regarding food 

safety and hygiene

Staff training and awareness 

on proper food safety and 

hygiene practices

Achieved zero reported 

incident regarding food  

safety and hygiene

Received 80 demerit points 

at certain outlets and food 

stalls

SUSTAINABILITY TARGETS 

The Group recognises the importance of food health and safety compliance 

at our food stalls and will continue to endeavour for a zero-incident rate. 

We believe that employees are the organisation’s greatest assets. The 

Group is committed to nurture and groom all employees and stretch them 

to their fullest. We will continue to provide opportunities for our staff to 

upgrade their current skillsets or pick up new skills. 

Environmentally, we are committed to reduce our carbon footprint as far 

as possible. We are currently exploring the use of more eco-friendly-

materials for packaging and using energy-and water-saving equipment 

in our coffee shops. 

Active involvement in charities and implementation of socially responsible practices at home 

and overseas enabled us to achieve greater customer loyalty and community support. We aim to 

collaborate more strategically with various stakeholders such as non-profit organisations and academic 

institutions to bridge the gap between the Group and the local communities. 

KIMLY’S 

SUSTAINABILITY STORY









KIMLY LIMITED

04


The table below summarises our sustainability performance in FY2019 and targets for FY2020:

Segment

Environmental Performance in FY2019

Group-wide

• Achieved zero environmental non-compliance

• Achieved energy intensity of 0.127 kWh/S$ at outlets

Segment

Environmental Targets in FY2020

Outlet Management

• Improve energy and water efficiency at outlets

Food Retail

• Reduce energy consumption at central kitchens

• Reduce food wastage through technology adoption and effective measures

Group-wide

• Maintain energy intensity of 0.127 kWh/S$ at outlets

• Zero incident of environmental non-compliance

Segment

Social Performance in FY2019

Outlet Management

• Achieved zero food health and safety incident at outlets

• Achieved zero customer physical health and safety incident at outlets

Food Retail

• Achieved zero incident of food health and safety non-compliance at central kitchens

Group-wide

• There were 10 reported workplace related safety incidents

Segment

Social Targets in FY2020

Outlet Management

• Zero food health and safety incident that will lead to suspension at outlets

• Zero occupational health and safety incident resulting in man days to be lost at outlets

• Zero incident of non-compliance concerning market communications of properties

Food Retail

• Zero incident of food health and safety non-compliance at central kitchens

• Zero occupational health and safety incident at central kitchens

• Technology adoption to improve productivity and food quality

• Achieve a positive trend in customer feedback on product quality, service and cleanliness at 

our outlets

Group-wide

• Zero incident of socioeconomic non-compliance

KIMLY’S 

SUSTAINABILITY STORY

NOTEWORTHY ACHIEVEMENTS

The Group’s continual success for the past 29 years enabled us to continue to enhance enterprise value for shareholders and 

provide better options for our customers. 

Kimly enjoys the distinction of being one of the largest traditional coffee shop operators in Singapore. As at the date of this report, 

the Group enjoys a 98% occupancy rate for a total of over 500 stalls within our managed outlets. 

Kimly was recognised as one of Singapore’s fastest-growing companies in 2019 by The Straits Times. In addition, our central 

kitchens were awarded a B grading by Agri-Food &amp; Veterinary Authority of Singapore (“AVA”) in 2019. 

05

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


ANTI-CORRUPTION 

GRI 205-1, 205-2, 205-3

Integrity, responsibility and accountability are the core principles of Kimly. There is an Employee Code 

of Conduct in place that reiterates Kimly’s firm position against corruption and bribery and provides a 

framework for all staff to adhere to in their dealings with customers, business partners and other colleagues. 

Our stand against corruption and bribery is also clearly communicated to all our business partners before 

they commence dealings with our Group. Under our Code, suppliers are expected to comply with applicable 

anti-corruption laws and regulations.

In FY2019, there were no reported cases of corruption.

ETHICS 

AND INTEGRITY

GOVERNANCE AND  

STATEMENT OF THE BOARD 

Established to drive Kimly’s sustainability efforts, the Group’s Sustainability Task Force (“Task Force”) 

comprising key management personnel and representatives from various business units is responsible 

for formulating the sustainability framework, spearheading initiatives and monitoring its sustainability 

performance. The Task Force is chaired by the Head of Outlet Operations, who reports to the Board of 

Directors. 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

SUSTAINABILITY TASK FORCE

WORK TEAMS

OUTLET 

MANAGEMENT

FINANCE

FOOD 

RETAIL

HUMAN

RESOURCE

The Task Force reviews the Group’s sustainability objectives, challenges, targets and progress to align with 

strategic direction of the Group, and supervises the work teams in implementing and tracking sustainability 

data and progress. The Board oversees the process to engage stakeholders and identify material topics. 

The Board has considered sustainability issues as part of our strategic formulation, approved the material 

environmental, social and economic topics identified and overseen that the factors identified are managed 

and monitored. 

















KIMLY LIMITED

06


07

STAKEHOLDER 

ENGAGEMENT

The Group understands sustainable growth is dependent on meeting and exceeding the expectations of our key stakeholders. We 

determine the material topics based on the principle of materiality to stakeholders. 

We value involvement of all of our stakeholder groups and use a variety of channels to engage with them as well as collect their 

feedback. We identify stakeholders as groups that have an impact, or have the potential to be impacted by our business, as 

well as those external organisations that have proficiency in areas that we consider material. The feedback we receive from our 

stakeholders helps us determine our material topics and identify our focus areas.

The following table summarises our key stakeholders, engagement platforms and their key concerns. 

Stakeholders

Engagement Platforms

Areas of Concern

Section Reference

Employees

• Regular dialogues

• Team Bonding Events

• Service Appraisal &amp; Staff Recognition

• Remuneration and benefits

• Training and development

• Health and safety

• Career &amp; Development 

Opportunities

• Customer Relationship 

Management skills

• Our People 

Customers

• Customer surveys/reviews

• Advertisements/Media Campaigns

• Food Safety &amp; Hygiene 

• Variety of food

• Customer Service and Food 

Quality

• Food Health and Safety 

• Customer Safety

• Customer Satisfaction

Stallholders

• Daily interactions

• Regular feedback sessions

• Food court environment 

and maintenance

• Sustaining customer brand 

loyalty

• Occupational Health and 

Safety

• Food Health and Safety

Suppliers

• Supplier evaluation

• Supplier management

• Positive supplier 

relationship management

• Food Health and Safety

• Code of Conduct

Community

• Corporate social responsibility 

programmes

• Sponsorships

• Corporate Donations

• Community engagement 

services

• Contributions to Our 

Community

Government and 

Regulators

• Industry seminars

• Focus group discussions

• Food safety compliance 

with Singapore Food 

Agency (“SFA”) and AVA

• Economic Performance

• Food Health and Safety

• Environment Compliance 

Shareholders and 

Investors

• SGX announcements

• Annual reports

• Quarterly reports and updates

• Annual General Meetings

• Economic performance

• Anti-corruption policy

• Business Performance 

Plans

• Capital Management 

Strategy

• Anti-Corruption

• Annual Report

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


KIMLY LIMITED

08

Our sustainability report is produced in accordance to the GRI 

standards “Core” option covering our Group’s performance 

from 1 October 2018 to 30 September 2019. 

The GRI standards represent the global best practices for 

reporting on economic, environmental and social topics. 

Detailed section reference with GRI Standards is found at GRI 

Standards Content Index section of this report.

The report also incorporates primary components of 

report content as set out by the SGX’s “Comply or Explain” 

requirements on sustainability reporting. 

GRI does not require external assurance and this year the Group 

has chosen not to obtain external assurance. Nevertheless, the 

Group’s Sustainability Task Force will subsequently review the 

option for external assurance of its sustainability report.

The Group’s material topics are identified based on their 

impacts on our internal and external stakeholders, as outlined 

in the Stakeholders Engagement section.

REPORTING 

PRACTICE

Material Topics

Boundaries (country or entity)

ECONOMIC

GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts

The Group

GRI 205: Anti-corruption

ENVIRONMENTAL 

GRI 301: Materials

The Group

GRI 302: Energy

GRI 303: Water

GRI 305: Emissions

GRI 306: Effluents and Waste

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance

GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment

SOCIAL 

GRI 401: Employment

The Group

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety

GRI 404: Training and Education

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity

GRI 406: Non-Discrimination

GRI 408: Child Labour

GRI 413: Local Community

GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment

GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety

Each year, we use a structured process to select the report’s 

content and confirm its relevance and prominence, particularly 

in relation to the environment and society.

The key areas covered in FY2018 were as follows:

• 

Food health and safety

• 

Energy and emissions management

• 

Water management

• 

Effluents and waste management

Our 2019 Sustainability Report focuses on the key sustainability 

challenges Kimly faces for each business segments and 

explores the many ways that we are responding. We have 

structured the report by segments and identified the following 

key areas for FY2019:

• 

Food health and safety

• 

Customer safisfaction

• 

Pioneering innovation

• 

Energy and emissions management

• 

Water management

• 

Effluents and waste management

• 

Supplier social management


OUR

CUSTOMERS

As a reputable food service provider, ensuring customer health 

and safety has been, and will always be our topmost priority. 

The Group is extremely stringent in our food safety standards 

and practices, and we strictly comply with local food safety 

regulations. We strive to have a zero-incident rate by always 

prioritising cleanliness and food hygiene in our daily operations.

FOOD HEALTH AND SAFETY 

GRI 416-1, 416-2

Food Retail 

Kimly has always believed in serving our customers healthy, 

safe and tasty food choices. As a renowned and trustworthy 

food service provider, achieving and maintaining high quality 

and safety standards along our food value chain is essential in 

delivering quality prepared food that is safe for consumption. 

As such, the Group is judicious in our selection of suppliers and 

food vendors. 

Supplier Selection

Product quality and reliability of suppliers’ services such 

as timeliness of delivery are extremely essential factors of 

consideration in our supplier selection to assure the freshness, 

quality and safety of our ingredients. Another supplier 

assessment criteria is the total cost of ownership which 

includes unit price, payment terms, rebates offered and other 

qualitative costs to ensure the economic sustainability of our 

food value chain. 

Procurement Process

Our procurement process covers the following areas:

1. 

Inventory control

2. 

Storage of goods

3. 

Vendors feedback

4. 

Receiving of goods

5. 

Products purchased from approved suppliers’ list

6. 

Month-end inventory report

The Group only procures from approved suppliers that produce, 

package, store and deliver products in accordance with 

good manufacturing practices prevailing in their respective 

industries. To ensure freshness of our food, we prioritise 

local suppliers with at least an AVA “B” Grade. Suppliers are 

expected to provide goods and services that consistently meet 

our required specifications, especially for product quality and 

timeliness of product delivery. 

In order to offer our customers healthier food choices, we went 

the extra mile to procure primarily from suppliers of Healthier 

Ingredients. Our main supplier for vegetable oil and rice 

participates in HPB’s Healthier Ingredient Development Scheme 

(“HDIS”) and is one of the Healthier Ingredient suppliers. The 

Group has also made brown rice as an available option at our 

Mixed Vegetable Rice Stalls to better serve customers who are 

on a wholegrain diet.

Food Storage

Other than ensuring food quality and safety at the procurement 

stage, the Group also implements comprehensive food storage 

policies to keep our food products fresh and wholesome. Our 

central kitchens adopt a minimum inventory policy, and most 

of the semi-finished food products are prepared and sent to 

our food stalls daily via chilled delivery trucks to maximise 

freshness of the food products. 

In addition, ingredients at our food stalls are kept in chillers and 

freezers and the temperatures are monitored daily. Expiry dates 

on the food and ingredient packaging have to be checked before 

use. This ensures that the storage conditions are optimised to 

maintain the freshness of the ingredients stored. 

09

“IN ORDER TO OFFER OUR 

CUSTOMERS HEALTHIER FOOD 

CHOICES, WE WENT THE EXTRA 

MILE TO PROCURE PRIMARILY 

FROM SUPPLIERS OF HEALTHIER 

INGREDIENTS.”

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


KIMLY LIMITED

10

Food Preparation

In the stage of food preparation, Kimly adopts very stringent 

food hygiene practices and guidelines. Daily inspections are 

conducted on all food handlers to monitor their physical state 

and personal hygiene. The food manufacturing division and 

areas such as food delivery vehicles and food storage areas 

are also inspected daily for cleanliness and neatness. Food 

handlers who return from medical leave have to be checked 

by the supervisor to ensure that all symptoms are cleared 

before they commence work. All employees involved in food 

preparation are required to comply with these practices. 

Employees who are involved in handling food are required to 

attend and pass the Basic Food Hygiene Course.

Outlet Management

Kimly ensures that all food stall owners are aware of the 

importance of health and safety compliance before a stall 

is leased out to them. This ensures consistent food safety 

awareness and practices across all levels of the Group.

In addition, each food stall is monitored by Assistant Executive 

Chefs who ensure that the food products sent from our central 

kitchens are properly handled according to the Standard 

Operating Procedures (“SOPs”) implemented by the Executive 

Chefs. 

We have assembled a quality and compliance assurance team 

(“QC Team”) comprising executive chefs of each food division. 

The QC Team is headed by the Head of Outlet Operations. The 

QC Team periodically conducts surprise visits at each outlet and 

food stall. Photographs of non-compliance with regulations are 

taken and notes are documented by our administration team. 

Immediate rectification actions are required to be taken and 

these actions will be monitored, recorded and verified by Head 

of Outlet Operations before closing the case. This ensures food 

vendors’ compliance with the SOPs in areas of food storage and 

supplier management. 

Following SFA’s step up on checks on food establishments, 

80 demerit points were issued to certain outlets and food 

stalls due to isolated incidences of hygiene lapses in FY2019. 

We have since taken necessary actions and strengthened the 

enforcement of proper hygiene checks and practices in our 

outlets to prevent recurrence of such incidences. 

Out of the 208 drink and food stalls we operate, 44 stalls 

achieved the “A” grading, 162 stalls achieved the “B” grading 

and 2 stalls achieved “C” grading. 

CUSTOMER SAFETY 

GRI 416-1

Outlet Management

Other than ensuring food safety, Kimly is committed to providing 

a safe environment for our customers when they dine at our 

outlets. We implement measures to ensure the protection of 

our customers from safety hazards. Slippery floor warning 

signs are placed prominently at areas where floors are more 

susceptible to water spillage, and when floors are mopped. We 

take extra care in the selection of non-slip floor tiles in all our 

outlets. There is also a dedicated team of general washers who 

are scheduled to visit each of our outlets at least once a month 

to scrub the floor and remove excessive dirt and oil. 

Daily checks are conducted to ensure that there are no pests 

breeding in food storage/consumption/preparation areas or 

contaminations that may encourage pest breeding.

There were zero physical safety incidents in FY2019.

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION 

GRI 416-1

At Kimly, customer satisfaction is one of our top priority, as it 

is the key driver to our success and growth. We are dedicated 

to provide our customers with a satisfactory dining experience 

and we seek to continuously improve our service standards 

through their feedback.

Outlet Management and Food Retail 

Feedback mechanism and service recovery/follow-up measures 

at outlets

 

In FY2019, we received 10 concerns through various channels. 

We endeavour to achieve a positive trend in customer feedback 

on product quality, service and cleanliness at all outlets. We will 

continue to monitor and follow up on customer feedback on a 

regular and timely basis.

OUR

CUSTOMERS


11

The Group ensures that all stall staff in the various coffee shops 

are equipped with the relevant skills when it comes to food 

handling and occupational safety. Before they can be registered 

as qualified food handlers, all our employees working at our 

drink and food stalls are required to attend and pass the Basic 

Food Hygiene course. During the current financial year, there 

has been no instances of safety lapses in the Group’s coffee 

shops and outlets. 

The Group also adopts policies and practices in accordance 

with the Tripartite Guidelines initiated by Ministry of Manpower 

of Singapore in promoting fair and responsible employment 

practices. The Group abides by the principles of fair employment 

and adopts the recommended good practices: 

• 

Recruit and select employees on the basis of merit (such 

as skills, experience or ability to perform the job), and 

regardless of age, race, gender, religion, marital status 

and family responsibilities, or disability. 

• 

Treat employees fairly and with respect, and implement 

progressive human resource management systems.

• 

Provide employees with equal opportunity for training 

and development based on their strengths and needs to 

help them achieve their full potential.

• 

Reward employees fairly based on their ability, 

performance, contribution and experience.

• 

Abide by prevailing labour laws and adopt the Tripartite 

Guidelines on Fair Employment Practices.

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

GRI 403-2, 403-3

The Group has implemented detailed operating procedures to 

ensure the safety and health of its employees. 

The Group has provided guidelines to all employees on how 

to handle various workplace incidents. In the event that an 

employee suffers an injury, he/she will receive prompt medical 

attention and the incident will be reported immediately to the 

Executive Director. The head of the department will then raise a 

Corrective Preventive Action Report which details the nature of 

the incident and mitigating measures to prevent recurrence of 

such incidents in the future.

In addition, to ensure that our staffs’ gear and attire are in 

good condition, Kimly provides a replacement gear/attire for 

our central kitchen staff every 6 months. Daily checks are 

conducted on premises, and key areas such as ventilation, 

lighting, storage space and kitchen space are inspected.

The Group provides workmen compensation insurance to cover 

work-related injuries sustained by employees during their 

working hours. There is also a separate medical insurance for 

our foreign employees to cover their non-work-related medical 

treatment outside working hours.

In keeping with our development of a sustainable food value 

chain in the social dimension, the Group also requires our 

suppliers to provide a safe and healthy working environment 

for their employees. Suppliers are encouraged to implement 

policies that promote the general health of employees and 

prevent work-related injuries and illness.

In FY2019, there were 10 reported workplace safety related 

incidents, higher than six incidents reported in FY2018. These 

incidents have been duly resolved and we have improved our 

practices and staff safety awareness to mitigate occupational 

safety risks. 

OUR

PEOPLE





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


KIMLY LIMITED

12

EMPLOYEE DIVERSITY 

GRI 405-1, 405-2

The Group is committed to ensure that all staff are treated with 

dignity and respect regardless of rank. As at 30 September 2019, 

Kimly had a total strength of 2,088 employees (30 September 

2018: 2,252 employees). We are committed to having a well-

balanced gender ratio, as evident from our increase in female-

to-male ratio from FY2018 to FY2019. The Group has a diversified 

workforce consisting of employees coming from different 

countries such as China, Malaysia, Vietnam and Indonesia. We 

value the experience and knowledge of our senior staff as well 

as the passion and adaptability of the younger staff. 

OUR WORKFORCE 2018

29.0%

20.2%

Above 50

49.2%

9.2%

5.6%

Between 40 and 50

14.8%

7.3%

6.0%

Between 30 and 40

13.3%

5.6%

17.1%

Below 30

22.7%

    Male

    Female

OUR WORKFORCE 2019

Below 30 

21.7%

17.0%

4.7%

6.8%

7.1%

Between 30 and 40

13.9%

19.7%

30.8%

Above 50

50.5%

5.1%

8.8%

Between 40 and 50

13.9%

    Male

    Female

Kimly treats all staff equally regardless of age, race or gender 

and gives them opportunities to develop their full potential. We 

have a group-wide Non-Discrimination Policy, and any staff 

who feels unfairly discriminated against can freely inform our 

Human Resources Department. All correspondences will be 

kept in strictest confidence.

The Group rewards employees based on a series of attributes 

that include performance, competence and experience. Staff 

remuneration is determined based on employees’ performance, 

expected roles and responsibilities, and the Group’s financial 

performance. We conduct annual appraisals for all employees 

using a holistic set of criteria such as team spirit, interpersonal 

skills and creativity.

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS 

GRI 401-2, 401-3

All employees are entitled to a range of benefits that promote 

staff well-being and productivity, including medical insurance 

and parental leave. The Group ensures that its staff are engaged 

and rewarded with competitive benefits that are in line with 

industry standards. 

The Group had in July 2019 introduced a Performance Share 

Plan (“PSP”) for its Outlets’ Operations Managers. This is part 

of the Group’s ongoing plans to better align performance with 

remuneration, and this plan also forms the foundation in our 

strategy to share the success of the Group with our employees 

as we hope to attract and retain talents to join us in co-creating 

a brighter future for Kimly. During the financial year, the 

Company granted 153,000 performance share awards. These 

share awards were not released as at 30 September 2019. 

Kimly makes an effort to ensure that all staff remain engaged and 

motivated in their jobs. Some staff retention strategies adopted 

by Kimly include providing them with School Textbook subsidies 

where $200 is given to each qualified employee annually to help 

them defray their children’s education expenses. In addition, 

some employees receive monthly transport and meal allowance 

to help them better manage the rising cost of living. 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

GRI 404-1, 404-2, 404-3

The Group recognises that our employees are our vital asset, 

we provide them with continuous training and development 

to help them upgrade themselves. All staff will be given the 

necessary training to equip them with the right skillsets and 

knowledge to effectively perform their jobs. In compliance with 

SFA requirements, we send all food handlers for food hygiene 

courses. 

OUR

PEOPLE


















PROTECTING

THE ENVIRONMENT 

Kimly endeavours to be a socially responsible corporation by 

adopting sustainable business practices. We regularly monitor 

the environmental impacts of our various operations and have 

implemented measures and policies to minimise energy and 

water consumption, and ensure proper effluents and waste 

management.

ENERGY AND EMISSIONS MANAGEMENT 

GRI 302-1, 302-3, 302-4, 302-5, 305-2, 305-4, 305-5

The Group endeavours to maximise our energy conservation 

efforts to reduce our carbon footprint and develop the 

environmental sustainability of our business. We aim to achieve 

significant results in energy conservation by optimising our 

equipment capacity.

In FY2019, a total of 21,900,000 kWh of energy was consumed 

on a group-wide level, and the overall energy intensity stood 

at 0.127 kWh/S$ of revenue. We will continue to improve our 

energy efficiency and conservation measures to lower our 

energy intensity in FY2020. 

Outlet Management

In an effort to reduce energy consumption at all outlets, we have 

implemented various conservation measures and increased 

energy efficiency of our operations, such as replacing florescent 

lights in coffee shops with more energy-efficient LED lights to 

achieve energy conservation.

We will progressively replace traditional operating equipment 

with energy-efficient ones and regularly maintain existing 

equipment to ensure that they are in optimal condition and 

continue to consume energy efficiently.

The Group will continue to implement energy conservation 

measures and upgrade our equipment to further increase the 

energy-efficiency of our operations at all outlets.

WATER CONSERVATION 

GRI 303-1, 303-3

The Group endeavours to maximise our water conservation 

efforts and reduce water wastage in our business. We aim to 

achieve significant results in water conservation by optimising 

our water usage.

In FY2019, our total water consumption stood at 679,000 m3 on a 

group-wide level, and the overall water intensity stood at 0.004 

m3/S$ of revenue. We will continue to improve our operations 

and practices to lower our water intensity in FY2020. 

Outlet Management

The Group endeavours to reduce the water footprint of our 

daily operations. As such, we have implemented changes such 

as installing a dishwasher at all drink stalls to wash glasses 

and cups more efficiently. The dishwasher also comes with a 

filtration system and water collection tank to further reduce 

water consumption. 

We will continue to improve our water conservation efforts and 

increase the water efficiency of our equipment in the future to 

reduce total water consumption.

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE MANAGEMENT 

GRI 301-2, 306-1, 306-2

Outlet Management

In FY2019, the Group implemented eco-design in the 

construction of new coffee shops. We incorporated the use of 

recycled packaging materials in the design of our new coffee 

shops in an effort to reduce the environmental impact of our 

operations.

Design for Recycling – use of recycled packaging materials in the 

construction of new coffee shops





13

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


PROTECTING

THE ENVIRONMENT 

The Group segregates paper cartons and aluminium from the 

rest of the waste generated for recycling and strives to find 

new uses for these materials. Empty aluminium drink cans are 

recycled and empty bottles are reused to store various sauces. 

Recyclable delivery food grade boxes are used to deliver semi-

finished food products from the central kitchens to our food 

stalls throughout Singapore. These boxes can be used multiple 

times and thus can reduce the amount of packaging materials 

needed. 

We encourage our food stalls to collect used cooking oils in 

separate containers for collection by licensed collectors, where 

the oil is processed and used to make industrial soaps and 

detergents. 

We endeavour to reduce the amount of waste and effluents 

produced from our daily operations through implementing 

recycling measures and encouraging vendors and customers 

to use less plastic bags, containers and utensils. Following the 

move to reduce plastic straws usage, we have rolled out new 

cup lid designs that eliminate the need for plastic straws.

Sustainable Product Design – using new cup lids that allow drink 

consumption without straws

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

GRI 307-1, 308-1, 308-2

The Group strictly complies with local environmental laws and 

regulations in all countries that we operate in. In addition, by 

adhering to our Code, suppliers are required to comply strictly 

with local environmental laws and practices, such as those 

pertaining to waste disposal, air emissions and pollution. 

Suppliers must strive to minimise the impact of their operations 

on the environment.

In FY2019, there were no reported cases of environmental non-

compliance in the Group and among our suppliers, maintaining 

our achievement of zero environmental non-compliance in 

FY2018. 









Design for Recycling – use of recycled packaging materials in the 

construction of new coffee shops





KIMLY LIMITED

14


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

15









Kimly is committed to contributing to the local communities 

in areas where we operate. We have invested in technological 

advancements and actively engaged with local communities to 

improve their lives and overall well-being.

PIONEERING INNOVATION 

GRI 203-2

The Group has invested in new technology and equipment to 

improve productivity of our operations and reduce our reliance 

on manpower. For instance, we have incorporated the use of 

combi ovens in the operations at our Mixed Vegetable Rice 

stalls to reduce time and labour costs without compromising 

the food quality and taste. Combi ovens are equipped with 

three functions, namely convection, steam and combination 

cooking, and they allow multiple food items to be cooked at the 

same time without the risk of flavour transfer and inconsistent 

cooking results. Furthermore, the implementation of combi 

ovens significantly increases the energy efficiency of food 

preparation processes at our outlets.

Incorporation of Innovative Technology – use of combi ovens at 

outlets

In addition, we have extended the cashless payment option 

to more outlets in order to offer customer convenience and 

improve our customer service standards.  

Incorporation of Innovative Technology – use of technology at our 

Seafood Zi Char stalls to improve productivity

CREATING EMPLOYMENT AND 

JOB OPPORTUNITIES 

GRI 203-2, 413-1

As we expand our operations in various localities, we endeavour 

to provide employment opportunities for the local communities 

we operate in. We actively hire locals to take up the various 

job positions that come with the opening of a coffee shop. For 

our coffee shops in Singapore, 47.7% of the employees are 

either Singaporeans or Permanent Residents. We are also a 

strong advocate of hiring matured workers, with 50.5% of our 

workforce aged 50 and above. 

We create business opportunities and a source of revenue for 

the third party food stall owners who operate in our coffee 

shops. Many have been hawkers for most of their lives and were 

able to provide for their families and support their children’s 

education through their business.

CONTRIBUTIONS 

TO OUR COMMUNITY






KIMLY LIMITED

16

CONTRIBUTIONS 

TO OUR COMMUNITY

PRESERVING OUR HAWKER CULTURE 

GRI 413-1

Coffee shops are community dining halls, and hold a special 

place in the hearts of many Singaporeans. The Group constantly 

engages the grassroots organisations (“GROs”) to see how the 

coffee shops can be designed and operated such that residents 

can have their meals comfortably. For instance, the Group has 

displayed large banners at coffee shops to remind diners to 

lower their speaking volume after 10pm out of consideration for 

the well-being of the occupants living upstairs. Furthermore, 

the Group also tries to refrain from rolling out beer promotions 

in coffee shops where there is a high volume of beer drinkers. 

Recently, the Group has also stopped broadcasting live football 

matches in the wee hours of the morning so as to minimise 

disturbances to residents.

Barrier-free access has always been one of the key design 

considerations when we plan our outlet upgrading. The access 

between the food stall counters and the first row of tables are 

kept barrier-free, and tables and chairs are anchored onto the 

dining floor to prevent unintentional encroachment onto the 

walkway.

Kimly believes in preserving the hawker culture. We groom 

aspiring new hawkers by sharing with them our knowledge 

and advice on how to manage a hawker business successfully, 

thereby shortening the learning curve for them. We have 

worked with many hawkers who have progressed to operate 

multiple food stalls all over Singapore and achieve a flourishing 

hawker business. These successes will benefit Singapore’s 

hawker trade greatly and help Singapore preserve its rich 

hawker heritage. 

SUPPLIER SOCIAL MANAGEMENT

GRI 414-1, 414-2

In order to develop the social aspect of our sustainable food 

value chain, we call for our suppliers to implement fair 

employment practices and policies to protect employee rights. 

By complying with our Code, suppliers shall apply fair standards 

in their treatment of all employees. This requires suppliers 

to not subject any employee to discrimination based on race, 

national origin, ethnicity, religion, gender, age, marital status, 

sexual orientation, disability, or any other reason. 

Suppliers shall undertake that they will comply with all 

applicable national, state or local laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area, including but not limited to those 

relating to labour and employment, immigration, health 

and safety and the environment. Suppliers will comply with 

all national laws on wages and working hours as well as 

international standards regarding child labour and minimum 

age.

As a result, positive social impacts will arise along our supply 

value chain, which brings us one step closer to achieve a 

sustainable food value chain.

In FY2019, there were no reported negative social impacts 

along the supply chain. 

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE 

GRI 406-1, 408-1, 419-1

The Group strictly complies with all applicable national, 

state or local laws and regulations, including those related 

to labour and employment, child labour, non-discrimination, 

occupational health and safety and the environment. In addition, 

as an environmentally responsible organisation, Kimly does not 

procure banned food items in Singapore or use ingredients 

made from endangered species in our recipes. 

In FY2019, there were no reported cases of socioeconomic non-

compliance in the Group, maintaining our achievement of zero 

socioeconomic non-compliance in FY2018.

“KIMLY BELIEVES IN PRESERVING 

THE HAWKER CULTURE. WE 

GROOM ASPIRING NEW HAWKERS 

BY SHARING WITH THEM OUR 

KNOWLEDGE AND ADVICE ON 

HOW TO MANAGE A HAWKER 

BUSINESS SUCCESSFULLY, THEREBY 

SHORTENING THE LEARNING 

CURVE FOR THEM.”


SGX FIVE PRIMARY 

COMPONENTS INDEX 

S/N

Primary Component 

Section Reference 

1

Material Topics

• Our Customers, Our People, 

Protecting the Environment, 

Contributions to our Community

• Stakeholder Engagement

2

Policies,

Practices and Performance

• Executive Director’s Message

• Kimly’s Sustainability Story

• Food Health and Safety, 

Occupational Health and Safety, 

Protecting the Environment, 

Contributions to our Community

3

Board Statement

• Governance and Statement of 

the Board

4

Targets

• Kimly’s Sustainability Story

5

Framework

• Reporting Practice

17

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


GRI STANDARDS 

CONTENT INDEX 

KIMLY LIMITED

18

GRI  

Standards 

Disclosure  

Content 

Report  

Reference 

Page 

Reference

102-1

Name of the organisation

Board Statement

1

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

Kimly Annual Report (“AR”) 2019

1 and 2

102-3

Location of headquarters

Kimly AR 2019

66

102-4

Location of operations

Kimly AR 2019

3

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Kimly AR 2019

66, 94 to 97

102-6

Markets served

Kimly AR 2019

3

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Kimly AR 2019

2, 20 to 23

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Our People

11 to 12

102-9

Supply chain

Food Health and Safety 

9

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Kimly AR 2019

5 to 12

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

Ethics and Integrity 

6

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics

Ethics and Integrity 

6

102-18

Governance structure 

Kimly AR 2019

26 to 50

102-40

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholder Engagement

7

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Stakeholder Engagement

7

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder Engagement

7

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder Engagement

7

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Reporting Practice 

8

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

Kimly AR 2019

20 and 21

203-2

Significant indirect economic impacts

Pioneering Innovation, Creating 

Employment and Job Opportunities

23 and 24

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption

Anti-corruption

6

205-2

Communication and training about anti-corruption 

policies and procedures

Anti-corruption 

6

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

Anti-corruption

6

301-2

Recycled input materials used

Effluents and Waste Management

13 and 14

302-1

Energy consumption within the organization

Energy and Emissions Management

13

302-3

Energy Intensity

Energy and Emissions Management

13

302-4

Reduction of Energy Consumption

Energy and Emissions Management

13

302-5

Reduction in energy requirements of products and services

Energy and Emissions Management

13

303-1

Water withdrawal by source

Water Conservation

13

303-3

Water recycled and reused

Water Conservation

13

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

Energy and Emissions Management

13

305-4

GHG emissions intensity

Energy and Emissions Management

13

305-5

Reduction of GHG emissions

Energy and Emissions Management

13

306-1

Water discharge by quality and destination

Effluents and Waste Management

13 and 14

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

Effluents and Waste Management

13 and 14

307-1

Non-Compliance with Environmental laws and regulations

Environmental Compliance

14

308-1

New Suppliers that were screened using environment criteria

Environmental Compliance 

14

308-2

Negative environment impacts in supply chain and action taken Environmental Compliance

14

401-2

Benefits provided to the full time employees that are not 

provided to temporary or part-time employees

Employee Benefits

12

401-3

Parental Leave

Employee Benefits

12


GRI STANDARDS  

CONTENT INDEX

19

GRI  

Standards 

Disclosure  

Content 

Report  

Reference 

Page 

Reference

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost 

days and absenteeism, and number of work-related fatalities

Occupational Health and Safety

11

403-3

Workers with high incidence or high risk of diseases related 

to their occupation

Occupational Health and Safety

11

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employee

Training and Education

12

404-2

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 

assistance programs

Training and Education

12

404-3

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and 

career development reviews

Training and Education

12

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

Employee Diversity

12

405-2

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men

Employee Diversity

12

406-1

Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken

Socioeconomic Compliance

16

408-1

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of  

child labor

Socioeconomic Compliance

16

414-1

New suppliers that were screened using social criteria.

Supplier Social Management

16

414-2

Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken.

Supplier Social Management

16

413-1 

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments and development programs 

Creating Employment and Job 

Opportunities,

Preserving Our Hawker Culture, 

Corporate Social Responsibility

15 and 16

416-1

Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and 

service categories

Food Health and Safety,

Customer Safety, Customer 

Satisfaction

9 to 10

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety 

impacts of products and services

Food Health and Safety

9

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and 

economic areas

Socioeconomic Compliance

16

This report has been prepared by the Company and its contents have been reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, PrimePartners 

Corporate Finance Pte. Ltd. (the “Sponsor”) in accordance with Rules 226(2)(b) and 753(2) of the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist. 

This report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST. The SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this 

report, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in report.

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr Joseph Au, Associate Director, Continuing Sponsorship (Mailing Address: 16 Collyer 

Quay, #10-00 Income at Raffles, Singapore 049318 and E-mail: sponsorship@ppcf.com.sg).

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

