






SU STA I N A BI LI T Y R EP ORT 2 0 2 1




KIMLY LIMITED

02



Content

02 CORPORATE PROFILE

03 BOARD’S STATEMENT

04 SUSTAINABILITY PERFORMANCE

05 KIMLY’S SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY

07 SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE

09 STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

11 SUSTAINABLE, COMMITTED AND COMPETENT WORKFORCE

14 FOOD HEALTH AND SAFETY

17 CUSTOMER SATISFACTION

19 PIONEERING INNOVATION

20 MINIMISING ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT

22 SUPPLIER SOCIAL MANAGEMENT

23 SUPPORTING THE LOCAL COMMUNITY

24 GRI CONTENT INDEX

KIMLY LIMITED

02

Corporate

Profile

Kimly Limited (the “Company” or “Kimly”, and together with 

its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is one of the largest traditional 

coffeeshop operators in Singapore with more than 30 years 

of experience. The Group operates and manages an extensive 

network of 85 food outlets under “Kimly”, “foodclique” and a 

third-party brand, 139 food stalls comprising Mixed Vegetable 

Rice, Teochew Porridge, Dim Sum, Seafood “Zi Char”, Kanaaji 

Japanese Tonkatsu, two Tonkichi restaurants and seven Rive 

Gauche confectionery shops.

Kimly was listed on the Catalist Board of the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited on 20 March 2017. 


03

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

Board’s

Statement

FY2021 was a resilient year for Kimly despite the economic 

impact and uncertainty arising from the long-drawn COVID-19 

situation in Singapore. With revenue recovery coupled with the 

Singapore Government’s COVID-19 assistance schemes, our 

financial performance exceeded expectations, we expanded our 

network of coffeeshops and food stalls, and the completion of 

acquisition of Tenderfresh Business on 1 October 2021 would 

significantly expand our food offerings and market presence in 

the years ahead. 

The pandemic which started in early 2020 had gone on into its 

second year, and our business had adapted to the impacts, risks 

and opportunities. We saw significant growth in food deliveries 

and adoption of cashless payments, while our network of 

eateries and operations had to be nimble in adjusting to changes 

in dine-in regulations and health check requirements. The Board 

stood firmly behind the management team and staff in terms 

of providing the mandate, guidance and resources to ensure 

business continuity throughout this challenging pandemic period. 

Our people had been the key pillar in ensuring the ongoing 

sustainability and prosperity of the business, particularly in 

delivering customer satisfaction and adopting safe and innovative 

practices in the workplace. The Board worked closely with the 

management to ensure that our people were well taken care of, 

including our foreign staff who had not been able to return to their 

home countries since the travel restrictions were implemented 

in 2020. We improved the remuneration package and provided 

long service awards to our frontliners, so as to encourage and 

reward them for their commitment and hard work.   

The Board believes in adopting a comprehensive approach 

in human resource (“HR”) management. Beyond the core 

responsibility of paying competitive wages, we have continually 

invested in staff welfare, training, engagement, as well as health 

and safety. Talent development and succession planning are 

critical to ensure that we have promising individuals at all levels 

who have the right skills, acumen and exposure to step up to 

bigger roles as the business grows. Following the reconstitution 

of the Board in November 2021, Kimly also appointed a Financial 

Controller and included two members of its current management 

team as Executive Officers. This was part of ongoing efforts to 

beef up the leadership team, advance succession planning and 

build bench strength.     

Sustainability is a long journey for Kimly. Nurturing our people, 

supporting our business partners, responding to our customers’ 

needs, doing our part to help the disadvantaged in the community, 

reducing environmental impact, and operating our business in 

an honest and transparent manner are all things the Board will 

continually spearhead and pay close attention to. 

COVID-19 in FY2021 had been a trial by fire in testing our people’s 

mettle and the organisation’s resilience. With high vaccination 

rates and green shoots of economic recovery, coupled with 

a resilient business model and timely investments, we are 

optimistic that the crisis has made the Kimly Group stronger and 

will help us to thrive and tap on new opportunities in the months 

and years ahead.    












KIMLY LIMITED

04



The table below summarises our sustainability performance on key indicators in FY2021 and the forward-looking targets for FY2022:

INDICATORS

FY2021 PERFORMANCE

FY2022 TARGETS

Sustainable,

Committed and 

Competent Workforce

• 2,272 employees (including part-timers, as of 30 September 2021).

• Gender ratio of 54% female to 46% male.

• 57% of the workforce were aged 50 and above.

• 1,882.5 hours of food hygiene training for frontliners.

• 161 employees (7% of staff strength) were promoted.

• Sustain and improve on the FY2021 performance.

Food Health

and Safety

• Zero food safety and hygiene incidents at all outlets.

• 44 and 154 drink/food stalls achieved “A” and “B” grading respectively under the 

Singapore Food Agency (“SFA”)’s assessment programme.

• 38 recorded offences, arising from onsite inspections at our food establishments.

• 22 incidents of work injuries that resulted in work injury insurance claims

• Maintain zero food safety and hygiene incidents at all outlets.

• Maintain and improve upon the grading scores.

• Strengthen our internal hygiene, cleanliness and housekeeping policies and 

procedures to minimise the recurrence of such offences. 

• Reduce the risk of workplace safety incidents.  

Customer

Satisfaction

• Active monitoring of customer feedback. There were no serious complaints that 

warranted immediate handling and escalation.

•  3 customer-related safety incidents at our outlets.

• Reached 1.5 million users through social media engagement.

• Achieve a positive trend in feedback on product quality, service and cleanliness.

• Minimise customer-related safety incidents at our outlets.

• Improve on our social media engagement performance.  

Minimising 

Environmental Impact

• Zero incidence of environmental non-compliance. 

• 28,266,000 kWh of energy was consumed on a group-wide level with energy 

intensity of 0.118 kWh per S$ of revenue.

• 1,022,000 m3 of water was used on a group-wide basis with a usage intensity of 

0.004 m3 per S$ of revenue.

• Maintain zero incidence of environmental non-compliance.

• Improve on energy and water usage and intensity.

Supporting the Local 

Community

• Monthly promotions and bundled pricing to provide affordable meals to the 

community

• S$48,750 in donations to social and charitable programmes.

• Ensure that our prices remain affordable and competitive.

• Continue to support worthy community organisations and causes.

Sustainability

Performance














05

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021



SUSTAINABILITY PHILOSOPHY IN FOOD SERVICE

Our sustainability philosophy is anchored by Economic, Social 

and Environment pillars. We adopt a value chain perspective 

so that for every stage of the production and service processes, 

we carefully consider how we create economic value, provide 

broad-based benefits to the community and minimise the 

environmental impact. For instance, in view of the health and 

safety guidelines on limiting social gatherings and dining-in, 

we had been progressively expanding our food options such as 

offering more quick meals and smaller portions for easy take-out 

and delivery. This was a growing business opportunity that met 

a clear social need. We made operational adjustments to produce 

the new menu items quickly and efficiently while reducing food 

waste.     

Kimly’s Sustainability

Strategy

ECONOMIC PILLAR

- Increase Profits

- Create Jobs

- Fair Wages for All 

Employees

- Improve Food Supply

INCLUSIVE

GROWTH

GREEN

GROWTH

SUSTAINABLE

DEVELOPMENT

ECO-SOCIAL

PROGRESS

ENVIRONMENTAL PILLAR

-  Reduce Carbon Footprint

-  Reduce Water Footprint

-  Improve Energy Efficiency

-  Reduce Food Wastage

SOCIAL PILLAR

-  Serve Nutritious 

 

and Healthy Food

- Ensure Health and Safety

-  Promote Hawker Culture

-  Support the Wider  

Community






KIMLY LIMITED

06

Kimly’s Sustainability

Strategy

ECONOMIC PILLAR

We aim to be financially sustainable over the long-term so that we have resources and reserves to 

invest for the future and prepare for rainy days. Kimly had been consistently profitable for the past 

years. Net profit attributable to owners of the Group was S$39.3 million for FY2021, an increase of 

55.7% from S$25.2 million in FY2020. The strong financial performance reflects our ability to run our 

operations effectively and expand our revenue streams and network of food outlets through organic 

growth, joint ventures and acquisitions.  

Beyond doing well for our shareholders, we generate economic value-add and contribute to societal 

well-being. While the Singapore economy was recovering gradually in 2021 from the worst impacts 

of the COVID-19 situation, we provided steady employment for more than 2,000 employees on our 

payroll.  

SOCIAL PILLAR

The Kimly Group started as a single coffee shop in 1990. One main driver for our growth and 

success has been the relentless focus on understanding our customers’ preferences and satisfying 

their needs. For more than three decades, our mission has remained constant in serving nutritious, 

tasty and affordable meals throughout Singapore, providing a safe and conducive environment 

for our employees and customers, engaging the grassroots organisations and residents to ensure 

that Singapore’s hawker culture continues to thrive, and doing our part in charitable giving and 

supporting those in need. 

By increasing our presence across Singapore such as the entry into two joint venture agreements 

with third parties to operate and manage the short-term HDB leases at Block 134 Lorong Ah Soo, 

Block 233 Bukit Batok East Avenue 5 and Block 153A Serangoon North Avenue 1, members of the 

public across the social spectrum can continue to patronise our food and beverage outlets, and 

recommend our food options to their families and friends.

In December 2020, we partnered TheSmartLocal, Singapore’s leading lifestyle portal, on a 

heartwarming video feature that showed a Generation Z youth, a Millennial and a Generation X 

mother taking orders for drinks at a Kimly Coffeeshop. This was a light-hearted way to publicise and 

pay tribute to the work of frontliners.   

ENVIRONMENTAL PILLAR 

As our business grows, we closely monitor the use of raw materials, water, electricity and natural 

gas. This not only makes good business sense in reducing our operating expenses, it is also the 

environmentally responsible thing to do in reducing our ecological footprint and amount of waste 

generated. We continually look at innovation and implementing new technologies in various aspects 

of our business that can improve efficiency and customer experience. We also source for new ways 

to reduce waste at various stages of the production and consumption value chain – this includes 

supporting the National Zero Waste Masterplan by offering complimentary reusable cutlery sets to 

our food delivery customers and developing an attractive and durable mooncake container that can 

be upcycled and reused.  










07

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

Sustainability

Governance

WORK TEAMS

OUTLET MANAGEMENT

FINANCE

FOOD RETAIL

HUMAN RESOURCE

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

SUSTAINABILITY TASK FORCE

OVERSIGHT AND STRUCTURE

Kimly’s Board of Directors provides oversight for our 

sustainability strategy and implementation. This includes 

overseeing the engagement of stakeholders, identification of 

sustainability-related material issues and prioritisation of the 

various programmes. Our Board Members walk the ground and 

have regular interactions with staff, customers and partners. 

This way, they have a direct feel of ground sentiments and can 

respond quickly to changing market conditions. 

The Board provides ongoing guidance to Management on effective 

implementation and monitoring of the relevant sustainability-

related initiatives and indicators. For FY2021, a key issue of 

concern for the Board was ensuring that our staff could keep 

up their morale and energy level in view of the long-drawn 

COVID-19 situation. The Board discussed with Management and 

approved several measures to take care of our staff, especially 

the frontliners. This will be elaborated upon in a subsequent 

section of the report. 

Kimly has a Group-wide Sustainability Task Force chaired 

by the Director of Operations, Outlet Management Division, 

which reports its progress to the Board of Directors regularly. 

This Task Force, which includes management personnel and 

representatives from the key functional units, is responsible 

for formulating sustainability plans, implementing the specific 

initiatives and monitoring the sustainability performance. The 

Task Force also serves as a platform for coordination, such as 

in developing the workflow for conducting the weekly COVID-19 

swab tests for about 4,000 operations staff, from both third party 

food stall operators and our own employees operating out of 

Kimly’s coffeeshops from June 2021 onwards. 

RISK MANAGEMENT AND SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE

Risk management is a critical pillar of good corporate 

governance. The Group has established and implemented a 

risk management framework for the identification, assessment, 

treatment, monitoring and reporting of significant risks. The 

Board oversees the Management in the formulation, update 

and maintenance of an adequate and effective risk management 

framework. Concurrently, the Board-level Audit Committee 

reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management 

and internal control systems, including financial, operational, 

compliance and information technology controls, on an annual 

basis.

The Group maintains a risk register which identifies the material 

risks faced by the Group and the internal controls in place to 

manage and mitigate those risks. The risk register is updated by 

the business heads for review by the Audit Committee on a half-

yearly basis. Our Internal Audit team takes into consideration the 

risks identified and assessed in the risk register and prepares 

the audit plan for the ensuing financial year. Our Internal 

Auditor reports their findings and recommendations to the Audit 

Committee on a quarterly basis and tracks the timely remediation 

of audit issues.

Sustainability-related risks along environmental, social and 

governance (“ESG”) dimensions are part of the overall risk 

universe covered in the risk management framework and 

processes. Examples of ESG risks include compliance with waste 

disposal regulations and minimising the occurrence of safety 

incidents. 

The Group complies strictly with all applicable national and 

local laws and regulations, including those related to labour 

and employment, child labour, non-discrimination, occupational 

health and safety, and the environment. Furthermore, Kimly 

does not procure or use any prohibited chemicals or ingredients. 

In FY2021, because of the dynamic COVID-19 situation in 

Singapore, we closely monitored the Government’s regulations 

and advisories to ensure the safety and well-being of our 

workforce and customers patronising our eateries. One of the 

new measures mandated by the government was frequent 

and pervasive testing as a core strategy to detect and ring-

fence infections in the community. We deployed the mandatory 

weekly Fast and Easy Testing (“FET”) Rostered Routine Testing 

(“RRT”) regime amongst our staff, including both part-timers 

and full-timers, working in the food and beverage (“F&amp;B”) 

establishments. Our Outlet Operations adhered strictly to the 

prevailing regulations, such as restrictions on the number of 

dine-in customers per table. Furthermore, our frontline staff 

reminded customers to don on their masks when they were not 

consuming food and beverages at our outlets, and disseminated 

timely information to the more than 85 coffeeshops and more 

than 680 food stalls both self-operated and operated by third 

party food stall tenants in our network.




KIMLY LIMITED

08

The National Environment Agency (“NEA”) required all diners 

at public dining places to clear tables of used trays, crockery 

and litter after their meals from 1 June 2021 onwards. A grace 

advisory period with no enforcement action was given until 

31 August 2021. Kimly worked closely with our partners to 

design, fabricate and deploy custom-made tray return stainless 

steel racks and related equipment. We also facilitated grant 

applications to the relevant authorities to support this national 

initiative.  

In FY2021, there were no reported cases of socioeconomic 

or regulatory non-compliance in the Group, maintaining our 

achievement of zero non-compliance incidents since FY2018. 

ANTI-CORRUPTION

Kimly’s corporate policy is to have zero tolerance for any form 

of corrupt behaviour or practices, in line with our operating 

principles of integrity, responsibility and accountability, as well 

as full compliance with all anti-corruption laws and regulations. 

Our Employee Code of Conduct provides clear guidelines for 

all staff’s adherence in their dealings with customers, business 

partners and other colleagues. Our stand against corruption and 

bribery is also clearly communicated to all our business partners 

and suppliers before and during their dealings with our Group. 

In FY2021, there were no reported cases of corruption. 

REPORTING SCOPE

This report covers all of the Group’s operations in Singapore – 

namely Outlet Management, Food Retail and Outlet Investment 

Business – for the period 1 October 2020 to 30  September 

2021 (i.e. FY2021). Data from the previous financial year (i.e. 

FY2020) has been included where appropriate for meaningful 

comparisons.   

This report has adopted the current Global Reporting Initiative 

(“GRI”) Reporting Standards (2016-2020) as the GRI is globally 

recognised and it allows Kimly to identify and report topics 

relevant to our industry and context. This report has been 

prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option. 

We are aware of the introduction of GRI’s revised Universal 

Standards in October 2021 and will adopt the new standard for 

future reporting. 

The report covers all 5 primary components of report content as 

set out by the SGX’s requirements on sustainability reporting. 

The report components are mapped against specific sections in 

this report:   

PRIMARY 

COMPONENT

SECTION REFERENCE

IN THIS REPORT

1. Material 

Topics

• Sustainable, Committed and 

Competent Workforce

• Food Health and Safety

• Customer Satisfaction

• Pioneering Innovation

• Minimising Environmental Impact

• Supplier Social Management

• Supporting the Local Community

2. Policies,

 

Practices and 

Performance

• Kimly’s Sustainability Strategy

• Sustainability Governance

• Stakeholder Engagement and 

Materiality Assessment

• Sustainability Performance

3. Board  

 

Statement

• Board Statement

4. Targets

• Sustainability Performance

5. Framework

• Reporting Scope

Kimly had not sought external assurance for this year’s report, 

as FY2021 continued to be a challenging period for all levels 

of the organization in dealing with the COVID-19 situation and 

changing market conditions. We would consider seeking external 

assurance of our sustainability report in the near future. 

We welcome feedback on our sustainability reporting. Comments 

and enquiries can be emailed to: marcomm@kimlygroup.sg.

Sustainability

Governance


09

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Stakeholder engagement and responding to their feedback and needs are part and parcel of Kimly’s way of doing business and ensuring long-term success. There are several groups of stakeholders with 

whom we engage regularly through formal and informal platforms. Their feedback and suggestions will help Kimly to adjust our business strategy and operate in a transparent and accountable manner. 

The following table summarises our key stakeholders, engagement platforms and areas of concern.

Stakeholder Engagement

and Materiality Assessment

STAKEHOLDERS

ENGAGEMENT 

PLATFORMS

AREAS OF

CONCERN

SECTION REFERENCE 

IN THIS REPORT

Employees

• Regular dialogues

• Team bonding events

• Service appraisal &amp; 

staff recognition

• Remuneration and 

benefits

• Training and 

development

• Health and safety

• Career development 

opportunities

• Customer relationship 

management skills

• Job security and 

health

• Employee Diversity

• Employee Benefits

• Enhanced Employment 

Terms for Frontline 

Staff

• Training and 

Development

• Managing Human 

Resource Impact of 

COVID-19

• Occupational Health 

and Safety

• Mandatory COVID19 

Testing

Customers

• Customer surveys/

reviews

• Advertisements and 

media campaigns

• Online channels

• Food safety and 

hygiene

• Variety of food

• Customer service and 

food quality

• Food Health and Safety

• New Products and 

Services

• Customer Engagement 

and Feedback

• Customer Safety

Stallholders

• Daily interactions

• Regular feedback 

sessions

• Physical environment 

and maintenance

• Health and safety

• Sustaining customer 

brand loyalty

• Food Health and Safety

STAKEHOLDERS

ENGAGEMENT 

PLATFORMS

AREAS OF

CONCERN

SECTION REFERENCE 

IN THIS REPORT

Suppliers

• Regular interactions

• Supplier evaluation

• Supplier management

• Positive supplier 

relationship 

management

• Food Health and Safety

• Supplier Selection

• Suppliers’ Employment 

Practices

Community

• Corporate social 

responsibility 

programmes

• Sponsorships

• Corporate donations

• Community 

engagement services

• Supporting 

the community 

economically

• Providing Affordable 

Meals for All

• Paying It Forward

• Creating Employment 

Opportunities

Government 

and Regulators

• Industry seminars and 

feedback sessions

• Focus group 

discussions

• Food safety compliance

• Economic performance

• Food Health and Safety

• Risk Management 

and Socioeconomic 

Compliance

• Minimising 

Environmental Impact

Shareholders 

and Investors

• SGX announcements

• Annual reports

• Half yearly reports and 

updates

• Annual General 

Meetings

• Economic performance

• Anti-corruption policy

• Business performance 

plans

• Capital management 

strategy

• Risk Management 

and Socioeconomic 

Compliance

• Pioneering Innovation






KIMLY LIMITED

10

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

The Group takes the view that sustainable growth is contingent on meeting and exceeding the 

expectations of our key stakeholders. Our material sustainability factors are those with significant 

economic, environmental, social and governance impacts, and which would influence the assessment 

and decision making of the stakeholders.

We go through a comprehensive process in identifying the material factors:

• 

We used our Sustainable Food Value Chain as the broader canvas to identify specific economic, 

social and environmental issues.  

• 

We consulted our stakeholders and took into consideration their areas of concern, such as 

changing customers’ preferences. We considered current developments and trends, such as 

the need to support the local community in response to the COVID-19 crisis. 

 

The Management reviewed and shortlisted the material factors for the Board’s inputs and approval. 

The 7 material factors for FY2021 were as follows: 

• 

Sustainable, Committed and Competent Workforce

• 

Food Health and Safety

• 

Customer Satisfaction

• 

Pioneering Innovation

• 

Minimising Environmental Impact

• 

Supplier Social Management

• 

Supporting the Local Community

In FY2021, the Board and Management paid close attention to managing and motivating our staff 

so as to have smooth and effective operations throughout the organisation. They recognised the 

ongoing contributions of all staff and the strategic importance of a committed and competent 

workforce towards sustained corporate performance. Hence “Sustainable, Committed and 

Competent Workforce” was identified as a critical sustainability factor. We retained the other 6 

material factors from FY2020, as they continued to be relevant and key drivers in our Sustainable 

Food Value Chain framework. 











Stakeholder Engagement

and Materiality Assessment




11

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

As a business in the service sector, we need good people at all levels to manage and run the various 

aspects of our round-the-clock operations in Singapore, be it at the corporate headquarters central 

kitchens or island-wide food outlets. We adopt a comprehensive approach towards recruiting, 

motivating, rewarding and retaining a diverse workforce in terms of gender, age, nationality, skills 

and educational qualifications. 

FY2021 was a busy year for our people because of the strong demand for our food offerings and 

services, the tight labour market arising from the year-on-year recovery in the service sectors and 

stepping up of health and safety measures such as the introduction of the weekly COVID-19 swab 

tests for frontline workers at our coffeeshops.

EMPLOYEE DIVERSITY

We have a diverse workforce. As of 30 September 2021, Kimly had a total of 2,272 employees 

inclusive of part-timers, an increase of 6.3% as compared to 2,136 employees a year ago. 

The gender ratio was 54% female to 46% male in FY2021, comparable to 53% female to 47% male 

in FY2020. 57% of our workforce were 50 and above years of age, compared to 55% in the previous 

year. We value our mature workers as they are experienced, reliable and able to mentor their 

younger peers. 67% of our workforce comprised of local Singapore residents, with the rest coming 

from regional countries such as Malaysia, China, Vietnam and Indonesia. A breakdown of our 

workforce by gender and age groups is shown in the charts below. 

Kimly is an equal-opportunity employer and treats all staff fairly regardless of age, race or gender. 

We have a group-wide Non-Discrimination Policy, and any staff that feels unfairly treated against 

can approach our HR Department for assistance. In FY2021, we did not receive any staff complaint 

on discriminatory practices in the workplace. 

We have a transparent system to recognise and reward all employees based on demonstrated 

performance, competence and experience. Staff remuneration is determined based on employees’ 

performance, roles and responsibilities, as well as the Group’s financial performance. We conduct 

annual appraisals for employees using measurable factors and qualitative criteria such as team 

spirit, interpersonal skills and creativity.

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

Kimly provides a comprehensive and attractive suite of employee benefits based on statutory 

requirements and industry norms. This includes medical insurance, annual and parental leave, as 

well as monthly transport and meal allowances for eligible employees. Our employee benefits have 

helped us to attract and retain good people, and positioned Kimly as a caring employee with a 

family-centric corporate culture. 

304 staff were awarded the School Textbook subsidy amounting to S$208 or S$308, depending on 

various assessment criteria to defray their children’s education expenses in FY2021.

 

The Company first adopted the Kimly Performance Share Plan (“Kimly PSP”) on 15 February 2017. 

The objective is to share the Group’s success with more of our employees and strengthen the link 

between performance and compensation. Since its inception, the Kimly PSP has been progressively 

expanded to cover more staff working in the different business units. In FY2021, we extended the 

incentive scheme to our people in the Seafood and Mixed Vegetable Rice departments under the 

Food Retail Division. 719,212 share awards were granted to staff under the Kimly PSP in FY2021, 

compared to 750,493 shares in FY2020.  A total of 885,889 shares were released via the transfer of 

treasury shares (FY2020: 224,280). 

MALE (TOTAL = 1,042)

AGE GROUP

 &lt;30

 &gt;=30 to &lt;40

 &gt;=40 to &lt;50

 &gt;=50

279

147

513

103

FEMALE (TOTAL = 1,230)

AGE GROUP

 &lt;30

 &gt;=30 to &lt;40

 &gt;=40 to &lt;50

 &gt;=50

104

127

213

786

Sustainable, Committed and 

Competent Workforce






KIMLY LIMITED

12

ENHANCED EMPLOYMENT TERMS FOR FRONTLINE STAFF 

In FY2021, the Management approved the enhanced employment 

terms for our frontline and operational staff, which included a 

significant number of elderly and lower income workers. In July 

2021, we introduced a Long Service Award of S$800 for those 

who had served more than 10 years and S$500 for those who 

had served for more than 5 years. 132 eligible staff received the 

award, with a total disbursement of S$75,000. 

We improved the overall remuneration package for frontline 

and operational positions from September 2021. This would 

cost the Group approximately S$1.0 million in incremental wage 

costs annually and represented a long-term investment to retain 

existing staff and attract more locals to fill existing and future 

vacancies. 

TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT

As a service-based business, the Group recognises that our 

employees are our most important assets. We do not target 

a fixed number of hours of training per employee, given the 

heterogeneous workforce and operational nature of our business. 

Instead, we provide our people with appropriate training and 

development opportunities to sharpen their skills at work, 

upgrade their lifelong employability, and build pride and loyalty. 

In FY2021, our frontliners attended 1,882.5 hours of food hygiene 

training by external trainers. The frontliners also attended on-job 

training to use the combi ovens that were progressively deployed 

in more of our food stalls to increase productivity. We also trained 

the frontliners to use the Point of Sale (“POS”) with NETS Unified 

Payments terminals. 

To support corporate-wide digitalisation efforts in FY2021, we 

adopted a “train the trainers” approach in engaging external 

professionals to train the managerial executives, who in turn train 

the supervisors under their care, and this cascaded down to staff 

at the store fronts. Topics covered in this training included the 

use of the various delivery platforms’ devices, time management 

systems and the in-house software for ordering from the central 

kitchen.

In FY2021, 161 or 7% of our total strength of 2,272 were promoted 

to take on additional responsibilities, in recognition of their 

consistent good performance and potential to shoulder additional 

responsibilities.  











Sustainable, Committed and 

Competent Workforce






13

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

MANAGING HUMAN RESOURCE IMPACT OF COVID-19

We strongly encouraged all staff to follow the government’s guidelines and get vaccinated for their 

own safety and the safety of colleagues and customers. Staff who tested positive for COVID-19 in 

FY2021 had to adhere strictly to the prevailing health protocols. The staff’s immediate supervisors 

would work closely with HR to step up communications and provide necessary assistance and 

support to the staff during their quarantine and recovery periods. 

The introduction of Malaysia’s Movement Control Order (“MCO”) and border closure in March 2020 

meant that our staff who used to commute daily from Malaysia to Singapore could no longer do so. 

Since the MCO, 22 staff who used to commute to work from Malaysia had relocated to Singapore 

and were given accommodation allowances. A small number of staff were working remotely from 

Malaysia and given the necessary financial and technical support.  

 

We did not retrench any staff arising from the impact of COVID-19 in FY2021 as our business in 

consumer staples proved to be resilient. In fact, our business has been classified by the government 

as an essential service in this pandemic period, and we have had to increase our overall headcount 

to fulfil our duties across Singapore while keeping in close and regular communications with the 

relevant government agencies. Our staff provided feedback that they viewed employment with 

Kimly as a steady rice bowl in very uncertain times. 

We monitored and enhanced our leave provisions and allowances where necessary to help our staff 

cope with COVID-19. Elderly and other staff who needed assistance, such as those in the high-risk 

category, were granted additional paid leave. We also provided additional hospitalisation leave for 

staff who needed to fulfil Stay Home Notice (“SHN”) requirements, quarantine orders and other 

COVID-19 related absences from work. We introduced a COVID-19 Positive Care Fund programme in 

FY2021 whereby any staff who tested positive for the virus would be given a S$80 special allowance 

to defray their daily expenses during the quarantine and recovery period. 











SUSTAINABLE, COMMITTED AND 

COMPETENT WORKFORCE






KIMLY LIMITED

14

As a reputable food service provider, maintaining high standards 

in food health and safety remains our topmost priority. The Group 

is extremely stringent in our food safety standards and practices, 

and we comply with all applicable food safety regulations. We 

strive to have a zero-incident rate by prioritising cleanliness and 

food hygiene in our daily operations. Achieving and maintaining 

high quality and safety standards along our food value chain is 

essential in delivering quality cooked food that is nutritious and 

safe for consumption.

PROCUREMENT PROCESS

Food health and safety starts with what and how we buy our 

food ingredients. The procurement process covers the following 

areas:

• 

Inventory control

• 

Storage of goods

• 

Vendors’ feedback

• 

Receipt of goods

• 

Products purchased from approved suppliers’ list

• 

Month-end inventory report

For FY2021, the Group procured only from approved suppliers 

that produce, package, store and deliver products in accordance 

with good manufacturing practices prevailing in their respective 

industries. To ensure freshness of our food, we prioritise local 

suppliers with at least a “B” Grade from the Singapore Food 

Agency (“SFA”). Suppliers are expected to provide goods and 

services that consistently meet our required specifications, 

especially for product quality and timeliness of product delivery.

In order to offer our customers healthier food choices, we had 

been procuring primarily from suppliers of healthier ingredients. 

Our main supplier for vegetable oil and rice participated in 

the Health Promotion Board (“HPB”)’s Healthier Ingredient 

Development Scheme (“HIDS”). Customers could select a 

balanced meal of less than 500 calories at our Mixed Vegetable 

Rice stalls. Health-conscious customers could request for less 

oil at our Zi Char outlets and as well as hot drinks with less or no 

sugar at our coffee shops and food courts. 

In FY2021, we continued to offer the affordable “Skinny Me” and 

“Healthy Me” lower calorie Combo options at our Kimly Mixed 

Vegetable Rice outlets, available for dining-in and delivery 

through our online delivery partners.  

FOOD STORAGE

The Group implemented comprehensive food storage policies 

to keep our food products fresh and wholesome. Our central 

kitchens adopted a minimum inventory policy, and most of the 

semi-finished food products were prepared and sent to our food 

stalls daily via chilled delivery trucks to maximise freshness of 

the food products.

In addition, ingredients at our food stalls were kept in chillers 

and freezers and the temperatures monitored daily. Expiry dates 

on the food and ingredient packaging were checked before use. 

This ensured that the storage conditions were optimised to 

maintain the freshness of the ingredients.

FOOD PREPARATION

Kimly adopted very stringent food hygiene practices and 

guidelines during food preparation. Daily inspections were 

conducted on all food handlers to monitor their health and 

personal hygiene. The food manufacturing division, food delivery 

vehicles and food storage areas were inspected daily for 

cleanliness and orderliness. 

Food handlers who returned from medical leave were checked 

by the supervisor to ensure that all symptoms were cleared 

before they commenced work. All employees involved in food 

preparation had to comply with these practices. Employees 

involved in handling food were required to pass the accredited 

Basic Food Hygiene Course.

Food Health

and Safety








15

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

FOOD HEALTH AND SAFETY





OUTLET MANAGEMENT

Kimly would procedurally inform all food stall owners of the 

importance of health and safety compliance before leasing a 

stall to them. This ensured consistent food safety awareness and 

practices. Each food stall was monitored by Assistant Executive 

Chefs who ensured that the food products sent from our central 

kitchens were properly handled according to the Standard 

Operating Procedures (“SOPs”).

We had a quality and compliance assurance team (“QC Team”) 

comprising executive chefs of each food division and headed by 

the Director of Operations, Outlet Management Division. The QC 

Team periodically conducted surprise visits at each outlet and 

food stall. Photographs of non-compliance with regulations were 

taken with supporting notes recorded by our administration 

team. Immediate rectification actions would have to be taken 

and these actions were monitored, recorded and verified by 

the Director of Operations, Outlet Management Division before 

closing the case. This ensured food vendors’ compliance with the 

SOPs in areas of food storage and supplier management.

Retail food establishments in Singapore are given a grade by the 

SFA based on the overall hygiene, cleanliness and housekeeping 

standards of the premises. In FY2021, out of the 198 Kimly drink/

food stalls that were inspected by the SFA, 44 stalls achieved 

the “A” grading under the SFA’s grading system while 154 stalls 

achieved the “B” grading. None of the food outlets received lower 

than a “B” grading. 

To ensure good public hygiene and adherence to the COVID-19 

Safe Management Measures, the SFA and other government 

agencies conducted regular checks on food establishments 

across Singapore. In FY2021, there were 38 recorded offences 

in our retail food outlets resulting in fines, demerit points 

and warnings (FY2020: 37 recorded offences). We had taken 

necessary actions and strengthened the enforcement of proper 

hygiene and safety checks and practices in our outlets to prevent 

recurrence of such incidents.

We supported the Government’s “SG Clean” movement by 

stepping up the frequency of cleaning routines in all the outlets. 

We put in place stringent directives for all staff to ensure safety, 

such as mandating that staff should return home to rest if they 

were unwell.  

In April 2021, Kimly acquired a 60% stake in Klovex Holdings Pte 

Ltd (“Klovex”), which through its management team has 10 years 

of industry experience and knowledge. We integrated Klovex’s 

expertise with Kimly’s operations, which resulted in enhanced 

set of cleaning capabilities, where we are able to deliver elevated 

standards of cleanliness and hygiene at our operating premises, 

for our customers. 










KIMLY LIMITED









OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

The Group has detailed operating procedures in place to ensure the safety and health of its employees. 

These guidelines are reviewed periodically to safeguard their relevance and effectiveness. 

We have a policy that our staff should take personal responsibility in protecting their own health 

and safety. The Group has a Stay Healthy Award programme whereby we offer dining vouchers 

valued at S$208 to each staff who has not taken any medical leave or claimed any medical expenses. 

In FY2021, we distributed S$137,280 of these vouchers to 660 staff, as compared to 682 staff and 

599 staff in FY2020 and FY2019 respectively. The slight decrease in number of awards in FY2021 

compared to FY2020 could be due to abundance of caution in advising our staff to visit the clinic if 

they were unwell.    

Safety is a top priority, and we spare no efforts to mitigate workplace and occupational safety risks. 

The Group provides guidelines to all employees on how to respond to various workplace incidents. 

In the event that an employee suffers an injury, he or she will receive immediate medical attention 

and the incident will be reported to the Executive Director. The head of the department will then 

raise a Corrective Preventive Action Report which details the nature of the incident and mitigating 

measures to reduce the risk of future recurrence.

To ensure that uniforms and protective equipment are in good condition, Kimly provides replacement 

attire and gear for our central kitchen staff every 6 months. Daily checks are conducted at the 

premises, and key areas such as ventilation, lighting, storage space and kitchen space are inspected. 

The Group provides workmen’s compensation insurance to cover work-related injuries sustained by 

employees during their working hours. There is also medical insurance for our foreign employees 

to cover their non-work-related medical treatment outside working hours. In FY2021, there were 22 

incidents of work injuries that resulted in claims made against work injury compensation insurance. 

We had thoroughly investigated each incident, reviewed and improved our safety procedures to 

guard against preventable risks such as slips and trips, and reminded our staff to place safety first. 

MANDATORY COVID-19 TESTING

In June 2021, the Singapore government announced the introduction of mandatory COVID-19 tests 

for all staff who work in settings with unmasked clients/patrons and/or have prolonged and close 

contact with clients when performing services. This regulation covered Kimly full-time and part-

time staff working in all our F&amp;B establishments from September 2021 onwards. The staff had to 

be tested once every week or more frequently using the Antigen Rapid Test (“ART”) kit, depending 

on their vaccination status.    

We developed a detailed workflow to ensure that all staff at the outlets were tested and the test 

results relayed to HR Department for checking and onward submission to the Ministry of Health. In 

addition, some of our staff could be household or close contacts of COVID-19 cases and placed on 

the Health Risk Warning regime whereby they had to self-administer an ART and submit the results 

online on their own. We developed instructional materials to brief all our frontliners so that they 

were aware of and would comply with the COVID-19 testing requirements. 

Food Health

and Safety

16




17

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

At Kimly, customer satisfaction is one of our top priorities 

as it is the key driver to our growth and success. We are 

committed to providing our customers with a comfortable, 

safe and satisfying dining experience, and we continually 

seek to improve our service standards through their 

feedback.

NEW PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

We constantly improve existing products and services and 

develop new offerings to cater to customers’ changing 

preferences and palates. In December 2020, Kimly partnered 

the Tenderfresh Fried &amp; BBQ Chicken Pte Ltd to operate 

“Kedai Kopi” (which means coffee shop in Malay) in Clementi 

town, a new concept to offer diverse halal dining options at 

a 5,000 sq-ft space with a 204-person seating capacity. A 

second Kedai Kopi outlet opened in July 2021 at Haig Road, 

located in the heart of Singapore’s very own Malay Village, 

Geylang Serai. 

In March 2021, in response to the growing consumer 

awareness and demand for meat substitute dishes, our 

Japanese restaurant Tonkichi introduced a plant-based 

katsu menu, which was well-received. 

Customer

Satisfaction
































KIMLY LIMITED

In June 2021, our Kanaaji Katsu chain, which offers authentic 

Japanese katsu at affordable prices, opened its second outlet in 

Hougang Avenue 8. 

CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT AND FEEDBACK

In FY2021, to build a virtuous cycle between increasing online 

orders and our marketing efforts, we ramped up our social media 

posts and customer engagement. Our Facebook campaigns 

generated close to 8 million impressions, reaching out to more 

than 1.5 million users.     

We regularly received customer feedback through various 

channels such as our Facebook page (https://www.facebook.

com/kimlycoffeeshop) and website. Our goal is to achieve a 

positive trend in customer feedback on product quality, service 

and cleanliness at all outlets. We actively monitor the feedback 

and respond to serious complaints in a timely manner. We take 

onboard suggestions from customers in our service planning, 

such as healthier food options and new locations to open our 

outlets. Below are several pieces of positive feedback from our 

customers in FY2021.

CUSTOMER SAFETY

Kimly is committed to providing a safe environment for our 

customers when they dine at our outlets. We implemented 

measures to ensure the protection of our customers from 

safety hazards, which included social distancing practices 

in accordance with the government guidelines to minimise 

community transmission of COVID-19. 

Slippery floor warning signs were placed prominently at areas 

where floors were more susceptible to water spillage and when 

floors were mopped. We took extra care in the selection of non-

slip floor tiles in all our outlets. A dedicated team of general 

washers was scheduled to visit each of our outlets at least once 

a month to scrub the floors and remove excessive dirt and oil. 

Daily checks were conducted to ensure that there was no pest 

breeding or contamination in food storage, preparation and 

consumption areas. 

In FY2021, there were 3 customer-related public liability claims 

due to minor injuries sustained by our customers, as compared 

to 5 incidents in FY2020. All 3 incidents were expeditiously 

handled by our insurance company. 

Customer Satisfaction

I want to compliment you on the revamped extended 

seating area [for the Kimly Coffeeshop at Bishan Street 

24]. I noticed that smoking is now prohibited. This is 

really a good move on your part. I am happy now that my 

family and I can dine at this coffeeshop without having 

to inhale second-hand smoke that inevitably gets blown 

in all directions. The clean and fresh air is refreshing for 

patrons. I can see that even with this change, business 

is not compromised. I hope that more coffeeshops will 

adopt the same practice.”

Your dim sum 

outlet in Joo Seng 

has brightened the 

neighbourhood. 

Really happy about it. 

I live there.”

The staff [at Kimly 

Zi Char at Upper 

Serangoon View] 

are very happy to 

serve you and will 

give u real good 

recommendations!”











18




19

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

In FY2021, the Group continued to invest in new technology, 

equipment and processes to improve efficiency of our operations 

and productivity of our manpower. We also empowered our 

people to develop innovative products and services so as to 

delight the customers. 

TECHNOLOGY AND EQUIPMENT

We developed an in-house proprietary web application to 

facilitate the weekly submission and compilation of the COVID-19 

FET results for approximately 4,000 operations staff, from both 

third-party operators and our own employees. The application 

was developed within 2 weeks and boosted productivity by 

reducing manual data entries and errors. The Antigen Rapid Test 

(“ART”) results were summarised and displayed immediately, 

thus improving efficiency in terms of faster reaction and handling 

time.

In FY2020, we had piloted the deployment of unified payment 

terminal at three food stall locations. The adoption rate was very 

encouraging. In FY2021, we completed the deployment of NETS 

Unified Payment terminals in our island-wide network of more 

than 220 point-of-sale (“POS”) terminals. With cashless payment 

options provided, the e-payment volume have risen sharply 

across our operations. Going cashless has resulted in quicker 

service for customers including reduced waiting times and faster 

transactions being done. In the ongoing fight against Covid-19, 

the cashless options have also reduced human interactions and 

helped to ensure safety of both our staff and customers. 

We continued to promote the use of combi ovens at our Mixed 

Vegetable Rice stalls to reduce time and labour costs without 

compromising the food quality and taste. Combi ovens are 

equipped with three functions, namely convection, steam and 

combination cooking, and they allow multiple food items to be 

cooked at the same time without the risk of flavour transfer and 

inconsistent cooking results. The use of combi ovens significantly 

increases the energy efficiency of food preparation processes at 

our outlets. 

PRODUCT AND SERVICE INNOVATION

With the intermittent dining restrictions throughout FY2021, 

much thought was placed into providing what consumers wanted 

and working through occasional supply shortages on certain 

food items such as fish and vegetables.

We offered affordable and popular monthly set meals, 

promotional sets for special occasions such as Father’s Day and 

meals for two through online channels. Complimentary drinks 

were included for a complete meal. 

 

 

At the Kimly Seafood “Zi Char” outlets, we offered a flexible 

“Phase 2” menu to cater to different group sizes, so as to 

accommodate the prevailing allowable dining-in requirements. 

There were also special dine-in menus for festive occasions.     





















Pioneering

Innovation




KIMLY LIMITED

Rive Gauche, our confectionary business, sold handcrafted 

mooncakes this year in a unique and limited edition metal 

presentation box that was attractive and sturdy enough to 

be “upcycled” for other uses. The design won a Singapore 

Packaging Star Award given out jointly by the Singapore 

Manufacturing Federation and the Packaging Council of 

Singapore. 

Kimly regularly monitors the environmental impacts of our 

various operations and implements measures and policies to 

minimise energy and water consumption, as well as ensure 

proper management of effluents and waste. We actively look out 

for opportunities to test new green concepts and technologies 

– one such initiative in FY2021 was building a green roof above 

the Kimly Coffeeshop at Hougang Avenue 8. This was a nature-

based solution to lower the ambient temperature and improve 

customers’ thermal comfort. 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

The Group strictly complies with local environmental laws and 

regulations where we operate. We require our new and existing 

suppliers to comply strictly with environmental laws and 

practices as well, such as those pertaining to waste disposal, air 

emissions and pollution. 

In FY2021, we adhered strictly to the Singapore Civil Defence 

Force (“SCDF”)’s requirements for the cleaning and maintenance 

of Kitchen Exhaust Ducts in our outlets. We engaged a qualified 

specialist to do thorough cleaning and keep proper records, so as 

to reduce fire risk and air pollution. There were no reported cases 

of environmental non-compliance in the Group and among our 

suppliers, maintaining our achievement of zero environmental 

non-compliance since FY2018.

ENERGY AND EMISSIONS MANAGEMENT

The Group endeavours to maximise our energy conservation 

efforts to reduce our carbon footprint and improve the 

environmental sustainability of our business. We aim to achieve 

significant results in energy conservation by maximising the use 

of equipment capacity whenever possible. 

In FY2021, we continued efforts to reduce energy consumption 

at all outlets, such as replacing fluorescent lamps with energy-

efficient LED lights. We serviced existing equipment regularly to 

improve energy efficiency and maximise the effective lifespan. 

Older equipment would be progressively replaced with new and 

energy-efficient equipment. 

Minimising

Environmental Impact





















20


21

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

A total of 28,266,000 kWh of energy was consumed on a group-

wide level with energy intensity of 0.118 kWh per S$ of revenue 

for FY2021, compared with 20,737,000 kWh overall consumption 

and energy intensity of 0.119 kWh per S$ of revenue for FY2020. 

We would look for ways to improve our energy efficiency in 

FY2022.  

Our energy consumption generated an estimated 11,532,528 

kgCO2 emissions1 with intensity of 0.048 kgCO2 per S$ of revenue 

in FY2021, compared to estimated emissions of 8,471,065 kgCO2 

with intensity of 0.049 kgCO2 per S$ of revenue in FY2020.  

WATER CONSERVATION 

The Group endeavours to reduce water wastage in our business. 

This not makes our operations more efficient, it is our contribution 

to Singapore’s national water conservation drive. 

More than 80 dishwashing machines were installed in our outlets 

to wash glasses and cups more efficiently. These machines use 

a collection tank and filtration system to cleanse and reuse the 

water, thus lowering the water usage. The Group continued to 

have these dishwashing machines installed in all the refurbished, 

revitalised and upgraded coffeeshops.

1 

 The carbon emissions were computed using Singapore’s national Average Operating Margin Grid Emission Factor of 0.4080 kg CO2/kWh for 2020, as published by the Energy Market Authority (“EMA”). 

Our total water consumption in FY2021 stood at 1,022,000 m3 on 

a group-wide basis with water usage intensity of 0.004 m3 per 

S$ of revenue, compared to water consumption of 673,000 m3 

and usage intensity of 0.004 m3 per S$ of revenue in FY2020. We 

would work on improving our water usage practices in FY2022 

OPTIMISING USE OF RESOURCES

Our approach is to look across all facets of our business to 

identify opportunities to optimise the use of resources and 

minimise wastage. Not only does this reduce costs, it is better for 

the environment in terms of reducing the amount of downstream 

waste. In FY2021, we minimised wastage of food ingredients and 

raw materials by using a real-time e-ordering system throughout 

our network. This also ensured that ingredients would be fresh 

when delivered to the outlets.  

The Group segregated paper cartons and aluminium from the 

rest of the waste generated for recycling and explored new uses 

for these materials. Empty aluminium drink cans were recycled, 

and empty bottles were reused to store various sauces.

Recyclable food grade delivery boxes were used to deliver semi-

finished food products from the central kitchens to our food stalls 

throughout Singapore. These boxes could be used multiple times, 

thus reducing the total amount of packaging materials needed. 

We encouraged our food stalls to store used cooking oils in 

separate containers. These were collected by licensed collectors 

to recycle the oil into industrial soaps and detergents.

We implemented various recycling programmes at the outlets 

and encouraged vendors and customers to use fewer single-use 

plastic bags, containers and utensils. One initiative was offering 

a discount for customers who used their own containers for 

takeaway orders from Kimly Seafood “Zi Char”. To discourage 

the use of disposable cutlery, we partnered Foodpanda to provide 

a free stainless steel cutlery set to customers with a minimum 

spend of S$25 per order.    

MINIMISING ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT








KIMLY LIMITED

Kimly has built up a strong network of reliable, quality and cost-

effective suppliers over the years. In FY2021, we worked closely 

with our suppliers to minimise supply chain disruptions arising 

from COVID-19 and other seasonal and weather-related factors.     

SUPPLIER SELECTION

The Group adopts a holistic approach in our selection of suppliers 

and food vendors. Because of the COVID-19 situation in FY2021, 

we needed to ensure that our suppliers could reliably and 

safely deliver our raw produce and other materials on time and 

according to our requirements. Product quality and reliability of 

suppliers’ services such as timeliness of delivery are essential in 

our supplier selection to ensure the freshness, quality and safety 

of our ingredients. 

The Head of Department of each business unit will actively search 

and assess at least 2 suppliers for each of the supplies needed, 

and through price, quality and service assessment, selects the 

right supplier partner. A key supplier assessment criterion is 

the total pricing which includes unit price, payment terms and 

rebates offered to ensure the economic sustainability of our food 

value chain.

SUPPLIERS’ EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES

To develop the social aspects of our sustainable food value 

chain, we requested our suppliers to implement fair employment 

practices and policies to protect their employees. 

In line with the social pillar of our sustainability philosophy 

and adopting a sustainable food value chain perspective, the 

Group requires our suppliers to provide a safe and healthy 

working environment for their employees. Our suppliers have to 

provide assurance that they comply with all employment-related 

and applicable laws and regulations. They are encouraged to 

implement policies that promote the general health of employees 

and prevent work-related injuries and illnesses.

In FY2021, there were no reported negative social impacts along 

the supply chain. Because of the close relationships built up over 

the years between Kimly and our suppliers, our supply chain 

continued to function smoothly. In the past 18 months since 

Malaysia introduced land border restrictions in March 2020, we 

had been working closely with our suppliers to prioritise our 

materials and make operational adjustments, such as scheduling 

deliveries at night. We built up our stocks and procured in 

bulk. Our practice of using a group of suppliers rather than 

depending on a single supplier helped as well. We continued our 

longstanding practice of paying our suppliers on time so as not 

to have any adverse impact on their cashflow. 

 

Supplier

Social Management









22


23

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021









PROVIDING AFFORDABLE MEALS TO ALL

The strong market demand throughout the pandemic was an 

affirmation of Kimly’s ability to cater to the mass market’s 

essential needs in good and tough times. We regularly reviewed 

our pricing to ensure that our meals were affordable and offered 

good value for money. In FY2021, we saw an opportunity to 

provide dim sum “comfort food” to satisfy the hunger pangs of 

substantial numbers of “Work From Home” consumers. We rolled 

out a range of “Home Ranger”, “Double Meal” and “King’s Meal” 

sets in June 2021 to cater to different group and appetite sizes. 

The take up exceeded expectations given the tasty variety, free 

canned drinks and bundled discounts ranging from 10% to 21%.   

We offered generous discounts on the monthly seafood bundles in 

conjunction with our food delivery platform partners. 

 

PAYING IT FORWARD

We supported various community initiatives and charities in 

FY2021. This included a donation of S$48,150 to Community 

Foundation of Singapore’s SayangFrontliners@Work fund, which 

was used to purchase, pack and distribute care packs to different 

frontline workers working round the clock to keep Singapore safe 

during the COVID-19 crisis. 

We also sponsored S$600 worth of Kimly F&amp;B vouchers for 

SportSG’s Team Nila outreach activities in July to August 2021 to 

encourage seniors to maintain an active lifestyle.  

CREATING EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES

In FY2021, we expanded our operations in various localities, which 

allowed us to provide additional employment opportunities. Our 

policy is to actively hire locals to take up the various job positions 

that come with the opening of a coffee shop. We employed 1,518 

Singaporean Citizens and Permanent Residents, who comprised 

67% of our total workforce. Most of these locals were deployed 

in our various food outlets near their homes, including more than 

200 part-timers who required flexible schedules for their personal 

and other commitments.  

Some of the self-operated food stall owners in our coffee shops 

and food courts had encountered cashflow issues because 

of COVID-19. We assisted by offering rental concessions and 

referring them to various Government assistance schemes. 

Supporting The Local

Community




































KIMLY LIMITED

GRI STANDARDS

REPORT REFERENCE

PAGE

GRI 102: GENERAL DISCLOSURES

102-1

Name of the organization

Board’s Statement

3

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services

Corporate website (https://kimlygroup.sg/)  

102-3

Location of headquarters

Corporate website 

102-4 

Location of operations

Corporate website

102-5 

Ownership and legal form

Corporate website

102-6

Markets served

Corporate website

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Corporate website 

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Sustainable, Committed and Competent Workforce

11

102-9 

Supply chain

Corporate website

102-10

Significant changes to organisation and its supply chain

Nil

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach

Kimly Limited is committed to environmental protection. If there are reasonable grounds for us to 

exercise caution, even if scientific evidence is unavailable or inconclusive, we will endeavour to minimise 

any environmental harm

102-14

Statement from senior decision maker

Board’s Statement 

3

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour

Kimly’s Sustainability Strategy

Risk Management and Socioeconomic Compliance

5, 7

102-18

Governance structure

Sustainability Governance

7

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder Engagement 

9

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Stakeholder Engagement

9

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder Engagement

9

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder Engagement

9

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

Annual Report 

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

Reporting Scope 

8

GRI

Content Index

24




25

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

GRI STANDARDS

REPORT REFERENCE

PAGE

GRI 102: GENERAL DISCLOSURES

102-47

List of material topics

Materiality Assessment

10

102-48

Restatements of information

Nil

102-49

Changes in reporting 

Nil

102-50

Reporting period

Reporting Scope 

8

102-51

Date of most recent report

January 2021

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

Enquiries can be emailed to: 

investor.relations@kimlygroup.sg  

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with GRI Standards

Reporting Scope 

8

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index

24

102-56

External assurance

Nil

TOPIC-SPECIFIC STANDARDS

Sustainable, Committed and Competent Workforce

GRI 404: TRAINING AND EDUCATION

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

Training and Development

12

404-2

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 

assistance programs

Training and Development

12

404-3

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and

career development reviews

Employee Diversity

11

GRI 405: DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

Employee Diversity

11

GRI 406: NON-DISCRIMINATION

406-1

Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken

Employee Diversity

11

GRI CONTENT INDEX




KIMLY LIMITED

GRI STANDARDS

REPORT REFERENCE

PAGE

GRI 408: CHILD LABOUR

408-1

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child 

labour

Risk Management and Socioeconomic Compliance

7

GRI 401: EMPLOYMENT

401-1

Benefits provided to the full time employees that are not 

provided to temporary or part-time employees

Employee Benefits

11

401-2

Parental leave

Employee Benefits

11

GRI 419: SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social 

and economic area

Risk Management and Socioeconomic Compliance

7

GRI 205: ANTI-CORRUPTION

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption

Anti-Corruption

8

205-2

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and 

procedures

Anti-Corruption

8

Food Health and Safety

GRI 403: OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

403-1

Occupational health and safety management system

Occupational Health and Safety

16

403-2

Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation

Occupational Health and Safety

16

403-3

Occupational health services

Occupational Health and Safety

16

403-4

Worker participation, consultation, and communication on 

occupational health and safety

Managing Human Resource Impact of COVID-19

Occupational Health and Safety

13, 16

403-5

Worker training on occupational health and safety

Training and Development

Occupational Health and Safety

12, 16

403-6

Promotion of worker health

Occupational Health and Safety

16

403-7

Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety 

impacts directly linked by business relationships 

Occupational Health and Safety

Mandatory COVID-19 Testing

16

403-9

Work-related injuries

Occupational Health and Safety

16

GRI

Content Index

26




27

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

GRI CONTENT INDEX

GRI STANDARDS

REPORT REFERENCE

PAGE

GRI 416: CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY

416-1

Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and 

service categories

Procurement Process

Food Storage

Food Preparation

Outlet Management

Customer Safety

14, 15, 18

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety 

impacts of products and services

Customer Safety

18

Minimising Environmental Impact

GRI 307: ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations

Environmental Compliance

20

GRI 308: SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT

308-1

New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria

Environmental Compliance

20

308-2

Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions 

taken

Environmental Compliance

20

GRI 302: ENERGY

302-1

Energy consumption within the organisation

Energy and Emissions Management

20

302-3

Energy intensity

Energy and Emissions Management

20

302-4

Reduction of energy consumption

Energy and Emissions Management

20

302-5

Reduction in energy requirements of products and services

Energy and Emissions Management

20

GRI 305: EMISSIONS

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

Energy and Emissions Management

20

305-4

GHG emissions intensity

Energy and Emissions Management

20

305-5

Reduction of GHG emissions

Energy and Emissions Management

20




KIMLY LIMITED

28

GRI STANDARDS

REPORT REFERENCE

PAGE

GRI 306: EFFLUENTS AND WASTE

306-1

Water discharge by quality and destination

Water Conservation

21

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

Optimising Use of Resources

21

Supplier Social Management

GRI 414: SUPPLIER SOCIAL ASSESSMENT

414-1

New suppliers that were screened using social criteria

Supplier Selection

22

414-2

Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken

Suppliers’ Employment Practices

22

Supporting the Local Community

GRI 413: LOCAL COMMUNITIES

413-1

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programs

Providing Affordable Meals to All

Paying It Forward

23

GRI 203: INDIRECT ECONOMIC IMPACTS

203-2

Significant indirect economic impacts

Creating Employment Opportunities

23

This report has been reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, PrimePartners Corporate Finance Pte. Ltd. (the “Sponsor”). It has not been examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “Exchange”) and the Exchange assumes no 

responsibility for the contents of this document, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this document.

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr Joseph Au, 16 Collyer Quay, #10-00 Income at Raffles Singapore 049318, sponsorship@ppcf.com.sg.

GRI

Content Index




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

(Company Registration No. 201613903R)

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore on 23 May 2016)

13 Woodlands Link

Singapore 738725

https://kimlygroup.sg

