


KINGSMEN CRE ATIVES LTD 

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y 

R E P O R T

2020







C O N T E N T S

About Kingsmen 

02

 

Message from Group CEO 

04

About this Report 

05

Our Approach to Sustainability 

06

Our People 

09

Our Community 

12

Our Environment 

13

Targets 

14

GRI Index Table 

15

1

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020




ABOUT 

KINGSMEN

Established in 1976 and listed on 

the Mainboard of the Singapore 

Exchange since 2003, Kingsmen is a 

leading communication design and 

production group with a strategic 

network of 21 offices and full service 

facilities across Asia Pacific, Middle 

East and the United States of America 

to serve our global clients today.

Our commitment to quality standards 

has gained worldwide recognition in 

the fields of design consultancy, project 

management and construction. We 

operate in four main business segments: 

• 

Exhibitions &amp; Events 

Transforming shows through 

bespoke solutions

• 

Retail &amp; Corporate Interiors  

Crafting sophisticated interiors 

that bring brands to life

• 

Thematic, Museums &amp; Attractions 

Delivering immersive moments 

through themed environments

• 

Alternative Marketing 

Crafting unique brand 

experiences for engagement 

Backed by a dedicated team of over 

1,800 staff, our “One-Stop Shop” 

concept reflects a seamless workflow 

from sophisticated design capabilities, 

attention to design &amp; production 

details, full warehousing facilities to 

service-oriented project management. 

Helping brands to create and design 

meaningful experiences that go 

beyond the physical environment, 

we have a multidisciplinary team 

of creative designers from diverse 

cultures as well as experienced 

project teams. Supported by a 

combined manufacturing facility of 

over 1 million sqft with a full suite of 

services managed by an efficient team 

of skilled craftsmen, we are able to 

ensure both customer satisfaction 

and stringent quality control.

Kingsmen’s business culture is founded 

on creativity, quality, integrity and 

innovation. At Kingsmen, we take 

pride in delivering each project from 

conceptualization to production and 

fulfilment, ensuring each possesses its 

own unique character. Our continuous 

growth with our valued clientele is a 

reflection of our commitment to good 

design, effective project management 

and customers' satisfaction. 

2

KINGSMEN CREATIVES LTD




VISION 

Design-led, Quality and Service-Driven

MISSION

• 

To maintain our position as one of the leaders in Asia Pacific

• 

To be an active global player and be recognized as one of 

the elite marketing communication houses globally

• 

To provide exciting and fulfilling career opportunities for all members 

through continual expansion and continuous learning

O U R 

P H I L O S O P H Y 

3

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020






MESSAGE FROM 

GROUP CEO

2020 was an extraordinary year in many ways. We witnessed 

a heightened focus on sustainability to navigate the effects 

of the COVID-19 pandemic. From individuals, businesses to 

communities around the world, it called upon us to act with 

care, agility, and resilience. At the start of the pandemic, we did 

not have all the answers to what was happening, but we were 

prepared to explore all possibilities to support our clients and 

safeguard the health of our employees. As always, we continue to 

put people at the center of everything we do.

Following the onset of the pandemic, we formed a global 

response team that is monitoring and supporting our operations, 

focusing particularly on maintaining the safety and health, both 

physical and mental, of our employees, while ensuring business 

continuity. Our employees shifted from office to remote working 

quickly, and redeployed teams were able to respond and provide 

continuous support to clients globally. 

While it was a very different year for our business, we 

endeavoured to keep our sustainability goals on track, made 

progress and met our 2020 targets. We accelerated the 

integration of our sustainability strategy, and helped our clients 

do the same. Focusing on the areas we could have a significant 

impact on, we deployed a wide range of digital and creative 

solutions to meet the needs of our clients. Over the past year, we 

launched several new initiatives that delivered on our promise of a 

sustainable, resilient business. These included group-wide training 

programmes on digitalisation, broadening our green offerings and 

integrating stability in our supply chain, to name just a few. 

It is our responsibility to play an active part in creating solutions 

and to continue to build on the foundations for our business.  

Our purpose and values guide us in our work, and we are here in 

both the good and challenging times.

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I want to express my heartfelt 

thanks to my colleagues for their dedication in paving the way 

for a more sustainable and better future. The race is not run, and 

with the strong support of our employees, clients, partners and 

shareholders, we look to the future with renewed confidence.

Andrew Cheng 

Group Chief Executive Officer

4

KINGSMEN CREATIVES LTD








This is a standalone Sustainability Report that covers 

the environmental and social aspects of our business 

operations and progress to date. The report is produced 

in accordance to the Global Reporting Initiative’s (GRI) 

Sustainability Reporting Guidelines at Core level. The 

report is also prepared in accordance with SGX-ST Listing 

Rules (711A and 711B) – Sustainability Reporting. 

A B O U T  T H I S 

R E P O R T

With the support of top management, a sustainability reporting committee with 

representatives from different divisions was formed. A materiality assessment 

was conducted and the relevant information gathered. It covers the topics 

that have been deemed as material to Kingsmen’s key stakeholders.

Your feedback is welcome and you can reach us at info@kingsmen-int.com

REPORTING PERIOD &amp; SCOPE

The report covers the performance of Kingsmen and its subsidiaries 

(the “Group”) from 1 January to 31 December 2020 (FY2020). 

We have included the historical data for the previous year of 

FY2019 for comparison, where available. There has not been any 

restatement of figures for data disclosed in the previous year,

This report supplements Kingsmen’s Annual Report 2020, which can be found on 

our corporate website www.kingsmen-int.com. In accordance with our efforts to 

be more environmentally friendly, this report will only be made available online.

5

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


OUR APPROACH  

TO SUSTAINABILITY 

01

02

03

Our sustainability strategy is driven by three key pillars 

of responsible business practice and aims to bring 

shared values and constantly challenge the way we 

work in order to achieve our business objectives:

Our vision is to become sustainably 

profitable, and we are prepared to 

constantly challenge the way we 

work in order to achieve this. Such 

thoughtful growth calls for the use 

of goals on sustainability that are 

rooted in our business ambitions. 

In accordance with our intention to 

fully integrate sustainability into our 

corporate DNA, we constantly review 

our stakeholder engagements and 

our business processes to identify 

industry trends, sustainability risks 

and opportunities. Where feasible, 

we incorporate these issues into our 

business model and plans with a 

view to implement sustainable and 

responsible practices in order to ensure 

long-term value for our stakeholders.  

We strive to be relevant in the marketplace 

&amp; generate profits to benefit our 

stakeholders &amp; the community at large. 

We will create sustainable value for our 

stakeholders &amp; are committed to aligning our 

long-term business strategies with their interests. 

We will continue to refine our sustainability 

framework and drive performance improvements 

around our key material issues.

6

KINGSMEN CREATIVES LTD


MATERIALITY 

The key topics covered in this sustainability report are based on an in-

depth materiality assessment that identifies material issues that reflect 

our significant economic, environmental and social impacts – on our 

performance as a business and influencing the decisions of stakeholders. 

We review our selected material sustainability factors regularly based on 

importance to our stakeholders and the sustainability impact to our business. 

FY2020 has clearly shown that sustainability-related issues such as digitalisation, 

environment, health and safety and ethics are now even more important in 

the way we conduct business. Our senior management is firmly committed to 

Kingsmen’s sustainability strategy. For FY2020, the Management, Board of Directors 

and Sustainability Committee have signed off on the existing material factors:  

Material Factors

Topics 

Read more in our:

Economic 

Performance

Economic Performance 

Annual Report – Financial Statements, pages 40 - 131 

Governance

Governance 

Annual Report - Corporate Governance, pages 25 - 39

People

Employee Well-being 

Training &amp; Education

Talent Attraction &amp; Retention

Health &amp; Safety

People section of our Sustainability Report, pages 9 - 11

Environment 

Waste &amp; Resource Management 

Environment section of our Sustainability Report,  

page 13

Community

Community Involvement 

Community section of our Sustainability Report,  

page 12

7

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020




OUR APPROACH  

TO SUSTAINABILITY 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

We value open and frank communication with our stakeholders and it was 

especially important to the Group to continue such engagement during the period 

of uncertainties that prevailed throughout much of FY2020. The Group recognises 

the importance of constantly reviewing its business strategy and values the input 

and opinions of stakeholders in all forms. Consequently the Group actively engages 

in meaningful dialogue with stakeholders through diverse communication channels. 

Through these interactions, we obtain feedback, concerns and views that help us 

manage and improve our sustainability strategy in order to generate long-term value 

and ensure that sustainability initiatives are imprinted into our business operations.

We identify stakeholders as groups that have an impact, or potential to be  

impacted by our business. As part of the process, the Group has identified  

four key stakeholder groups below:

Communicating with our stakeholders: 

Stakeholders

Forms of engagement

Customers

• Ongoing progress meetings

• After-sales service 

• Quarterly Electronic Direct Mailers (EDM)

Suppliers &amp; business partners

•  Established channels of communication such as meetings, emails and  

phone calls

Employees

•  Regular employee engagement 

•  Bi-monthly newsletters 

•  Training courses 

•  Regular feedback sessions within teams 

•  Annual performance appraisals

•  Team building activities

Shareholders

• Annual General Meeting 

•  Investor Relations (IR) team ensures that all material announcements are posted in 

the IR section of the corporate website

• End-of-year financial results briefings

• Announcements published on SGXNET whenever required by the Listing Manual

Customers

Suppliers &amp; 

business partners

Employees

Shareholders

8

KINGSMEN CREATIVES LTD




OUR 

PEOPLE 

Sustainability is and will always be 

a continuous journey of learning 

and improving. Our central belief 

is that the progress of our Group 

goes hand in hand with helping 

our community thrive. We invest in 

sustainable employability by creating 

a environment for our employees 

that nurtures, engages, enriches and 

rewards. We encourage all employees 

to continuously learn and develop 

themselves beyond the conventional. 

At the same time, we value diversity 

and character building so as to build a 

cohesive and competitive workforce. 

This is achieved by prioritising 

talent attraction and retention, 

creating a safe and secure working 

environment as well as investing 

in training and development.

In FY2020, like many companies, 

Kingsmen was affected by the 

COVID-19 pandemic. Nonetheless, 

we managed to minimize and mitigate 

the impact of the global crisis on 

our employees. We supported those 

employees we could and helped to 

transition teams to a remote and/

or hybrid work system. It was a 

groupwide effort to ensure both 

the safety and well-being of our 

employees during the pandemic – 

without neglecting ongoing projects. 

Our human resource Policies and Code 

of Conduct cover fair remuneration, 

benefits, health and safety, career 

development and training and are 

regularly reviewed by our management. 

The policies comply with the legal 

standards in the areas we operate in.

TALENT STRATEGY 

People are key to the success of 

our Group and we firmly believe in 

investing in our talent strategy to build 

a sustainable pipeline of talents. This 

includes offering continuous training 

and development, ensuring employee 

engagement and creating a sound 

foundation to nurture the future leaders 

of the organisation. As part of our 

leadership renewal plans, we participate 

in the Singapore-Industry Scholarship 

(SgIS) – a partnership between the 

Government and Kingsmen to develop 

a strong core of Singaporeans to 

anchor strategic sectors which are 

critical for Singapore’s development. 

Employees who are not in leadership 

positions but who have demonstrated 

clear leadership abilities and ambition 

are identified and we provide them 

with the opportunity and environment 

to develop their skills in management 

and leadership, with the goal to helping 

them build a strong foundation for their 

future development as managers and 

leaders. We also place importance on 

internal mobility and where relevant, we 

actively look for an internal candidate 

with the required skillset. Through 

this approach, we aim to retain talent. 

In FY2020, we saw a major shift in 

the demand for specific divisions 

and job functions. This allowed us 

to increase opportunities for internal 

mobility and redeployment, both on 

a temporary and permanent basis. To 

enhance our leadership development 

and growth we also continuously 

monitor the capabilities of our 

staff with an eye on their ability to 

undertake strategically critical roles.

9

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020












OUR 

PEOPLE 

TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT 

– KINGSMEN ACADEMY

Maximising the talent present 

within the Group is one of our key 

areas of focus. We promote and 

support employee development 

and organizational effectiveness 

by providing high-quality training 

programmes that are aligned with the 

strategic needs of our organisation. 

By investing across creative, technical 

and leadership skills, we provide 

our people with opportunities 

for professional and personal 

development, keeping them engaged 

with the industry. All new Kingsmen 

employees undergo an onboarding 

programme, which exposes them 

to the culture of Kingsmen, a broad 

overview of the Company, and 

knowledge of their day-to-day 

job roles and responsibilities. 

The training curriculum is guided 

by our strategy on employee 

development and consists of various 

programmes that range from 

core functional competencies to 

leadership capabilities and life skills. 

These include on-the-job training 

and coaching, and the mentorship 

programme which provides a 

unique opportunity for identified 

employees to engage and learn 

from senior management through 

casual engagement sessions. 

In FY2020, the Kingsmen Academy 

identified additional channels 

for learning and development by 

offering online and hybrid training 

courses. In spite of the adverse 

physical restrictions consequent 

on the pandemic, we continued 

investing in employee learning and 

development, pivoting quickly to 

offer remote, virtual training sessions 

in place of our in-person courses. In 

addition, by deploying technology, 

we were able to increase the number 

of employees in remote offices 

participating in training programmes.

LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT 

Through a structured leadership 

development framework, we develop 

skilled leadership competencies that 

creates a strong foundation to become 

future leaders. Our annual regional 

conferences are aimed at accelerating 

the development of a strong regional 

talent pool across the Group. The 

conferences addresses change, 

culture, and thought leadership. These 

are opportunities for future leaders 

to sharpen their skills to be effective 

leaders in critical leadership positions. 

In FY2020, we redesigned the 

leadership summit to comply with 

a 100%-digital format and saw 88 

delegates attending the conference. 

This approach allowed us to continue 

our engagement with the core 

leaders of the Group so as to maintain 

the cohesiveness and collegiality 

that is critical to an environment 

of enterprise and achievement. 

10

KINGSMEN CREATIVES LTD






EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT 

FY2020 saw us accelerating the 

transition to flexible work arrangements 

with many finding new ways to 

collaborate and communicate with 

colleagues, clients and partners, all 

while working remotely. It was a 

priority to ensure that employees were 

engaged and remained connected 

with their colleagues and managers 

so as to achieve the best possible 

working environment in what are trying 

circumstances. The Group also took 

steps to ensure that engagements 

with and between employees was 

as wide and involved as many as 

possible by employing virtual town 

hall sessions to keep employees 

abreast about developments in their 

teams and the Group as a whole. 

The Group also implemented surveys 

as a tool to assist in identifying possible 

areas of concern so that they could be 

addressed quickly and the employees’ 

morale and motivation maintained.

WORKPLACE HEALTH &amp; SAFETY

We continue our commitment to 

ensuring the health and safety of all our 

employees and conduct our business 

in accordance with all workplace health 

and safety laws, standards, and codes 

of practice. The green committee 

ensures that we comply with all 

regulatory requirements, conduct 

safety onsite inspections, fire safety 

plans, and enforces safety-related 

trainings of all operational staff. 

It was also a key priority in FY2020 

to ensure health and safety in the 

working environment. With a global 

presence of offices and production 

sites around the world, we were able 

to learn from experiences of our 

colleagues in different countries and 

prepared the necessary measures 

in a nimble manner. Compliance 

and adherence with the legal 

requirements while keeping our 

employees happy and engaged was 

a critical goal for the Group. The 

team also focused on ensuring the 

supply of protective equipment and 

organised work in the office to be 

aligned with social distancing rules. 

Through regular communication 

with employees, management 

in the Group also monitored the 

morale and psychological well-

being of our employees.





11

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020






At Kingsmen, we believe we have a 

responsibility to improve the lives 

of those in the communities we 

operate in and focus on initiatives 

that will contribute where it matters 

and have a positive impact. Beyond 

corporate work, our community 

strategy is focused on areas of 

education, design, and youth. 

Our focus on supporting youth 

empowerment is an extension of 

our motto of continuous learning 

that has become synonymous with 

Kingsmen. We therefore connect 

our employees with the marginalised 

youth through our support for the 

beneficiaries’ community engagement 

work. We also participate in other 

community initiatives on selective basis, 

ensuring that it is aligned with our 

community engagement objective. 

O U R 

C O M M U N I T Y 

In FY2020, we reviewed our corporate 

social responsibility efforts to ensure 

that it reflects the latest development in 

our business and external environment. 

In order to ensure more people can 

participate in and benefit from our 

outreach, we launched ‘Empowering 

Learners, Inspiring Change’.

Aimed at leveraging on our inherent 

capabilities and facilities around 

the world to empower innovation 

and creativity in the community, we 

hope to collaborate with educational 

institutions and industry partners to 

build future pool of creative talents. 

12

KINGSMEN CREATIVES LTD






O U R 

E N V I R O N M E N T 

Our sustainability approach ensures 

that we generate value for both our 

organization and our clients throughout 

the planning and execution phase 

of our projects. We understand that 

our business processes can have 

positive and negative environmental 

impacts and we do our part to 

minimises our environmental 

footprint while maximising the 

positive longer-term impacts. 

SUSTAINABLE WORKING 

ENVIRONMENT 

We are a part of the global effort 

to sustain and better manage 

resources and are constantly 

seeking ways to deliver more 

environmentally-friendly projects. 

Some of our conservation initiatives 

include adopting environmentally-

friendly practices into our processes, 

including all our offices and production 

plants to minimise the impact of 

our business operations on the 

environment. As part of our standard 

operating procedures, we also reduce 

energy and water consumption. In 

the production plants, equipment is 

regularly maintained and upgraded to 

enhance electricity efficiency. Project 

scheduling at production plants 

ensure that equipment is operating 

at optimal efficiency to reduce 

unnecessary energy consumption.  

In FY2020, we managed to reduce 

our carbon emissions following a 

significant reduction in business 

related travel and an increase in the 

use of technology to replace physical 

meetings. We will continue to examine 

the benefits of further reductions in 

our carbon footprint, including how 

best to use a technology-driven 

hybrid working environment.

SUSTAINABLE SOLUTIONS

Our designers and project personnel 

advocate green design during the 

planning process and there is a constant 

collaborative effort to seek ways to 

make projects more eco-friendly with 

the introduction of new or innovative 

products and materials that minimize 

the amount of waste we generate. 

We also consider environmental 

impacts in our recommendations to 

clients both early in the design stage 

and throughout procurement. 



In FY2020, we seek to support efforts 

at reducing carbon emissions by 

encouraging clients to consider 

innovative solutions where possible 

and to prioritise climate friendly 

alternatives where feasible. From mobile 

event apps, virtual events, software 

for remote co-creation and state-

of-the-art AV solutions, we worked 

closely with clients to identify relevant 

solutions that allow them to continue 

business in a sustainable manner.

It is our ambition to work with all 

our business partners to raise their 

awareness of the need to reduce our 

carbon footprint wherever viable. 


T A R G E T S

Performance Targets for FY2021

People

• Implement programmes for upgrading digital competency skills 

• Further foster leadership development 

Environment 

• Undertake further initiatives to promote environmental responsibility 

Community

•  Focus our support on areas to connect our employees with purpose and leverage their expertise and 

skills, targeting long-lasting impact.

14

KINGSMEN CREATIVES LTD


G R I

T A B L E

GRI 

Standard

Disclosure

Page Reference/Information

GRI 102: General Disclosures

Organisational profile 

102-1

Name of Organization

Kingsmen Creatives Ltd 

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

Sustainability Report – About Kingsmen (page 2); Annual Report 

– Financial Highlights &amp; Performance Review (pages 10 to 15)

102-3

Location of headquarters

Singapore

102-4

Location of Operations

14 countries: Singapore, Cambodia, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, 

Japan, Malaysia, Myanmar, People's Republic of China, South Korea, 

Thailand, United Arab Emirates, United States of America, Vietnam

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Annual Report – Financials, Note 1 to the 

Financial Statements (page 59)

102-6

Markets served

Markets in Singapore, Bangkok, Beijing, Busan, Dubai, 

Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh, Hong Kong, Jakarta, Kuala Lumpur, 

Los Angeles, Macau, New Delhi, Osaka, Phnom Penh, 

Seoul, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Taipei, Tokyo, Yangon

102-7

Scale of the organization

Annual Report – Financial Highlights &amp; 

Performance Review (pages 10 to 15)

102-8

Information on employees 

and other workers

The scope of the sustainability report only covers all 

employees in Kingsmen and its subsidiaries. 

102-9

Supply Chain

Our supply chain integrates both in-house capabilities with 

best of breed expertise from external parties. These include 

sub-contractors and partners in the carpentry, metal works, 

mechanical and electrical, flooring, spray painting, lighting, 

air conditioning, painting, carpet, freight forwarding and 

travel sectors to deliver the optimal solution seamlessly.

102-10

Significant changes to the 

organization and its supply chain

No significant changes 

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

Annual Report – Corporate Governance Report (pages 25 to 39)

102-12

External initiatives

Sustainability Report – Our Approach to Sustainability (page 6)

102-13

Memberships of associations

Refer to our Kingsmen Website – Awards and Affiliations

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision maker

Sustainability Report –Message from Group CEO (page 4)

Ethics and Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards 

and norms of behavior

Annual Report – Corporate Governance Report (pages 25 to 39)

Governance 

102-18

Governance Structure 

Annual Report – Corporate Governance Report (pages 25 to 39)

15

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


GRI 

Standard

Disclosure

Page Reference/Information

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Sustainability Report –Stakeholder Engagement (page 8)

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

0% of workforce are participating in 

collective bargaining agreements.

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Sustainability Report – Materiality. Stakeholder Engagement (page 8) 

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Sustainability Report – Stakeholder Engagement (page 8); 

Annual Report – Corporate Governance Report, Communication 

with Shareholders, Principle 12 (page 37 to 39)

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Sustainability Report – Materiality (page 7) 

Reporting Practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements

Annual Report – Notes 17 to 19 to the Financial 

Statements (pages 92 to 103) 

102-46

Defining report content 

and topic boundaries

Sustainability Report – About this Report (page 5)

102-47

List of Material Topics 

Sustainability Report – Materiality (page 7)

102-48

Restatements of information

Not applicable

102-49

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable

102-50

Reporting period

1 January – 31 December 2020

102-51

Date of most recent report

Not applicable

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report

info@kingsmen-int.com

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance 

with the GRI Standards

Sustainability Report – About this Report (page 5)

102-55

GRI Content Index

GRI Content Index

102-56

External Assurance 

We have not sought external assurance for 

our current Sustainability Report.

GRI 200: Economic Performance 

201-1

Direct economic value 

generated &amp; distributed

Annual Report – Financials  (pages 40 to 131)

202-2

Proportion of senior management 

hired from the local community at 

significant locations of operation

Annual Report – Board of Directors,  

Senior Management (pages 6 to 9)

GRI 300: Environment

301-2

Recycled input materials used

Sustainability Report – Our Environment (page 13)

-

Eco-Innovation

Sustainability Report – Our Environment (page 13)

G R I

T A B L E

16

KINGSMEN CREATIVES LTD


GRI 

Standard

Disclosure

Page Reference/Information

GRI 400: Social

401-2

Benefits to full term employees 

that are not provided to part-

time or temporary employees

Sustainability Report – Our People (page 9)

402-1

Minimum notice periods regarding 

operational changes

In the event of termination, a minimum notice period of 

one to three months needs to be fulfilled, depending on the 

employee’s job grade. The minimum notice period for non-

executives has been specified in the employee’s contract.

403-1

Worker representation in formal 

joint management – worker 

health &amp; safety committees

Sustainability Report – Our People (page 9)

404-1

Average hours of training 

per employee per year

Sustainability Report – Our People (page 9)

404-2

Programs for upgrading employee skills

Sustainability Report – Our People (page 10)

404-3 

Percentage of employees 

receiving regular performance and 

career development reviews 

Sustainability Report – Our People (page 10)

413-1

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments 

and development programs 

Sustainability Report – Our Community (page 12)

17

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


Kingsmen Creatives Ltd

Co. Reg. No. 200210790Z

The Kingsmen Experience

22 Changi Business Park Central 2 

Singapore 486032

Tel (65) 688 000 88

info@kingsmen-int.com

www.kingsmen-int.com






