
1 

 

 

 

 

 

 

KITCHEN CULTURE 

HOLDINGS LTD. 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2018 

 

 

 




2 

 

 

CONTENTS 

 

 

 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE  

3 

ABOUT THIS REPORT  

3 

BOARD STATEMENT  

3 

FRAMEWORK, POLICY, PRACTICES AND PERFORMANCE  

4 

MATERIAL ESG FACTORS  

7 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

11 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This Sustainability Report has been reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited 

(the “Sponsor”). This Sustainability Report has not been examined or approved by the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “Exchange”) and the Exchange assumes no responsibility 

for the contents of this Sustainability Report, including the correctness of any of the statements or 

opinions made or reports contained in this Sustainability Report.  

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms. Lee Khai Yinn (Tel: (65) 6232 3210) at 1 Robinson Road, 

#21-00 AIA Tower, Singapore 048542. 

 

 

 

 

 


3 

 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

Listed on the SGX-Catalist in 2011, Kitchen Culture Holdings Ltd. (the “Company”) together 

with its subsidiaries (the “Group”) ranks among Singapore’s leading distributors of high-end 

kitchen systems, kitchen appliances, wardrobe systems, bathroom furniture, household 

furniture and kitchen accessories from Europe. Backed by more than 27 years of experience 

and track record in the business, the Group has established itself as a premier kitchen 

solutions provider for discerning and well-heeled consumers in Singapore, where it is 

headquartered, as well as China, Hong Kong and Malaysia. 

 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

This is the Company’s inaugural sustainability report and it covers the period from 1 July 2017 

to 30 June 2018 (“FY2018”). It is intended at addressing material Environmental, Social and 

Governance (“ESG”) matters which are significant to the Group’s project and retail business 

in Singapore. In line with the Group’s continued commitment to environmental sustainability, 

we hope to share more in our subsequent reports which will be published on a yearly basis. 

 

We welcome stakeholders to provide us with feedback and suggestions on this report. You 

may contact us at finance@khlmktg.com. 

 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

Recognising the importance of sustainability, the Board of Directors (“Board”) leads the 

sustainability efforts of the Group. The Board has considered sustainability issues as part of 

its strategic formulation, determined the material ESG factors and overseen the management 

and monitoring of these factors. 

 

The Company believes in reducing its footprint and impact on the environment and abides by 

the precautionary principle to minimise negative effects of doing business whenever feasible.  

 

 


4 

 

FRAMEWORK, POLICY, PRACTICES AND PERFORMANCE  

 

FRAMEWORK AND REPORTING PROCESS 

 

This report is guided by the Global Reporting Initiatives (“GRI”) standards: Core option. The 

Company has chosen to adopt the GRI standards as it is the most internationally recognised 

global framework for voluntary corporate reporting of environmental and social performance. 

 

In FY2018, the Company set up a central function for sustainability to structure the Group’s 

sustainability initiatives led by the Group Financial Controller. These initiatives are based on 

the Group’s ESG impact and key focus areas defined at Group level, including environmental, 

social and business ethical issues, are integrated into all business units. Activities are initiated 

with the objective of developing a sustainable business. 

 

Sustainability matters at the Group are governed and managed across various levels in the 

organisation. The Board has overall responsibility and oversight on sustainability matters. The 

Executive Chairman and CEO, assisted by the Group Financial Controller, is accountable for 

the oversight of the implementation and communication of sustainability strategies, policies 

and practices to the relevant department heads who will implement and monitor sustainability 

practises on the ground. 

 

 

 

 


5 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENTS 

 

The Company recognises all stakeholders are important to the Group’s long-term success, 

and efforts are made to know and understand the demands and concerns of its stakeholders. 

Stakeholders are identified and prioritised based on their dependence and influence on the 

business. The Group proactively engages with its key stakeholders, so that their feedback can 

be incorporated to improve the Group’s business. The Group adopts both formal and informal 

channels of communication to understand the needs of key stakeholders, and incorporate 

these into its corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships. The following 

sets out the list of key stakeholders and the engagement platforms with such stakeholders: 

 

Stakeholder 

Group 

Mode of Engagement 

Stakeholder Expectation 

Clients 

 

Customer enquiry channels 

 

Proposals 

 

Meetings 

 

Marketing and media 

 

Satisfaction surveys 

 

Stock availability, on-time delivery 

and services, quality products and 

services, convenience and 

experience, technical and after-

sales support 

Suppliers 

 

Quotations 

 

Periodic discussions 

 

Supplier evaluation  

Compliance with terms and 

conditions of purchasing policies 

and procedures, maintain ethical 

standards, fair and transparent 

business conduct, continued 

engagement 

 

Employees 

 

Internal briefings and 

memorandums 

 

Staff appraisal  

 

Induction and orientation 

programmes 

 

Training and development 

programmes 

 

Company events and 

activities 

 

Working environment, salaries and 

incentives, staff rights and welfare, 

personal development, career 

growth, occupational health and 

safety 

Shareholders 

and 

Investors 

 

SGXNet announcements 

 

Press releases 

 

Annual reports 

 

Circulars to shareholders  

 

Shareholders’ general 

meetings 

 

Corporate website 

Profitability, transparency, timely 

financial and business updates, 

ethical business conduct 

 

Business 

Partners 

 

Frequent discussions and 

meetings 

Partnership for opportunities and 

growth 

Governments 

and 

Regulators 

 

Electronic communications 

 

SGXNet announcements 

 

Discussions with government 

agencies and regulators 

Compliance with applicable laws 

and regulations, timely reporting and 

resolutions of issues, support for 

relevant government or regulators’ 

initiatives   

 


6 

 

 

 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

As the Company commences its sustainability journey, the Management, together with the 

Board conducted a formal materiality assessment exercise in FY2018. A list of ESG matters 

relevant to the Group’s activities were identified, evaluated and ranked according to their 

importance from both internal and external stakeholders’ perspectives. Five ESG matters were 

identified as material and in line with the Management’s assessment on their relevance and 

potential impact to the Group’s business and its relationship with various stakeholders.  

 

i) 

Corporate Governance  

ii) 

Economic Performance  

iii) 

Employment  

iv) 

Training and Education  

v) 

Environment  

 

Moving forward, the material factors will be reviewed on an annual basis. A materiality 

assessment exercise will be conducted in accordance to the process described above. 

 

 

TARGET SETTING AND INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE  

 

As this is the first sustainability report, the Group does not have any specific targets in place 

for the ESG activities mentioned in the report. However, the Group is working towards greater 

sustainable value creation in ESG matters. Target setting in terms of both qualitative and 

quantitative factors will apply at such time when the Group has attained improved sustainability 

initiatives and accountability.  

 

The Group has not obtained any independent assurance of the information being reported in 

report but will continue to work on enhancing its reporting processes and consider obtaining 

independent assurance in the future. 

 

 

 


7 

 

MATERIAL ESG FACTORS 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 

The Group recognises the importance of good corporate governance, accountability 

and transparency and believes that conducting business in a responsible and ethical 

manner is vital to the sustainability of the Group’s business and safeguarding 

stakeholders’ interests. The Group’s corporate governance practices are found in the 

Annual Report for FY2018. This report outlines the role of the Board in relation to key 

governance practices.  

 

The Board takes an active role in establishing the highest possible standards of ethical, moral, 

and legal conduct. Members of staff are regularly reminded of the need to act with utmost 

honesty and integrity. Consistent with this commitment, the Group has in place a 

whistleblowing policy with the objective of providing an avenue for the staff of the Group to, in 

confidence, raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or 

other business matters which they become aware. Details of the whistleblowing policy and 

arrangements have been made available to the staff of the Group. It has a well-defined 

process which ensures independent investigation of issues/concerns raised and appropriate 

follow-up action and provides assurance to the whistle blowers that all actions in good faith 

will not affect them in their work and staff appraisal. No such whistleblowing letter was received 

in FY2018. 

 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

The Group is committed to delivering long-term value to stakeholders in a sustainable manner. 

The Group places a strong emphasis on consistent and growth-oriented financial performance 

and adopts a disciplined and prudent financial management approach while upholding good 

corporate governance. 

 

FY2018 was a challenging year for the Group as lower revenue contributions were reported 

by the Residential Projects and Distribution and Retail segments. The Group recorded 

revenue and loss before tax of S$14.4 million and S$4.0 million respectively for FY2018. The 

Group was in a negative working capital position and a net liability position of S$2.1 million 

and S$1.5 million respectively as at 30 June 2018. 

 

The Group will continue to strengthen these core business segments for future development 

and expansion, exercise prudence in its pursuit of opportunities and maintain investment 

discipline at all times. For further details of the Group’s financial performance, please refer to 

the following sections in our Annual Report for FY2018: Financial Highlights, page 12; 

Chairman and CEO Statement, pages 13 to 14; Operations and Financial Review, pages 15 

to 16; and Financial Statements, pages 47 to 108. 

 

The Group is continuously seeking to enhance its economic performance. The Group is 

determined to strengthen its fundamentals and establish enduring partnerships to ensure 

sustainability. So far, in the first half of financial year 2019, this has been evidenced by an 


8 

 

order book amounting to S$16.6 million and S$5.3 million for the Residential Projects and 

Retail and Distribution segments respectively. 

EMPLOYMENT 

 

Customer Service is key to the Company’s business policy of offering quality products and 

services. The Group’s employees are a central component to the achievement of a high 

standard of customer service that in turn drives revenue and ultimately result in a great 

impact on the Group’s success. 

 

Enduring efforts are made to build a successful team of people with the right mix of 

professional skills, and to provide a conducive work environment that drives employees 

with motivation for a highly productive team to achieve success in the long run. 

 

As at 30 June 2018, the Group’s Singapore operations had 50 full-time and permanent 

employees, comprising a diverse workforce with wide-ranging backgrounds and qualities. As 

at 30 June 2018, there is no contract or part-time employee under the Group’s Singapore 

operations. 

 

 

 

25

25

0

5

10

15

20

25

30

Male

Female

Gender


9 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2

36

12

0

5

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

Below 30

30 - 50

Above 50

Age

26

2

7

15

0

5

10

15

20

25

30

Singaporean

Malaysian

Chinese

Others

Nationality


10 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

 

Regular in-house training is conducted to update all employees on the latest developments in 

industry best practices and product offerings.    

 

In FY2018, a total of 872 hours of training were clocked by the Group’s Singapore operations 

employees. 

 

New employees are briefed on the Group’s core values and policies. A tailored orientation 

programme helps new employees to a smooth and efficient induction to their work. On-the-job 

training is a continuous process through close supervision of employees by their immediate 

managers and management team.  

 

The Group has a program for employee skills development to achieve a high standard of 

customer service. One component of the program is product training conducted by 

visiting Brand Principals. This program enhances employees’ product knowledge, technical 

expertise and problem-solving skills.  

 

The management team regularly engages with employees of the Group. Through team 

meetings, employee concerns are shared and management endeavours to address them on 

a timely basis. This practice creates a better working environment, and with employee 

feedback, helps to lay the groundwork for a highly productive team that can communicate, 

cooperate and innovate in an atmosphere of mutual trust and respect. 

 

 

ENVIRONMENT  

 

The Company is conscious of the need to protect the environment and the Group strives to 

find resource and energy-efficient solutions that help the Group, its business partners and its 

customers to reduce our climate and environmental impact. 

 

The business of the Group is supply and installation of imported kitchen systems and 

appliances. The Group does not have any manufacturing operations, direct environmental 

impact is therefore limited. However, the Group actively seeks to introduce new products that 

are environmentally friendly – products that are manufactured from sustainably sourced 

materials, and products with innovative features requiring less energy/fuel consumption and 

reduced emissions.  

 

 


11 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI Standard/Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if applicable 

102-1 Name of the organisation  

1 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

1 

Annual Report for FY2018: 4 – 8  

102-3 Location of headquarters  

1 

102-4 Location of operations 

1 

Annual Report for FY2018: 9 – 11  

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

1 

102-6 Markets served 

1 

Annual Report for FY2018: 7, 10 – 

11  

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

7 – 9 

Annual Report for FY2018: 10 – 11  

102-8 Information on employees and other workers  

8 – 9 

102-9 Supply chain  

3 &amp; 10 

Annual Report for FY2018: 2 – 7 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain 

Not applicable as there was no 

significant change during FY2018 

except as disclosed in the Annual 

Report for FY2018. 

Annual Report for FY2018: 3 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

3 

102-12 External initiatives 

 

Not applicable as there is no 

externally-developed economic, 

environmental and social charters, 

principles, or other initiatives to 

which the Group subscribes, or 

which it endorses within the scope 

of this report. 

102-13 Membership of associations 

Not applicable as there is no major 

memberships of industry or other 

associations, and national or 

international advocacy 

organisations maintained by the 

Group within the scope of this 

report. 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

3 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Annual Report for FY2018: 1 

 

102-18 Governance structure 

4 

Annual Report for FY2018: 21 to 35 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

5 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable as all employees 

within the scope of this report are 

not covered by any collective 

bargaining agreements. 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

5 – 6 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

5 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

5 – 6 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Annual Report for FY2018: 82 – 83 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

3 


12 

 

GRI Standard/Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if applicable 

102-47 List of material topics 

6 

102-48 Restatements of information 

Not applicable as it is our first 

report. 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

Not applicable as it is our first 

report. 

102-50 Reporting period 

3 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

Not applicable as it is our first 

report. 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

3 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

3 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

4 

102-55 GRI content index 

11 – 12  

102-56 External assurance 

6 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

7 – 10  

Material topic 1: Corporate governance 

7 

Annual Report for FY2018: 21 – 38 

Material topic 2: Economic performance 

7 

Material topic 3: Employment 

8 – 9 

Material topic 4: Training and education 

10 

Material topic 5: Environment 

 

10 

 

 

