
1 

 

 

 

 

 

 

KITCHEN CULTURE 

HOLDINGS LTD. 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2020 

 

 

 




2 

 

 

CONTENTS 

 

 

 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE  

3 

ABOUT THIS REPORT  

3 

BOARD STATEMENT  

3 

FRAMEWORK, POLICY, PRACTICES AND PERFORMANCE  

4 

MATERIAL ESG FACTORS  

7 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

13 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This Sustainability Report has been reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited 

(the “Sponsor”). This Sustainability Report has not been examined or approved by the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “Exchange”) and the Exchange assumes no responsibility 

for the contents of this Sustainability Report, including the correctness of any of the statements or 

opinions made or reports contained in this Sustainability Report.  

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms. Lee Khai Yinn (Tel: (65) 6232 3210) at 1 Robinson Road, 

#21-00 AIA Tower, Singapore 048542. 

 

 

 

 

 


3 

 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

Listed on the SGX-Catalist in 2011, Kitchen Culture Holdings Ltd. (the “Company”) together 

with its subsidiaries (the “Group”) ranks among Singapore’s leading distributors of high-end 

kitchen systems, kitchen appliances, wardrobe systems, bathroom furniture, household 

furniture and kitchen accessories from Europe. Backed by more than 28 years of experience 

and track record in the business, the Group has established itself as a premier kitchen 

solutions provider for discerning and well-heeled consumers in Singapore, where it is 

headquartered, as well as China, Hong Kong and Malaysia. 

 

The Company has conducted a strategic business review in March 2020 to explore new areas 

of opportunities and alternate businesses, including but not limited to, the areas of healthcare 

and medical supplies solutions, artificial intelligence, machine learning and data science. The 

Company has on 27 July 2020 and 7 October 2020 obtained shareholders’ approvals for 

diversification into (i) trading of medical and related supplies business; and (ii) artificial 

intelligence, machine learning and data science business, respectively. Subsequently on 12 

October 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of 30% equity stake in the Big Data &amp; 

Artificial Intelligence integrated solutions provider, OOWAY Technology Pte. Ltd. 

 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

This is the Company’s third sustainability report and it covers the period from 1 July 2019 to 

30 June 2020 (“FY2020”). It is intended at addressing material Environmental, Social and 

Governance (“ESG”) matters which are significant to the Group’s project and retail business 

in Singapore. In line with the Group’s continued commitment to environmental sustainability, 

we hope to share more in our subsequent reports which will be published on a yearly basis. 

 

The Group has not obtained any independent assurance of the information being reported in 

report but will continue to work on enhancing its reporting processes and consider obtaining 

independent assurance in the future. 

 

We welcome stakeholders to provide us with feedback and suggestions on this report. You 

may contact us at finance@khlmktg.com. 

 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

Recognising the importance of sustainability, the Board of Directors (“Board”) leads the 

sustainability efforts of the Group. The Board has considered sustainability issues as part of 

its strategic formulation, determined the material ESG factors and overseen the management 

and monitoring of these factors. 

 

The Company believes in reducing its footprint and impact on the environment and abides by 

the precautionary principle to minimise negative effects of doing business whenever feasible.  

 

 


4 

 

FRAMEWORK, POLICY, PRACTICES AND PERFORMANCE  

 

FRAMEWORK AND REPORTING PROCESS 

 

This report is guided by the Global Reporting Initiatives (“GRI”) standards: Core option. The 

Company has chosen to adopt the GRI standards as it is the most internationally recognised 

global framework for voluntary corporate reporting of environmental and social performance. 

 

The Company has in place a central function for sustainability to structure the Group’s 

sustainability initiatives led by the Group Financial Controller. These initiatives are based on 

the Group’s ESG impact and key focus areas defined at Group level, including environmental, 

social and business ethical issues, are integrated into all business units. Activities are initiated 

with the objective of developing a sustainable business. 

 

Sustainability matters at the Group are governed and managed across various levels in the 

organisation. The Board has overall responsibility and oversight on sustainability matters. The 

Executive Chairman and CEO, assisted by the Group Financial Controller, is accountable for 

the oversight of the implementation and communication of sustainability strategies, policies 

and practices to the relevant department heads who will implement and monitor sustainability 

practises on the ground. 

 

 

 

 


5 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENTS 

 

The Company recognises all stakeholders are important to the Group’s long-term success, 

and efforts are made to know and understand the demands and concerns of its stakeholders. 

Stakeholders are identified and prioritised based on their dependence and influence on the 

business. The Group proactively engages with its key stakeholders, so that their feedback can 

be incorporated to improve the Group’s business. The Group adopts both formal and informal 

channels of communication to understand the needs of key stakeholders, and incorporate 

these into its corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships. The following 

sets out the list of key stakeholders and the engagement platforms with such stakeholders: 

 

Stakeholder 

Group 

Mode of Engagement 

Stakeholder Expectation 

Clients 

 

Customer enquiry channels 

 

Proposals 

 

Meetings 

 

Marketing and media 

 

Satisfaction surveys 

 

Stock availability, on-time delivery 

and services, quality products and 

services, convenience and 

experience, technical and after-

sales support 

Suppliers 

 

Quotations 

 

Periodic discussions 

 

Supplier evaluation  

Compliance with terms and 

conditions of purchasing policies 

and procedures, maintain ethical 

standards, fair and transparent 

business conduct, continued 

engagement 

 

Employees 

 

Internal briefings and 

memorandums 

 

Staff appraisal  

 

Induction and orientation 

programmes 

 

Training and development 

programmes 

 

Company events and 

activities 

 

Working environment, salaries and 

incentives, staff rights and welfare, 

personal development, career 

growth, occupational health and 

safety 

Shareholders 

and 

Investors 

 

SGXNet announcements 

 

Press releases 

 

Annual reports 

 

Circulars to shareholders  

 

Shareholders’ general 

meetings 

 

Corporate website 

Profitability, transparency, timely 

financial and business updates, 

ethical business conduct 

 

Business 

Partners 

 

Frequent discussions and 

meetings 

Partnership for opportunities and 

growth 

Governments 

and 

Regulators 

 

Electronic communications 

 

SGXNet announcements 

 

Discussions with government 

agencies and regulators 

Compliance with applicable laws 

and regulations, timely reporting and 

resolutions of issues, support for 

relevant government or regulators’ 

initiatives   

 


6 

 

 

 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

As the Company continues its sustainability journey, the Management, together with the Board 

conducted a formal materiality assessment exercise in FY2020. A list of ESG matters relevant 

to the Group’s activities were identified, evaluated and ranked according to their importance 

from both internal and external stakeholders’ perspectives. Five ESG matters were identified 

as material and in line with the Management’s assessment on their relevance and potential 

impact to the Group’s business and its relationship with various stakeholders. These are 

similar to the factors reported on last year. 

 

i) 

Corporate Governance  

ii) 

Economic Performance  

iii) 

Employment  

iv) 

Training and Education  

v) 

Environment  

 

The material factors will be reviewed on an annual basis. A materiality assessment exercise 

will be conducted in accordance to the process described above. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


7 

 

MATERIAL ESG FACTORS 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 

The Group recognises the importance of good corporate governance, accountability and 

transparency and believes that conducting business in a responsible and ethical manner is 

vital to the sustainability of the Group’s business and safeguarding stakeholders’ interests. 

The Group’s corporate governance practices are found in the Annual Report for FY2020. This 

report outlines the role of the Board in relation to key governance practices.  

 

The Board takes an active role in establishing the highest possible standards of ethical, moral, 

and legal conduct. Members of staff are regularly reminded of the need to act with utmost 

honesty and integrity. Consistent with this commitment, the Group has in place a 

whistleblowing policy with the objective of providing an avenue for the staff of the Group to, in 

confidence, raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or 

other business matters which they become aware. Details of the whistleblowing policy and 

arrangements have been made available to the staff of the Group. It has a well-defined 

process which ensures independent investigation of issues/concerns raised and appropriate 

follow-up action and provides assurance to the whistle blowers that all actions in good faith 

will not affect them in their work and staff appraisal. No such whistleblowing letter was received 

in FY2020 (FY2019: nil). 

 

Target: 

The Group will continue to comply with the Code of Corporate Governance and target to meet 

all requirements that are expected by stakeholders. 

 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

The Group is committed to delivering long-term value to stakeholders in a sustainable manner. 

The Group places a strong emphasis on consistent and growth-oriented financial performance 

and adopts a disciplined and prudent financial management approach while upholding good 

corporate governance. 

 

The COVID-19 pandemic has affected the global economy and further exacerbated the 

challenging environment that the Group operates in. The Group had to suspend its Singapore 

operations and Kitchen Culture Showroom in compliance with the COVID-19 Circuit Breaker. 

The Residential Projects segment of the Group also ceased operations during the same period 

as many of the property developers and main contractors had to temporarily suspend 

operations.  

 

Nonetheless, the Group was able to grow its revenue by 37.8% mainly driven by the 

Residential Projects business and gross profit increased by 4.1%, amidst the challenging year 

for the Group. The less than proportionate increase in gross profit was mainly due to increased 

raw material costs incurred on projects. The Group recorded revenue and loss before tax of 

S$15.2 million and S$4.7 million respectively for FY2020. The Group was in a negative 

working capital position and a net liability position of S$8.0 million and S$6.1 million 

respectively as at 30 June 2020. 


8 

 

 

The Group will continue to strengthen these core business segments for future development 

and expansion, exercise prudence in its pursuit of opportunities and maintain investment 

discipline at all times. For further details of the Group’s financial performance, please refer to 

the following sections in our Annual Report for FY2020: Financial Highlights, page 13; 

Chairman and CEO Statement, pages 14 to 15; Operations and Financial Review, pages 16 

to 17; and Financial Statements, pages 67 to 126. 

 

Target: 

The Group is continuously seeking to enhance its economic performance. The Group is 

determined to strengthen its fundamentals and establish enduring partnerships to ensure 

sustainability. So far, in the first half of FY2021 up to the date of this report, this has been 

evidenced by an order book amounting to S$21.2 million and S$3.1 million for the Residential 

Projects and Retail and Distribution segments respectively. 

 

In FY2020, the Group brought in new brands to expand its range of Kitchen Appliances and 

Accessories, including Teka, Candy, Elica Collection and Liebherr. In addition, the Group has 

launched its own brand of “Kitchen Culture” German-made kitchens to target the broader 

market. Amidst the global economic and political uncertainties, the Group will continue to forge 

close relationships with brand partners and suppliers to ensure continuity in its supply chain. 

 

Additionally, the Board has conducted a strategic review of its business segments and 

announced that the Group is looking to explore new areas of opportunities and alternate 

businesses in the areas of healthcare and medical supplies solutions, artificial intelligence, 

machine learning and data science. 

 

 

EMPLOYMENT 

 

Customer Service is key to the Company’s business policy of offering quality products and 

services. The Group’s employees are a central component to the achievement of a high 

standard of customer service that in turn drives revenue and ultimately result in a great 

impact on the Group’s success. 

 

Enduring efforts are made to build a successful team of people with the right mix of 

professional skills, and to provide a conducive work environment that drives employees 

with motivation for a highly productive team to achieve success in the long run. 

 

As at 30 June 2020, the Group’s Singapore operations had 56 full-time and permanent 

employees (30 June 2019: 50), comprising a diverse workforce with wide-ranging 

backgrounds and qualities. As at 30 June 2020, there are two contract or part-time employee 

under the Group’s Singapore operations (30 June 2019: nil). 

 

 


9 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

36

20

0

5

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

Male

Female

Gender

8

30

18

0

5

10

15

20

25

30

35

Below 30

30 - 50

Above 50

Age


10 

 

 

 

 

Health and safety of employees has been a major concern in the Group’s business. The 

Singapore operations including its Kitchen Culture Showroom were suspended in compliance 

with the COVID-19 Circuit Breaker. The Residential Projects segment of the Group also 

ceased operations during the same period as many of the property developers and main 

contractors had to temporarily suspend operations. 

Post COVID-19 Circuit Breaker, the Singapore operations had implemented safety measures 

in line with government guidelines, including support staff working from home via 

telecommuting, those in office to wear mask, observe safe distancing, temperature taking, use 

hand sanitisers and meetings of less than five persons. 

Contact with customers and suppliers were curtailed, visitors by appointment only, screening 

of visitors, temperature taking and contact tracing. 

 

Target: 

The Group is committed to provide equal opportunities for existing and new employees to 

maintain a diverse and robust workforce. The Group targets to provide at least 3 activities in 

FY2021 for the Group’s Singapore operations employees to foster camaraderie and 

teamwork. In FY2020, there were only 2 social gatherings held for Singapore operations 

employees, lesser than the target of at least 3 activities, as the Group was focusing in 

implementing its strategic plans and navigating the COVID-19 crisis. 

 

 

 

 

 

32

2

8

14

0

5

10

15

20

25

30

35

Singaporean

Malaysian

Chinese

Others

Nationality


11 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

 

Regular in-house training is conducted to update all employees on the latest developments in 

industry best practices and product offerings.    

 

In FY2020, an average of 7.7 hours of training per employee (FY2019: 18.5 hours) were 

clocked by the Group’s Singapore operations employees. The lower hours of training per 

employee in FY2020 was due to the cancellation of scheduled training programmes in the 

latter half of the financial year as the Singapore operations were suspended in compliance 

with the COVID-19 Circuit Breaker, and unavailability of third party trainers arising from 

COVID-19 safety measures and travel restrictions. 

 

New employees are briefed on the Group’s core values and policies. A tailored orientation 

programme helps new employees to a smooth and efficient induction to their work. On-the-job 

training is a continuous process through close supervision of employees by their immediate 

managers and management team.  

 

The Group has a program for employee skills development to achieve a high standard of 

customer service. One component of the programme is product training conducted by 

visiting Brand Principals. This program enhances employees’ product knowledge, technical 

expertise and problem-solving skills.  

 

The management team regularly engages with employees of the Group. Through team 

meetings, employee concerns are shared and management endeavours to address them on 

a timely basis. This practice creates a better working environment, and with employee 

feedback, helps to lay the groundwork for a highly productive team that can communicate, 

cooperate and innovate in an atmosphere of mutual trust and respect. 

 

Target: 

The Group targets to continue providing similar number hours of training (20 training hours 

per employee) to the Singapore operations employees and ensuring all new employees go 

through orientation programme.  

 

The Group is committed to training and reskilling of staff to meet new challenges during and 

after the COVID-19 crisis, leveraging on training grants, and to equip members of staff to 

operate safely in the “new normal”. 

 

 

 

 


12 

 

ENVIRONMENT  

 

The Company is conscious of the need to protect the environment and the Group strives to 

find resource and energy-efficient solutions that help the Group, its business partners and its 

customers to reduce our climate and environmental impact. 

 

The business of the Group is supply and installation of imported kitchen systems and 

appliances. The Group does not have any manufacturing operations, direct environmental 

impact is therefore limited. However, the Group actively seeks to introduce new products that 

are environmentally friendly – products that are manufactured from sustainably sourced 

materials, and products with innovative features requiring less energy/fuel consumption and 

reduced emissions.  

 

Target: 

The Group is committed to continue introducing new products that are environmentally 

friendly.  

 


13 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI Standard/Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if applicable 

102-1 Name of the organisation  

1 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

1 

Annual Report for FY2020: 2 – 7  

102-3 Location of headquarters  

1 

102-4 Location of operations 

1 

Annual Report for FY2020: 8 – 11  

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

1 

102-6 Markets served 

1 

Annual Report for FY2020: 8 – 11  

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

7 – 10 

Annual Report for FY2020: 7 – 13  

102-8 Information on employees and other workers  

8 – 10 

102-9 Supply chain  

3 &amp; 12 

Annual Report for FY2020: 2 – 7 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain 

Not applicable as there was no 

significant change during FY2020 

except as disclosed in the Annual 

Report for FY2020. 

Annual Report for FY2020: 2 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

3 

102-12 External initiatives 

 

Not applicable as there is no 

externally-developed economic, 

environmental and social charters, 

principles, or other initiatives to 

which the Group subscribes, or 

which it endorses within the scope 

of this report. 

102-13 Membership of associations 

Not applicable as there is no major 

memberships of industry or other 

associations, and national or 

international advocacy 

organisations maintained by the 

Group within the scope of this 

report. 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

3 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Annual Report for FY2020: 1 

 

102-18 Governance structure 

4 

Annual Report for FY2020: 21 – 57 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

5 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable as all employees 

within the scope of this report are 

not covered by any collective 

bargaining agreements. 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

5  

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

5 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

5 – 6 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Annual Report for FY2020: 99 – 

102 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

3 

102-47 List of material topics 

6 


14 

 

GRI Standard/Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if applicable 

102-48 Restatements of information 

Not applicable as there are no 

changes. 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

Not applicable as there are no 

changes. 

102-50 Reporting period 

3 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

30 November 2019 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

3 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

3 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

4 

102-55 GRI content index 

13 – 14  

102-56 External assurance 

3 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

7 – 12 

Material topic 1: Corporate governance 

7 

Annual Report for FY2020: 21 – 57 

Material topic 2: Economic performance 

7 – 8 

Material topic 3: Employment 

8 – 10 

Material topic 4: Training and education 

11 

Material topic 5: Environment 

 

12  

 

 

