
1 

 

 

 

 

 

 

KITCHEN CULTURE 

HOLDINGS LTD. 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2021 

 

 

 




2 

 

 

CONTENTS 

 

 

 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE  

3 

ABOUT THIS REPORT  

3 

BOARD STATEMENT  

3 

FRAMEWORK, POLICY, PRACTICES AND PERFORMANCE  

4 

MATERIAL ESG FACTORS  

7 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

13 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This Sustainability Report has been reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited 

(the “Sponsor”). This Sustainability Report has not been examined or approved by the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “Exchange”) and the Exchange assumes no responsibility 

for the contents of this Sustainability Report, including the correctness of any of the statements or 

opinions made or reports contained in this Sustainability Report.  

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms. Lee Khai Yinn (Tel: (65) 6232 3210) at 1 Robinson Road, 

#21-00 AIA Tower, Singapore 048542. 

 

 

 

 

 


3 

 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

Listed on the SGX-Catalist in 2011, Kitchen Culture Holdings Ltd. (the “Company”) together 

with its subsidiaries (the “Group”) ranks among Singapore’s leading distributors of high-end 

kitchen systems, kitchen appliances, wardrobe systems, bathroom furniture, household 

furniture and kitchen accessories from Europe. Backed by more than 29 years of experience 

and track record in the business, the Group has established itself as a premier kitchen 

solutions provider for discerning and well-heeled consumers in Singapore, where it is 

headquartered, as well as China, Hong Kong and Malaysia. 

 

The Company has conducted a strategic business review in March 2020 to explore new areas 

of opportunities and alternate businesses, including but not limited to, the areas of healthcare 

and medical supplies solutions, artificial intelligence, machine learning and data science. The 

Company has on 27 July 2020 and 7 October 2020 obtained shareholders’ approvals for 

diversification into (i) trading of medical and related supplies business; and (ii) artificial 

intelligence, machine learning and data science business, respectively. Subsequently on 12 

October 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of 30% equity stake in the Big Data &amp; 

Artificial Intelligence integrated solutions provider, OOWAY Technology Pte. Ltd. (“OTPL”). 

On 2 December 2020, OTPL issued new ordinary shares in its capital to Pegasus Investments 

Pte. Ltd. in relation to the series A financing of US$5 million and consequently, the Company’s 

shareholding interest in OTPL decreased to 27.6%. 

 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

This is the Company’s fourth sustainability report and it covers the period from 1 July 2020 to 

30 June 2021 (“FY2021”). It is intended at addressing material Environmental, Social and 

Governance (“ESG”) matters which are significant to the Group’s project and retail business 

in Singapore. In line with the Group’s continued commitment to environmental sustainability, 

we hope to share more in our subsequent reports which will be published on a yearly basis. 

 

The Group has not obtained any independent assurance of the information being reported in 

report but will continue to work on enhancing its reporting processes and consider obtaining 

independent assurance in the future. 

 

We welcome stakeholders to provide us with feedback and suggestions on this report. You 

may contact us at finance@khlmktg.com. 

 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

Recognising the importance of sustainability, the Board of Directors (“Board”) leads the 

sustainability efforts of the Group. The Board has considered sustainability issues as part of 

its strategic formulation, determined the material ESG factors and overseen the management 

and monitoring of these factors. 

 

The Company believes in reducing its footprint and impact on the environment and abides by 

the precautionary principle to minimise negative effects of doing business whenever feasible. 

 


4 

 

FRAMEWORK, POLICY, PRACTICES AND PERFORMANCE  

 

FRAMEWORK AND REPORTING PROCESS 

 

This report is guided by the Global Reporting Initiatives (“GRI”) standards: Core option. The 

Company has chosen to adopt the GRI standards as it is the most internationally recognised 

global framework for voluntary corporate reporting of environmental and social performance. 

 

The Company has in place a central function for sustainability to structure the Group’s 

sustainability initiatives led by the Group Financial Controller. These initiatives are based on 

the Group’s ESG impact and key focus areas defined at Group level, including environmental, 

social and business ethical issues, are integrated into all business units. Activities are initiated 

with the objective of developing a sustainable business. 

 

Sustainability matters at the Group are governed and managed across various levels in the 

organisation. The Board has overall responsibility and oversight on sustainability matters. The 

former Executive Chairman and CEO, assisted by the Group Financial Controller, is 

accountable for the oversight of the implementation and communication of sustainability 

strategies, policies and practices to the relevant department heads who will implement and 

monitor sustainability practises on the ground during FY2021. 

 

 

 

 


5 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENTS 

 

The Company recognises all stakeholders are important to the Group’s long-term success, 

and efforts are made to know and understand the demands and concerns of its stakeholders. 

Stakeholders are identified and prioritised based on their dependence and influence on the 

business. The Group proactively engages with its key stakeholders, so that their feedback can 

be incorporated to improve the Group’s business. The Group adopts both formal and informal 

channels of communication to understand the needs of key stakeholders, and incorporate 

these into its corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships. The following 

sets out the list of key stakeholders and the engagement platforms with such stakeholders: 

 

Stakeholder 

Group 

Mode of Engagement 

Stakeholder Expectation 

Clients 

• 

Customer enquiry channels 

• 

Proposals 

• 

Meetings 

• 

Marketing and media 

• 

Satisfaction surveys 

 

Stock availability, on-time delivery 

and services, quality products and 

services, convenience and 

experience, technical and after-

sales support 

Suppliers 

• 

Quotations 

• 

Periodic discussions 

• 

Supplier evaluation  

Compliance with terms and 

conditions of purchasing policies 

and procedures, maintain ethical 

standards, fair and transparent 

business conduct, continued 

engagement 

 

Employees 

• 

Internal briefings and 

memorandums 

• 

Staff appraisal  

• 

Induction and orientation 

programmes 

• 

Training and development 

programmes 

• 

Company events and 

activities 

 

Working environment, salaries and 

incentives, staff rights and welfare, 

personal development, career 

growth, occupational health and 

safety 

Shareholders 

and 

Investors 

• 

SGXNet announcements 

• 

Press releases 

• 

Annual reports 

• 

Circulars to shareholders  

• 

Shareholders’ general 

meetings 

• 

Corporate website 

Profitability, transparency, timely 

financial and business updates, 

ethical business conduct 

 

Business 

Partners 

• 

Frequent discussions and 

meetings 

Partnership for opportunities and 

growth 

Governments 

and 

Regulators 

• 

Electronic communications 

• 

SGXNet announcements 

• 

Discussions with government 

agencies and regulators 

Compliance with applicable laws 

and regulations, timely reporting and 

resolutions of issues, support for 

relevant government or regulators’ 

initiatives   

 

 

 

 


6 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

As the Company continues its sustainability journey, the Management, together with the Board 

conducted a formal materiality assessment exercise in FY2021. A list of ESG matters relevant 

to the Group’s activities were identified, evaluated and ranked according to their importance 

from both internal and external stakeholders’ perspectives. Five ESG matters were identified 

as material and in line with the Management’s assessment on their relevance and potential 

impact to the Group’s business and its relationship with various stakeholders. These are 

similar to the factors reported on last year. 

 

i) 

Corporate Governance  

ii) 

Economic Performance  

iii) 

Employment  

iv) 

Training and Education  

v) 

Environment  

 

The material factors will be reviewed on an annual basis. A materiality assessment exercise 

will be conducted in accordance to the process described above. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


7 

 

MATERIAL ESG FACTORS 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 

The Group recognises the importance of good corporate governance, accountability and 

transparency and believes that conducting business in a responsible and ethical manner is 

vital to the sustainability of the Group’s business and safeguarding stakeholders’ interests. 

The Group’s corporate governance practices will be found in the Annual Report for FY2021 to 

be released separately. This report outlines the role of the Board in relation to key governance 

practices.  

 

The Board takes an active role in establishing the highest possible standards of ethical, moral, 

and legal conduct. Members of staff are regularly reminded of the need to act with utmost 

honesty and integrity. Consistent with this commitment, the Group has in place a 

whistleblowing policy with the objective of providing an avenue for the staff of the Group to, in 

confidence, raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or 

other business matters which they become aware. Details of the whistleblowing policy and 

arrangements have been made available to the staff of the Group and such policy is also 

available on the Company’s website at https://www.kcholdings.com.sg/corporate-governance. 

It has a well-defined process which ensures independent investigation of issues/concerns 

raised and appropriate follow-up action and provides assurance to the whistle blowers that all 

actions in good faith will not affect them in their work and staff appraisal. One whistleblowing 

letter was received in FY2021 (FY2020: nil). Such whistleblowing letter will be subject to the 

review of the special auditor appointed by the Company in September 2021. 

 

The Company continues to enhance its corporate governance practices appropriate to the 

conduct and growth of its business and to review such practices from time to time to ensure 

compliance with the requirements of the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (the 

“Catalist Rules”) of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”). In 

February 2021, the Company engaged an independent internal auditor to conduct a review of 

its internal controls. An interim report was submitted to the Board in April 2021. The interim 

report highlighted lapses in approving and processing of payments. The Board has extended 

the scope of work of the internal auditor, and will update upon the completion of the additional 

work procedures. Furthermore, the special auditor will also review the matters raised in the 

interim report. 

 

Target: 

The Group will continue to comply with the Code of Corporate Governance and target to meet 

all requirements that are expected by stakeholders. 

 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

The Group is committed to delivering long-term value to stakeholders in a sustainable manner. 

The Group places a strong emphasis on consistent and growth-oriented financial performance 

and adopts a disciplined and prudent financial management approach while upholding good 

corporate governance. 

 


8 

 

The COVID-19 pandemic has affected the global economy and further exacerbated the 

challenging environment that the Group operates in. The Group had to suspend its Singapore 

operations and Kitchen Culture Showroom in compliance with the COVID-19 Circuit Breaker 

and the subsequent phased approach to resume activities safely. The Residential Projects 

segment of the Group also ceased operations during the same period as many of the property 

developers and main contractors had to temporarily suspend operations. The prolonged 

duration of the COVID-19 situation and travel restrictions curtailed plans by the former 

Executive Chairman and CEO to visit overseas suppliers, seek ventures for new business and 

expansion plans for China operations. 

 

Based on the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Group for FY2021, the Group 

revenue decreased by 23.5% in FY2021, mainly attributed to the Residential Projects segment 

which ceased operations during the COVID-19 Circuit Breaker and the subsequent phased 

approach to resume activities safely which also resulted in a decrease in gross profit. The 

Group recorded revenue and loss before tax of S$11.6 million and S$9.8 million respectively 

for FY2021. 

 

The Group recorded total equity of S$30.4 million as at 30 June 2021, compared with a capital 

deficit of S$6.1 million as at 30 June 2020 due mainly to the increase in share capital by 

S$46.2 million arising from placement exercises and debt to equity conversions, partially offset 

by the loss after income tax of S$9.9 million recorded in FY2021. 

 

For further details of the Group’s financial performance, please refer to the Condensed Interim 

Financial Statements and Dividend Announcement for the Six Months and Full Financial Year 

Ended 30 June 2021 released on 6 November 2021. More details can be found in the Annual 

Report for FY2021 to be released in due course. 

 

Target: 

The Group is continuously seeking to enhance its economic performance. The Group is 

determined to strengthen its fundamentals and establish enduring partnerships to ensure 

sustainability. So far, in the first half of FY2022 up to the date of this report, this has been 

evidenced by a project portfolio amounting to S$12.9 million and S$2.7 million for the 

Residential Projects and Retail and Distribution segments respectively. Amidst the global 

economic and political uncertainties, the Group will continue to forge close relationships with 

brand partners and suppliers to ensure continuity in its supply chain. 

 

Whilst the Group focuses on growing its core business of kitchens by increasing market share 

in Singapore and the region, the Group has diversified into Artificial Intelligence and Big Data 

business through OOWAY Acquisition that will enhance shareholders value. The management 

is working on potential business plans in Artificial Intelligence and Big Data areas. The 

Company will make necessary announcements when appropriate.  

 

 

EMPLOYMENT 

 

Customer service is key to the Company’s business policy of offering quality products and 

services. The Group’s employees are a central component to the achievement of a high 

standard of customer service that in turn drives revenue and ultimately result in a great 

impact on the Group’s success. 

 


9 

 

Enduring efforts are made to build a successful team of people with the right mix of 

professional skills, and to provide a conducive work environment that drives employees 

with motivation for a highly productive team to achieve success in the long run. 

 

As at 30 June 2021, the Group’s Singapore operations had 54 full-time and permanent 

employees (30 June 2020: 56), comprising a diverse workforce with wide-ranging 

backgrounds and qualities. As at 30 June 2021, there are two contract or part-time employees 

under the Group’s Singapore operations (30 June 2020: 2). 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

36

18

0

5

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

Male

Female

Gender

8

28

18

0

5

10

15

20

25

30

Below 30

30 - 50

Above 50

Age


10 

 

 

 

Health and safety of employees has been a major concern in the Group’s business. The 

Singapore operations including its Kitchen Culture Showroom were suspended in compliance 

with the COVID-19 Circuit Breaker and the subsequent phased approach to resume activities 

safely. The Residential Projects segment of the Group also ceased operations during the 

same period as many of the property developers and main contractors had to temporarily 

suspend operations. 

Post COVID-19 Circuit Breaker, at all times during phase 1 and phase 2 re-opening, the 

Singapore operations had implemented safety measures in line with government guidelines, 

including support staff working from home via telecommuting, those in office to wear mask, 

observe safe distancing, temperature taking, use hand sanitisers and meetings of less than 

five persons. Further easing of restrictions followed, and more people were allowed to return 

to workplace from 28 September 2020 as Singapore's Covid-19 community cases remained 

low. Company from then on could hold meetings with more than five persons.   

Contact with customers and suppliers were curtailed, visitors by appointment only, screening 

of visitors, temperature taking and contact tracing. 

The Group provided 3 activities in FY2021 for the Group’s Singapore operations employees 

to foster camaraderie and teamwork. 

 

Target: 

The Group is committed to provide equal opportunities for existing and new employees to 

maintain a diverse and robust workforce. The Group targets to provide at least 3 activities in 

FY2022 for the Group’s Singapore operations employees to foster camaraderie and 

teamwork. 

 

 

 

 

 

31

2

8

13

0

5

10

15

20

25

30

35

Singaporean

Malaysian

Chinese

Others

Nationality


11 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

 

Regular in-house trainings are conducted to update all employees on the latest developments 

in industry best practices and product offerings.    

 

In FY2021, an average of 1.8 hours of training per employee (FY2020: 7.7 hours) were clocked 

by the Group’s Singapore operations employees. The lower hours of training per employee in 

FY2021 was largely attributed to COVID-19 which disrupted the traditional class room training 

sessions, the cancellation of scheduled training programmes in the first half of the financial 

year as the Singapore operations were suspended in compliance with the COVID-19 

restrictions, and unavailability of third party trainers arising from COVID-19 safety measures 

and travel restrictions. 

 

New employees are briefed on the Group’s core values and policies. A tailored orientation 

programme helps new employees to a smooth and efficient induction to their work. On-the-job 

training is a continuous process through close supervision of employees by their immediate 

managers and management team.  

 

The Group has a program for employee skills development to achieve a high standard of 

customer service. One component of the programme is product training conducted by 

visiting Brand Principals. This program enhances employees’ product knowledge, technical 

expertise and problem-solving skills.  

 

The management team regularly engages with employees of the Group. Through team 

meetings, employee concerns are shared and management endeavours to address them on 

a timely basis. This practice creates a better working environment, and with employee 

feedback, helps to lay the groundwork for a highly productive team that can communicate, 

cooperate and innovate in an atmosphere of mutual trust and respect. 

 

Target: 

The Group targets to continue providing around 10 hours of training per employee to the 

Singapore operations employees and ensuring all new employees go through orientation 

programme.  

 

The Group is committed to training and reskilling of staff to meet new challenges during and 

after the COVID-19 crisis, leveraging on training grants, and to equip members of staff to 

operate safely in the “new normal”. 

 

 

 

 


12 

 

ENVIRONMENT  

 

The Company is conscious of the need to protect the environment and the Group strives to 

find resource and energy-efficient solutions that help the Group, its business partners and its 

customers to reduce our climate and environmental impact. 

 

The business of the Group is supply and installation of imported kitchen systems and 

appliances. The Group does not have any manufacturing operations, direct environmental 

impact is therefore limited. However, the Group actively seeks to introduce new products that 

are environmentally friendly – products that are manufactured from sustainably sourced 

materials, and products with innovative features requiring less energy/fuel consumption and 

reduced emissions.  

 

Kitchen Culture has been the pioneers involved with the distribution of European imported 

kitchen systems, using environmentally friendly, sustainable materials. The Group works with 

Europe’s leading brands which sources their materials from the leading raw material 

manufacturers emphasising the sustainable use of raw materials in its core values. 

 

Formaldehyde is released naturally by wood and is also contained in the usual binding agents 

of wood-based materials, e.g. in glues and resins based on urea, melamine, or phenol. World 

Health Organisation (WHO) considers it to be a health hazard if the ambient air concentration 

of formaldehyde remains above 0.08 ppm. These are commonly used in the local carpentry 

industry with high level of hazardous formaldehyde levels. The Group exercised caution in the 

selection of these binding agents and applied sparingly where the use of them cannot be 

avoided. 

 

The Group has been importing cabinetry from Europe that meets the E1 emission class (&lt; 

0.007% formaldehyde) which meets the healthy living spaces standard in Europe. 

 

For the projects that the Group has undertaken, all the imported cabinets from Europe meets 

the Green Label utilising sustainable, environmentally friendly materials. Locally fabricated 

carpentry use materials that meet the Green Label certification in Singapore. 

 

Target: 

The Group is committed to continue introducing new products that are environmentally 

friendly, focusing on sustainable use of raw materials and promoting the health benefits of 

clean, healthy living spaces. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


13 

 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI Standard/Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if applicable 

102-1 Name of the organisation  

1 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

1 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

1 

102-4 Location of operations 

1 

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

1 

102-6 Markets served 

1 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

7 – 10 

102-8 Information on employees and other workers  

8 – 10 

102-9 Supply chain  

3 &amp; 12 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain 

Not applicable as there was no 

significant change during FY2021.  

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

3 

102-12 External initiatives 

 

Not applicable as there is no 

externally-developed economic, 

environmental and social charters, 

principles, or other initiatives to 

which the Group subscribes, or 

which it endorses within the scope 

of this report. 

102-13 Membership of associations 

Not applicable as there is no major 

memberships of industry or other 

associations, and national or 

international advocacy 

organisations maintained by the 

Group within the scope of this 

report. 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

3 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

To be disclosed in Annual Report 

for FY2021. 

102-18 Governance structure 

4 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

5 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable as all employees 

within the scope of this report are 

not covered by any collective 

bargaining agreements. 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

5  

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

5 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

5 – 6 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

To be disclosed in Annual Report 

for FY2021. 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

3 

102-47 List of material topics 

6 

102-48 Restatements of information 

Not applicable as there are no 

changes. 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

Not applicable as there are no 

changes. 

102-50 Reporting period 

3 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

30 November 2020 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

3 


14 

 

GRI Standard/Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if applicable 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

3 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

4 

102-55 GRI content index 

13 – 14  

102-56 External assurance 

3 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

7 – 12 

Material topic 1: Corporate governance 

7 

Material topic 2: Economic performance 

7 – 8 

Material topic 3: Employment 

8 – 10 

Material topic 4: Training and education 

11 

Material topic 5: Environment 

 

12  

 

 

