
1 

 

Kori Holdings Limited  

Sustainability Report 

FY2017 

Contents 

CEO’s Message ......................................................................................................... 2 

Kori’s Sustainability Story ........................................................................................... 3 

Organisation Profile .................................................................................................... 4 

Ethics and Integrity ..................................................................................................... 5 

Sustainability Governance and Statement of the Board ............................................. 6 

Stakeholder Engagement ........................................................................................... 6 

Reporting Practice ...................................................................................................... 7 

Health and Safety ....................................................................................................... 8 

Environment Protection .............................................................................................. 9 

Our People ............................................................................................................... 10 

Contribution to Our Industry and Caring of Our Community ..................................... 11 

SGX Five Primary Components Index...................................................................... 12 

GRI Standards Content Index and GRI Indicators ................................................... 12 

 


2 

 

 

 

CEO’s Message 

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

We are very pleased to present Kori’s inaugural Sustainability Report.  

The Group has a broad view on sustainability that looks beyond simply our environmental 

impact but also encompasses creating a positive impact to the society and industry we are in.  

While our economic performance may be affected by many external factors, our commitment 

to make positive changes to the community is unaltered and will be the driving force for long 

term commercial success.  

The Report details our sustainability progress and targets in three key areas, namely Reuse 

of Materials, Health and Safety and our People, which we have assessed to be most 

material to our stakeholders. The Sustainability Report is prepared in accordance to the 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards “Core” option. Adopting GRI Standards makes 

our reporting more comprehensive, increases the relevance to stakeholders and affirms our 

commitment to corporate transparency. 

We would like to take this opportunity to thank our employees and business partners for their 

support, expertise and engagement in helping Kori to establish its role as a trusted partner in 

building a more sustainable economy. 

Sincerely, 

Mr. Hooi Yu Koh 

Chairman and CEO  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


3 

 

Kori’s Sustainability Story  

At Kori, we recognise that embracing sustainable practices is a business priority that is 

important for the long-term development and success of our business. The Group strongly 

advocates sustainable practices that can create positive impacts to the environment and 

society. 

Leading the Way 

The CEO and key management team are directly involved in sustainability strategising, 

planning and execution. To deliver our sustainability mission, a dedicated sustainability task 

force has been established to oversee sustainability initiatives at Kori. The task force 

comprises key management personnel from Project Management, Human Resource, Health 

and Safety and Finance.  The team meets regularly to plan and review the progress of Kori’s 

sustainability initiatives with the objective to implement appropriate sustainability policies and 

programmes when opportunities arise.  

Our Achievements 

We are rigorously assessed by Building and Construction Authority (BCA) and have 

obtained our license in structural steel from specializing in the design, supply and erection of 

Earth Retaining and Stabilising Structures (ERSS), such as steel struts and steel retaining 

walls, as well as steel decking systems. 

We have achieved 100% reuse of steel inventory for all our projects, leading to direct cost 

and resource savings. Furthermore, minimal waste is produced through steel reusing, hence 

reducing the carbon footprint of the entire lifecycle of our projects.  

We have successfully introduced Kori Large Panelling Traffic Decking System, a reusable 

steel platform for public traffic diversion with premix surface designed specifically for 

Singapore, in one of our projects in 2010. This sustainable design permits more efficient and 

stable decking works and is now widely adopted throughout infrastructure projects in 

Singapore. 

Noteworthy Awards 

The Group has won numerous accolades and awards in recognition of our excellence in 

construction practices such as Land Transport Authority (LTA) Sub-contractor’s Safety 

Recognition Awards as well as Safety Recognition Awards from our clients. 

Sustainability Targets  

The Group will continue to maintain and uphold our material saving initiatives and 

environmentally friendly construction practices. We will continue to monitor the 

environmental impacts of our operations and explore new ways to minimise the impacts.  

 

We will continue to emphasise on creating a safe working environment for our employees 

and endeavour for zero-incident rates.  

 

 


4 

 

Organisation Profile  

Company Name: Kori Holdings Limited 

Founded: 1982 

Listed: SGX Catalist Listed in 2012 

Company Headquarter: Singapore    

Location of Operations: Singapore and Malaysia 

 

FY2017 Financial Review  

Revenue: S$35,536,733  

Dividend payout: 0.1 cents 

Gross Profit: S$6,038,813 

Earnings per share: 0.01 cents  

Total Comprehensive Income: 

S$711,901 

Total comprehensive income attributable to 

shareholders: S$ 711,901 

 

 

Our Operating Segments 

Structural Steel Services 

We are a licensed structural steel contractor specialising in the design, supply and erection 

of ERSS. In general, we design, purchase and fabricate reusable steel struts and steel 

beams for temporary or permanent strutting works in earth retaining or stabilising structures 

for excavation works. 

 

Tunneling Services 

We supply skilled personnel with the required technical expertise to provide macro-tunnelling 

works. Macro-tunnelling is used in the construction of underground railways, road tunnels, 

sewer tunnels water mains and various utilities tunnels where they will cause minimum 

disturbance to the environment and traffic flows. Our tunnel engineers and well experienced 

and trained staff coordinate with tunnelling managers from main contractors to undertake the 

full range of macro-tunnelling construction works. Our Group is one of the few players in the 

market that are able to carry out such macro-tunnelling operations in Singapore and 

Malaysia as a sub-contractor. 

 

 









Structural 

Steel 

31,208,531 

88% 





Tunnelling 

4,328,202 

12% 

Revenue by Segment (FY2017) 

Structural Steel

Tunnelling


5 

 

Ethics and Integrity  

Ethics and Compliance (GRI 205-1, 205-2, 205-3) 

The Group is strongly committed to a high legal and moral standard in all of our business 

activities. We have adopted a Personnel Policy to place emphasis on high standards of 

professionalism and ethics. All employees are required to read, understand and agree to 

comply with the purposes and provisions of the Personnel Policy. Employees are held liable 

for their failure to comply which may result in disciplinary actions. The severity of these 

disciplinary actions depends on circumstances and the gravity of the misconduct. 

 

Whistle-blowing Policy (GRI 205-2) 

The Audit Committee of Kori had developed and approved whistleblowing procedures 

outlining their responsibilities and the procedures to receive certain complaints and 

allegations. Employees of the Group and any other persons may, in confidence, raise 

concerns about possible improper financial reporting or other matters to Chairman of Audit 

Committee, CEO or Administration Manager. The objective for such arrangement is to 

ensure independent investigations of such matters and for appropriate follow-up actions. The 

Company did not receive any whistle-blowing reports in FY2017.  

 

Anti-corruption  

The Group takes a strong stance against corruption and malpractice and does not tolerate 

any impropriety, statutory non-compliance or wrongdoing by employees in their work. The 

Code of Conduct strictly prohibits any acts by employees to use their position to obtain 

advantages for themselves. 

 

Interested-Party/Person Transactions  

The Company is required to comply with the requisite rules under Chapter 9 of the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited Listing Manual Section B: Rules of the 

Catalist (“Catalist Rules”) for interested person transactions. All interested person 

transactions will be properly documented and submitted to the Audit Committee for half 

yearly review to ensure that they are carried out on an arm’s length basis, on normal 

commercial terms and will not be prejudicial to the interests of the shareholders.  

 

Dealing in Securities 

In line with Rule 1204 (19) of the SGX Catalist Rules on Dealings in Securities, the Group 

issues a half yearly letter to its Directors, officers and employees prohibiting dealings in 

listed securities of the Group from one month before the announcement of the semi-annual 

and annual financial results, and ending on the date of the announcement of the relevant 

results. The Directors and employees are expected to observe insider trading laws at all 

times even when dealing with the Group’s securities within the permitted trading period. 

 

 


6 

 

Sustainability Governance and Statement of the Board 

The Board of Directors recognises their importance in driving the sustainability agenda and  

has considered sustainability issues as part of overall strategic formulation. The Board 

approved the material environmental, social and governance topics identified and overseen 

that the factors identified are managed and monitored. The Sustainability Task Force, which 

is led by the CEO and consists of key management members, implements and formalises 

sustainability policies and procedures with regards to sustainability development. The team 

give regular updates to the Board for them to effectively monitor sustainability 

developments. The Group also adopts a precautionary approach in strategic decision and 

day-to-day operations by implementing a comprehensive risk management framework. 

Stakeholder Engagement  

We aim to create value not only for our shareholders, but also for our stakeholders who are 

impacted by our interactions with them. We have identified stakeholders who have a material 

impact on our business or may be materially impacted by our business as our key 

stakeholders. Various channels of engagement are adopted to understand and address 

issues of concern. The key stakeholders are listed below:   

Stakeholders 

Area of Concern 

Means of Engagement 

Section Reference 

Employees  

 

Remuneration and 

benefits 

 

Training and 

development 

 

Ethics and conduct 

 

Diversity and fair 

employment  

 

Health and Safety 

 

Performance appraisal 

 

Training and 

education 

 

Ethics and Integrity 

 

Health and Safety 

 

Our People 

Suppliers and 

Subcontractors 

 

Health and Safety 

 

Environmental 

compliance 

 

Social compliance 

 

Site inspections and 

site meetings 

 

Supplier and 

subcontractor 

evaluation 

 

Environment Protection 

 

Health and Safety 

Governments 

and  

Regulators 

 

Anti-corruption 

 

Employment 

practices 

 

Health and Safety 

 

Licensing 

 

Site inspection 

 

Environment Protection 

 

Health and Safety 

 

Our People 

Community  

 

Environmental and 

social compliance 

 

Regulatory and 

industrial 

requirements  

 

SGX announcements  

 

Annual reports  

 

Sustainability reports 

 

Our People 

 

Environmental Topics 

 

Contribution to our 

Industry and Caring of 

Our Community 

Shareholders 

and Investors 

 

Economic 

performance 

 

Anti-corruption 

 

SGX announcements  

 

Annual reports 

 

Investor relations 

management 

 

Sustainability reports 

 

Ethics and Integrity 

 

Contribution to our 

Industry and Caring of 

Our Community 


7 

 

Reporting Practice 

This inaugural Sustainability Report (the “Report”) covers the Group’s performance from 1 

January 2017 to 31 December 2017 (the “reporting period”). 

 

The Report summarises Kori’s key sustainability issues, our management approach as well 

as our related performance across the Group’s operations. The Group has chosen the 

Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards as it is the most established international 

sustainability reporting standard. This Report is prepared in accordance with the GRI 

standards “Core” option. The Report incorporates the primary components of report content 

set out by the SGX’s “Comply or Explain” requirements on sustainability reporting under 

Catalist Rule 711B.  

 

Kori’s material topics are identified based on the impacts to our internal and external 

stakeholders, as outlined in the Stakeholders Engagement section. This report supplements 

the Group’s FY2017 Annual Report which is available online at https://www.kori.com.sg/. A 

detailed section reference with GRI Standards is found on the GRI Index Page. The 

Sustainability Task Force has assessed that external assurance is not required as the Group 

wishes to focus on strengthening the sustainability reporting framework for this year. 

 

The Group has applied the GRI Principles for Defining Report Content to identify material 

topics that are relevant to the business and to its stakeholders. We have conducted a 

materiality assessment session following the guidelines of GRI Standards. The following 

table summarises the topics which were deemed to be of greatest significance to the Group. 

Material Topics 

Boundaries (where the impacts occur) 

ECONOMIC 

Economic Performance 

The Group  

Indirect Economic Impacts 

The Group 

Anti-corruption 

The Group 

ENVIRONMENTAL  

Materials 

The Group 

Environmental Compliance 

The Group 

Supplier Environment Assessment 

The Group 

SOCIAL  

Employment 

The Group 

Occupational Health and Safety 

The Group 

Training and Education 

The Group 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

The Group 

Non-discrimination  

The Group 

Local Community 

The Group 

Supplier Social Assessment 

The Group  

Socioeconomic compliance 

The Group 

 


8 

 

 

Health and Safety 

Health and Safety at our Sites (GRI 403-1, 403-2, 403-3, 404-2) 

Kori is committed to providing a safe working environment to our employees, suppliers and 

contractors. We have in place environment, health and safety policies, standards and 

practices and have a Safety Committee that actively reviews, monitors, improves and 

implements all work and environment safety related issues. Kori has been awarded 

internationally recognised certificates for meeting Health and Safety Management 

requirements such as BS OHSAS 18001:2007 and has obtained bizSAFE Level Star 

certificate from Workplace Safety and Health Council of Singapore.  

 

Kori performs risk assessments on strutting and decking works regularly. Potential hazards 

are identified and evaluated, following which control measures are then implemented to 

minimise the risks identified.  

 

We provide opportunities and support to equip our staff with the knowledge and certifications 

on workplace health and safety. Our management and supervisory staff are encouraged to 

attend certification courses such as the Building Construction Supervisor Safety (BCSS) 

Course for all of our supervisory staff and the Lifting Supervisor Safety Course for our lifting 

supervisors. The list of relevant courses are identified and listed in the Resource, 

Competence, Training and Awareness section of our Procedure Manual as a clear written 

guidance for all relevant departments.  

 

In addition, we educate and train our employees through an incorporation of health and 

safety work practices into work instructions and work closely with external qualified safety 

consultants for advice and guidance on programs and initiatives to prevent work related 

accident and injury. 

 

There were no major breach of regulations regarding health and safety, environmental and 

labour laws in FY2017. There were also no major work-related injury and incidents in 

FY2017.  

 

Managing Our Sub-Contractors (GRI 308-1, 308-2, 414-1, 414-2) 

The Group has gone the extra mile to ensure that all contractors and subcontractors are 

informed of their worksite health and safety, environmental and social responsibilities, and 

are able to meet the standards expected by the Group.  

All contractors and subcontractors are reviewed and selected based on safety, 

environmental and social compliance. We assess new contractors and subcontractors based 

on their track record and worksite health and safety practices during the quotation and 

tendering process before awarding the contract.  

 

The Group aims to enhance our evaluation criteria of new and existing contractors and 

subcontractors to also evaluate contractors on their labour practices, safety and 

environmental policies.  


9 

 

Environment Protection 

Reusing and Recycling Materials (GRI 301-2, 307-1) 

Kori is a committed environmentally responsible partner in the communities we operate in to 

ensure a safe, efficient and environmentally conscious operating environment. Kori’s risk 

and sustainability-based strategies are geared to assess, avoid, reduce and mitigate 

environmental risks and impact.  

 

Steel is the main material that is heavily used in our structural steelworks. The steel struts 

we use are designed to meet the requirements and specifications different projects and 

hence are varied in size and length. To minimize negative impact created on the 

environment and save natural resources, the Group has adopted practices to reuse 100% of 

our steel materials in new projects after dismantling. The steel beams we use are also 

mostly pre-fabricated off-site to reduce material wastage.  

 

Kori is consciously monitoring the different stages of its service to ensure the compliance 

with relevant laws and regulation such as complying with maximum permissible noise levels 

set by National Environmental Agency. There was no incidence of environmental non-

compliance of the Group in FY2017.  

 

 


10 

 

Our People 

At Kori, we strive to create an inclusive workplace environment, committed to mutual respect, 

fairness and equality for all our staff and workers. We provide opportunities for continuous 

learning and skills improvement for staff development.  

 

Diversity in Our Workforce (GRI 405-1, 405-2, 406-1) 

As at 31 December 2017, the Group had a total of 308 employees, of which 4% are female 

due to the nature of the construction industry. Our employees are distributed across all age 

groups with different experiences and skill sets that build the Group’s capabilities for holistic 

growth. The Group also has a workforce of diverse cultural backgrounds. We have 

employees from seven different countries, contributing to a diversified dynamic and inclusive 

working environment.  

 

 

 

Kori practices non-discrimination and equal opportunities. All employees are remunerated 

fairly based on merit and experiences regardless of gender, race or nationality.   

0%

5%

10%

15%

20%

25%

30%

35%

40%

45%

0

20

40

60

80

100

120

&lt;=30

&gt;30 &amp; &lt;=40

&gt;40 &amp; &lt;=50

&gt;50

Number of Workfore and Turnover by Age 

Male

Female

Turnover Rate

Thailand, 

38.64% 

India, 17.86% 

Bangladesh, 

16.56% 

Malaysia, 

13.64% 

Singapore, 

10.71% 

Myanmar, 

2.27% 

China, 0.32% 

Workforce by Nationality  


11 

 

Employee Benefits and Retention (GRI 401-1,401-3) 

We recognise the valuable contribution by our employees. On top of competitive salaries 

and performance-based bonuses, employees of Kori are entitled to a range of benefits 

including, workmen compensation insurance, group personal accident insurance, medical 

and healthcare benefits as well as hospitalization leave. We also support the government’s 

pro-family policies and follows regulations by the Ministry of Manpower with regards to 

parental and childcare leave. 

 

Training and Career Development (GRI 404-2, 404-3) 

Kori is dedicated to nurturing our employees to grow, 100% of staff received annual 

performance and career development reviews in FY2017. The performance evaluation 

system also provides a channel of communication for employees to provide their feedback to 

the management.  

 

As part of our effort to enhance skills for our employees, appropriate trainings are identified 

and conducted through various forms of knowledge acquisition such as on site trainings, 

seminars, conferences, workshops and classroom trainings.  

Contribution to Our Industry and Caring of Our Community  

Contribution to Industry Practice (GRI 203-2)  

We have successfully developed the Kori Large Panelling Traffic Decking System with our 

unique and advanced expertise in steel decking works built through years of practice in 

various projects. For the Kori Large Panelling Traffic Decking System, we use steel panels 

which consist of a special type of rugged grid-pattern beams sections as a temporary 

platform which permits more efficient and stable decking works. This method is now widely 

adopted throughout infrastructure projects in Singapore. 

 

Noise Management (GRI 413-1) 

Kori has implemented programmes to assess noise levels and minimise the impact of our 

operation to the community. Kori’s movable noise enclosure concept was recognised by LTA 

and was awarded the Innovative Noise Management Award at the 19th Annual Safety Award 

Convention in September 2017 for Contract T216. 

 

Vector Measures 

To protect our workers and the surrounding community from dengue, vector control plans 

are implemented at every construction site including our storage yards to prevent mosquito 

breeding. Regular control measures are taken and monitored by supervisors.  

 

Giving Back to Society (GRI 413-1) 

Kori believes that community engagement is an integral part of our business sustainability.  

We are committed to being a responsible corporate citizen and we endeavour to give back to 

the community.    

 


12 

 

Our management have been actively contributing to the discussion on industry and 

workforce developments in Singapore through media outlets such as the Straits Times and 

Channel NewsAsia. The Company’s initiatives on foreign worker engagement and workplace 

safety and health practices are shared to the community through such channels. We also 

routinely provide donations for community prayer events. 

 

To minimize negative impact created on the environment and save natural resources, the 

Group will continue to adopt practices to reuse 100% of our steel materials in new projects 

after dismantling. 

SGX Five Primary Components Index  

S/N 

Primary Component   

Section Reference  

1 

Material Topics  

 

Economic, Environmental and Social Topics 

 

Stakeholder Engagement  

2 

Policies,  

Practices and Performance  

 

CEO’s Message 

 

Kori’s Sustainability Story 

 

Economic, Environmental and Social Topics  

3 

Board Statement  

Governance &amp; Statement of the Board 

4 

Targets  

Kori’s Sustainability Story 

5 

Framework  

Reporting Practice 

GRI Standards Content Index and GRI Indicators 

GRI 

Standards Disclosure Content  

Annual/Sustainability Report 

Section Reference  

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Organisation Profile 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Organisation Profile 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Organisation Profile 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Organisation Profile 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Organisation Profile 

102-6 

Markets served 

Organisation Profile 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Organisation Profile 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Our People 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Managing Our Sub-

Contractors 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and 

its supply chain 

Letter to Shareholders 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach 

Commitment to Sustainability 

102-12 

External initiatives 

N.A.  

102-13 

Membership of associations  

N.A. 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

CEO’s Message 

102-15 

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities 

Kori’s Sustainability Story 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour  

Ethics and Integrity 

102-17 

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about 

ethics 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-18 

Governance structure  

Sustainability Governance and 

Statement of the Board 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups  

Stakeholder Engagement 


13 

 

GRI 

Standards Disclosure Content  

Annual/Sustainability Report 

Section Reference  

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders  

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

Statements 

Notes to the Financial 

Statements 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries  

Reporting Practice  

102-47 

List of material topics 

Reporting Practice 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

N.A. as this is the first report 

issued 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

N.A. as this is the first report 

issued 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Reporting Practice 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

N.A. as this is the first report 

issued 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Reporting Practice 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

Administration Manager 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

Reporting Practice 

102-55 

GRI content index 

GRI Standards Content Index 

102-56 

External assurance 

Reporting Practice 

203-2 

Significant indirect economic impacts 

Contribution to Industry 

Practice 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

Ethics and Integrity 

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures 

Ethics and Integrity 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken 

Ethics and Integrity 

301-2 

Percentage of materials used that recycled 

input materials 

Materials  

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

Environment Protection 

308-1 

Percentage of new suppliers that were 

screened using environmental criteria 

Managing Our Sub-

Contractors 

308-2 

Negative environmental impacts in the supply 

chain &amp; actions taken 

Managing Our Sub-

Contractors 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

Employee Benefits and 

Retention 

401-3 

Parental leave 

Employee Benefits and 

Retention 

403-1 

Workers representation in formal joint 

management-worker health &amp; safety 

committee 

Health and Safety 

403-2 

Injury &amp; incidents 

Health and Safety 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading skills &amp; transition 

assistance 

Trainings and Skills Upgrading 

404-3 

Regular performance and career 

development review 

Health and Safety 

Training and Career 

Development 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and 

Diversity in Our Workforce 


14 

 

GRI 

Standards Disclosure Content  

Annual/Sustainability Report 

Section Reference  

employees 

405-2 

Ratio of basic remuneration of women to men Diversity in Our Workforce 

406-1 

Incidents of discrimination and corrective 

actions taken 

Diversity in Our Workforce 

413-1 

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments &amp; 

development programs 

Noise Management 

Giving Back to Society 

414-1 

New suppliers screened using social criteria 

Managing Our Sub-

Contractors 

414-2 

Negative social impacts in the supply chain &amp; 

actions taken 

Managing Our Sub-

Contractors 

 

