
 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

KS ENERGY LIMITED 

FOR FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 

 

Published on 22 May 2020 

 

 








 

KS ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

Page | 2 

CONTENTS 

 

03 

Introduction from the Executive Chairman and CEO 

04 

About this report 

08 

About KS Energy 

16 

Economic Sustainability 

18 

Anti-corruption 

20 

Environmental compliance 

21 

Occupational Health and Safety 

23 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Content Index 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

KS ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

Page | 3 

INTRODUCTION 

 

Introduction from the Executive Chairman and CEO 

GRI 102-14 

 

The KS Energy Sustainability Report 2019 is the third sustainability report for KS Energy. It covers our 

environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) performance in 2019. Our aim has been to prepare a full and 

balanced report on the most material topics of interest to our customers, partners and investors.  

 

KS Energy Limited (the “Company” and together with its subsidiaries and associated companies, the “Group”) is 

an integrated services provider to the global oil and gas industry. Headquartered in Singapore, the shares of the 

Company are traded on the Main Board of SGX-ST, part of the Singapore Exchange. The core activities of the 

Group are capital equipment charter, the provision of drilling and rig management services; and specialised 

engineering and fabrication. The Group’s principal operating segment is held under its 80.09% owned subsidiary, 

KS Drilling Pte Ltd (“KS Drilling”).  

 

KS Drilling is an internationally accredited drilling and drilling rig management company, providing capital 

equipment, rig management and drilling services directly to major oil companies for their onshore and offshore 

production needs.  

 

The Group’s other operating segment is held under the wholly owned subsidiary, KS Energy Engineering Services 

Pte Ltd( formally known as KS Fabrication and Engineering Pte Ltd), which provides customised engineering and 

fabrication services to a wide range of companies in the oil and gas industry with customers spanning from the 

Americas to Asia through its subsidiary Globaltech Systems Engineering Pte Ltd (“Globaltech”). 

 

At KS Energy, we believe in development which benefits communities and operations that respect people and 

their safety, whilst having consideration for the environment. The world demands more energy but lower 

greenhouse gas emissions. This can only be achieved by investing in renewable energy sources while improving 

the efficiency of existing non-renewable energy infrastructure.  

 

The U.S. Energy Information Administration ranked Indonesia the world's third largest geothermal electricity 

producer and capacity holder in 2014 after the United States and the Philippines, in an article published on 19 

October 2015. Indonesia's Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources estimates that the country holds a potential 

29 gigawatts (GW) of geothermal capacity reserves, only 5% of which is currently being used. Indonesia's current 

geothermal capacity of 1.3 GW consists of plants clustered around Java, Bali, North Sumatra, and North Sulawesi. 

KS Energy is very proud to have completed drilling operations for geothermal projects in North Sumatra.  

 

The financial year that ended 31 December 2019 was a challenging year for the oil and gas industry and for 

companies like ours which provide services to the upstream sector. While some geopolitical fears have 

diminished, such as those related to the US-China phase 1 trade deal and a no-deal Brexit, new concerns for the 

immediate future have emerged, particularly the COVID-19 virus. The overall activity level for our fleet of on-

shore and off-shore drilling rigs owned and operated by our Drilling business was significantly lower than in 

recent years. The net loss attributable to shareholders of the Company was $81.2 million for the year, almost 

double the previous year, mainly due to non-recurring impairments or similar charges this year. The lower 

overall activity level for our fleet naturally led to a lower total number of manhours worked while our total 

recordable incident rate remained at zero for a second year based on a combined 2.9 million manhours worked 

which is very impressive and well below the industry average. 

 

Kris Wiluan 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

 


 

KS ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

Page | 4 

About this report 

 

The KS Energy Sustainability Report 2019, for the financial year ended 31 December 2019, was published in May 

2020. This report is our third sustainability report and focuses on the most critical environmental, social and 

governance topics that affects our performance and prospects. Further information on corporate governance 

can be found in the Corporate Governance Statement on pages 21 to 49 of our Annual Report 2019 published 

on 15 April 2020. The date of the most recent previous sustainability report was 31 May 2019. 

 

The main steps involved in selecting the most critical topics are: 

 

1. Identify and understand topics that are important to our stakeholders;  

2. Identify topics that are important to our business; 

3. Collate the topics identified as of highest importance or materiality; 

4. Inform the Board of Directors of the chosen topics, for their endorsement 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

To identify and understand topics that are important to our stakeholders we conducted meetings and surveys 

with various working groups consisting of representatives from operations departments, management staff and 

independent directors. We discussed environmental, social and governance topics to gather opinions from each 

individual and feedback they may have received from external stakeholders such as customers, suppliers, 

bankers and investors through their informal discussions. The process was run by our senior executives who 

attended workshops on the sustainability reporting process. An independent consultant was not engaged due 

to cost constraints. Employee, senior management and director stakeholder engagements were undertaken 

specifically as part of the report preparation process. 

 

Key Stakeholder Groups 

 

Stakeholder 

 

How we engage  

 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Investors 

 

Shareholder Meetings 

 

Financial &amp; operational performance 

Employees 

 

Regular Meetings  

 

Financial performance; health &amp; safety; diversity 

Suppliers 

 

Supplier assessments 

 

Financial &amp; operational performance 

Customers 

 

Daily during operations 

 

Operational performance; health &amp; safety 

Bankers  

 

Regular Meetings  

 

Financial performance; Compliance 

 

 




 

KS ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

Page | 5 

Material Sustainability Matters 

 

Following the engagement sessions, we were able to reconfirm our key stakeholders, regenerate a list of 

potential environmental, social and governance matters relevant to our company and identify the key topics 

important to both internal and external stakeholders. Key stakeholders are those we expect to be either 

significantly affected by our activities or who affect our ability to achieve our desired outcomes.  

 

This report will focus on the key sustainability topics identified by this process and are our most material 

environmental, social and governance topics for our internal and external stakeholders. Material topics may be 

identified either due to the environmental, social or governance impacts caused by our activities or those that 

substantively influence the assessments and decisions of stakeholders.  

 

The material environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) topics identified were: 

 

1. Occupational Health &amp; Safety  

2. Anti-corruption 

3. Environmental Compliance 

4. Economic Performance and Sustainability 

 

The material topics selected will undergo review in subsequent reports to ensure their continued relevance and 

importance. The material topics have been prioritised for inclusion in this report. There has been no restatement 

of information given in the previous reports and no significant change from the previous reporting period in the 

list of material topics and topic boundaries, except for the inclusion of additional topics.  

 

The chart below shows our application of the materiality principle as the matrix prioritises topics based on the 

significance of impact (highest on the right-hand side) and their influence on stakeholder assessments and 

decisions (highest at the top).  

 

 








 

KS ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

Page | 6 

 

Reporting Principles 

 

The Reporting Principles for defining report content have helped decide which content to include in the report. 

The Reporting Principles are divided into two groups: principles for defining report content and principles for 

defining report quality. 

 

Reporting Principles for defining 

report content 

 

Reporting Principles for defining 

report quality 

• 

Stakeholder Inclusiveness 

• 

Accuracy 

• 

Sustainability Context 

• 

Balance 

• 

Materiality 

• 

Clarity 

• 

Completeness 

• 

Comparability 

 

• 

Reliability 

 

• 

Timeliness 

 

We used the Reporting Principles for defining the report content for our material ESG topics which were selected 

following a prioritization exercise using the principles of Stakeholder Inclusiveness and Materiality. 

 

Compliance with Singapore Exchange (SGX) Rules 

 

This report is in accordance with Listing Rule 711A, which states that a sustainability report must be issued no 

later than 5 months after the end of the financial year. This report describes our sustainability practices with 

reference to the primary components set out in Listing Rule 711B on a ‘comply or explain’ basis which are: 

 

a) material environmental, social and governance topics; 

b) policies, practices and performance; 

c) targets; 

d) sustainability reporting framework; and 

e) Board statement. 

 

As this is our third year of annual sustainability reporting, we have developed the report with guidance from the 

phased approach in line with the SGX Sustainability Reporting Guide. This year we have expanded the number 

of most critical factors addressed and included qualitative and quantitative targets, where applicable. We plan 

to continue to develop our sustainability reporting over the next year to include additional topics, more 

performance measures and comparisons against disclosed targets and commitments with explanation of 

overachievement and shortfall targets for our material topics.  

 

 




 

KS ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

Page | 7 

Reporting Framework 

 

We have chosen the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Sustainability Reporting Standards ("GRI Standards") 

framework as the most widely adopted global standards for sustainability reporting. This report has been 

prepared in accordance with GRI Standards: Core Option. 

 

This report covers global operations and all subsidiaries for which the Group has management control, unless 

otherwise indicated. The reporting boundary for financial data and anti-corruption is consistent with the 

consolidated financial data in our Annual Report 2019. The reporting boundaries for Occupational Health &amp; 

Safety and Environmental Compliance relate to the activities of KS Drilling to reflect materiality and where the 

impacts occur most for the topic. A list of all entities included in the consolidated financial statements is shown 

in our Annual Report 2019 on pages 111-114. 

 

For reference to the GRI Content Index, please refer to Page 23. 

 

Board Statement  

 

The Board considers financial topics and non-financial topics, such as environmental, social and governance 

("ESG") topics, as part of the wider strategic planning process. Through the production of this report, the Board 

has worked directly with senior management to determine the material ESG topics. The management and 

monitoring of the material ESG topics is part of the full Board's responsibility, rather than a Board Sustainability 

Committee, in order to secure input from all Board members as we develop our sustainability reporting. 

 

This report has not been audited by external auditors nor do we intend to seek external assurance for the report 

in the following year. An electronic version of this report and our annual reports are available at 

www.ksenergy.com.sg 

 

We welcome feedback from all stakeholders. Please send all feedback via email to mail@ksenergy.com.sg 

 

 

 

 




 

KS ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

Page | 8 

About KS Energy – Organizational Profile  

GRI 102-1 to 13  

 

KS Energy is headquartered in Singapore and its shares are traded on the Main Board of SGX-ST, part of the 

Singapore Exchange. During the year ended 31 December 2019, it operated through two business units, namely 

KS Drilling Pte Ltd and KS Energy Engineering Services Pte Ltd (formerly known as KS Fabrication and Engineering 

Pte Ltd).  

 

For details on our ownership and legal form please see details in our Annual Report 2019 on pages 109, 111-114 

and 156-157. 

 

 

 

The Group had a total of 442 employees as at 31 December 2019 across all the business units. In the graphs 

below, we show the total number of employees by gender and location. We encourage remuneration based on 

merit and experience without gender discrimination. KS Energy has committed to adopt the principles of fair 

employment under the Tripartite Alliance for Fair Employment Practises since 2011. The 5 principles of Fair 

Employment Practices are: 

 

• 

Recruit and select on the basis of merit (such as skills, experience or ability to perform the job) 

regardless of age, race, gender, religion, marital status and family responsibilities, or disability. 

• 

Treat employees fairly and with respect and put in place progressive human resource management 

systems. 

• 

Provide employees with equal opportunities to be considered for training and development based on 

their strengths and needs, to help them achieve their full potential. 

• 

Reward employees fairly based on their ability, performance, contribution and experience. 

• 

Comply with the labour laws and abide by the Tripartite Guidelines on Fair Employment Practices. 

 

 

 




 

KS ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

Page | 9 

Graph showing the total number of employees by gender as at each 31 December: 

 

 

 

Graph showing the total number of employees by country as at each 31 December: 

 

 

 

During the year ended 31 December 2019 we had significant operations in Indonesia, Vietnam, Egypt and 

Singapore. Our operations in Indonesia related to both onshore and offshore drilling activities while our 

operations in both Vietnam and Egypt related to offshore drilling activities. Singapore is the location of the 

headquarters and administrative centre. 










 

KS ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

Page | 10 

 

We consider gender diversity and inclusion to be key issues for all companies and we seek to encourage the 

advancement of diversity and inclusion at KS Energy. We provide equal opportunity in recruitment, career 

development, promotion, training and reward for all employees, regardless of gender, ethnicity, sexual 

orientation or physical ability. Although only 18% of our full-time employees were female as at 31 December 

2019, we ensure we provide enough opportunities and encouragement for women to join our organisation. 

 

The total number of employees in each location significantly varies based on the number of rigs in operation in 

each location. Headcount data is compiled and maintained by our Human Resources department.  

 

KS Energy recorded consolidated revenue of S$32.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 (“FY2019”). 

Total assets, total debt and total equity as at 31 December 2018 were S$309.6 million, S$338.2 million and 

S$(71.6) million, respectively.  

 

S$'M 

FY2019 

FY2018 

FY2017 

FY2016 

FOR THE YEAR 

 

 

 

 

Revenue 

32.3 

        51.4          47.1          35.1  

AT YEAR END 

 

 

 

 

Total Assets 

309.6 

      413.6 

      496.4        566.1  

Total Debt 

338.2 

380.3 

408.1 

428.7 

Total Equity 

(71.6) 

1.2 

        52.3          87.0  

 

 

Governance Structure 

GRI 102-18 

 

KS Energy is committed to setting and maintaining high standards of corporate governance in conducting the 

Group’s business and believes that strong corporate transparency, together with sound corporate policies, 

business practices and internal controls enables the Company to safeguard its assets and interests while strives 

to achieve its objectives and attain sustainable growth and value for shareholders. Corporate governance 

practices are in line with the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore 

on 6 August 2018 (the “Code”) where applicable during FY2019.  

 

In addition to the Code, the Company has also adopted the Board Code of Conduct and Ethics, Terms of 

Reference of Board of Directors and Board Diversity Policy as the Board is also committed to achieve high level 

of professionalism, integrity, fairness, effective communications on its role, standards of conduct in the 

discharge of their office. The Board of Directors (the “Board”) recognises that a diverse Board is an essential 

element in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development by enhancing 

the decision-making process and quality of its performance through their perspectives derived from various 

aspects such as skills, knowledge and experience.  

 

Mr Kris Wiluan is the Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Group and was appointed to the 

Board in May 2006. Given there is a strong independent element on the Board that enables the exercise of 

independent and objective judgment on the corporate affairs of the Group, the Board is of the view that there 

are adequate safeguards and checks in place to ensure that the process of decision-making by the Board is based 

on collective decisions of the Directors without any excessive or unrestricted concentration of power or 

influence residing in any individual. Furthermore, half of the Board consists of Independent Directors (including 

a Lead Independent) and all the Board Committees are chaired by Independent Directors. 

 

 

 


 

KS ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

Page | 11 

Group-level Governance Structure: 

 

 

 

More information can be found in the Corporate Governance Statement of our Annual Report 2019 from page 

21. 

 

Singapore And International Efforts 

 

As an organisation, we aim to be efficient users of energy and water across our business units and at our 

corporate headquarters in Singapore. In 2017, Singapore reaffirmed its commitment to the December 2015 COP 

21 Paris Agreement and its pledge to reduce emissions intensity and stabilise emissions. Singapore is a small 

low-lying city-state with an open economy and significant coastal infrastructure so is particularly vulnerable to 

the consequence of climate change. In line with the Paris Agreement, Singapore has committed to reduce its 

emissions intensity by 36 per cent from 2005 levels by 2030, and to stabilise its emissions with the aim of peaking 

around 2030.  

 

Performance Data - Environment (Singapore Operations) 

  

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

Direct Energy (kwh) 

183,747 

162,887 

142,740 

131,142 

Potable Water Used (CuM) 

358 

185 

125 

70 

 

The above data shows the annual amount of electricity and water used by the KS Energy and KS Drilling offices 

in Singapore. We encourage staff to recycle using specially labelled bins located within our Singapore offices.  

 

 

 

 

 

Group

Finance

Audit &amp; Risk

Management

Committee

Internal

Audit

Chairman of the Board

KS Energy

Board of Directors

Chief Executive Officer

Business Unit

Management

Committees

Group

Legal

Nominating

Committee

Remuneration

Committee


 

KS ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

Page | 12 

About KS Drilling Pte Ltd (“KS Drilling”) 

 

KS Drilling is an internationally accredited drilling and drilling rig management company providing capital 

equipment, rig management and drilling services directly to oil and gas companies. As of 31 December 2019, KS 

Drilling owned, or had partial ownership interests in, and operated three (3) jack-up offshore drilling units and 

six (6) onshore drilling units.  

 

KS Drilling is headquartered in Singapore and operations are focused around the rig locations. 

 

NAME OF RIG 

TYPE OF RIG 

LOCATION 

KS Java Star 

Jack-Up Rig 

Indonesia 

KS Java Star 2 

Jack-Up Rig 

Vietnam 

KS Medstar 1 

Jack-Up Rig 

Egypt 

KS Discoverer 1 

Land Rig 

Indonesia 

KS Discoverer 3 

Land Rig 

Indonesia 

KS Discoverer 4 

Land Rig 

Indonesia 

KS Discoverer 6 

Land Rig 

Indonesia 

KS Discoverer 7 

Land Rig 

Indonesia 

KS Discoverer 8 

Land Rig 

Indonesia 

 

 

 

KS Drilling’s total revenue by geography for the year ended 31 December 2019 was: 

 

Country 

S$’M 

Indonesia 

7.5 

Vietnam 

22.2 

Egypt 

1.5 

Total 

31.2 

 




 

KS ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

Page | 13 

KS Drilling employed a total of 442 people as at 31 December 2019 of which 126 were full-time permanent 

employees and the remainder were full-time contracted third-party personnel who represent most workers at 

rig operational sites. KS Drilling is dependent on highly skilled industry focused professionals. Employee welfare 

is extremely important, so we can attract and retain the necessary calibre of employees. Employee welfare 

includes the business and operational environment employees must operate in and the health and safety track 

record. Employees are based in the following countries. 

 

Country 

31-Dec-19 

Indonesia 

229 

Vietnam 

87 

Egypt 

97 

Singapore     

29 

Total 

442 

 

 

 

 

 

About KS Energy Engineering Services Pte Ltd 

 

KS Energy Engineering Services Pte Ltd (formally known as KS Fabrication and Engineering Pte Ltd) provides 

customised engineering and fabrication services to a wide range of companies in the oil and gas industry with 

customers spanning from the Americas to Asia through its subsidiary Globaltech Systems Engineering Pte Ltd 

(“Globaltech”). Globaltech operations are based in Singapore and total revenue for the year ended 31 December 

2019 was S$1.1 million. Globaltech did not have any employees as at 31 December 2019. 

 

 

 




 

KS ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

Page | 14 

Supply Chain 

GRI 102-9 

 

Our procurement supply chain mainly comprised of the suppliers for materials and consumable items required 

by our jack-up drilling rigs and onshore drilling rigs. KS Drilling’s supply chain mission statement is: “Our aim is 

to provide optimum support to operations in delivering essential materials and services in a manner which is of 

superior quality and lower cost of ownership. This will be done on time, every time.” KS Drilling has a robust 

supply chain policy which is part of the company management system. Policies and procedures have been 

developed for each stage from source to settle, in line with the best industry practices. 

 

Our supply chain policies encompass a range of activities including warehouse management, procurement, 

contracts, logistics and compliance. We maintain a detailed approved vendor list which consists of reputable, 

ethical, and high performing vendors that meet our needs and provide the best value in terms of cost, quality 

and delivery. Where practical, KS Drilling encourages local sourcing to help develop local businesses in the 

countries it operates. At present, data on the geographic location of suppliers is not maintained.  

 

Periodic vendor performance audits are conducted based on spend volume, criticality and service rankings. 

Vendor audits include visits to their facilities by Management to determine performance and improvement 

opportunities are recommended. As an ISO certified company, we also audit some our approved vendors on 

environmental aspects in compliance with industry standards.  

 

KS Drilling participates in worldwide IADC supply chain initiatives and shares in lateral learning in the drilling 

sector of the industry the forum discussions.  

 

Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain 

GRI 102-10 

 

There has been no significant change to the size, structure, ownership, or supply chain during the reporting 

period. The KS Discoverer 3 land rig was relocated from Pakistan to Indonesia during 2019.  

 

Precautionary Principal  

GRI 102-11 

 

The precautionary approach was introduced by the United Nations in Principle 15 of ‘The Rio Declaration 

on Environment and Development’. It states: ‘In order to protect the environment, the precautionary approach 

shall be widely applied by States according to their capabilities. Where there are threats of serious or irreversible 

damage, lack of full scientific certainty shall not be used as a reason for postponing cost-effective measures to 

prevent environmental degradation.’  

 

For details on our risk management please see details in the Corporate Governance section of the Annual Report 

2019 on pages 40-41. 

 

External initiatives 

GRI 102-12 

 

KS Energy has committed to adopt the principles of fair employment under the Tripartite Alliance for Fair 

Employment Practises since 2011. 

 

 

 


 

KS ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

Page | 15 

Membership of associations 

GRI 102-13 

 

Mr Soh Gim Teik, our lead independent director is a member of the Governing Council of the Singapore Institute 

of Directors and Deputy Chairman of the Singapore Science Centre.  

 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

GRI 102-16 

 

The KS Energy employee handbook provides a guide for the expected standards of employee’s professional 

conduct. The Group’s values and principles are summarised in the following core aspects. 

 

Performance:  

We strive for a performance driven culture in which our people are empowered and motivated to perform to 

the best of their abilities. We set “improvement of customer satisfaction” as the underlying objective to all our 

activities, and judge all internally proposed policies and plans by its level of contribution to this effort. 

 

Professional development:  

We constantly upgrade our people's abilities and technical skills to cater to the changing needs of the industries. 

We continuously develop our human resources, encourage employees to exercise their full potential and create 

relationships where both the corporation and individual can grow together. 

 

Teamwork and work ethics:  

We are committed to a culture of teamwork and professionalism that fosters synergies within the group. Every 

action we take reflects the highest ethical standards. We interact with our customers, our employees and our 

shareholders with honesty and integrity. 

 

Employee welfare:  

We endeavour to create an invigorating environment that encourages our people to maintain a healthy 

equilibrium between their professional work and personal life responsibilities. We regard our employees as our 

most important resource and strive to fully appreciate each person’s individual value. 

 

Health and Safety:  

Health and Safety is ensured primarily through understanding and complying with rules and regulations, a strict 

execution of everyone’s duty, and improvements in technology and expertise, built up through ceaseless efforts. 

We demand strict adherence to practices that relate to the health and safety of our people. 

 

Collective bargaining agreements 

GRI 102-41 

 

Our employees are not covered by collective bargaining agreements but are given the right to exercise freedom 

of association. 

 

 

 


 

KS ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

Page | 16 

Economic Sustainability 

 

Economic Performance 2016 

GRI 201 

 

Management Approach 2016 

GRI 103-1, 103-2 and 103-3 

 

Economic sustainability is a key concern for our stakeholders. Our independent auditors have flagged conditions 

which indicate the existence of a material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to 

continue as a going concern in each audit report from FY2015 to FY2017. In FY2018 and again in FY2019, our 

independent auditors issued a disclaimer of opinion as they had not been able to obtain sufficient appropriate 

audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion on the financial statements. The matters, relating to going 

concern, are described in the independent audit report within our Annual Report 2019 on pages 57 to 59.  

 

Details in relation to the management approach and its components are shown in the notes to the financial 

statements under note 2.1 “going concern basis of accounting” on pages 68 and 69 of our Annual Report 2019.  

 

The Company has been on the minimum trading price (“MTP”) entry criterion watch-list under Rule 1311(2) of 

the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual since June 2017 and the financial 

entry criteria watch-list under Rule 1311(1) since June 2018. Pursuant to Rule 1314, the Company may be 

removed from the watch-list if it satisfies the following requirements, where applicable. Financial exit criteria: 

The company records consolidated pre-tax profit for the most recently completed financial year (based on the 

latest full year consolidated audited accounts) and has an average daily market capitalisation of S$40 million or 

more over the last 6 months. MTP exit criteria: The company records a volume-weighted average price of at 

least S$0.20 and an average daily market capitalisation of S$40 million or more over the last 6 months. In 

addition, Rule 1315 states the company must take active steps to meet the requirements of Rule 1314. If the 

issuer fails to comply with Rule 1314 within 36 months of the date on which it was placed on the watch-list, the 

Exchange may either remove the issuer from the Official List, or suspend trading of the listed securities of the 

issuer (without the agreement of the issuer) with a view to removing the issuer from the Official List. 

 

The Company’s goal is to exit the SGX-ST watch-lists within the required timeframe by enhancing the average 

daily market capitalisation to S$40 million or more over the required 6 months, and by meeting the other exit 

criteria. 

 

On 11 May 2020, the Singapore Exchange Regulation announced that it is removing the MTP rule for Mainboard 

issuers with effect from 1 June 2020. The MTP watch-list will cease to exist on 1 June 2020 and Mainboard 

companies on the list will no longer need to satisfy the exit criteria and apply for removal from the MTP watch-

list. Accordingly, the Company will no longer need to satisfy the exit criteria for removal from the MTP watch-

list. 

 

The financial performance of the Group is formally reviewed by the Audit &amp; Risk Management Committee and 

the Board on a quarterly basis. The financial information within these disclosures are sourced from our audited 

financial statements which are prepared in accordance with the provisions of the Singapore Companies Act, 

Chapter 50 and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International).  

 

 

 


 

KS ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

Page | 17 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

GRI 201-1 

 

For the year ended 31 December 2019, the direct economic value generated by the Group was: 

 

• 

$32.3 million from revenues – net sales plus revenue from sales of assets 

 

For the year ended 31 December 2019, the economic value distributed by the Group was: 

 

• 

$16.5 million for operating costs – this includes purchases from suppliers and other operating 

expenses 

• 

$18.2 million for employee wages and benefits – this includes salaries and benefits 

• 

$1.9 million for payments to providers of capital – this includes interest paid to banks  

• 

$0.2 million for payments to governments – this includes corporate incomes taxes paid net of refunds 

 

For the year ended 31 December 2019, the economic value retained by the Group was therefore minus $4.5 

million (direct economic value generated less economic value distributed). The target for the Group is to retain 

a positive economic value, on average, over the economic cycle, to support new investments.  

 

Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change 

GRI 201-2 

 

KS Energy does not have a system in place to calculate the financial implications or costs, or to make revenue 

projections. It does not currently have plans to develop the necessary systems but will review this requirement 

on an annual basis.  

 

Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans 

GRI 201-3 

 

KS Energy does not provide a retirement plan for its employees. In Singapore, the Central Provident Fund 

(CPF) is a comprehensive social security savings plan that enables Singapore citizens and permanent residents 

to set aside funds for retirement. Under the CPF scheme, both KS Energy and its employees make monthly 

contributions in accordance with the prevailing regulations. 

 

Financial assistance received from government 

GRI 201-4 

 

In 2019, the Group received a total of almost $4,900 in financial assistance from governments. Here, the Group 

refers to Singapore subsidiaries and therefore relates to the activities of KS Energy, KS Drilling and Globaltech. 

All financial assistance received was from the Singapore government’s employment credit schemes as well as 

cash grants under its leave incentives for childcare schemes. 

 

 

 

 

 


 

KS ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

Page | 18 

Anti-Corruption 

 

Anti-Corruption 2016 

GRI 205 

 

Management Approach 2016 

GRI 103-1, 103-2 and 103-3 

 

Anti-corruption is a key concern for our stakeholders. Our financiers and other stakeholders expect the Group 

to adhere to integrity, governance and responsible business practises. The Group is committed to setting and 

maintaining high standards of corporate governance in conducting the Group’s business and believes that strong 

corporate transparency, together with sound corporate policies, business practices and internal controls enables 

it to safeguard its assets and interests while it strives to achieve its objectives and attain sustainable growth and 

value for shareholders. Corporate governance practices are in line with the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 

issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore on 6 August 2018 (the “Code”) and where there are variations 

to the Code, explanations are provided in the Annual Report 2019 on pages 21 to 49.  

 

In addition to the Code, the Company has also adopted the Board Code of Conduct and Ethics, Terms of 

Reference of Board of Directors and Board Diversity Policy as the Board is also committed to achieve high level 

of professionalism, integrity, fairness, effective communications on its role, standards of conduct in the 

discharge of their office. 

 

The Company has in place a Whistle-blowing Policy to provide an accessible channel through which employees 

and any other persons of the Group may report and raise in good faith and in confidence, any concerns about 

possible improprieties, fraudulent activities, or malpractices within the Group in a responsible and effective 

manner. The objective of the Whistle-blowing Policy is to facilitate independent investigation of such matters 

and for appropriate follow-up action. This policy was updated in FY2017. Reports can be made verbally or in 

writing to any member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee (“ARMC”) whose contact numbers and 

email addresses are stated in the said policy. External parties may access the Whistle-blowing Policy which is 

available on the corporate website. An independent investigation of the matters raised would be conducted and 

appropriate follow-up action would be undertaken. There were no whistle-blowing reports received in FY2019. 

 

Risk assessments for prospective contracts are performed by senior management and include an assessment for 

the location of operations which considers a variety of location specific issues including anti-corruption. When 

challenging management’s proposals or decisions constructively, the Independent Directors bring independent 

and objective judgement to bear on business activities and transactions involving conflicts of interest and other 

complexities.  

 

The duties and obligations of the Directors, including their responsibilities as fiduciaries and how to deal with 

conflicts of interest that may arise are clearly set out in their respective letter of appointment issued to them 

upon appointment. 

 

In recent years, the Group has focused on employee volunteerism to support projects in society rather than by 

giving charitable donations. Our employee volunteerism programme with TOUCH Centre for Independent Living 

(TCIL), a special needs service group of TOUCH Community Services, started in 2015. We collaborated in card-

making sessions as well as a bowling tournament, which inspired greater mutual understanding and fostered 

new friendships. Such activities not only provide all participants with much enjoyment, they also put the 

handmade craft into practical use. The birthday cards made are given to all employees on their birthdays. Over 

the span of many years, we have made more than 900 cards. In addition, employees have over several years 

participated in the Race Against Cancer, an event organized by the Singapore Cancer Society, and which aims to 

create awareness and raise funds for those battling the disease. 

 


 

KS ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

Page | 19 

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

GRI 205-1 

 

Anti-corruption is part of the Group’s culture, both as part of our practice of good corporate governance and 

because we understand the grave consequence on the Group’s reputation and business operations of legal 

breaches. Senior management highlight, when necessary, work ethics to employees when dealing with matters 

that may give rise to conflicts of interest.  

 

The Group has an Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) Framework (the “ERM Framework”), which governs the 

risk management process of the Group. Through this ERM Framework, risk capabilities and competencies are 

continuously enhanced. The ERM Framework also enables the identification, prioritisation, assessment, 

management and monitoring of key risks and associated key controls to the Group’s business. The ownership of 

these risks lie with the respective business operations and corporate executive heads with stewardship residing 

with the Board. The key risks of the Group are deliberated by Management and reported to the ARMC on a 

quarterly basis. The ARMC reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of the ERM Framework against leading 

practices in risk management and vis-à-vis the external and internal environment in which the Group operates. 

 

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures 

GRI 205-2 

 

The Board Code of Conduct and Ethics has been communicated to all Board members of the Company. A policy 

for business conduct and ethical practices forms part of the KS Drilling company management system and states 

that all employees are required to strictly comply with relevant Foreign Corrupt Practices Acts or equivalent law.  

The policy is provided to all new employees who receive an induction on the company management system. The 

management approach and disclosures for this material topic therefore relate to the KS Drilling business unit. 

 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

GRI 205-3 

 

There were no incidents of breaches of anti-corruption laws over the 12 months of this reporting period. We 

target zero breaches in the coming period.  

 

 

 

 

 


 

KS ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

Page | 20 

Environmental Compliance 

 

Environmental Compliance 2016 

GRI 307 

 

Management Approach 2016 

GRI 103-1, 103-2 and 103-3 

 

Environmental compliance is a key concern for our stakeholders. Our financiers, customers and other 

stakeholders expect the Group to comply with environmental laws and regulations, including international 

declarations, conventions and treaties, as well as national, sub-national, regional and local regulations. The 

Group is committed to operating efficiently while supporting environmental protection.  

 

Environmental compliance is most significant for our drilling rig operations within the KS Drilling business unit. 

The management approach and disclosures for this material topic therefore relate to the KS Drilling business 

unit. As at 31 December 2019, KS Drilling had a fleet of six onshore drilling rigs, all located in Indonesia, and 

three offshore drilling rigs, located in Egypt, Vietnam and Indonesia. 

 

KS Drilling is committed to continually improve the quality of our services while protecting people and 

environment. Our focus will be placed on quality development, human health, operational safety, environmental 

protection (“QHSE”). This commitment is in the best interests of our employees, customers, contractors, 

shareholders and local communities where we work and operate through the implementation of the KS Drilling 

company management system and strive to provider drilling solutions to the energy sector. 

 

• 

Committed to meet customer specific requirements and satisfaction through implementation of the KS 

Drilling company management system and set quality strategic objectives for continuous improvement 

 

• 

Committed to prevent work related accidents and ill health at all locations realizing that its personnel 

form its strongest asset 

 

• 

Committed to apply the safety policies &amp; procedures throughout and empower all employees to 

standby the KS Drilling safety policies and procedures to prevent accidents 

 

• 

Committed to protect the environmental impact and prevent environmental pollution throughout its 

operations and mitigate all major risks to minimize our environmental impact 

 

KS Drilling systems have been developed and will be implemented in accordance with ISO and OHSAS standards 

and comply with all applicable legislation. 

 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations 

GRI 307-1 

 

There were no significant fines and non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with environmental laws and/or 

regulations during the reporting period. We target zero such non-compliance in the coming period. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

KS ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

Page | 21 

Health and Safety 

 

Occupational Health and Safety 2016 

GRI 403 

 

Management Approach 2016 

GRI 103-1, 103-2 and 103-3 

 

Both employee welfare and health &amp; safety are core aspects of the Group’s values and principles. Our people 

are our greatest asset and their actions and achievements contribute to the overall success of the Group.  

 

Occupational Health &amp; Safety risk is most significant for our people working on our drilling rigs within the KS 

Drilling business unit. The management approach and disclosures for this material topic therefore relate to the 

KS Drilling business unit. As at 31 December 2019, just over 80% of KS Drilling employees worked on our drilling 

rigs and the balance worked in corporate roles. All employees who work on the drilling rigs undergo annual 

medicals.  

 

• 

KS Drilling has a fully developed and continuously enhanced system and process to support quality, 

health, safety and environmental (“QHSE”) objectives across the business; and 

• 

KS Drilling provides employees the necessary training and coaching needed to meet the required 

standards and to follow the processes, including weekly site safety meetings 

 

Health &amp; safety information is gathered by the most senior employee at rig locations. It is discussed and 

reviewed by Management, who approve any recommendations, and shared over the intranet. The information 

is gathered for our employees (permanent and contract staff) and third-party employees who are also on-site.   

 

QHSE performance is reported to the board of both KS Drilling and KS Energy on a quarterly basis. The QHSE 

performance includes lost time incidents rate (“LTIR”) and total recordable incidents rate (“TRIR”) plus their 

appropriate frequency rate. An LTI is a work-related incident (injury or illness) to an employee in which a 

physician or licensed health care professional recommends days away from work due to the incident, excluding 

the day of the incident. The incident rates are calculated per 200,000 manhours worked and the frequency rates 

are calculated per 1,000,000 manhours worked. All work-related recordable injury or illness cases that occur to 

employees (those assigned to rigs as well as shore based administrative and support personnel) are reported 

and investigated for remedial actions and lessons learnt sharing.  

 

The QHSE performance in compared against data from the International Association of Drilling Contractors (the 

“IADC”) which has tracked safety and accident information for the drilling industry since 1962 in their Incident 

Statistics Program (“ISP”). First Aid cases are not considered to be recordable and are not included in the QHSE 

data for IADC ISP. First aid cases include any treatment of minor scratches, cuts, burns, splinters and so forth, 

and any follow-up visit for the purpose of observation. KS Drilling submits its QHSE performance to IADC. 

 

In addition to the recordable incidents, KS Drilling also records a description of all first-aid cases, near-misses, 

equipment loss or damage, environmental and other similar cases, together with actions or measures taken to 

prevent similar future cases occurring. QHSE performance and incident reports are regularly reviewed by senior 

management.   

 

All our operations have a qualified medic on-site with medicines plus a safety coordinator. Weekly safety 

meetings are held together with safety briefings at shift changes and at the beginning of tasks. Personal safety 

equipment is provided by the company for all employees.  

 

 


 

KS ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

Page | 22 

Workers representation in formal joint management–worker health and safety committees 

GRI 403-1 

 

Regular formal joint management-worker health &amp; safety committee meetings are held which bring together 

senior management, senior employees at rig locations and worker representatives from rig locations.  

 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and 

number of work-related fatalities 

GRI 403-2 

 

The below QHSE performance data excludes minor (first-aid) injuries, in line with industry standards. The injury 

rate is expressed as the total recordable incident rate is calculated per 200,000 manhours worked, also in line 

with industry standards. There were no work-related fatalities included within the QHSE performance data. 

Absentee rates are not recorded as workers are generally paid by a day-rate or by an hourly rate, so absenteeism 

is not an issue.  

 

Recordable Incident Rate 

2013 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

KS Drilling 

0.52 

0.16 

0.13 

0.23 

0.26 

0.00 

0.00 

Industry Average 

0.81 

0.75 

0.60 

0.46 

0.54 

0.68 

0.63 

 

Health and Safety Highlights 

 

• 

Zero Fatalities in 2019  

• 

Zero Lost-Time Incidents in 2019  

 

We target to maintain zero fatalities and a lower than industry average recordable incident rate in the coming 

period. 

 

Workers with high incidence or high risk of diseases related to their occupation 

GRI 403-3 

 

Workers in our industry may suffer hearing loss from working in a noisy environment and back injuries from 

manual lifting. We therefore take particular care to ensure all employees wear ear protectors when necessary 

and we provide training in lifting technique and injury prevention.  

 

 




 

KS ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

Page | 23 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Content Index 

GRI 102-55 

 

Page number references showing “AR” refer to our Annual Report 2019. 

 

GRI Standards - Content Index 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Number 

Disclosure Title  

Individual disclosure items ('a', 'b', 'c', etc.) are not 

listed here 

Page Number 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GRI 102: 

 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

General 

102-1 

Name of the organization 

p. 1 

Disclosures 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

p. 8-13 

2016 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

p. 8-13 

 

102-4 

Location of operations 

p. 8-13 

 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

p. 8 

 

102-6 

Markets served 

AR p. 18 

 

102-7 

Scale of the organization 

AR p. 4-14 and 

60-155 

 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

p. 8-13 

 

102-9 

Supply chain 

p. 14 

 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain 

p. 14 

 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

p. 14 

 

102-12 

External initiatives 

p. 14 

 

102-13 

Membership of associations  

p. 15 

 

 

STRATEGY 

 

 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

p. 3 

 

 

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY 

 

 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour  

p. 8, 10 and 15 

 

 

GOVERNANCE 

 

 

102-18 

Governance structure  

p. 10-11 

 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups  

p. 4 

 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

p. 15 

 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders  

p. 4 

 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

p. 4 

 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

p. 4 

 

 

REPORTING PRACTICE 

 

 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements  

p. 7 

 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries  

p. 6 and 7 

 

102-47 

List of material topics  

p. 5 

 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

p. 5 

 

102-49 

Changes in reporting  

p. 5 

 

102-50 

Reporting period  

p. 4 

 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report  

p. 4 


 

KS ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

Page | 24 

 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

p. 6 

 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the report  

p. 7 

 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

p. 7 

 

102-55 

GRI content index 

p. 23-25 

 

102-56 

External assurance  

p. 7 

 

 

GRI Standards - Content Index 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Number 

Disclosure Title  

Page 

Number 

GRI 201 

 

ECONOMIC SUSTAINABILITY 

 

Economic 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

p. 17 

Performance 

2016 

201-2 

Financial implications and other risks and opportunities 

due to climate change 

p. 17 

 

201-3 

Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement 

plans 

p. 17 

 

201-4 

Financial assistance received from government 

p. 17 

 

 

GRI Standards - Content Index 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Number 

Disclosure Title  

Page Number 

GRI 403 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

 

Occupational 

Health and 

403-1 

Workers representation in formal joint management–

worker health and safety committees 

p. 22 

Safety  

2016 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, 

lost days, and absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities 

p. 22 

 

403-3 

Workers with high incidence or high risk of diseases related 

to their occupation 

p. 22 

 

403-4 

Health and safety topics covered in formal agreements 

with trade unions 

n/a 

 

 

GRI Standards - Content Index 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Number 

Disclosure Title  

Page 

Number 

GRI 205 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

 

Anti- 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

p. 19 

Corruption 

2016 

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-corruption 

policies and procedures 

p. 19 

 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

p. 19 

 

 

 


 

KS ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

Page | 25 

 

GRI Standards - Content Index 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Number 

Disclosure Title  

Page 

Number 

GRI 307 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

 

Environmental 

Compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations  

p. 20 

2016 

 

 

 

 

 

 



