
1 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

LASSETERS INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED 

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore) 

(Company Registration Number: 200402223M) 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This Sustainability Report has been reviewed by the Company's sponsor, Stamford Corporate Services Pte. Ltd. (the "Sponsor"). It has not been examined or 

approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the "SGX-ST") and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this document, 

including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this document. The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr Bernard 

Lui. Telephone: (65) 6389 3000 Email: bernard.lui@morganlewis.com 

 

 




2 

 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

 

1.0 BOARD STATEMENT 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

              3 

2.0 ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

 

 

 

 

 

              4 

3.0 OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY  

 

 

 

                          5 

4.0 ECONOMIC 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  7 

5.0 ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  7 

6.0 SOCIAL 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  8 

7.0 GOVERNANCE 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

             10 

8.0 GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

 

 

 

 

             12 

 

 


3 

 

1.0 BOARD STATEMENT 

 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) hereby presents the second Sustainability Report of Lasseters 

International Holdings Limited (“Lasseters” or the “Company” and its group of companies 

collectively known as the “Group”) for the financial year ended 30 June 2019. 

 

This report is prepared in compliance with the requirements of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

Listing Rules 711A and 711B, and references the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards (2016) – Core 

option. This report highlights the key environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) related initiatives carried 

throughout a 12-month period, from 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019. 

 

It covers the operational area that is most material to the Group. The performance data encompasses our core 

hospitality businesses at Lasseters Hotel Casino, Alice Springs, Northern Territory, Australia and The Golden 

Door Health Retreat &amp; Spa Elysia, Hunter Valley, New South Wales, Australia. The content of this report will 

focus on the sustainability performance, activities and initiatives that are under our direct control, and exclude 

joint ventures which are not directly under our control. 

 

Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its stakeholders. The 

Group has been involved in reviewing the key material ESG factors identified in 2018. These ESG factors were 

determined via a materiality assessment to identify where to concentrate our sustainability efforts in high 

impact areas which support our business strategy. The Board continues to oversee the management and 

monitoring of these factors and takes them into consideration when determining the Group’s strategic 

direction and policies. 

 

The data and information provided in this report have not been verified by an independent third party. We 

have relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy of data and information. Our data 

is reported in good faith and to the best of our knowledge, and we will continue to improve our data collection 

processes. We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this 

enables us to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and 

suggestions to the Company’s website, www.lasseters-intl.com 

 

28 November 2019 

 

 

 

 


4 

 

2.0 ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

The Group’s business model generates revenue by offering a wide range of leisure and entertainment 

experiences through its hotel, casino, food &amp; beverage offerings, convention centre, health club, spa and 

wellness as well as property development. 

 

Governance 

 

The Board oversees corporate governance and operational matters relating to our business. For corporate 

sustainability, the Board is supported by key management headed by the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and 

includes the Chief Operating Officer (“COO”), the General Manager (“GM”), and designated senior personnel 

and/or heads of department. The CEO provides leadership and approval over corporate sustainability matters 

such as Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) plans, community investment and environmental initiatives. 

Supported by the CEO, the COO/GM and Heads of department within the business functions engage with key 

stakeholders to identify and manage the ESG Factors as well as execute the CSR plan. They provide back-to 

back assurance over the quality of information for sustainability reporting. 

 

 

 

 

Ethics and Compliance 

 

Being a listed company on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited, we are committed to maintain 

high standards of corporate governance as required by the listing rules. We abide by local and international 

best practices. Our corporate governance framework covers ethics and compliance through a Code of Conduct 

as well as Action Guidelines which are communicated periodically. Communication channels are in place to 

enable employees and individuals engaged in business activities to report unethical behaviour. We have a 

designated officer who maintains a register of incidences regarding ethics and compliance issues and escalates 

to the management where appropriate. 

 

The Group operates in a jurisdiction where the gaming industry is well developed, where there are stringent 

controls in place to ensure all gaming operators conduct their business in a well-regulated environment. Most 

importantly, Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorism Financing guidelines are strictly adhered to. In 

addition, the Group is committed to conducting its casino business in line with world-class standards of 

excellence and integrity and in conformity with AS/NZS ISO 9001:2000, an international standard which 

requires strict monitoring and auditing procedures, designed to increase customer confidence and satisfaction. 

 

 

COO, GM, HEADS OF DEPARTMENT



ESG

• Materiality &amp; Boundaries

• ESG Factors &amp; KPI



CSR

• CSR Plan

• Performance Tracking

CEO

BOARD

 

 

 

 

Oversees the sustainability direction, 

strategies, policies 

 

Advises and supports the Board on 

sustainability matters, strategies, policies 

 

Overall management and monitoring of 

sustainability performance and KPI 

 

Reports sustainability performance to the 

CEO/Board 

 

Implements sustainability initiatives and 

provides feedback on improvements 


5 

 

3.0 OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT 

 

In 2018, the Group identified our key stakeholders and the material aspects that are relevant to our business. 

The interests and requirements of these key stakeholders are taken into account when formulating corporate 

strategies. These key stakeholders include, but are not limited to, customers, suppliers, employees, and 

regulators. We adopt both formal and informal channels of communications to better understand the needs of 

key stakeholders, and incorporate these into our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial 

relationships. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Applying the guidance from GRI Standards, we have identified the following key stakeholders and material ESG 

aspects: 

 

No. Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Frequency 

Areas of interest 

1. 

Customers 

Market research 

- customer experience survey 

Customer feedback channels 

Face-to-face meetings 

Loyalty program 

Social media 

 

Weekly 

Daily 

Occasionally/Daily 

Occasionally/Daily 

Occasionally/Daily 

Customers experience 

Safety and security 

Responsible gambling 

Responsible service of alcohol 

Privacy 

Environmental sustainability 

2. 

Suppliers 

Face-to-face meetings/emails 

Vendor Assessment 

- KPI target 

- Contract renewal 

Occasionally/Monthly 

 

Monthly/Quarterly 

Annually 

Sustainable supply chain 

Ethics and business conduct 

 

3. 

Employees 

Staff appraisal 

Staff bonding sessions 

- birthday/festive celebrations 

- cluster gatherings 

- annual dinner 

Staff training and 

occupational safety courses 

Whistle blowing procedures 

Annually 

 

Monthly/Occasionally 

Occasionally 

Annually 

 

Occasionally 

Occasionally 

Occupational Health &amp; Safety 

Personal development 

Equal opportunities 

Diversity 

Well-being, work-life balance 

Ethics and business conduct 

 

4. 

Regulators 

Meetings 

Occasionally 

Governance 

Plan and Scope

Engage 

Stakeholders

Assess 

Materiality

Collect Data

Report

SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY 


6 

 

Licence review 

Audit 

Open dialogue 

Inspections 

Annually 

Annually 

Occasionally 

Quarterly 

Responsible gambling 

Responsible service of alcohol 

Safety and security 

Anti-corruption 

Ethics and business conduct 

Health compliance (food and 

safety) 

5. 

Community 

Donations 

Sponsorships 

Contribution to Community 

Benefit Levy (“CBL”) 

Occasionally/Monthly 

Occasionally/Monthly 

 

Monthly 

Donations &amp; sponsorships 

CBL 

Environmental sustainability 

Employment opportunities 

6. 

Shareholders 

/Investors 

Annual General Meeting 

Annual Report 

Announcements 

Analyst briefings and 

presentation 

Annually 

Annually 

Occasionally 

 

Occasionally 

Economic performance 

Risk management 

Governance 

Ethics and business conduct 

 

 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant aspects, giving due consideration to both 

risks and opportunities to the business. These relevant aspects are then prioritised and used to identify 

material factors which are subject to validation. The end result of this process is a list of material factors 

disclosed in the Sustainability Report, as the process outlines below: 

 

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment in 2018 incorporating inputs gathered from stakeholders’ 

engagements, without external consulting. In order to determine if an aspect is material, we assess its 

potential impact on the economy, environment and society and its influence on the stakeholders. This year, 

the management reviewed the ESG factors selected. As there were no major changes in our business 

operations in 2019 and no significant changes to the external environment or regulatory framework affecting 

the industry, the management have assessed that these ESG factors remain the most material for the Group. 

The management will continue this review on a yearly basis. 

 

The following are our material factors: 

 

 

 

IDENTIFICATION

PRIORITISATION

VALIDATION

REVIEW

ECONOMIC

• Economic Performance

• Procurement Practices

• Anti-Corruption

ENVIRONMENTAL

• Energy

• Environmental Compliance

• Supplier Environmental 

Assessment

SOCIAL

•Occupational Health and Safety

•Training and Education

•Diversity and Equal Opportunity

•Local Communities

GOVERNANCE

• Corporate Governance

• Enterprise Risk Management

• Business Ethics

• Regulatory Compliance


7 

 

4.0 ECONOMIC 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

Lasseters firmly believes that focusing on financial sustainability is critical. The Group’s basic principle is to 

attain long-term profitability and enhance shareholders’ value by taking into account the interests of 

stakeholders, namely customers, employees, shareholders, suppliers and the society as a whole. 

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to our Annual Report 2019 Financial Highlights, Review of 

Operations and Financial Statements sections. 

 

PROCUREMENT PRACTICES 

 

Lasseters’s purchasing policy decrees that where possible we will support local suppliers ie within Alice Springs 

and/or the Northern Territory; and within the Hunter Valley and/or New South Wales respectively. However 

due to our remote location and inaccessibility to procure certain items especially in Alice Springs, we are 

obligated to look beyond the local area for particular articles. In 2019, approximately 52% of our purchases 

were sourced locally meeting our target of at least 50%. For 2020, we’ve drop our target to at least 45% 

supplies to be sourced locally mainly due to a particular main supplier closing their warehouse in Alice Springs. 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

 

Lasseters does not tolerate any form of corruption. This has been made clear to all of our employees, our 

suppliers and our business partners. While employees may be given tokens or gifts with nominal value, they 

can only receive them if these tokens or gifts were not given with any intent or prospect to influence his/her 

business decision(s). We also have in place a whistle-blowing policy that supports our anti-corruption 

commitment by enabling employees to, in confidence, raise concerns internally and disclose any impropriety 

through accessible and discrete channels. For detailed disclosure on our whistle-blowing policy, please refer to 

our Annual Report 2019 Corporate Governance section. 

 

There were no incidents of corruption reported in 2019, and we will continue to ensure that there will be no 

incidents of corruption within the Group for the forthcoming year. 

 

 

5.0 ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

ENERGY 

 

Lasseters is fully aware of its responsibility for nurturing the environment and lessening negative 

environmental consequences at our property and the environment in which we operate in. We monitor our 

electricity consumption at our work places to ensure that we use our resources economically, meaningfully 

and responsibly. Our energy consumption is approximately 8.6 million kWh yearly. 

 

Initiatives that have been implemented include: undertaking an energy audit, the implementation of suitable 

recommendations for reducing power usage, and finally an installation of Voltage Power Optimisation units 

that resulted in a 15% reduction in energy consumption. 

 

Since our partnership with InterContinental Hotel Group ("IHG") in Year 2016, Crowne Plaza Alice Springs 

Lasseters ("CPASL") has participated in the IHG Green Engage programme and achieved Level 1 accreditation 

in November 2017 i.e. completed 10 best practice solutions that provide immediate energy and costs savings. 

This includes actions such as tracking consumption data, setting up a property green team and installing 

energy efficient lighting in guest rooms. In 2018, CPASL began initiatives for Level 2 of the IHG Green Engage 

programme and have since taken steps to implement solutions such as sustainable purchasing and ingraining 

sustainability. We have met our target of completing more than 50% of the requirements of Level 2 in 2019 

and target to complete more than 75% in the forthcoming year. 

 

 


8 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

 

Lasseters is committed to abiding by all applicable laws and regulations. Our properties are subject to 

environmental laws and regulations, including the NT Environment Protection Authority Act 2012, Waste 

Management and Pollution Control Act 1998, Waste Management and Pollution Control (Administration) 

Regulations, Environmental Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999, Protection of the Environment 

Operations Act 1997, Public Health Act 2010 and Public Health Regulation 2012.  

 

There was no incidence of non-compliance with laws and regulations resulting in significant fines or sanctions 

in 2019, and we aim to maintain this track record for the forthcoming year. 

 

SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT 

 

Lasseters performs regular vendor evaluation on existing suppliers to assess the timeliness of delivery, quality 

of products and services, competitiveness of prices, terms and conditions, credit ratings, reputation of 

suppliers, after sales support etc. All our vendors are required to undergo a screening process that deems 

them satisfactory in their respective criteria. We have adopted the best practice recommendations contained 

in an environmental impact study done in 2018. Both our cleaning goods/chemical and laundry suppliers were 

selected based on their sustainability statements, as well as other criteria. 

 

CPASL’s participation in Level 2 of the IHG Green Engage programme encompasses the adoption of IHG’s 

Sustainable Purchasing Policy. This involves training of employees, identifying purchasing policy and 

procurement criteria, assessment of suppliers and sourcing new suppliers to achieve sustainable procurement. 

As stated in Section 5.0 of this report under the sub-section titled “Energy”, we have met our target of 

completing more than 50% of the requirements of Level 2 in 2019 and target to complete more than 75% in 

the forthcoming year. 

 

 

6.0 SOCIAL 

 

Every employee plays an essential role in our Group. We achieve success by promoting a collaborative work 

environment in which everyone is committed to achieve their corporate goals based on open and honest 

communications whilst showing care and support for one another. Our employees are the drivers of our 

business and we believe in creating a respectful, rewarding and safe working environment for our team. We 

support and respect the protection of internationally proclaimed human rights. We respect human rights, 

support the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour, especially child labour, and we do not 

tolerate any discrimination in regards to employment and occupation. 

 

Lasseters provides competitive remuneration based on merit to all our employees. Where we are unable to 

compete on a competitive basis for certain specialist roles, we ensure that reward and recognition are given 

through other alternative methods – often the Vision of the business and our employees’ commitment to that 

Vision is what binds them to our business. 

 

Lasseters’ staff are either covered under an Enterprise Bargaining Agreement (“EBA”), employed in accordance 

with an Award or individual agreements. Negotiations take place between the management and the 

Consultative Committee made up of staff members from different departments. The Consultative Committee 

was established as a representative forum to provide an ongoing mechanism for dialogue, exchange of ideas 

and information between the company and the employees. The consultative process is designed to encourage 

a culture of mutual trust and co-operation to allow the company and the employees to foster a harmonious 

relationship. 

 

WORK HEALTH AND SAFETY 

 

The health and well-being of our employees is of the highest importance and we are committed to ensuring a 

safe, fair and healthy working environment. It is not only a fundamental right for our employees to be able to 

work in a safe environment, but when our employees’ wellness has been prioritised and attained, productivity 

increases, and in turn we are able to provide the very best services to our customers. By implementing job 


9 

 

safety guidelines, we are committed to provide a hazard-free workplace to ensure the wellbeing of both our 

employees and environment. 

 

We engage contractors to conduct tests on fire and emergency equipment on a monthly, quarterly, six 

monthly and annual basis. Lasseters WH&amp;S committee made up of members from different departments meet 

regularly to go over any potential issues. Regular evacuation drills are conducted as well as fire warden training 

and fire extinguisher training. 

 

We ensure employees have access to comprehensive workplace induction, and safety training where relevant. 

We have in place strong communications, consultation and feedback practices which allow us to monitor, 

measure and evaluate our workplace wellbeing. Actualising health and wellbeing programs, as well as 

education and experience accessibility to our employees is of upmost importance to Lasseters.  

 

There have been no work place incidents leading to employee fatality or permanent disability in 2019 and we 

aim to maintain the record for the forthcoming year. 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

 

It is in the interest of the Group that career development programs are set in place for individual employees 

on an on-going basis based on their individual needs and goals. 

 

A total of approximately 6,000 professional development hours have been provided to our employees in 2019 

which translate to an average of 15 - 20 hours of training per employee in our respective operations, 

compared with a total of approximately 7,800 professional development hours provided to our employees in 

2018. The decline was mainly due to less employees participating in training. We aim to maintain the average 

training hours of 15 - 20 hours of training per employee for the forthcoming year. We have a strong 

commitment to the growth of our team both in a professional and a personal capacity, and we shall continue 

to provide professional development opportunities to our employees on an annual basis. 

 

We hold a variety of professional development opportunities each year depending on the emerging needs and 

industry trends. Some of the opportunities in 2019 included regulatory training on Anti-Money Laundering, 

Counter Terrorism Financing, Responsible Gambling and Responsible Service of Alcohol, training in hospitality, 

tourism, emergency response, occupational health and safety, leadership and soft skills. 

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

 

A diverse workforce is an asset in today’s ever-changing global marketplace. We believe that the key to a 

strong guest experience stems from the foundation of having a strong team. We are committed to a shared 

vision that motivates our people to strive to always do their best work. We cultivate an inclusive culture where 

employees with wide-ranging backgrounds and qualities are highly motivated, engaged and connected. We do 

not discriminate one’s race, age, gender, religion, ethnicity, disability or nationality.    

 

Lasseters’s employee gender profile in the hospitality segment was relatively well-proportioned with 

approximately 51% female and 49% male. We target to maintain the relatively balanced gender profile within 

a 10% differential between female and male employees. In the wellness segment, we have more female 

employees which we believe is a suitable factor considering our business model and guest profile. As of 30 

June 2019, we had a workforce of 420 employees, age ranging from 16 to 74 years old. 

 

A range of activities are held throughout the year to foster team-building such as all staff breakfast events, 

staff parties, staff day at the races, team building and sports events, in addition to birthdays, achievements 

and anniversary celebrations. 

 

LOCAL COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT 

 

Lasseters embraces the philosophy of giving back to the community by encouraging proactive involvement in 

its CSR initiatives and environmental conservation programs. Contributing time and resources, Lasseters is 


10 

 

committed to aid the development and improvement of the society in which we live and work in. Please refer 

to the Annual Report 2019 for details of the Group’s CSR. 

 

In 2019, Lasseters made donations and sponsorships around $0.2 million both in cash and in kind to various 

foundations and charitable organisations. We also made contributions of over $2.9 million to the Community 

Benefit Fund (“CBF”). The CBF awards grant funding under two main streams: major and minor community 

grants. The major community grants provide funding support to major not-for-profit community development 

and improvement purposes and the minor community grants are available to support small projects to provide 

services and leisure activities which have the potential to improve the wellbeing and lifestyle of Territorians. 

Our sponsorship goes to small and major events as well as school groups, non-profit organisations, sporting 

groups, mental health services and disability and respite coordination groups. 

 

Major organisations/events supported by Lasseters include the Alice Springs Masters Games, the Lasseters 

Classic Outback Trial, Alice Springs Golf Club, Alice Springs Table Tennis Association, Alice Springs Red 

CentreNATS, Alice Springs Mountain Bike Club, AFL Northern Territory, EJ Whitten Foundation, Finke Dessert 

Race, UN Women’s charity, We Care Road Trip, Cerebral Palsy Association, The Special Olympics charity dinner, 

The Lung Foundation, Red Kite, Ovarian Cancer Australia, Warrah, One Sight, Beyond Blue, So They Can, 

Epworth Medical Foundation and The OTIS Foundation, resulting in benefits for the community through 

attracting interstate travelers and through increased local spending. We target to maintain our support on 

most of the events wherever possible. 

 

Recent CSR steps undertaken by Lasseters in Alice Springs include fundraising events such as Charity Trivia 

supporting the Make a Wish Foundation, Pretty in Pink supporting the Bosom Buddies cancer support group 

and Wine Down Bingo supporting the Alice Springs Table Tennis Association. Lasseters also supported 

Australian farmers affected by drought by donating $1 for any Parma or Schnitty sold to the 'Buy the Bale 

Campaign’. 

 

Our volunteer program welcomes volunteers every year, giving individuals who are currently studying or 

hoping to pursue a career in the health, fitness or tourism industries valuable hands-on experiences through a 

five-week live-in program. This program is accessed by people from the local region and Australia wide. 

Lasseters has partnered with food rescue organisation OzHarvest to donate our surplus and leftover foods. 

OzHarvest collects excess food from commercial outlets and delivers it, direct and free of charge to more than 

800 charities to help the homeless and less fortunate. Lasseters also partnered with Soap Aid to reprocess 

discarded portions of our guest soaps into new soap bars which are then sent to local and international 

communities in need. Soap Aid also works hard in educating those less fortunate in the importance of washing 

our hands and hygiene.  

 

 

7.0 GOVERNANCE 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 

The Board and the Management of Lasseters are committed to the best practices in corporate governance to 

ensure sustainability of the Group’s operations. We believe that our constant drive for corporate excellence 

will allow us to establish a more transparent, accountable and equitable system, thereby enhancing long-term 

value and returns for our shareholders. Please refer to the Annual Report 2019 for details of the Group’s 

Corporate Governance. 

 

RISK MANAGEMENT 

 

The Board is committed to ensuring that the Group has an effective and robust enterprise risk management 

framework in place to safeguard shareholders’ interests, and the sustainability of the Group as well as 

providing a basis to make informed decisions with regards to the risk exposure and risk appetite of the Group. 

For detailed disclosure on our risk management, please refer to our Annual Report 2019 Corporate 

Governance section. 

 

 


11 

 

BUSINESS ETHICS 

 

All employees are reminded of the importance of upholding the highest standards when it comes to business 

ethics. The Group regularly updates relevant key management with development in applicable laws and 

regulations. 

 

WHISTLE-BLOWING POLICY 

 

As endorsed by the Audit Committee, the Group has set in place a whistle-blowing policy which provides for 

the mechanisms by which employees, may in good faith and confidence, raise concerns about dishonesty, 

fraudulent acts, corruption and improper conduct that may cause financial or non-financial loss to the Group, 

with the assurance in good faith that they will be protected from reprisals or victimization. For a detailed 

disclosure on our whistle-blowing policy, please refer to our Annual Report 2019 Corporate Governance 

section. 

 

There were no reports of whistle-blowing received in 2019. 

 

REGULATORY COMPLIANCE 

 

Lasseters is fully aware of the effects money laundering can have on society and so it whole-heartedly respects 

its obligation to ensure the legality and security of all its financial transactions. We take all necessary 

precautions and measures to avoid and prevent any involvement whatsoever with such perfidy in our 

operations by working closely with experts and national authorities, and by adhering strictly to all relevant 

legislations. Lasseters’ vast experience, strict financial procedures, network of security and financial experts 

ensure the financial integrity of all its casino operations. 

 

Lasseters complies with the relevant laws and regulations such as the Gaming Control Act 1993 of Northern 

Territory (“NT”), the NT Code of Practice for Responsible Gambling 2007, Liquor Act 1978, Code of Practice for 

Responsible Service of Alcohol, Privacy Act 1988, the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorism Financing 

Act 2006, Workplace Health and Safety Act 2011, Fair Work Act 2009, rules issued by The Australian 

Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre (AUSTRAC), Swimming Pools Act 1992, Food Act 2003, Public Health 

Act 2010, Work Health and Safety Regulation 2017, Workers Compensation Act 1987, Workplace Injury 

Management and Workers Compensation Act 1998, Annual Holidays Act 1944 No 31, Employment Protection 

Act 1982, NSW Anti-discrimination Act 1977, Long Service Leave Act 1955, Public Holidays Act 2010, Age 

Discrimination Act 2004, Disability Discrimination Act 1992, Racial Discrimination Act 1975 and Sex 

Discrimination Act 1984, and will continue to ensure compliance in the forthcoming year. 

 


12 

 

8.0 GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Reference 

General Standards Disclosure 

Organisation 

Profile 

GRI 102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Lasseters International 

Holdings Limited 

 

GRI 102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

This report Section 2.0 

 

GRI 102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Singapore 

 

GRI 102-4 

Location of operations 

Alice Springs, Northern 

Territory, Australia. 

Hunter Valley, New South 

Wales, Australia. 

 

GRI 102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report 2019 Statistics 

of Shareholdings 

 

GRI 102-6 

Markets served 

Annual Report 2019 

Corporate Profile 

 

GRI 102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Annual Report 2019 Review of 

Operations 

 

GRI 102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

This report Section 6.0 

 

GRI 102-9 

Supply chain 

This report Section 4.0 

 

GRI 102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

There were no significant 

changes to the organisation 

and its supply chain 

 

GRI 102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

This report Section 2.0 

 

GRI 102-13 

Membership of associations 

Annual Report 2019 CSR 

Strategy 

GRI 102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

This report Section 1.0 

Ethics and 

Integrity 

GRI 102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Annual Report 2019 

Corporate Governance, this 

report Section 2.0 

Governance 

GRI 102-18 

Governance structure 

Annual Report 2019 

Corporate Governance, this 

report Section 2.0 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

GRI 102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

This report Section 3.0 

 

GRI 102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

This report Section 6.0 

 

GRI 102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

This report Section 3.0 

 

GRI 102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

This report Section 3.0 

 

GRI 102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

This report Section 3.0 

Reporting 

Practice 

GRI 102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Annual Report 2019 Note 13 

to the Financial Statements 

 

GRI 102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

This report Section 3.0 

 

GRI 102-47 

List of material topics 

This report Section 3.0 

 

GRI 102-48 

Restatements of information 

Not applicable 

 

GRI 102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable 

 

GRI 102-50 

Reporting period 

This report Section 1.0 

 

GRI 102-51 

Date of most recent report 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

GRI 102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

 

GRI 102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

This report Section 1.0 

 

GRI 102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

This report Section 1.0, 3.0 

 

GRI 102-55 

GRI content index 

This report Section 8.0 

 

GRI 102-56 

External assurance 

Not sought 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


13 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Reference 

Material Topics 

Economic 

Performance 

GRI 201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

This report Section 4.0 

Procurement 

Practices 

GRI 204-1 

Proportion of spending on local suppliers 

This report Section 4.0 

Anti-

Corruption 

GRI 205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

This report Section 4.0 

 

GRI 205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken 

This report Section 4.0 

Energy 

GRI 302-1 

Energy consumption within the organisation 

This report Section 5.0 

Environmental 

Compliance 

GRI 307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

This report Section 5.0 

Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment 

GRI 308-1 

New suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria 

This report Section 5.0 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety 

GRI 403-1 

Workers representation in formal joint 

management-worker health and safety 

committees 

This report Section 6.0 

Training and 

Education 

GRI 404-1 

Average hours of training per year per 

employee 

This report Section 6.0 

 

GRI 404-2 

Programs for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programs 

This report Section 6.0 

 

GRI 404-3 

Percentage of employees receiving regular 

performance and career development 

reviews 

This report Section 6.0 

Diversity and 

Equal 

Opportunity 

GRI 405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees 

This report Section 6.0 

Local 

Communities 

GRI 413-1 

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, and 

development programs 

This report Section 6.0 

 

 

 

 

 

