
 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 




 

 

Table of Contents 

 

About This Report  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

3 

Letter from the Chairman  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4 

About Us 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

5 

Our Approach to Governance &amp; Sustainability  

 

 

 

 

8 

Stakeholders Engagement   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10 

Materiality Assessment 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

11 

Economic Performance 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

12 

Anti-Corruption 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

13 

Energy 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

14 

Employment  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

15 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Content Index  

 

 

 

 

16 

 

 


 

3 

 

About This Report 

This is LCT Holdings Limited’s (the “Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, collectively known 

as the “Group”, “LCT”, “we” or “our”) third sustainability report (the “Report”) for the financial year 

ending 30 June 2020 (“FY2020”). We recognise the importance of sustainability practices that 

contribute to greater success and growth in our business and will continue to report on our progress 

annually. The Group believes that this Report presents our sustainability strategy and performance 

areas relating to in Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”). 

 

Reporting Standards 

 

This Report was prepared in accordance with Rules 711A and 711B of the SGX-ST Listing Manual 

Section B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist Rules”) and the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards 

Sustainability Reporting Guidelines 2016 – Core Option and its reporting principles. We have adopted 

the GRI reporting framework for its robust regime and detailed guidance which offers an 

internationally-recognised benchmark for the disclosure of governance approaches, the 

environmental, social and economic performance and impact on organisations. The GRI content index 

and relevant references are set out at the end of this report. 

 

The Group has not sought external assurance for this report and will consider doing so as our reporting 

matures over time.  

 

Reporting Scope and Period 

 

This Report continues to focus on the Group’s core operations in China, which are material to our 

business for FY2020. The Group will continue to work towards including the operations of other 

subsidiaries in other countries into our Report. In this Report, we will discuss the Group’s efforts and 

performance on our material ESG factors.  

 

The Group has reassessed the material ESG factors disclosed in our previous Report through active 

engagement with our key stakeholders, including customers, suppliers, employees, investors and 

government regulators, and subsequently decided that the factors were still relevant to our 

operations and stakeholders. 

 

All figures expressed in this report are in Renminbi (“RMB”), unless otherwise stated.  

 

Accessibility of the report and Your Feedback 

 

In line with our pledge to sustainable environmental practices, we will not be printing this report. The 

report is available on www.sgx.com and we welcome feedback from all stakeholders. Please direct 

your questions, comments, suggestions or feedback on any aspect of this report or our sustainability 

practices to secretary@lct-holdings.com.


 

4 

 

Letter from the Chairman 

Mr Du Junqi 

Executive Chairman  

Dear Valued Stakeholders, 

On behalf of the Board of Directors (the “Board”), it is my 

pleasure to present the third Sustainability Report (the “Report”) 

of the Group. This report aims to communicate our Group’s 

commitment towards sustainability as well as to articulate our 

initiatives that have been implemented within the Group over 

time. 

 

As with the previous years, the Group recognises the importance 

of managing a business that incorporates sustainability practice. As such, we have identified relevant 

ESG factors that are key to our business which we have included in this Report. Our Board oversees 

the overall direction on sustainability and related strategies, while our management are responsible 

for implementation, monitoring and providing regular updates to the Board. 

 

The COVID-19 pandemic has affected businesses and individuals globally across many industries. We 

are pleased to share that the Group’s businesses in Xi’an and Shanghai were not adversely affected by 

the pandemic due to the strict adherence to government requirements by the property owners and 

the property management company. This facilitated timely approvals from the Chinese government 

to reopen the properties on time, hence reducing the economic impact of the pandemic on the Group. 

The effect of the pandemic on our lessees’ businesses was limited as rent payments continued to be 

prompt.  

 

The management will continue to pay close attention to any potential adverse impact on the Group’s 

businesses and will implement timely and adequate responses in order to ensure the stable 

development of our businesses in Xi'an and Shanghai. At the same time, the management will strive 

to seek new business opportunities and generate additional sources of revenue.  

FY2020 will be one where the economic situation continues to remain dynamic and fluid, and 

sustainability issues are constantly evolving. As such, the Board sees this as an on-going journey where 

we continue to evaluate material ESG factors that are relevant to our businesses. Lastly, we would like 

to thank our shareholders, long-time business partners and all stakeholders for their unwavering 

support and confidence in us.




 

5 

 

About Us  

LCT Holdings Limited, formerly known as Longcheer Holdings Limited, was incorporated in Bermuda 

in 2004 with our principal place of business in the People’s Republic of China (“China”). Our principal 

activities are focused on property investment and management. LCT was successfully listed on the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Mainboard on 13 May 2005. 

 

Our Vision and Mission 

 

With the uncertainty and volatility of the COVID-19 economy, businesses can no longer survive on one 

source of revenue. It is therefore paramount for the Group to diversify our businesses and generate 

other sources of income besides property investment and management. We are always on the lookout 

for new business opportunities and finding ways to develop new businesses. Our recent acquisition of 

Shanghai Xiyun Information Technology Services Co., Ltd (“Shanghai Xiyun”) last year has allowed us 

to diversify our portfolio and expand our reach to the ever-growing high technology industries in China. 

This was a strategic move as Shanghai Xiyun contributed revenue in excess of RMB7 million to the 

Group in FY2020.  

 

The Board and management will continue to oversee the operations of the Group and steer the 

company through the turbulent COVID-19 economy.  The Group will continue to seek and capitalise 

on business opportunities that will provide our shareholders long term value whilst exercising financial 

prudence. 

 

Our People – LCT’s most valued assets 

 

Our people are the core assets of our businesses which are essential to achieve long term sustainable 

business goals. We strive to maintain a safe and inclusive working environment by employing and 

developing talented people, continually improving their competencies and enhancing employee 

performance. We embrace diversity and recognise the importance of creating an all-inclusive 

environment where our employees can treat each other respectfully, honestly and equally. We believe 

that maintaining a culture of open, two-way communications in the workplace is essential for 

enhancing employee engagement, building effective teams, and fostering a better work environment 

for all.


 

6 

 

About Us 

Corporate Structure 

 

*The English translation of the company name is for reference only. The official names of these companies are in Chinese. 



LCT Holdings Limited



LC International Pte. Ltd.

(100%)



龙飞（西安）实业有限公司

Longfei Industrial (Xi'an) Co., 

Limited*

(100%)



西安龙飞软件有限公司Longfei 

Software Co., Limited*

(100%)



Longcheer Technology (India) Pvt. 

Limited

(100%)

(29/10/2019 struck off)



LC Technology (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.

(100%)



龙醒 企业管理咨询（上海）有限

公司

Longti Corporate Management 

Consultation (Shanghai) Limited*

(100%)



Shanghai Xiyun Information 

Technology Services Co., Ltd

(80%)


 

7 

 

About Us  

Supply Chain Management 

 

LCT’s principal activity is in investment holdings and our procurement activities revolve around goods 

and services which are mainly used to assist us in our day-to-day operations, including printing, rental 

of office, recruitment and other ancillary services. The Group has in place a procurement policy to 

ensure that key suppliers are selected fairly based on a comprehensive list of criteria such as 

comparing cost amongst multiple suppliers, quality, timeliness of response, etc. New suppliers 

undergo rigorous due diligence checks on their past business dealings. The Group maintains strong 

relationships with all our suppliers and cooperate well with them. There were no cessation or 

termination with any of our major suppliers in FY2020. 

 

External Initiatives 

 

The Group believes in and is committed to giving back to the community and has over the years 

conducted various outreach initiatives to provide improvement to peoples’ lives. We believe that by 

helping and improving the lives of those in the community, we will assist in lifting the current as well 

as the next generation. The Sakya County Secondary School that the Group helped to build in 2015 

has given many younger students the opportunity to gain invaluable knowledge which will benefit the 

communities our students reside in. Although the COVID-19 pandemic has put a hold on our outreach 

programmes and initiatives, we believe strongly in giving back and will continue to do so when given 

the opportunity. 

 


 

8 

 

Our Approach to Governance and 

Sustainability 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Board of Directors



Audit Committee



Remuneration 

Committee



Nominating 

Committee



Chief Executive 

Officer 



Finance 

Department



Administrative

Department



Leasing 

Department



Project 

Management 

Department

Organisation Chart – Board 

Organisation Chart - Management 


 

9 

 

Governance at LCT 

 

Our Group is committed to conducting our business activities in a socially and environmentally 

sustainable matter. We understand the importance of good corporate governance, greater 

transparency and accountability in our businesses. We recognise that a high standard of corporate 

governance and business conduct, is integral in ensuring the sustainability of our business and 

performance, as well as safeguarding the interests and maximising long-term value for our 

stakeholders.  

 

The Group adheres to the principles and guidelines of the Code of Corporate Governance 2012 (the 

“Code”) issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”), which forms the continuing 

obligations of the listing manual of SGX-ST. The Board also ensures that the Group is updated on other 

regulations, notices, circulars, and guidelines that may be released by the MAS and the SGX-ST from 

time to time and seek regulatory guidance where necessary. 

 

The Board oversees the governance and risk management functions and is aware of the need to put 

in place a sound system of risk management and internal controls to safeguard the shareholders’ 

interests and the Group’s assets. Internal monitoring and review processes have been established and 

implemented to assess the adequacy and the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control systems, 

including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls and risk 

management systems. The Company has established procedures to ensure that all transactions with 

interested persons are reported on a timely manner to the Audit Committee (“AC”) for review. The 

AC will review and check that transactions were carried out on normal commercial terms and are not 

prejudicial to the interests of the Company and its minority shareholders before making its 

recommendation to the Board for approval. There were no Interested Party Transactions in the year 

FY2020. 

 

Sustainability at LCT 

 

The Group integrates sustainability principles into our businesses under the leadership of our Board. 

Our Board of Directors, senior management, and key stakeholders were actively involved in the 

establishment, review and monitoring of the Group’s sustainability initiatives as well as overseeing 

the overall direction of the Group’s sustainability approach and incorporate these considerations 

when formulating business strategies. Our senior management assists the Board by implementing and 

monitoring the performance of our sustainability initiatives. 

 

In addition, we also actively engage our key stakeholders to understand their needs and address their 

concerns. This helps us build mutually beneficial relationships with our stakeholders and generate 

sustainable value for them in the long run. 

 


 

10 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

The Group’s business operations impact multiple stakeholder groups and we value inputs and 

comments from our stakeholders. For FY2020, we continue to actively engage our stakeholders 

formally and informally, to understand their perspectives on our sustainable practices. Through the 

engagement, key ESG topics were identified, reassessed and included in this Report. The table below 

depicts our key stakeholder groups, our means of engagement with them, as well as their key topics 

of interest. 

 

Stakeholder Group 

Means of Engagement 

Key Topics of Interest 

Customers 

 

Customer satisfaction survey 

 

Company contact page 

 

Quality of products and 

services 

Suppliers 

 

Emails communication 

 

Meetings and discussions 

 

Continued engagement  

 

Environmental compliance 

 

Quality of their products 

and services 

Employees 

 

Employee handbook 

 

Annual performance appraisal 

 

Feedback sessions 

 

On-going communication 

 

Corporate events 

 

Fair employment practices 

 

Workplace Health and 

safety 

 

Employee welfare  

 

Employee remuneration 

and benefits 

Investors 

 

Annual Report 

 

Financial results announcement 

 

Sustainability report 

 

Annual General Meeting 

 

Networking sessions 

 

Email and teleconferences 

 

Company website 

 

Timely updates on financial 

performance 

 

Sustainability reporting 

 

Investor relations 

Government and 

Regulators 

 

Consultations and discussions 

 

Industry networking functions 

 

 

 

Compliance with relevant 

laws and regulations 

 

Opportunities for business 

collaboration and 

investment 

 

Sharing industry best 

practices 


 

11 

 

Materiality Assessment 

Based on feedback gathered from our internal and external stakeholders, LCT has re-evaluated and 

identified key relevant aspects, which would have significant economic, environmental and social 

impact. The four topics reported for financial year ended June 2018 continue to be relevant to our 

business as reflected in our updated materiality matrix below: 

 

 

Sustainability Topics Selected:  

1. Economic Performance 

2. Anti-Corruption 

3. Energy 

4. Employment 

 

The Group will review and re-evaluate the relevance of our material ESG factors disclosed on an annual 

basis, to ensure its relevance to our stakeholders and business landscape.  

0

1

2

3

4

5

0

1

2

3

4

5

Importance to external stakeholders

Importance to internal stakeholders

Anti-Corruption 

Energy 

Economic Performance 

Employment 


 

12 

 

ECONOMIC 

PERFORMANCE 

The Group is dedicated to deliver long term economic 

value to our stakeholders, through sound financial 

stewardship 

and 

maintaining 

a 

suitable 

and 

sustainable business portfolio. 

 

For FY2020, we are delighted to announce a 62% year-on-year increase in revenue as compared to 5% 

in the previous year. The increase in revenue is mainly attributable to the newly acquired company, 

Shanghai Xiyun Information Technology Services CO., Ltd. (“Shanghai Xiyun”) which contributed 

revenue of RMB7.8 million. Shanghai Xiyun’s main business is to provide supporting services for 

customers to obtain service revenue which includes technical services, financial accounting, 

investment consultation and legal affairs support amongst many others. 

 

The COVID-19 pandemic has affected many businesses and economic activities globally but there was 

limited adverse impact on the Group’s businesses in Xi’an and Shanghai. The lessees of the property 

in Xi’an were engaged in industries related to development and there was strong support by the 

Chinese Government. Therefore, most of the lessees’ businesses were not adversely affected by the 

pandemic and payments were prompt. 

 

The economic performance of the Group is shown below: 

 

 

FY2020 (RMB’000) 

FY2019 (RMB’000) 

Revenue 

20,644 

12,777 

Net Profit/ (loss) attributable to shareholders  

1,977 

6,581 

Earnings/ (loss) per share 

4.33 

18.67 

 

Please refer to our published Annual Report for FY2020 for a detailed breakdown of the Group’s 

financial performance.  

 




 

13 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

At LCT, we strive to inculcate an inclusive culture 

and promote ethical behaviour amongst all our 

employees. We adopt a zero-tolerance approach 

to corruption, bribery and fraud which is enforced 

by our Code of Conduct. The Code of Conduct 

serves as a central guide and reference for our 

employees with regards to expectations and 

principles of workplace behaviour. All employees are expected to fully comply with the Code of 

Conduct. 

 

Our Group has a whistle-blowing policy whereby employees may, in confidence, raise concerns about 

possible irregularities in financial reporting and/or other matters, such as suspected fraud, corruption, 

dishonest practices etc. The policy defines the processes clearly to ensure independent investigation 

of such matters and permits whistle blowers to report directly via email to any of the Whistle-Blowing 

Committee members. The whistle-blowing policy is posted on the company’s notice board for all 

employees to view. Trainings are also provided to employees on business ethics and to reinforce the 

procedures for reporting any potential violations. LCT does not tolerate corruption in any form or 

manner and views malpractices seriously. We have not received any reports of malpractices in all 

aspects of our business and will strive to maintain this record by strengthening mutual supervision 

between employees.  

 

The Group is committed to safeguard against fraud and protect the interests of our stakeholders. To 

do so, we have put in place a conflict of interest policy to identify and manage potential situations 

where conflict of interest may arise.  All employees of our Group are required to declare and disclose 

any situation where their private businesses or personal interests conflict with those of our Group. 

 

There were no whistle-blowing, corruption or cases of wrongdoing received in FY2020. Moving 

forward, LCT will continue to work towards maintaining our zero corruption and wrongdoings record 

in all aspects of our businesses. 

 




 

14 

 

ENERGY 

LCT is aware of the threats posed by climate 

change such as the effects of greenhouse gas 

on the environment and acknowledge that 

businesses need to play an active role in 

combating this environmental issue. 

 

 

 

The Group noted a significant increase in energy usage in FY2020 due to the uptake of rented units 

which were vacant in FY2019. This was aligned with the increase in the Group’s revenue from EY2019 

to FY2020. As our business grew, it was expected that energy usage will increase in tandem. The Group 

was aware of the implications of energy wastage on the environment and therefore recognise the 

importance of our role in managing energy consumption to promote environmental sustainability and 

cost savings.  

 

Going forward, we intend to reduce energy usage by improving work efficiency in the upcoming years. 

The graph below depicts our energy consumption for FY2020 and FY2019. 

 

 

Moving forward, the Group hopes to progressively improve our energy efficiency and consumption 

level through implementation of energy-saving policies.  

 

 























































13,718,491

4,080,763 

FY2020

FY2019

ENERGY USAGE (KWH)




 

15 

 

 

EMPLOYMENT 

Our people has always been one of the pillars 

of our Group’s sustainable growth. We believe 

in investing in our staff as they are our most 

valuable assets. Their skills and expertise are 

vital to the success of our businesses. Thus, 

attracting and retaining talents are part of our 

Group’s strategy to ensure sustainable growth. 

 

Employment Policy 

 

At LCT, potential employees were subject to a 

fair but rigorous recruitment process to ensure 

that the person with the best fit gets hired for 

the 

job. 

The 

recruitment 

process 

is 

documented in our Human Resource Policy. 

Our Group reviews our Human Resource Policy 

and Procedures regularly to improve and 

enhance our procedures in talent recruitment 

and retention.  

 

High talent retention creates a positive work 

environment, which strengthens employees’ 

commitment to the Group. We continue to 

reward our employees based on merit during 

our annual appraisals exercise and all eligible 

employees will be appraised against their key 

performance indicators. Every employee in LCT 

will be given equal opportunities for career 

advancement throughout their time with us.

For FY2020, all employees in LCT were hired on 

a full-time basis which meant that everyone in 

the company was eligible to partake in the 

annual appraisal exercise and were entitled to 

government benefits such as healthcare 

benefits, maternity leave and parental leave. 

 

 

 

There is no change in the gender mix in Senior 

Management between FY2019 and FY2020. 

For FY2020, there was an increase in male and 

a 

reduction 

in 

female 

non-managerial 

employee making the gender mix among non-

managerial employees more balanced as 

compared to FY2019. 

 

 

 

The Group will continue to emphasize constant 

care for our employees through active 

engagement and team bonding in order to 

create a positive working environment for all.



7

9

17

16

0

5

10

15

20

2019

2020

Number of Employees

FY2019 vs FY2020 by Gender

Female

Male

4

4

0

3

3

3

5

0

14

13

0

10

20

2019

2020

2019

2020

Male

Female

FY2019 vs FY2020 Gender Diversity by 

Employment Category 

Senior

Management

and Managerial

Employee

Non-managerial

employee


 

16 

 

GRI CONTENTS INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference and 

Reasons for Omission, 

if applicable 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures  

Organizational Profile 

102-1 Name of the organisation  

Cover Page 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

Page 3 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

Page 3 

102-4 Location of operations 

Page 3 

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

Page 3 

102-6 Markets served 

Page 3 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

Page 5 &amp; Page 6 

102-8 Information on employees and other workers  

Page 15 

102-9 Supply chain  

Page 7 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

No changes 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

Precautionary approach 

102-12 External initiatives 

 

Page 7 

102-13 Membership of associations 

We will work towards 

reporting this in our 

next report.  

Strategy 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

Page 4 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

Page 5 

Governance 

102-18 Governance structure 

Page 8 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

Page 10 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Page 10 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Page 10 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

Page 11 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Page 6 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Page 3 

102-47 List of material topics 

Page 11 

102-48 Restatements of information 

Not applicable 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

No changes in reporting 

102-50 Reporting period 

Page 3 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

29 November 2019 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

Page 3 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Page 3 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

Page 3 

102-55 GRI content index 

Page 16 

102-56 External assurance 

Page 3 


 

17 

 

GRI CONTENTS INDEX (Cont’d) 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference and 

Reasons for Omission, if 

applicable 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

Economic Performance 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 12 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 201: 

Economic 

Performance 

202-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Anti-Corruption 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 13 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 205: 

Anti-Corruption  

205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and 

procedures 

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

Energy 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 14 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 302: Energy 

302-1 Energy consumption within the organisation 

302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organisation 

302-3 Energy intensity 

302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 

302-5 Reduction in energy requirements of products and services 

Employment 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 15 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 401: 

Employment 

401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover 

401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided 

to temporary or part-time employees 

401-3 Parental leave 

 

 

