
 

 







 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 



Leader Environmental 

Technologies Limited  

 

Sustainability  

Report 2018 

 

 


 

 

1 

 



 

Overview ............................................................................................................... 2 

About this Report and its Contents ................................................................... 2 

Board Statement .................................................................................................. 3 

Our Business ........................................................................................................ 5 

Scale and Structure of the Group ...................................................................... 7 

Notable Memberships ......................................................................................... 9 

Our Supply Chain ............................................................................................. 10 

Our Approach in Determining Material Factors ........................................... 11 

Business Discipline ............................................................................................ 14 

Economic &amp; Environment .................................................................................. 14 

Customer Assessment ....................................................................................... 14 

Supplier Assessment ......................................................................................... 15 

Product Excellence ............................................................................................ 16 

Sales Targets ...................................................................................................... 17 

Social .................................................................................................................. 18 

Occupational Health and Safety ...................................................................... 18 

Human Capital Development ........................................................................... 26 

Governance ......................................................................................................... 28 

Sustainability Governance ............................................................................... 28 

GRI Content Index ............................................................................................. 29 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 


 

 

2 

 









This is Leader Environmental Technologies Limited’s 

(“LEN” or “the Group”) second annual Sustainability 

Report (“the Report”) for the financial year ended 31 

December 2018 (“FY2018”).  

 

The Report will be based on identified and established 

material Economic, Environmental, Social and Governance 

(“ESG”) factors of our business in accordance with the GRI 

Sustainability Reporting Standards: Core Option. 

 

For any queries regarding the report, please contact Mr. 

Lim Poh Yeow, our Chief Financial Officer. 

 

 

 

About this Report and its Contents 

 

Overview 




 

 

3 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

On behalf of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of 

Leader Environmental Technologies Limited, the 

Group is pleased to present its Corporate Sustainability 

Report (“CSR” or “Report”) for the financial year 

ended 31 December 2018. The Group has adopted the 

"comply or explain" approach in the reporting as 

prescribed by SGX. This CSR is also prepared in 

accordance with the GRI Sustainability Reporting 

Standards: Core Option. 

 

Being an environmental solution service provider, 

sustainability has always been in our blood and we will 

always consider sustainability issues in our formulation 

of business strategies. In the industrial wastegas and 

wastewater projects that we do, the Group is dedicated 

to play a pivotal role in helping customers to 

substantially reduce emissions of harmful and toxic 

gases into the environment.  

 

The Group has previously set certain targets based on 

key material Environmental, Social &amp; Governance 

(“ESG”) factors as identified in its maiden report and 

will present an overview and discussions of its 

performance in this year’s Report. We manage our 

ESG risks by using our system of policies and 

procedures.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

In addition, the Group will also be setting targets for 

the next reporting period, which we will strive to 

improve on them year on year. This is basically in line 

with the Group’s strategic plan and objective to build a 

long-term sustainable business. 

 

In recent years, the People's Republic of China 

(“PRC”) government has demonstrated its resolve and 

seriousness 

in 

enforcing 

and 

tightening 

its 

environmental laws to crack down on pollution.  

 

Backed by favourable national policies, the Group 

endeavours to undertake more industrial wastegas and 

wastewater projects in 2019 and beyond. It also plans 

to expand its capacity and capability to embark and 

deliver larger scale industrial wastegas and wastewater 

projects. To do that, we must continue to invest in our 

workforce and R&amp;D activities.      

 

As the saying goes, an organisation is as good as its 

people. Hence, it is important to invest in building a 

strong and happy workforce. Enhancing the well-being 

of employees, by looking at their mental, psychological 

or emotional aspects of life, and then taking into 

consideration their job satisfaction, health and 

professional development, is an effective approach in 

strengthening the Group’s overall performance.  

Board Statement 

 




 

 

4 

 

 

Accordingly, the Group’s employment practices and 

HR policies have to be reviewed constantly to ensure 

they remain fair and relevant. Safety at work place is 

also viewed as equally important by Management and 

should not be compromised at all times. The appointed 

project managers will spare no effort in conducting 

safety checks and trainings to ensure zero accidents at 

work sites.  

 

In this knowledge-based economy where knowledge is 

a significant resource, many companies experienced 

increased competitions for more highly skilled 

workers. Hence, to stay ahead of our competitors, the 

Group plans to earmark more funding for internal and 

external trainings to ensure that the Group’s employees 

are equipped with the necessary skills and knowledge 

to perform their work well. The skilling of employees 

is vital as it helps to boost business performance, 

motivation and staff morale. This is also likely to instill 

more loyalty in the workforce than having to waste 

unnecessarily the time and resources on recruitment 

exercise as a result of high staff turnover. 

 

The Group operates in a fast-changing business 

environment. Hence, it must continuously evolve and 

innovate. The environmental industry will face more 

stringent emission requirements and the emission 

standards for various industrial wastegas are likely to 

tighten further in the near future as the PRC 

government strives to improve air quality in China. In 

light of this, the Group has to intensify its Research &amp; 

Development (“R&amp;D”) efforts to upgrade existing and 

develop better technologies and systems in order to 

fulfil the higher stipulated emission requirements.     

 

 

 

In conclusion, the Group will be committing more 

resources to perform what is necessary for its 

environment and business. In addition, it also plans to 

engage and work closely with its key stakeholders to 

ensure that their expectations are met, which will 

eventually help to achieve the Group’s goals and 

objectives. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Board Statement 


 

 

5 

 

The Group’s customer base for FY2018 remains similar to FY2017. Our head office is located in Changchun, Jilin 

province and we serve a wide variety of clients spanning across different sectors and industries in the region. As 

disclosed in FY2017, the Group planned to set up sales offices in the Shanghai and Fuzhou markets. In FY2018, 

the Group managed to initiate discussions with potential customers but the finalisation of the projects in these 

regions are still in the early stages. 

For FY2019, we aim to build on our progress and to continue making inroads to penetrate the Shanghai and Fuzhou 

regions, further expanding our roles in contributing to a greener environment in areas we operate. 

Table 1 – Clients by different regions 

 

 

 

 

Table 2 – Clients by different industries 

 

 

 

 

 





Our Business 

 


 

 

6 

 

In FY2018, the highest revenue contributors were from heating supply companies compared with steel makers in 

FY2017. This was due to the completion of the Group’s obligations for a big scale contract from a steel maker in 

FY2017. For FY2018, we completed multiple smaller scale contracts with heating supplies companies, primarily 

from the Northern region where there are many heating supply companies that provide heating to industrial 

companies and households during the winter period. Table 1 illustrates the shift in the highest revenue contributing 

customer type. 

 

Table 1 – Revenue contribution for the year FY2017 and FY2018 

 

 

Revenue from “Others” are made up of customers such as airport operators, manufacturing plants, construction 

companies and food processing companies. In FY2018, there was no revenue contributed by steel makers as the 

main contract for a steel maker was completed in year FY2017. No other contracts for steel makers were obtained 

in FY2018 as the profit margin is low.  

The shift in customer base can be attributed to the Group’s sales strategy of focusing more on better margins and 

payment terms rather than on a specific sector in the industry. We have the expertise to customise our solutions to 

the needs of different customers, and this helps to reduce our over-reliance on any specific industry. 

 

 

 

 









18%





51%





31%

Revenue in FY2017 

Energy - Heat

Supply

Manufacturing -

Steel Maker

Others









42%





0%





58%

Revenue in FY2018

Energy - Heat

supply

Manufacturing -

Steel Maker

Others

Our Business 

 


 

 

7 

 

As indicated in our Annual Report’s tagline “Overcoming challenges”, FY2018 was a tough year for us. With the 

monetary tightening by the central bank of China in the early part of FY2018, substantial work cannot commence 

due to delays in securing contracts, resulting in a hit to our revenue and operating results.  

With the delays in projects, the number of subcontractors (i.e. non-employees) we engaged were also drastically 

lower compared with FY2017.  

The ratio of male to female staff remains similar to the previous year. We achieved one of our targets of rejuvenating 

our workforce by adding a considerable number of younger personnel to boost our full-time staff strength. Below 

is a snapshot of the components mentioned above depicted in figures: 

 

 

 

 

Scale and Structure of 

the Group 







80%





15%





5%

Industrial

wastegas

Industrial

wastewater

Design contract



Net Sales 

RMB53.8

million 



Revenue breakdown by contract type 

Full time staff breakdown: 

Other staff: 

FY2017: 

Total capitalisation approximately RMB174.4 million 

(RMB44.4 million from equity, RMB130.0 million from debts) 

FY2017: 

Full time staff: 75 

Non-employees involved 

at work sites: 358 

Total 

Capitalisation

RMB162.8 

million

RMB32.8 million 

Equity

RMB130.0 million 

Debt



 



Net Profit/(Loss) 

RMB(10.3) million 

FY2017: 

Net sales approximately RMB119.4 million 

Net profit/(loss) approximately RMB13.4 million 


 

 

8 

 

Board of Directors Composition: 

Mdm Zang Linying relinquished her duties as the Finance 

Director on 22 January 2018. She handed over the responsibilities 

of the overall financial management, accounting matters and 

administrative functions of the Group to the Chief Financial 

Officer, supported by the Group Accountant. She subsequently 

resigned from the Board on 3 May 2018. 

To further support the Chief Financial Officer and Group 

Accountant on the responsibilities handed over by Mdm Zang, the 

Group will hire a Finance Manager. 

FY2017: 

 

 

FY2018:  

Staff Composition: 

During FY2018, the Group boosted the full-time staff strength to 

90.  

There is a significant change in our key management personnel as 

disclosed in our announcement. The Group’s Deputy Chief 

Executive Officer (“CEO”), Dr. Kung Chi Kang, and General 

Manager, Mr. Gu Zheng, resigned in FY2018.  

The Group is still in the process of identifying suitable successors 

by looking internally and externally for suitable candidates. Dr. 

Kung’s duties are covered by the CEO and Mr. Gu’s duties are 

taken up by our Deputy General Manager. 

FY2017: 

FY2018: 

Net Sales: 

 

We have worked on more contracts due to the stricter enforcement 

of the environmental law. However, we were unable to perform 

substantial work on the order book of RMB89.4million before 

winter due to delays in securing these contracts and this affected 

our revenue significantly for FY2018.  

To undertake larger scale government related projects, one of our 

subsidiaries changed its name to Jilin Anjie New Energy Group 

Co., Ltd (formally known as Jilin Anjie New Energy Power 

Generation Co,. Ltd) in June 2018. With the change, the principal 

activities of the subsidiary expanded to include water pollution 

control; design and construction works relating to remediation of 

rivers and lakes, main contractor for municipal public projects; 

soil pollution control and restoration services; and heat supply 

engineering construction and design works. There is no change in 

our Group structure. 

FY2017: 

 

 

FY2018:  

 

 

 

3 Males  

2 Females 

3 Males  

1 Females 

Femal 

Full-time 

employee: 75  

(70% Male to 

30% Female) 

Employees 

Aged 40 Years 

and below 

added: 2 

Full-time 

employee: 90  

(70% Male to 

30% Female) 

Employees 

Aged 40 Years 

and below 

added: 26 

 

RMB 

119.8million 

RMB 

53.8million 

Scale and Structure of 

the Group 


 

 

9 

 

As disclosed in the FY2017 Sustainability 

Report, the Group is a member of the 

Provincial 

Environmental 

Protection 

Industry Association of the Jilin province 

(“Association”). The Association solicits 

opinions on local laws and regulations and 

relevant governmental decisions and law 

promulgated 

by 

National 

People's 

Congress 

and 

propose 

necessary 

amendments; participate in legislative 

research and research projects organized 

by the special committees of the Provincial 

People's Congress and the working 

organizations of the Standing Committee; 

and gather feedback in respect of  

legislative proposals and requirements 

including feedback on difficulties encountered during the implementation of laws and regulations, and propose 

amendments and improvements.  

 

Key developments in FY2018 

In FY2018, we continue to participate in meetings and conferences held by the Association to keep up to date with 

any developments in the industry. Below are the areas of growth identified by the Association.

 

 

 

 



Notable Memberships 




 

 

10 

 

The Group’s supply chain structure remains relatively similar to FY2017. Below is the summary of the key aspects 

of the Group’s supply chain. 

 

Key developments in FY2018 relates to impairment of retention monies the Group had paid to customers as disclosed 

in our announcements. Due to stricter monetary policies, some customers faced cashflow issues and were unable to 

repay the retention monies. Going forward, we do not expect changes to the supply chain characteristics but we will 

be more selective of the projects we take on. 

As we have established good working relationships with our key suppliers whom we have business dealings with 

many years, we managed to build the trust which enable them to support us during good and bad times. Hence, for 

our prepayments and advances made to our suppliers, we are confident of collecting back any residual monies and 

pay our trade creditors upon project completion. 

 



Our Supply Chain 


 

 

11 

 

Our Approach in Determining Material Factors 

The Group adopts the same approach as disclosed in our maiden sustainability report in FY2017. We use a 4-Step 

Approach to identify and assess potential factors. 

 

Identification 

We identified our sustainability issues based on our understanding of the Group’s environment by gathering 

information through engaging with our key stakeholders in various medium as illustrated below: 

 





Our Approach 










 

 

12 

 

Prioritisation and Validation 

We assess and prioritise our material Economic, Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) factors in order of 

their significance to both our stakeholders as well as to our business. We have further obtained information on the 

materiality assessment with our key stakeholders and prioritised the potential significant ESG factors; based on the 

feedback received from our key stakeholders, we have retained the same material ESG factors in FY2018. 

 

Materiality 

The ranking of our material ESG factors was performed based on two parameters: importance to key stakeholders 

and impact on the Group’s business. Through research and validation, review and materiality assessment, we decide 

on the material factors we consider appropriate to concentrate on.  Based on our approach and assessment, we have 

identified the following material ESG factors which are still relevant and which matter most to us: 

 

 

 

Our Approach 




 

 

13 

 

We ranked our material ESG factors as depicted in the ESG Materiality Matrix below. 

 

  ESG Materiality Matrix 

 

The Group’s material issues remain the same as in FY2018 with the exception of the swop in the top two most 

material issues. Due to the monetary tightening of the central bank of China in FY2018 which exerted pressures on 

our working capital, “Business Discipline” has replaced “Product Excellence” as our most material issue. The Group 

has the responsibility to all our stakeholders, and hence, maintaining tight business discipline is crucial for the 

Group’s sustenance so that we can continue to serve the different stakeholders’ needs. 

 

 



Our Approach 


 

 

14 

 

Business Discipline 

In FY2018, business discipline became our most material ESG factor due to changes in our operating environment. 

The Group has to be selective and take on projects that offer better gross profit margins and payments terms given 

our working capital constraints and challenges in collecting receivables due to the Group as some of our customers 

are severely impacted by the tightening policy. As disclosed in our announcement, the Group also decided to impair 

some of the retention monies due to be returned to us as the customers were unable to return them even though the 

retention period has expired.  

 

Consequently, the Group has to maintain a prudent and disciplined approach in planning, managing and utilising its 

limited resources in FY2018. We also embarked on cost cutting measures to rein in business costs.  A detailed cost 

budget is prepared for each potential tender project, taking into account equitable profit allowance according to the 

nature and complexity of the work to be performed, and also taking into account prevailing market factors. If budget 

costing is not able to achieve the expected rate of return, the Group will not participate in the tender. This has been 

our approach to achieve positive and reasonable returns for our projects. 

 

Moving forward, the Group is exploring public-private partnership projects with third-parties, financial institutions 

and government agencies. We are targeting wastewater related projects which have reasonably higher margins and 

their operation and maintenance segments will provide regular, stable and long-term cash flows to the Group. The 

Group will evaluate the financial and operational requirements before deciding on whether to venture into such 

partnerships. 

 

Customer Assessment 

Our criteria for customer assessment include the analysis of the return on investment (ROI), profit margin, and 

customer’s financial track record and reputation. 

Our Group's sales strategy is to source for projects with better margins and payment terms. This strategy still remains 

relevant in this business climate. We have also performed more background checks on the customers in light of the 

slowing economy in China. The debtors aging had increased from approximately 30 days in FY2017 to 81 days in 

FY2018.  The sales staff have followed up closely with the customers and regular visits were made to address any 

potential payment issues. The Group also strategised to have milestone payments in our projects to improve our 

collection terms. 

For long overdue debts, the Group will consider serving legal letters or seeking recourse. For new customers, the 

Group will check on their credit rating. We will not work with a customer with poor credit rating even if the project 

profit margin is high. 

 

 

Economic &amp; 

Environment 




 

 

15 

 

Supplier Assessment 

For FY2018, our supplier assessment criteria remains the same despite the change in business climate because we 

have been working with these established suppliers for more than 5 years and have established a very good working 

relationship. 

As reported in Sustainability Report 2017, our supplier assessments are based on both financial and non-financial 

factors to ensure a holistic assessment.  

 

One of the key criteria in supplier assessment is the supplier's ability to supply quality steel materials and fabric bags 

that can meet the stringent requirements for the purpose of treatment of harmful wastegas. 

Prior to appointment of potential new suppliers, our purchasing manager does the following customer evaluation: 

a. Obtain either the supplier’s management accounts or audited financial statement to assess and evaluate their 

financial positions to check whether the suppliers have the financial means to fulfil their commitments.   

b. Conduct visits to suppliers to perform detailed check and observation of their establishments.  Factors 

considered in the checking of potential new supplier’s establishment includes sustainability, reputation, 

reliability, quality, and delivery lead time; and  

c. Conduct due diligence by engaging with other business contacts who have business dealings with these 

potential suppliers for reference check.  

We will only work with established suppliers in the city or province where our projects are based. We have been 

working with these established suppliers for more than 5 years and have established a stable and reliable working 

relationship. 

Going forward, we will also conduct checks on the suppliers' background to ensure that they have not breached any 

environmental laws or perform any act that is harmful to the society before dealings with them.  



Economic &amp; 

Environment 




 

 

16 

 

fffff 

Product Excellence 

 

 

 

The PRC government's continuing resolve to crack down on pollution with more environmental bureaus deployed to 

perform inspection on factories and companies in FY2018 presents direct business opportunities for the Group. 

Companies that fail to meet regulatory requirements are penalised heavily.  

However, these opportunities are neutralised by the monetary tightening of the central bank of China in FY2018 

since companies were less able to embark on capital expenditures as the likelihood of getting funding were drastically 

reduced.  

Nonetheless, the Group endeavors to keep up its efforts in retaining the above positive attributes so that we can 

continue to play a pivotal role in helping customers to substantially reduce emissions of harmful and toxic gases into 

the environment.  

 







 

Simple and compact 

• 

The simplicity and compactness of our dust elimination 

and desulphurisation technological systems help our 

customers save space when these systems are 

constructed with the new power plants or industrial 

boilers as they can be easily fitted into the old or existing 

power plants and industrial boilers, which typically have 

limited space.  

Lower energy consumption 

• 

The systems in operation consume less energy.  

Longer shelf life of fabric dust bags 

• 

The fabric dust bag of our dust elimination system is 

durable and can be used for a longer period of time.  Cost 

of maintenance for both systems is low.  

Higher treatment efficiency rates and lower 

emission rates 

• 

Our dust elimination and desulphurisation systems have 

wastegas treatment efficiency rates of up to 99.9% and 

more than 90%, respectively. Both systems have the 

capabilities of achieving emissions of 10 mg/Nm3 and 35 

mg/Nm3, respectively, which are significantly lower 

than the stipulated national emission standards of 30 

mg/Nm3 and 200 mg/Nm3, respectively.   

 

 

 

 

Economic &amp; 

Environment 




 

 

17 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

FY2017: The bulk of our revenue in FY2017 was 

generated from 12 wastegas treatment contracts and 3 

wastewater treatment contracts. 

FY2018 Target: As disclosed in the Sustainability 

Report 2017, the Group intends to increase its 

participation in tenders for industrial wastegas and 

wastewater contracts.  

The strong emphasis by the PRC government to curb 

pollution, coupled by the tightening of environmental 

policies with more on-going inspections, have boosted 

the environmental industry. As a result, more contracts 

are made available for tenders which give us the added 

optimism. Hence, the Group targets to achieve the same 

number of contracts in FY2018. 

FY2018: The Group FY2018’s sales were mainly 

spillover from uncompleted contracts in FY2017. The 

decrease in revenue was mainly attributed to delays in 

securing contracts due to, among other factors, monetary 

tightening by the PRC central bank. Money tightening of 

the central bank of China has affected many companies’ 

ability to get loans from the central bank, thus, impacting 

cash flows. 

More contracts were made available due to the stringent 

checks performed, but the Group has been selective in 

taking on contracts that can offer good profit margins and 

payment terms. 

FY2019 Target: Sales from wastegas projects have been 

a challenge to the Group as they face intense competition 

from their competitors in the field. 

The Group is exploring public-private partnership 

projects with third parties, financial institutions and 

government agencies in the next 12-18 months as the 

gross profit margins generated for the wastewater related 

projects can be reasonably higher. Moreover, its 

operation and maintenance segments will provide 

regular, stable and long-term cash flows to the Group. 

The financial institutions are keen to participate and 

provide substantial part of the funding to finance the 

construction of these plants and facilities as the assets 

can be used as collaterals. This will help to relieve the 

financial burden on the Group. Management is reviewing 

and 

evaluating 

the 

financial 

and 

operational 

requirements before reaching a decision whether to 

venture into such partnerships. 

Sales Targets  










 

 

18 

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

Occupational Health and Safety ("OHS") remains one of our top most material topics affecting the Group’s 

sustainability as the Group strongly believed that safety at the workplace should not be compromised at all times. 

In delivering our solutions to treat industrial wastegas and wastewater, OHS impacts occur mostly at the Group’s 

project sites, involving our workers as well as the socio-ecological environment surrounding the project sites.  

Even though we engaged less subcontractors in FY2018, they still made up 81% of all workers whose work and 

workplace are within our controls. Hence, it is our responsibility to ensure they stay safe while working at our 

worksites. This remains a key challenge for us; managing the OHS for the subcontractors who are not directly under 

our control. 

To manage this risk, we have the dedicated Health and Safety (“HS”) Department to manage all OHS matters. The 

HS Department’s responsibilities include designing, implementing and promoting the OHS management system as 

well as handling OHS grievances and whistleblowing.  

Our approach to OHS is largely influenced based on prevention. Our target is to achieve zero-accident which we 

have achieved again this year.  

Well-designed and implemented systematic mechanisms, through an OHS Management System, enable us to identify 

and prevent OHS threats early. 

This commitment of resources by LEN is appropriate to the materiality of OHS on our sustainability. 

 



Social 




 

 

19 

 

Hazard Identification 

Hazard identification is crucial in ensuring early prevention and intervention. They are strategically implemented in 

3 critical areas as shown below.  

 

In addition, the Group also set up a reward system to encourage timely rectification of any safety lapse observed. 

While this has yet to make any positive contribution, we are heartened to know that our safety officers have been 

rectifying potential safety hazards at worksites even before the deployment of workers. The safety officers are 

involved at both the pre-project commencement and operations areas to provide additional safeguards to ensuring 

hazard-free work sites.  

 



Occupational Health 

and Safety 




 

 

20 

 

Pre-Employment 

Prior to the commencement of employment, employees are required to go through training on workplace safety. The 

training covers the common workplace hazards and appropriate approach to specific work site situations that forms 

part of our safety regulation at our project sites.  

In situations where specialised equipment needs to be used, the Project Manager or Safety Officer verifies whether 

the worker (including subcontractor) tasked to operate the specialised equipment is certified to handle the equipment 

prior to deployment of the worker.  

 

 

Pre-Project Commencement 

Our site visits prior to undertaking new projects involve evaluation on the suitability of the area to be used as a project 

site and check whether safety measures can be taken to mitigate risks posed to the surrounding area.  

 

 

 







Occupational Health 

and Safety 




 

 

21 

 

Incident Reporting 

During the course of operations, all OHS incidents are to be reported, investigated and endorsed by all relevant 

personnel in the Hierarchy of Responsibility below: 

 

 





Occupational Health 

and Safety 




 

 

22 

 

The incident reporting mechanism enables the HS department to evaluate our OHS processes by analysing incident 

reports on a monthly basis. These incident reports continually add on to the shared OHS knowledge pool within the 

organisation which can be tapped on when required. 

The incident reports are also collated for the year and submitted to the local Bureau of Work Safety on an annual 

basis for external assessment.  

Our OHS Management System is compliant with the following legislations: 

 

 



Occupational Health 

and Safety 




 

 

23 

 

OHS Communication 

Safety Officers are appointed and stationed at project sites to 

facilitate investigation of safety hazards on-site. They also 

serve as the point of contact for safety issues at the project 

sites. 

Compulsory daily briefing and inspection sessions prior to the 

start of each work shift is a key touch point with workers 

(including 

subcontractors) 

with 

regards 

to 

OHS 

communication at project sites. 

A workers' union meeting is held every quarter where workers 

are represented in joint management-worker health and safety 

issues, concerns and welfare of the workers are discussed with 

the management. 

A key development highlighted by the union this year was the 

implementation of a mutual financial assistance guarantee 

scheme to support union members affected by major illness or 

injuries due to accidents occurred at the work place or project 

sites. Union members that subscribed to it are eligible for a 

lump sum payout to provide for their sustenance in the event 

of any covered incidents. 

In FY2018, the Group also conducted 4 training sessions for workers covering topics such as the Group’s code of 

conduct, workflow training and familiarisation, work skill training and soft skills such as cultivating proper mindset 

and attitude towards safety and work. We target to conduct at least 4 training sessions per year to train new workers 

and also serve as refresher training for existing workers. 

For subcontractors at our project sites, we ensure our OHS coverage by requiring all our subcontractors to sign an 

agreement that workers sent to our work sites have to abide by our health and safety policies. 

We also have a whistle-blowing policy in place to encourage the identification and reporting of OHS hazards by 

workers at work sites without fear of adverse consequences. Consequently, there will also be severe penalties for the 

misuse of this policy to discourage falsehoods and untruths. 

 

 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 






 

 

24 

 

Care for our workers 

Our projects can range from three to six months or may last up to two to three years (depending on the scale of the 

project). We have to ensure that accommodations for our workers are adequately set up at each project site. 

We provide canteens and housings for workers based at 

project work sites. Our project managers ensure that all 

other necessary facilities such as sanitary installations are 

set up to ensure proper living condition for our workers 

stationed at the work site throughout the project period.   

We also include in our policies rules for the prohibition of 

alcohol consumption, gambling and drug abuse at our 

work sites to promote the mental health of our workers. 

Frequent checks are conducted on a random basis at the 

accommodation areas to ensure that there are no illegal 

activities (i.e. consumption of alcohol, gambling and drug 

abuse) that may lead to poor mental well-being. 

For safety, first aid items (i.e. medications like cold and flu medicines, drugs for weak stomach, adhesive bandages, 

gauze, antiseptic, etc.) are stored and easily accessible to the workers at the project-site. The effectiveness and 

replenishment of stock of the first aid medications is be monitored by the project managers. 

In addition to compliance with the relevant PRC laws and regulations relating to social welfare insurance, we have 

also taken social insurance coverage, namely the unemployment insurance, medical insurance, work-related injury 

insurance and pension insurance for our employees.  

Furthermore, we have taken maternity insurance for our female employees and we utilise part of the union funds for 

workers’ health check. In FY2018, the Group also arranged health check for all our employees with the cost fully 

borne by us. 

 

 

 

 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 






 

 

25 

 

OHS Coverage 

The Group provides 100% coverage for all workers at workplaces controlled by us. As subcontractors form a 

huge part of our labor force, we recognise and assume our responsibility in providing OHS support for them. 

The numbers of each type of workers covered under our OHS Management System for the current year and 

prior year can be seen below: 

FY2017: 

 

FY2018: 

 

The major decrease in workers covered is in line with the substantial decrease in revenue due to delays in 

securing contracts. Moreover, the bulk of the subcontractors in FY2017 was for a large-scale contract with a 

steel maker which have been completed, thus we do not need to engage as many subcontractors in FY2018. 

Non-employees (subcontractors) remain the majority of the type of workers covered under our OHS 

Management System. 

 

 





Occupational Health 

and Safety 




 

 

26 

 

Our people and their skills are our greatest asset. In addition to providing a safe environment to work and deliver 

results, it is equally important for the Group to ensure that they are well-equipped with the skills to match our needs 

and goals.  

Our approach to Human Capital Development is to ensure the sufficiency and relevance of Training and Education 

received by our employees. Hence, this year the Group has focused its Human Capital Development efforts for 

workers in the design, finance and operations departments who play critical roles for the Group to achieve its 

objectives. We feel that this is a more effective approach as compared to last year where the training efforts were less 

focused.  

Due to the dynamism and continuing developments affecting these departments, continuing education and training 

ensure that these departments stay competent and competitive within the industry ensuring the sustainability of the 

Group within the industry. 

An annual training plan is designed based on this strategy by assessing the competency gap between the environment 

and existing competency, as well as considering the end-of-training feedback from the prior year’s training completed. 

The training and education provided for our employees for FY2018 can be seen below: 

The training plan for FY2017 was less focused 

for each department and provided an overall of 

83 hours of broad training for every employee 

compared with an overall of 126 hours in 

FY2018. 

This year, we have designed training programs 

suited for each respective department such as 

continuous education for accountants and tax 

related courses for the Finance team, social 

insurance related courses for Admin &amp; 

Operations team and technical courses for new 

technology over wastewater treatments for the 

Design team. 

 

 

Human Capital 

Development 






 

 

27 

 

As disclosed in FY2017, the Group sees succession planning as a key aspect of our talent management strategy and 

our long-term sustainability. With a majority of our key executive officers at near or past their retirement age, the 

Group knows and understands the critical need to rejuvenate the team with younger members. 

Hence, the target set in FY2017 was to recruit younger 

candidates with the relevant experience and drive from 

outside the organisation. To ensure a smooth transition 

process, the old guards are retained by the company for a 

short period of time as consultants to mentor the younger 

talents to become future leaders of the Group.     

We are pleased to report that we have successfully added 

26 new employees (aged below 40 years old) in FY2018 

as compared to only 2 employees added in FY2017. The 

young 

employees 

are 

engineers, 

safety 

officers, 

mechanics, quality control staff and project managers. 

 

 

Human Capital 

Development 






 

 

28 

 

Sustainability Governance 

 

The Sustainability Committee is headed by the Group’s Deputy General Manager, Xu Shulin, who provides overall 

oversight and accountability over the sustainability efforts of the Group.  

The Sustainability Committee reviews the Group's existing practices on a strategic level to see if further 

improvements can be made on certain areas which may have a significant impact on the environment, social and 

economic aspects. 

The Sustainability Committee represents a conscious effort by our Group in managing our sustainability issues by 

assigning responsibility of oversight and direction setting in sustainability issues and strategies. 

 

 

 

 



Governance 


 

 

29 

 

GRI Standards 

GRI No. 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure Title  

SR ref: 

102-1 

General Disclosures 

Name of the organization 

3 

102-2 

General Disclosures 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

3,16 

102-3 

General Disclosures 

Location of headquarters 

5 

102-4 

General Disclosures 

Location of operations 

5 

102-5 

General Disclosures 

Ownership and legal form 

3 

102-6 

General Disclosures 

Markets served 

5 

102-7 

General Disclosures 

Scale of the organization 

7,8 

102-8 

General Disclosures 

Information on employees and other workers 

7,8 

102-9 

General Disclosures 

Supply chain 

10 

102-10 

General Disclosures 

Significant changes to the organization and 

its supply chain 

10 

102-11 

General Disclosures 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

11 

102-12 

General Disclosures 

External initiatives 

9,21 

102-13 

General Disclosures 

Membership of associations  

9 

102-14 

General Disclosures 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

3,4 

102-16 

General Disclosures 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behavior  

3,4 

102-18 

General Disclosures 

Governance structure  

27 

102-40 

General Disclosures 

List of stakeholder groups  

11 

102-42 

General Disclosures 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders  

11 

102-43 

General Disclosures 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

11,12 

102-44 

General Disclosures 

Key topics and concerns raised 

13 

102-45 

General Disclosures 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements  

2 

102-46 

General Disclosures 

Defining report content and topic Boundaries  2 

102-47 

General Disclosures 

List of material topics  

13 

102-48 

General Disclosures 

Restatements of information 

2 

102-49 

General Disclosures 

Changes in reporting  

2 

102-50 

General Disclosures 

Reporting period  

2 

102-51 

General Disclosures 

Date of most recent report  

2 

102-52 

General Disclosures 

Reporting cycle 

2 

102-53 

General Disclosures 

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report  

2 

102-54 

General Disclosures 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

2 

102-55 

General Disclosures 

GRI content index 

29,30 

201-2 

Economic Performance 

Financial implications and other risks and 

opportunities due to climate change 

16 

GRI Content Index 


 

 

30 

 

308-1 

Supplier Environmental 

Assessment  

New suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria 

15 

403-1 

Occupational Health and 

Safety 

Occupational health and safety management 

system 

18 

403-2 

Occupational Health and 

Safety 

Hazard identifiication, risk assessment, and 

incident investigation 

19 

403-3 

Occupational Health and 

Safety 

Occupational health services 

20 -24 

403-4 

Occupational Health and 

Safety 

Worker participation, consultation, and 

communication on occupational health and 

safety 

23-24 

403-5 

Occupational Health and 

Safety 

Worker training on occupational health and 

safety 

23 

403-6 

Occupational Health and 

Safety 

Promotion of worker health 

24 

403-7 

Occupational Health and 

Safety 

Prevention and mitigation of occupational 

health and safety impacts directly linked by 

business relationships 

20-24 

403-8 

Occupational Health and 

Safety 

Workers covered by an occupational health 

and safety management system 

25 

404-1 

Training and Education 

Average hours of training per year per 

employee 

26 

404-2 

Training and Education 

Programs for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programs 

26 

 

GRI Content Index 

