


SHOP

Open

GLASS

PLASTIC

METAL

PAPER

LHN LIMITED 賢能集團有限公司*

Stock Codes: Singapore - 41O Hong Kong - 1730 

(incorporated in the Republic of Singapore with limited liability)

*For identification purpose only

SUSTAINABILITY

REPORT




CONTENTS

I. OUR BUSINESS  ................................................................................................ 2

II. ABOUT THIS REPORT ........................................................................................ 3

III. CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE ..................................................................................... 4

IV. SUSTAINABILITY PROGRESS IN FY2019 ............................................................ 5

V. SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN ................................................................................... 6

 

(A) SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE .................................................................... 6

 

(B) STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT ...................................................................... 7

 

(C) OVERVIEW OF LHN’S SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH ........................................ 8

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS ................................................................... 10

APPENDIX A. ENTITIES INCLUDED IN THE GROUP’S SUSTAINABILITY REPORT ...... 25

APPENDIX B. METHODOLOGICAL REVIEW &amp; DATA BOUNDARIES ............................ 26

APPENDIX C. GRI CONTENT INDEX  ....................................................................... 28

APPENDIX D. HKEX ESG REPORTING GUIDE INDEX ............................................... 30






OUR BUSINESS

Incorporated and headquartered in Singapore, LHN Limited (“LHN” or the 

“Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is a real estate 

management and logistics service provider with a history dating back to 1991. 

In 2015, the Group was listed on Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Limited 

(“SGX”), followed by a dual primary listing on the Main Board of The Stock 

Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“HKEX”) in 2017. The Group, together with 

its three core business segments – Space Optimisation Business, Facilities 

Management Business and Logistics Services Business, now has operations in 

Singapore, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Thailand, Myanmar and Malaysia.

Overall, our integrated supply chain includes more than 900 suppliers; 

comprising both government agencies as well as private companies. To that end, 

we are committed to establishing mutually beneficial relationships with credible 

suppliers, whilst exercising care in managing the environmental and social risks 

within our supply chain, so as to ensure reliable, high quality and cost-effective 

services and products that is sustainable for our business in the long-term. LHN is 

also considering to establish a policy to better manage environmental and social 

risks of our supply chain in the future.

A Space Resource Optimisation

Company that Generates Value and is

Driven by Technology.

MISSION

We Create Productive 

Environments

VISION

 Prudence

 Efficiency

 Accountability

CORE VALUES





SPACE 

OPTIMISATION

Creating productive 

environments by 

refurbishments and 

space planning, 

and leasing 

optimised units to 

tenants.

LOGISTICS 

SERVICES

Transportation of 

base oil, bitumen, 

and chemicals, 

and operating 

container depot 

related services.

FACILITIES 

MANAGEMENT

Cleaning, 

landscaping, pest 

control, repair 

and maintenance, 

and carpark 

management.


ABOUT THIS REPORT

REPORTING SCOPE

This is LHN’s third sustainability report which covers the financial year ended 30 September 2019 (“FY2019”). The report is 

prepared in compliance with the Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Reporting Guide as set out in Appendix 27 

to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) issued 

by HKEX, and the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of the Catalist 

listing rule 711A and 711B which draws on the guidance set out by the SGX-ST Practice Note 7F Sustainability Reporting 

Guide.

The report covers the management approach and performance of material ESG factors of headquarter and operations of our 

subsidiaries in three major business segments in Singapore. During FY2019, LHN has completed the disposal of the security 

services business under the Facilities Management Business and as such, the security services business has been excluded 

from the scope of reporting from the date of disposal. More details about the subsidiaries included in this report can be found 

in Appendix A which represent 88% of the Group’s revenue for FY2019.

REPORTING STANDARDS

The report is prepared in accordance to Global Reporting Initiatives (“GRI”) Standards: Core option. The GRI standards is 

an internationally recognised framework and has been selected by the Group for its universal application for reporting on a 

range of economic, environmental and social performance. GRI reporting principles have been adopted for defining LHN’s 

sustainability reporting content and quality.

ADOPTED GRI REPORTING PRINCIPLES FOR DEFINING LHN’S SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING CONTENT AND QUALITY

STAKEHOLDER 

INCLUSIVENESS

Stakeholder Engagement

The report addresses not only the significant ESG impacts of our businesses’ operations, but 

also takes into consideration key interests of our stakeholders.

SUSTAINABILITY 

CONTEXT

LHN’s Sustainability Approach – Sustainability context

In developing our sustainability approach, LHN takes into consideration:

(1) International commitment on climate change and unique local environmental concern

(2) Sustainability concerns relevant to the industries that the Group operates in

(3) Changes in tenants’ perception on value of space and the increasing demand for healthier 

and greener working environment

MATERIALITY

LHN’s Sustainability Approach – Material matters

Our material matters are determined based on the significance of impacts of our business 

and expectations of both external and internal stakeholders, through a formal materiality 

assessment workshop conducted by an external consultant in November 2017. The 

material matters were reviewed during the year and deemed relevant to the business for this 

sustainability report.

COMPLETENESS, 

BALANCE, 

QUANTITATIVE, 

ACCURACY, 

CONSISTENCY. 

COMPARABILITY, 

RELIABILITY AND 

CLARITY

Performance and Highlights

This report aims to present accurate, unbiased, reliable and consistent data and metrics that 

can be easily understood by all and serves as a way for us to monitor our performance on a 

year-to-year basis.

TIMELINESS

Five months from the financial year end

Our standalone Sustainability Report is published within five months from the financial year 

end, in compliance with both SGX and HKEX Reporting Rules.

Please refer to Appendix B. Methodological Review and Data Boundaries for the definition, including the data units and 

explanation for the data boundaries in this report, Appendix C. GRI Content Index which summarises our data and information 

disclosed as per GRI Standards requirements and Appendix D. HKEX ESG Reporting Guide Index as per HKEX ESG 

requirements. For any enquiry related to this report, please contact enquiry@lhngroup.com.sg.

3 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019




Dear Stakeholders,

At LHN, we are committed to the long-term sustainability 

development of our business, with focus placed on four main 

pillars; namely, Protecting our Environment, Safeguarding 

Health and Safety, Cultivating Strong Business Values and 

Creating A Fair Workplace.

We seek to embed sustainability practices in the Group’s 

everyday operation and align sustainability goals with 

the overall Group’s strategic directions which is to create 

productive and innovative spaces, as well as, sustainable 

value for our stakeholders. A monitoring system is in place to 

ensure the business is on track to achieve those goals and to 

continuously improve our performance in key ESG material 

matters.

DELIVERING QUALITY THROUGH OUR EMPLOYEES

Human capital remains the most valued resource to our 

company. At LHN, we strive to build on existing attributes of 

our workplace, such as, fairness, diverse and collaborative, 

as well as, cultivate a safe and equitable work environment 

for all our employees. Talent development is also a key 

focus of the Group, as we continuously aim to deliver 

quality products and exceptional services to our customer 

base. Our customer satisfaction survey scores, which have 

consecutively achieved 80% and more over a three-year 

period for our Logistics Services, Space Optimisation and 

Facilities Management Businesses is a testament to our 

commitment to deliver.

MAINTAINING STRONG CORPORATE GOVERNANCE &amp; 

INFORMATION SECURITY

LHN believes that the crux of a sustainable business is to 

have the right business ethics, values, corporate governance 

and risk management. In FY2019, the Group has zero 

incidents involving anti-corruption. Further to that, with 

information security increasingly becoming an area of 

concern, the Group has invested in penetration tests and 

monitoring tools during the year to ensure the robustness of 

our network’s security in safeguarding confidential data of 

our business’, employees’ and customers’ alike.

TRANSITIONING TO A LOW CARBON FUTURE

In FY2019, we have decided to install solar modules on the 

rooftops of three longer tenure buildings, namely, 38 Ang Mo 

Kio, 72 Eunos and 100 Eunos. Renewable energy generated 

will mainly be consumed by the respective building’s 

activities and energy savings are expected. With the solar 

modules’ installation phase having been recently completed 

and operational at the end of 2019, we are excited to share 

more on the progress in our subsequent reports.

CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE

As a Group, we will continue to monitor our non-financial 

performance and strengthen our efforts in areas that have 

further room for improvements.

We humbly ask for your continued support in our 

sustainability journey.

Mr. Kelvin Lim

Executive Chairman, 

Executive Director &amp; Group Managing Director

4


Overall in FY2019, the reported material ESG matters remain the same as prior year and there were no significant changes 

to the Group's management approach towards each material matter. The Group has however established its group-wide 

environment policies, covering climate change adaptation, management of energy and water consumption rolled out this year.

ENERGY-SAVING LED LIGHTS

ENERGY CONSUMPTION INTENSITY

WATER-SAVING FEATURES

WORK-RELATED FATALITIES 

COMPLIANCE WITH 

ALL APPLICABLE LAWS 

AND REGULATIONS

GENDER DIVERSITY

TRAINING HOURS

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION 

SCORING

WORK-RELATED INJURIES 

WATER CONSUMPTION INTENSITY 

52% of the properties we 

manage use energy-saving 

LED lighting in FY2019, 

4 percentage points increase 

compared to FY2018.

0.13 MWh/m2 electricity intensity 

0.05 TCO2e/m2 emission intensity 

0.0011 TCO2e/km fuel 

consumption intensity in FY2019, 

same as in FY2018.

73% of the properties we 

manage are installed with 

water saving taps in FY2019, 

same as in FY2018.

0 work-related fatalities over 

past 3 years, from FY2017 to 

FY2019.

0 confirmed incidents of 

corruption in FY2019.

59% male to 41% female 

employees on average in 

FY2019, as compared to 

70% male and 30% female 

in FY2018.

9.69 training hours received 

by each employee on average 

in FY2019, 20% increase 

compared to FY2018.

Scored 80% and above 

on average in customer 

satisfaction surveys across 

our core business segments 

for 3 consecutive years.

Attained ISO 45001:2018 for LHN’s logistics services

86% reduction in injury rate 

and 95% reduction in lost 

day rate in FY2019 compared 

to FY2018.

1.52 m3/m2 water 

withdrawal intensity in FY2019,  

2% increase compared to 

FY2018.



SUSTAINABILITY PROGRESS IN FY2019 

5 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN

HEAD OF LOGISTICS SERVICES

(A) SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE

Our sustainability team is instrumental in building a culture of sustainability within LHN and overseeing the implementation 

of various sustainability initiatives throughout the Group’s operation. They also track and report the performance at least 

annually to the board of directors of the Company (the “Board”).

SUSTAINABILITY TEAM

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

HEAD OF FACILITIES 

MANAGEMENT

HEAD OF HUMAN RESOURCE

HEAD OF

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 

HEAD OF SPACE OPTIMISATION

Assumes leadership in managing sustainability matters and 

advisory role to the Sustainability Team

Led by Chief Financial Officer and supported by respective 

department heads, key sustainability developments and 

performance will be reported to the Board at least annually.

BOARD STATEMENT 

The Board is committed 

to adhering to high quality 

standards, building of an inclusive 

and safe working environment for 

all, and conducting business in 

a way that is responsible, in the 

preservation of the environment. 

These sustainability issues have 

been considered as part of the 

company’s strategic formulation 

and incorporated into our 

operations through policy-making 

and procedures. In FY2019, a 

group-wide environment policy 

was introduced which covers 

climate change adaptation and 

the management of energy and 

water consumption. 

Subsequent to the Board and 

management team’s review, the 

material ESG matters continues to 

remain relevant to our operations 

for reporting in the current year. 

The Board provides direction and 

have oversight over the material 

ESG matters, with sustainability 

performance reported to the 

Board at least annually, or, as and 

when significant development 

arise.

6


SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN

(B) STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

At LHN, we strive to address ESG issues which are material to our business and stakeholders, taking into account any 

key developments within the industry. Through various channels, key stakeholders’ concerns are identified and responded 

appropriately. From our re-evaluation and stakeholders’ feedback, LHN’s existing seven material ESG topics which were first 

identified in November 2017 for the financial year ended 30 September 2017 (“FY2017”) remains relevant for reporting in 

FY2019.

Table 1: Our approach on stakeholder engagement

STAKEHOLDERS 

MAIN INTERESTS/

CONCERNS

ENGAGEMENT METHODS 

AND FREQUENCY

OUR RESPONSE 

OUR EMPLOYEES

• Occupational health 

and safety

• Fair employment 

practices

• Online feedback channel 

system accessible throughout 

the year

• Annual performance appraisal 

conducted

• Employee handbook 

accessible throughout the 

year

• LHN established a robust health and 

safety management system to ensure a 

safe working environment and various 

policies/practices to promote a fair 

workplace respectively for all our 

employees. Please refer to page 9 and 

page 21 for more information on our 

policies and initiatives on the topic.

GOVERNMENT 

AND 

REGULATORY 

BODIES

• Compliance 

with regulatory 

requirements

• Business model awareness 

sessions when required

• Calls and meetings when 

required

• Non-compliance negatively impacts 

our business, both reputationally 

and financially. We are committed to 

adhere to all regulatory requirements, 

and where necessary, to seek feedback 

or clarifications from regulatory bodies 

in guiding our business forward.

INVESTORS

• Timely updates 

on financial 

performance and 

business strategies 

and opportunities

• Annual and interim financial 

and sustainability reports

• Networking sessions with 

shareholders when required

• Annual General Meeting 

(“AGM”)

• We aim to provide timely updates on 

key developments and action plans 

via our various engagement methods. 

Our networking sessions and AGM 

provide an interactive platform 

between both management and 

investors, and for investors to gain a 

better understanding of LHN’s overall 

business strategy.

SUPPLIERS

• Fair and transparent 

business conduct

• Continued 

engagement

• Annual supplier performance 

review

• Day-to-day communications

• At LHN, we work with reliable and 

creditable suppliers and aim to form a 

long-standing and trusting relationship 

with such suppliers.

CUSTOMERS

• Quality of products 

and services

• Innovative products 

and services

• Social media platform 

updated when required

• Networking sessions

• Company announcements 

accessible throughout the 

year

• Feedback channel accessible 

throughout the year

• Please refer to page 16 for our 

customer satisfaction survey results 

and initiatives.

7 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN

(C) OVERVIEW OF LHN’S SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

 

PROTECTING OUR ENVIRONMENT

SAFEGUARDING HEALTH AND SAFETY

MATERIAL MATTER

ENERGY

WATER CONSUMPTION

HEALTH &amp; SAFETY

IMPACT BOUNDARY

Space Optimisation 

and Logistics Services 

Businesses

Space Optimisation Business

All our employees under three business segments 

and tenants of our properties

SUSTAINABILITY 

CONTEXT

Contributing to the collective 

effort to reduce Singapore’s 

overall Greenhouse Gas 

(“GHG”) emissions 

Headquartered in Singapore, 

a country which lacks 

natural resources, we are 

aware of the country’s 

endeavour in water security. 

Likewise, we aim to play 

our part in reducing water 

wastage

Strive towards creating a culture where all our staff 

value individual commitment towards safe work 

practices and further, to create spaces that are safe 

and conducive for our tenants to work in

MANAGEMENT 

APPROACH

Group-wide

• Climate Change 

Adaptation Policy

• Energy Consumption/

Management Policy

Space Optimisation Business

• Installation of energy-

saving LED light fittings 

in the properties we 

manage

• Installation of motion 

sensors and timers in 

common areas where 

energy consumption is 

discontinuous

• Daily monitoring of the 

lights and aircon in 

rooms and switching off 

the lights and aircon 

while they are not in use

Logistics Services Business

• Vehicle selection in 

accordance to Euro 4 

Standards and above

• Regular servicing of our 

fleet for optimum fuel 

efficiency

• Route analysis prior to 

each trip to find the most 

efficient route

• Monitoring of fuel 

consumption to 

encourage fuel-efficient 

driving and drivers are 

required to turn off 

engine when idle

Group-wide

• Water Consumption/

Management Policy

Space Optimisation Business

• Our water is currently 

supplied from a 

municipal source, 

managed by Public 

Utilities Board. We have 

no issue in sourcing 

water that is fit for 

purpose

• Installation of water-

saving taps in the 

properties we manage

• Installation of sensors for 

toilet flushing

Group-wide 

• Health Safety &amp; Environment Policy and certified 

BizSAFE Level 3

Space Optimisation Business

• Fire Safety Committee control and respond to fire 

incidents. 

• Adherence to Standard Operating Procedures for 

maintenance of lift licences and fire equipment 

• Maintain compliance with relevant fire safety 

regulations required of all buildings

• Established platform for tenants’ feedback. We 

aim to rectify any negative feedback received 

and propose corrective action to prevent 

reoccurrence.

Logistics Services Business

• Mandatory Safety Induction Program (SIP) for all 

drivers

• All vehicles are installed with safety kits, which 

includes fire extinguishers and first aid box 

• Conducting of breathalyzer tests based on a 

random selection process

• Company emergency response vehicle on standby 

in the event of accidents or breakdowns

• Driver training on road safety

• Monitoring of speed limits with GPS system 

installed in all our trucks

• Mobileye technology installed to prompt drivers 

of pre-collision warnings

Facilities Management

• Well-ventilated rest and eating area for our 

cleaning professionals 

• Inculcate a ‘safety-first’ culture in all our 

employees working off-site 

• Smart technologies, including 24hrs rodent 

sensors and smart smoking detector 

• Eco-friendly cleaning products, such as enzymes 

cleaners instead of harmful materials

PERFORMANCE 

INDICATORS

1. Energy consumption 

across business units

2. Emissions and fuel 

consumption intensity

1. Volume of water 

consumption

2. Water consumption 

intensity

1. Work-related injury rate, lost day rate,  

absentee rate

2. Work-related fatalities

3. Number of regulatory fines or warnings related to 

customer health and safety

4. External audits to review internal processes

8


(C) OVERVIEW OF LHN’S SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

 

CREATING A FAIR WORKPLACE

CULTIVATING STRONG BUSINESS VALUES

MATERIAL 

MATTER

FAIR EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES

CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE

SECURITY OF 

INFORMATION

CUSTOMER 

SATISFACTION

IMPACT 

BOUNDARY

All our employees under Space 

Optimisation, Logistics Services 

and Facilities Management 

Businesses

Space Optimisation, 

Logistics Services and 

Facilities Management 

Businesses

Business partners, 

employees, suppliers 

and customers of Space 

Optimisation, Logistics 

Services and Facilities 

Management Businesses

Customers of Space 

Optimisation, Logistics 

Services and Facilities 

Management Businesses

SUSTAINABILITY 

CONTEXT

We have pledged our commitment 

to adopt the five key principles 

defined by the Tripartite Guidelines 

on Fair Employment Practices 

(“TGFEP”) and we believe in 

developing in-house talents for the 

continued growth and success of 

the Group.

High ethical standards 

in accordance with 

code provisions of the 

corporate governance 

code and corporate 

governance report in 

Appendix 14 to the 

HKEX Listing Rules 

and Code of Corporate 

Governance 2018 

is integral to LHN’s 

corporate identity and 

how we conduct our 

business.

Security of information 

is critical in maintaining 

our stakeholders’ trust in 

the business.

Our businesses thrive 

on mutually beneficial 

and strong relationships 

formed with our 

customers.

MANAGEMENT

APPROACH

Group-wide

• Human Resource Policy 

• Commitment to no child labor 

and no forced labor 

• Employee Grievance Policy

• Training Policy

• Performance Appraisal Policy

Employment

• The Group has complied with all 

Ministry of Manpower guidelines

• All eligible job applications, 

internal transfers and 

promotions are merit-based 

regardless of race, ethnicity, 

religion, age and gender.

Performance &amp; Career Development

• Provide sponsorships to 

employees to encourage lifelong 

learning

• Feedback is garnered after every 

training programme to measure 

relevance and usefulness of 

subjects covered to employees

• Performance appraisals are 

conducted for all employees and 

evaluated with the individual 

through open discussions 

• Benchmarking exercise are 

conducted against market’s 

best practices in ensuring that 

adequate and quality trainings 

are provided to our employees

Group-wide

• Robust internal 

control

• Code of corporate 

governance 

• Whistle-blowing 

Policy

• Conflict of Interest 

Policy

• Ensure compliance 

with all relevant laws 

and regulations in 

countries we operate 

in

• Stringent adherence 

to policies set in 

maintaining good 

corporate governance

• Maintain 

transparency and 

accountability for all 

matters within our 

organisation

Group-wide

• Personal Data 

Protection Policy

• Website Privacy 

Policies

• Established a 

Data Protection 

Committee to 

monitor compliance 

to Personal Data 

Protection Act and 

matters related to 

customers’ data 

protection and 

privacy

• All confidential data 

is securely stored in 

a robust Information 

Systems which 

undergoes an annual 

audit carried out by 

an accredited party

• Penetration Test to 

prevent hacking of 

data

• Network monitoring 

tools utilising 

machine learning 

system

Group-wide

• Annual customer 

satisfaction surveys* 

to gather feedback 

on our products and 

services.

• All complaints 

received will be 

logged in our system 

and responded to 

in a timely manner. 

Three days for 

general customer’s 

queries and feedback 

and half day for 

urgent queries for 

Space Optimisation 

Business. Whereas 

for Logistics Services 

Business, all matters 

will be addressed by 

the next working day.

PERFORMANCE 

INDICATORS

Employment

1. Employee breakdown by gender 

and employee type 

2. Recruitment and turnover rates 

Performance &amp; Career Development

3. Average training hours by gender 

and employment category

1. Number of non-

compliance cases

2. Number of incidents 

of corruption

1. Number of 

substantiated 

complaints, identified 

leaks, theft or losses 

of customer data 

privacy

1. Customer satisfaction 

survey results

* Excludes carpark management under Facilities Management Business. Customer satisfaction levels are based largely on day-to-day interactions with property managers and feedback 

received from users of carpark.

SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN

9 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Our Year’s Progress: Energy

2020 Target

In view of the recent occurrences of extreme weather surrounding climate change and water being a precious resource, the 

Group recognises that it needs to do its part as a responsible corporate in reducing its overall GHG footprint and improve its 

water conservation efforts.

• Reduce electrical consumption 

intensity by 5% by 2020 with 

FY2017 as base year

• Maintain fuel consumption 

intensity with FY2017 as 

base year

Energy • Space Optimisation Business

The Space Optimisation Business operations have contributed to 32% 

(4,496 MWh) of the total energy consumption in FY2019, resulting in a 

slight decrease of 0.4% in comparison to FY2018. Energy intensity and GHG 

emissions intensity remained unchanged at 0.13 MWh/m2 and 0.05 TCO2e/m2 

respectively for FY2019.

Energy • Logistics Services Business

The energy consumed by Logistics Services Business has increased 

by 8.3% from 8,729 MWh in FY2018 to 9,451 MWh in FY2019; 

corresponding to the increase in distance travelled (FY2019: 2.4 million km; 

FY2018: 2.2 million km). Our GHG emissions are partly mitigated by the high 

percentage of euro 4 standards and above prime movers within our fleet which 

are of higher energy efficiency. Our fuel consumption intensity continues to 

remain at 0.0011 TCO2e/km for FY2019.

52%

of the properties we manage use 

energy-saving LED lighting

100%

of our prime movers are 

Euro 4 standards and above

Group-wide Environment Policy: Climate Change Adaptation Policy; Energy 

Consumption/Management Policy

In 2019, the Group has formalised several policies to reinforce its commitment 

and accountability towards appropriate management of climate and 

environmental-related risks and opportunities that impact our operations and 

stakeholders. Through continual tenant engagement and education, LHN aims 

to improve the Group’s overall environmental footprint and create positive 

financial impact with lower utility expenses.

Investment in renewable energy

In progressing towards a low carbon economy, we have begun our transition 

towards renewable energy generation. In FY2019, the Group has decided 

to install the solar panels on the rooftops of buildings with a longer tenure, 

namely, 38 Ang Mo Kio, 72 Eunos and 100 Eunos. The installation was 

completed recently and we have started operating them at the end of 2019.

INITIATIVES LAUNCHED 

IN FY2019 AND 

FUTURE ACTION PLAN

Protecting Our Environment

Improvement required

Met

10


PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Protecting Our Environment

Heat pump system runs on ambient heat, which 

essentially 

captures 

thermal 

energy 

from 

the 

surrounding environment to heat water, store it, 

before distribution to the individual units. In contrast 

to instant water heaters which heats water on an 

“on-demand” basis, the heat pump system uses less 

electricity in generating hot water which is expected to 

contribute to energy savings.

Heat Pump System @ 150 Cantonment

The Group has invested in a technologically innovative 

system which is able to detect the occupancy 

of the room, and automatically switches off the 

air-conditioning system when vacant. The smart sensor 

system further tracks guests’ temperature-setting 

preferences in offering an optimal room temperature 

to ensure comfort, whilst balancing usage. Electrical 

bill savings is expected with this system.

Air-conditioner Sensors @ 31 Boon Lay

CASE STUDIES

Improving Operational Efficiencies at Our Properties in FY2019

0

5,000

10,000

15,000

FY2019

FY2018

ENERGY CONSUMPTION (MWh)

4,514

4,496

9,451

8,729

SPACE OPTIMISATION

LOGISTICS SERVICES

0

1,000

2,000

3,000

4,000

5,000

FY2019

FY2018

EMISSION AMOUNT (TCO2e)

1,892

2,336

1,883

2,529

SPACE OPTIMISATION

LOGISTICS SERVICES

11 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Our Year’s Progress: Water Consumption

2020 Targets

• Reduce water consumption 

intensity 5% by 2020 with 

FY2017 as base year

Water • Space Optimisation Business

In FY2019, the water used for common toilet facilities and landscaping purposes 

amounted to 53,917 m3, a slight increase of 2.9% from 52,415 m3 in FY2018. 

This was largely due to underground pipe leakages which have been rectified, and 

an increase in tenants since the commencement of our SOHO operations.

We are cognizant of the impacts that water wastage has on the business. At 

LHN, we regularly assess water consumption levels at our properties and take 

necessary measures, where required to minimise wastage. Further to that, we 

have adopted water saving features and continually urged our employees and 

tenants to undertake good practices around water conservation. 

As at end September 2019, about 73% of the properties we manage are 

installed with water saving taps. We endeavour to install the same for 100% 

of our newly acquired properties moving forward, as well as, to continue the 

monitoring of our water usage in meeting our FY2020 target.

73%

of the properties we manage are 

installed with water saving taps

With the increasing call for action to address matters of climate change which may impact our operations on a global scale, we 

recognise our role as a responsible corporate and have made strides to reduce the Group’s overall GHG footprint and improve 

water conservation efforts

Protecting Our Environment

Improvement required

Group-wide Environment Policy: Water Consumption/Management Policy

The Group is committed to improve water efficiency and reduce consumption at 

its properties through ongoing resource investments, such as the installation of 

water saving devices and the use of chemical sprays in place of water flush.

INITIATIVES LAUNCHED 

IN 2019 AND 

FUTURE ACTION PLAN

0

12,000

24,000

36,000

48,000

60,000

FY2019

FY2018

TOTAL VOLUME OF

WATER DRAWN (m3)

52,415

53,917

WATER WITHDRAWAL

INTENSITY (m3/m2)

1.47

1.49

1.51

1.53

1

1

FY2019

FY2018

1.49

1.52

12


PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

The safety and well-being of our employees and tenants are of utmost importance to us. As such, we constantly strive 

to provide a safe and conducive working environment and to inculcate a culture where individuals commit to practicing 

‘safety-first’ habits.

Our Year’s Progress: Health and Safety

Yearly Targets

• Zero work-related fatalities

• Less than 5 work-related injuries 

a year within LHN’s premises

• Less than 5 work-related injuries 

a year offsite

• Zero fines1 or penalties relating 

to customer health and safety for 

Space Optimisation Business

OUR EMPLOYEES

FY2018

FY2019

Work-related fatalities

0

0

Injury rate (per million hours worked)

Male

3

3

Female

18

0

Lost day rate (per million hours worked)

Male

135

15

Female

152

0

Work-related Absentee rate

Male

1.33%

2.17%

Female

1.82%

2.47%

INJURY TYPES

NUMBER OF 

INCIDENTS

PREMISES WHERE 

INCIDENT OCCURRED

Back Injury

1

1 within LHN's premises

In FY2019, the total number of work-related injury incidents have decreased by 

approximately 86% from FY2018 (FY2018: 7 incidents). On the other hand, 

the marginal increase in the absentee rate observed in FY2019 was largely 

contributed by non-work-related incidents, such as medical leaves incurred 

not resulting from work-related injuries. We will continue to monitor that safety 

measures are implemented and reinforce the importance of the safety-first 

mindset to our employees at LHN.

Safeguarding Health and Safety

Met

Met

Met

Met

1 Fines less than S$500 are considered immaterial.

2 ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System certification has been achieved by Hean Nerng Logistics Pte. Ltd. (“HNL”) and Industrial &amp; Commercial Facilities Management Pte. Ltd. 

(“ICFM”) in  FY2018 and FY2019.

3 ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health and Safety Management System certification has been attained by HNL.

Achieved  

ISO 9001:2015 

certification for LHN’s Logistics 

Services Business and Facilities 

Management Business2

Achieved  

ISO 45001:2018 

certification for LHN’s Logistics 

Services Business3

13 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


Space Optimisation Business

• Our in-house Fire Safety Committee4 is in compliance with Singapore Civil 

Defence Force’s requirement which consists of the Fire Safety Manager 

(“FSM”), Emergency Response Team (“ERT”) and Fire Wardens. The 

Committee seeks to ensure that all the necessary building and fire safety 

requirements are dutifully met to minimise risks of hazards, as well as, to 

build an environment that is safe for both our employees and customers.

• Our FSM conducts monthly inspection at respective assigned buildings and 

report on any irregularities or potential hazards, as well as briefing on the 

emergency response plan and conducting fire drill every six months.

Logistics Services Business

• On an annual basis, our logistics team conducts a fire drill to assess the 

readiness of our employees and refresh them on response procedures in the 

event of an emergency.

PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Safeguarding Health and Safety

4 Restatement to our In-house Fire Safety Committee mentioned in our sustainability report 2018. The committee has already been implemented in FY2018 as required by the Singapore Civil 

Defence Force.









Lim Chin Peng (Site Main Controller) at 

Fire Command Centre monitoring and 

managing the emergency situation.

ERT team fighting the fire

HNL ERT donning their Personal 

Protective Equipment and preparing 

their equipment

De-brief in progress after the 

emergency drill with Eagletainer 

customer representatives

INITIATIVES LAUNCHED 

IN 2019 AND 

FUTURE ACTION PLAN

14


PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Safeguarding Health and Safety

CASE STUDY

CARING FOR THE WELL BEING OF OUR EMPLOYEES IN FY2019

• Our Logistics Services Business conducts several audits yearly in verifying that 

our drivers’ driving licences remain valid, mandatory trainings are completed 

and that they are knowledgeable of LHN’s safety-related procedures. Gaps 

identified, together with recommendations for improvement will be shared by 

safety managers and are followed up on post-audit.

• Drivers are selected by random to attend safety courses conducted by the 

Port of Singapore Authority. In-house trainings are also provided to equip our 

drivers with the necessary health and safety knowledge. Examples of these 

safety induction courses include mandatory hazmat training and applied 

workplace safety.

• In line with FY2018 action plan to implement gas leakages detectors, we have 

installed them in our relevant vehicles during the year which will accordingly 

notify our drivers should gas leakage occur.

As part of our carpark management services, we have 

operation officers frequently on the road to complete 

their daily checks or resolve any service disruptions 

at the various assigned carpark locations. During haze 

season, these officers are advised to take the necessary 

precautions and purchase masks which they can later 

claim reimbursements for.

Mask up during seasonal haze period

With the belief that wellness inevitably impacts an 

employee’s productivity and morale levels, LHN 

provides free basic health screening, at least once 

yearly, at its headquarters located at 10 Raeburn 

Park, with the aim to enhance the awareness of one’s 

wellbeing and health conditions. In the current year, a 

total of over 60 staff partook in this screening exercise. 

Free Health Screening @ Headquarters

15 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

We pride ourselves on strong, mutually beneficial relationships formed with our customers. We seek to maintain a track record 

of service quality excellence and in being a trusted business partner for all suppliers, customers and tenants working with us.

Our Year’s Progress: Customer Satisfaction

Yearly Targets

Satisfaction result score of:

• Space Optimisation Business: 70%

• Facilities Management Business: 

70%

• Logistics Services Business: 70%

Our various business segments continue to conduct yearly customer satisfaction 

surveys, which are imperative for identifying areas of improvement to better serve 

the needs of our customers.

Over the past three years, our customer satisfaction scores for Space Optimisation 

Business remained relatively consistent while Facilities Management Business5 

has shown gradual year-on-year improvement, increasing by 5% from FY2017. In 

the meantime, our customer satisfaction scores for Logistics Services Business 

has also shown an increase by 6% from FY2018 to FY2019. The high scores are 

attributed to our perpetual efforts to provide innovative yet effective solutions and 

optimised spaces for our valued customers.

All customers’ feedbacks and complaints received are also reviewed by each 

business’ management team in ensuring that appropriate corrective measures are 

implemented to resolve matters raised in a timely manner. In FY2019, there were 

no major substantiated complaints received.

Cultivating Strong Business Values

Met

Met

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION SURVEY SCORES

0

50

100

FY2019

FY2018

FY2017

90%

85%

86%

82%

91%

86%

85%

85%

80%

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION SURVEY SCORES

LOGISTICS SERVICES

SPACE OPTIMISATION

FACILITIES MANAGEMENT

5 Refers to ICFM.

Met

16


PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

INITIATIVES LAUNCHED 

IN FY2019 AND 

FUTURE ACTION PLAN

Cultivating Strong Business Values

One-stop Solutions Provider

With the aim to be the one-stop solutions provider for our customers, LHN 

strives to provide integrated, value-adding solutions to everyday challenges, by 

introducing smart technologies coupled with project and resource management 

for our customers.

Facilities Management Business: Carpark Management Services

• A 24-hour call centre has been established for our customers and end-users 

to feedback on any urgent operational issues faced within the carparks

• Our Customer Relationship Management system captures emails and 

conversations log with customers which allows for monitoring of our 

employees’ performance in responding to end-users according to company’s 

guidelines

• The carpark management team has further committed to develop a customer 

survey targeted at key clients in FY2020

Facilities Management Business: Cleaning Services

• With respect to our cleaning solutions, our employees and contracted staff 

are required to complete the pre-requisite trainings within 3 months before 

being assigned to a customer. This complies with the National Environment 

Agency of Singapore requirements. Supervisors also regularly assess their 

performance and work closely with our human resource department to 

schedule for additional trainings, as required, in ensuring that we upkeep a 

high standard of quality in our service provision.

Occupancy

• Marketing Plan

• Client Management

• Organised Events

Compliance

Excellence

• Licensing

• Sustainability

• Admin &amp; 

Finance 

Reports

Enforcement

• Arrears Management

• Illegal Activities

Measurable Feedbacks

• Commendations

• Complaints

Integrated  

Facilities Services

• Energy Savings 

Solutions

• Integrated 

Cleaning

• Integrated Pest 

Control

• Landscaping

• Electrical

• Building 

Maintenance

• General Works

17 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Cultivating Strong Business Values

With our customers at the heart of the services we provide, we continually seek to develop and provide innovative, 

effective and resource-efficient solutions for them. The smart toilet system being one of them, is a cleanliness 

management solution comprising of technologies (as illustrated below) equipped with sensor transceiver and cellular/

WiFi/Ethernet connectivity which allows for real-time transmission of information. Some of the functions include: 

• Capturing of end users’ feedback in real-time using the 5-star rating system, and allows for problem reporting

• Logging of tasks and time clocked-in and -out using Near-Field Communication (NFC) tag

• Immediate alerts of negative feedback or faults reported

• On-demand based cleaning work, which cuts away conventional scheduled workhours which impede 

productivity and waste resources 

Overall, the smart toilet system facilitates remote monitoring by our customer’s management team and better 

planning of resources ahead of time according to usage patterns, all of which translate into better cost savings 

and efficient management of resources.

Smart Toilet System 

CASE STUDY

INVESTING IN SMART SOLUTIONS FOR OUR CUSTOMERS









FEEDBACK MODULE

WETNESS SENSOR

AIR QUALITY SENSOR

SOAP DISPENSER SENSOR

PAPER TOWEL

DISPENSER SENSOR

SYSTEM ARCHITECT FOR

SMART TOILETS SYSTEMS



AIR QUALITY SENSOR

PEOPLE COUNTER SENSOR

TOILET ROLL DISPENSOR/

HANDSOAP SENSOR

FEEDBACK/ TASK LOG

SMART GATEWAY

SMART TOILET

CLOUD SERVER









18


PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Our Year’s Progress: Security of Information &amp; Corporate Governance

Yearly Targets

• Zero substantiated complaints or 

identified leaks, thefts or losses of 

customer data

• Zero confirmed incidents of 

corruption

• Zero non-compliance cases with 

applicable laws and regulations

Security of Information

At LHN, we continue to adhere to our Personal Data Protection policy which is 

aligned with Singapore Personal Data Protection Act 2012.

While we strive to bring heightened awareness towards data security and 

openness to reporting of related incidents, LHN is pleased to share that we have 

not faced any substantiated complaints or identified leaks, thefts or losses of 

customer data over the past 3 years.

Anti-Corruption and Compliance

The Group maintains its stance in upholding high ethical standards, which we 

believe is integral to our corporate identity, business and success.

With the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 effective from 1 January 2019, 

our corporate policies and guidelines have accordingly been reviewed and are 

aligned to meet the latest SGX Rules of the Catalist, HKEX Main Board Listing 

Rules and the applicable laws and regulations where we operate in.

The Group further holds zero tolerance towards improprieties in relation 

to bribery, extortion, fraud, financial reporting and money laundering. 

Our stakeholders are encouraged to report and raise in good faith their 

concerns about possible improprieties to our audit committee chairman at this 

email: gary.chan@lhngroup.com.sg. All reports will be addressed in accordance 

with our whistle-blowing policy and be kept in confidence.

In FY2019, there were zero confirmed incidents of corruption and zero major 

non-compliance cases with applicable environmental laws and regulations. 

However, there was one fine imposed in FY2019 relating to the trucking of an 

import container out from the Port of Singapore Authority without permit under 

our Logistics Services Business. To prevent any re-occurrence in the future, we 

will strengthen our internal procedure to check all required documents before 

trucking out the containers.

Cultivating Strong Business Values

Met

Met

Improvement required

Security network 

penetration test

conducted in 2019

We pride ourselves on strong, mutually beneficial relationships formed with our customers. We seek to maintain a track record 

of service quality excellence and in being a trusted business partner for all suppliers, customers and tenants working with us.

19 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


INITIATIVES LAUNCHED 

IN FY2019 AND 

FUTURE ACTION PLAN

Reinforcements to Data Security

In FY2019, we implemented penetration test and network monitoring tools to 

strengthen network security and better safeguard data.

Penetration test is a simulated cyber-attack on LHN’s security infrastructure, 

designed to identify vulnerabilities and subsequently implement measures to 

strengthen our security network. Network monitoring tools were implemented 

to analyse and monitor the way the Group’s system network runs on a day-to-

day basis. Should there be any abnormal activities within the network that 

deviate from operational norm or show an indication of malware outbreak, our 

information technology department will be automatically notified.

CASE STUDY

Enhancing LHN’s 

Login Security in 

FY2019

PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Cultivating Strong Business Values

In FY2019, to reduce risks of fraudulent access to confidential information, 

the Group has implemented a two-factor authentication to verify an employee’s 

identity before granting log in access to their e-mail. The two layers of 

verification are activated when an employee sign into their email using a new 

device or after 30 days from the day last signed in:

• First layer: Authenticate with username and a password

• Second layer: Reconfirm identity with verification code sent by text to 

employee’s phone

Two-factor verification for LHN’s Electronic Mail (E-mail) 

20


PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Creating A Fair Workplace

As an employer, we believe that a diverse work environment will fuel innovation and ideas which is core to our business. 

Further pledging our commitment to TAFEP, we pride ourselves in being an employer who practices fair employment and 

provides equal opportunities to all.

Our Year’s Progress: Fair Employment Practices

Yearly Target

Employee Profile

• No confirmed cases of 

discriminations 

As a group with expertise across various core business segments and a diverse 

customer base involving both corporates and individuals, we place great 

importance on establishing a workplace that is built on diversity and equal 

opportunities. As at end of the financial year for 2019, we have approximately 

59% male to 41% female employees on average. This is an improvement in 

comparison to prior year’s ratio of 70% male to 30% female on average.

The overall workforce numbers have however resulted in a significant decrease 

from 445 to 259 employees in the current year. This was mainly contributed 

by the disposal of the security services business under Industrial &amp; Commercial 

Security Pte. Ltd. (“ICS”) which was completed in May 2019. All employees 

under ICS were offered to be transferred and recruited under the company that 

acquired the security services business from ICS.

For more information on our employee profile by gender, employment type and 

employment contract at the end of FY2018 and FY2019, kindly refer to below:

Met

0

50

100

150

200

250

Female

Male

Female

Male

Female

Male

Female

Male

FULL TIME

PART TIME

PERMANENT

TEMPORARY

FY2018

FY2019

EMPLOYEE PROFILE

225

152

120

104

86

14

3

0

221

152

120

104

90

0

14

3

21 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Creating A Fair Workplace

Fair Employment Practices • New Hires and Employee Turnover Rates

The respective percentage decreases in new hires and turnover rate between 

FY2018 and FY2019 were largely attributed to the disposal of the security 

services business under ICS. In FY2019, there were a total of 163 new hires 

(FY2018: 315 new hires) and 103 turnovers (FY2018: 323 turnovers). Refer to 

the below charts for a breakdown of our employees’ new hire and turnover rate by 

age group and gender.

0%

20%

40%

60%

80%

100%

FY2019

FY2018

PERCENTAGE OF NEW HIRED EMPLOYEES

BY AGE GROUP

&lt;30 YEARS OLD

31-50 YEARS OLD

&gt;50 YEARS OLD

70.4%

75.5%

57.1%

64.9%

72.8%

68.3%

0%

20%

40%

60%

80%

100%

FY2019

FY2018

PERCENTAGE OF 

TURNOVER RATE BY AGE GROUP

&lt;30 YEARS OLD

31-50 YEARS OLD

&gt;50 YEARS OLD

48.1%

42.9%

55.8%

78.5%

29.3%

83.1%

0

100

200

300

400

500

FY2019

FY2018

TOTAL NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES

&lt;30 YEARS OLD

31-50 YEARS OLD

&gt;50 YEARS OLD

108

49

133

77

195

142

22


PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Creating A Fair Workplace

Percentage of employees hired and turnover by gender

FY2018

FY2019

New employees 

hired

Male

72.0%

77.0%

Female

67.9%

43.0%

Employee

turnover

Male

71.4%

57.2%

Female

75.4%

15.0%

Fair Employment Practices • Average Training Hours by gender and employee 

category

LHN believes that the investment in the learning and development of our 

employees can help the Group retain its competitiveness edge within our industry. 

Our human resource department considers the various business segments’ 

development needs and skillsets required by employees when arranging for 

training programmes tailored to our employees. At LHN, sponsorships are also 

granted to employees for taking up relevant courses not arranged by the Group.

On a yearly basis, our employees are evaluated on their performance through an 

appraisal conducted. Same as in FY2018, our supervisors and employees will also 

have open feedback discussions on ways to improve an employee’s performance 

and their development.

In FY2019, we achieved total 2,509 training hours (FY2018: 3,601 hours) 

for our employees, resulting in an average of 9.69 hours per employee (FY2018: 

8.09 hours per employee). These training courses are designed to fulfil various 

knowledge and skillsets required of our employees ranging from financial-related 

courses to safety trainings. The increase in average training hours by 20% in 

FY2019 was largely due to restructuring of the Group, including employees’ 

transition due to the disposal of the security services business under ICS during 

the year.

0

6

12

18

24

30

Senior

Management

Assistant Manager

&amp; Manager

Assistant &amp;

Executive

Staff

FY2018

FY2019

AVERAGE TRAINING HOURS BY EMPLOYEE CATEGORY

(HOURS)

7.13

12.03

8.65

4.68

8.23

20.33

27.00

8.12

0

3

6

9

12

15

Female

Male

FY2018

FY2019

AVERAGE TRAINING HOURS BY GENDER

(HOURS)

7.59

11.40

7.25

9.25

In addition, we have ceased organising annual town hall meeting for blue-collar 

employees in FY2019. Instead of this, we have organised monthly engagement 

programmes which are open for all employees to attend subject to their 

preference. Some of these programmes are shared in the case study below.

23 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Creating A Fair Workplace

In FY2019, we introduced monthly employee engagement programs such as festive celebrations and lunchtime talks 

covering an array of topics from wellness to financial literacy. These programmes are open to all employees.

Examples of events held in FY2019 are as follows:

CASE STUDY

MONTHLY EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT PROGRAMS













Health Screening Exercise 2019

POSB Run 2019

Mid-Autumn Festival celebration

LHN Group Retreat 2019

LHN Insurance Benefits Lunch Talk

It’s Okay Not to be Okay (Lunch Talk)

24


APPENDIX A.

Entities Included In The Group’s Sustainability Report

LHN LIMITED

LHN GROUP PTE. LTD.

SPACE OPTIMISATION BUSINESS

FACILITIES MANAGEMENT BUSINESS

Logistics Services Business

• Chua Eng Chong Holdings Pte. Ltd.

• Industrial &amp; Commercial Facilities 

Management Pte. Ltd.

• Hean Nerng Logistics Pte. 

Ltd. (“HNL”)

• GreenHub Suited Offices Pte. Ltd.

• Industrial &amp; Commercial Security 

Pte. Ltd. (“ICS”)6

• Hean Nerng Facilities Management Pte. Ltd.

• LHN Parking Pte. Ltd.

• LHN Energy Resources Pte. Ltd.

• LHN Facilities Management Pte. Ltd.

• LHN Properties Investments Pte. Ltd.

• LHN Space Resources Pte. Ltd.

• PickJunction Pte. Ltd.

• Singapore Handicrafts Pte Ltd

• Soon Wing Investments Pte. Ltd.

• Work Plus Store (Joo Seng) Pte. Ltd.

• Work Plus Store Pte. Ltd.

6 On 31 May 2019, the Group has completed the disposal of the security services business under ICS and therefore has excluded it from the scope for reporting from 

the date of disposal.

25 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


APPENDIX B.

Methodological Review &amp; Data Boundaries

ENVIRONMENT7

Energy consumption within the organisation

Space Optimisation Business: Energy consumed results from 

purchased electricity consumed by LHN’s properties for its 

common areas that is within the Group’s control (includes 

both indoors and outdoors, such as decorative light fixates 

and lamp posts outside of building) but excludes Greenhub 

properties and LHN’s Headquarter due to immaterial energy 

consumption.

Logistics Services Business: Energy consumed results from 

fuel consumed by the Group’s fleet of prime movers, trailers, 

oil tankers, ISO tankers and trucks.

Energy consumed is expressed in Megawatt hours (MWh).

Energy intensity

Space Optimisation Business: This is the ratio of energy 

consumed relative to total common floor areas (excludes 

outdoors as lighting outside of building is not attributable to 

any floor area) in square metres.

Energy intensity is expressed in Megawatt hours per square metre 

(MWh/m2).

GHG emissions

This report discloses indirect Scope 2 GHG emissions for 

Space Optimisation Business and Scope 1 GHG emissions 

for Logistics Services Business division.

Scope 1 GHG emissions are derived from sources that 

are owned or controlled by LHN, which in this case are 

emissions released from fuel combustion within LHN-owned 

vehicle fleet. Carbon emissions are calculated with reference 

to 2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas 

Inventories.

Scope 2 GHG emissions are emissions that result from the 

generation of purchased or acquired electricity, heating, 

cooling, and steam consumed by the organisation. In the 

scope of reporting, this only relates to purchased electricity 

and is expressed in tonnes of CO2. A location-based method 

is adopted, which reflects the GHG emissions of the grids 

on which energy consumption occurs. In Singapore, the 

Grid Emission Factor (“GEF”) used for calculating GHG 

emissions is obtained from the Energy Market Authority of 

Singapore.

GHG emissions is expressed in tonnes of carbon dioxide 

equivalent (TCO2e).

This section details key definitions, methodologies and data boundaries applied to LHN Limited’s Sustainability Report, as 

we endeavour to elevate transparency and facilitate comparability of our data disclosed. These definitions and methodologies 

are adapted with reference to the GRI Standards Glossary 2016, Reporting Recommendations and Guidance set out in the 

respective GRI disclosures and various authoritative intergovernmental instruments.

SOCIAL

Employee

Employees are defined as individuals who are in an 

employment relationship with the Group.

New hires and turnover (rates)

New hires are defined as new employees who have joined 

the Group during the financial year.

Turnover is defined as all employees who have left the 

Group voluntarily, or due to dismissal, retirement or death in 

service during the financial year.

New hires/turnover rate is the total number of new hires/

employee turnovers in the financial year, relative to the total 

number of employees recorded as at financial year-end.

New hires/turnover rate by age group is the total number 

of new hires/employee turnovers for each age group in the 

financial year, relative to the total number of employees in 

the respective age groups recorded as at financial year-end.

New hires/turnover rate by gender is the total number of 

female/(male) new hires/employee turnovers for each age 

group in the financial year, relative to the total number of 

female/(male) employees recorded as at financial year-end.

Training hours

Average training hours per employee is the total number of 

training hours incurred during the financial year provided 

to employees, relative to the total number of employees 

recorded as at financial year-end.

Average training hours per female/(male) employee is the 

total number of training hours provided to female/(male) 

employees, relative to the total number of female/(male) 

employees recorded as at financial year-end.

Average training hours per employee category is the total 

number of training hours provided to each category of 

employees, relative to the total number of employees in the 

category recorded as at financial year-end.

Injury incidents and rate

Injury incidents are non-fatal or fatal injury arising out of, or 

in the course of, work.

Injury rate is the total number of injury incidents per million 

hours worked, relative to the total scheduled hours worked 

by all employees recorded as at financial year-end.

7 Facilities Management Business is not covered in the scope for environmental-related material matters due to nature of the operations which involve a large 

number of resources being stationed at clients’ properties. Their energy and water consumption data are not available. Whereas for office staff, energy and water 

consumption data is covered under the environment data of LHN’s headquarters.

26


APPENDIX B.

Methodological Review &amp; Data Boundaries

Injury rate by gender is the total number of female/(male) 

injury incidents per million hours worked, relative to the 

total scheduled hours worked by female/(male) employees 

recorded as at financial year-end.

Lost day and rate

Lost day refers to the total number of man-days that cannot 

be worked as a consequence of an employee being unable to 

perform their usual work because of an occupational disease 

or incident.

Lost day rate is the total number of lost days per million 

hours worked, relative to the total scheduled hours worked 

by all employees recorded as at financial year-end.

Lost day rate by gender is the total number of female/(male) 

injury incidents per million hours worked, relative to the 

total scheduled hours worked by female/(male) employees 

recorded as at financial year-end.

Absentee (rate)

Absentee is defined as worker absent from work because of 

incapacity of any kind, not just as the result of work-related 

injury or disease. It excludes permitted leave absences such 

as holidays, study, parental and compassionate leave.

Work-related absentee days and absentee rate

Absentee days are measured in terms of the number of 

business days. An absentee day occurs when the employee 

is absent from work because of any incapacity, not just as a 

result of work-related injury or disease.

Absentee rate is the total absentee days lost, relative 

to the number of total days scheduled to be worked by 

the employees in the reporting period, expressed as a 

percentage.

Substantiated complaints

Substantiated complaints are written statements by 

regulatory or similar official body addressed to the 

organisation that identifies breaches of customer privacy, 

or a complaint lodged with the organisation that has been 

recognised as legitimate by the organisation.

Major substantiated complaints are defined as those that 

result in long-term significant impact on the health and 

safety of our customers, breaches to health and safety 

regulations, or a failure to deliver agreed-upon service 

requirements.

GHG emissions intensity

Space Optimisation Business: This is the ratio of GHG 

emissions relative to total occupied area (including common 

floor area) in square metres.

GHG emissions intensity for Space Optimisation Business 

is expressed in tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent 

per square metre (TCO2e/m2).

Logistics Services Business: This is the ratio of GHG 

emissions to distance travelled. This is estimated at 

2.5 kilometres travelled per litre for GHG emission intensity 

calculation purposes.

GHG emissions intensity for Logistics Services Business 

is expressed in tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent 

per kilometre (TCO2e/km).

Water consumption

Space Optimisation Business: This is the volume of water 

consumed by LHN’s properties that is within the Group’s 

control but excludes Greenhub properties and LHN’s 

Headquarter due to immaterial water consumption.

Volume of water consumption excludes water used for 

washing of our vehicle fleet as the washing is not conducted 

at our property and consumption data is not available.

Volume of water consumed is expressed in cubic metres (m3).

Water intensity

Space Optimisation Business: This is the ratio of water 

consumed relative to total common floor areas in square 

metres.

Water intensity is expressed in cubic metres per square 

metre (m3/m2).

27 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


GRI 

STANDARD 

DISCLOSURE

SECTION

PAGE 

NUMBER 

(“NO.”)

102-1

Name of the organization

Our business

2

102-2

Activities, brands, products and services

Our business

2

102-3

Location of headquarters

Our business

2

102-4

Location of operations

Our business

2

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Our business

2

102-6

Markets served

Our business

2

102-7

Scale of the organization

Our business

2

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Creating a fair workplace

21-24

102-9

Supply chain

Our business

2

102-10

Significant changes to the organization and its 

supply chain

Chairman’s message

4

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

Chairman’s message

4

102-12

External initiatives

Safeguarding health and safety

13-15

102-13

Membership of associations

Singapore Business Federation

HNL: Singapore Logistics Association

–

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Chairman’s message

4

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour

Our business

Chairman’s message

Creating a fair workplace

2

4

21-24

102-18

Governance structure

Cultivating strong business values:  

Anti-corruption and compliance

19

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Sustainability at LHN: Stakeholder 

engagement

7

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Not applicable

–

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Sustainability at LHN: Stakeholder 

engagement

7

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Sustainability at LHN: Stakeholder 

engagement

7

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Sustainability at LHN: Stakeholder 

engagement

7

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements

Appendix A

25

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

Sustainability at LHN: Overview of 

LHN’s sustainability approach

8-9

102-47

List of material topics

Sustainability at LHN: Overview of 

LHN’s sustainability approach

8-9

102-48

Restatements of information

Not applicable to this report

–

102-49

Changes in reporting

About this report

3

102-50

Reporting period

About this report

3

102-51

Date of most recent report

Chairman’s message

4

APPENDIX C.

GRI Content Index

28


APPENDIX C.

GRI Content Index

GRI 

STANDARD 

DISCLOSURE

SECTION

PAGE 

NUMBER 

(“NO.”)

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

–

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

enquiry@lhngroup.com.sg

3

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards

About this report

3

102-55

GRI content index

GRI content index

28-29

102-56

External assurance

Sustainability at LHN: Overview of 

LHN's sustainability approach

8-9

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

Cultivating strong business values:  

Anti-corruption and compliance

19

302-1

Energy consumption within the organization

Protecting our environment: Energy

10-11

302-3

Energy intensity

Protecting our environment: Energy

10-11

303-1

Water withdrawal by source

Protecting our environment: Water 

consumption

There is no issue in sourcing water 

that is fit for purpose. We source our 

water 100% from municipal source.

12

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulation

Cultivating strong business values:  

Anti-corruption and compliance

19

401-1

New employee hires and employee turnover

Creating a fair workplace

21-24

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number of 

work-related fatalities

Safeguarding health and safety

13-15

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

Creating a fair workplace

21-24

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health 

and safety impacts of products and services

Safeguarding health and safety

13-15

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses of customer data

Cultivating strong business values: 

Security of information

19

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area

Cultivating strong business values: 

Anti-corruption and compliance

19

-

Results of surveys measuring customer satisfaction

Cultivating strong business values: 

Customer satisfaction

16

29 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


APPENDIX D.

HKEx ESG Reporting Guide Index

GENERAL 

DISCLOSURES 

AND KPIS

DESCRIPTION

SECTION

PAGE 

NO.

REMARKS

ENVIRONMENTAL

ASPECT A1: EMISSIONS

General 

Disclosure

Sustainability at LHN: 

Overview of LHN's 

sustainability approach

Cultivating strong 

business values: 

Compliance with 

applicable laws and 

regulations

8-9

16-20

–

KPI A1.1

The types of emissions and 

respective emissions data

Protecting our 

environment: Energy

10-11

Our logistics business uses 

ultra-low sulphur diesel 10 

ppm which significantly 

reduces the sulphur 

dioxide, nitrogen oxides and 

particulate emissions. The 

usage of AdBlue substances 

further reduces harmful 

nitrogen oxides. As such, 

air emissions have been 

significantly reduced and are 

immaterial for reporting.

KPI A1.2

Greenhouse gas emissions in total 

(in tonnes) and, where appropriate, 

intensity

Protecting our 

environment: Energy

10-11

Our GHG emission is 

principally from the 

electricity and fuel consumed 

and is measured in total 

carbon dioxide (TCO2e).

KPI A1.3

Total hazardous waste produced 

(in tonnes) and, where appropriate, 

intensity

–

–

LHN produced no hazardous 

waste in FY2019.

KPI A1.4

Total non-hazardous waste 

produced (in tonnes) and, where 

appropriate, intensity

–

–

Disposal bins placed at 

various locations at our 

properties are cleared by 

vendors daily. LHN does not 

monitor the operation of the 

vendors, and therefore has 

no data on the total disposed 

waste for the reporting 

period.

KPI A1.5

Description of measures to mitigate 

emissions and results achieved

Protecting our 

environment: Energy

10-11

The solar modules’ 

installation phase was 

recently completed and 

operational in December 

2019. As such, no 

measurable results have been 

achieved for the reporting 

period.

KPI A1.6

Description of how hazardous and 

non-hazardous wastes are handled, 

reduction initiatives and results 

achieved

–

–

All wastes are collected 

and disposed by authorised 

vendors. Our waste includes 

mainly general waste from 

tenants’ activities. Recycling 

bins are available at all our 

commercial properties and 

are placed at common areas 

for tenants to segregate 

waste and recycle.

30


APPENDIX D.

HKEx ESG Reporting Guide Index

GENERAL 

DISCLOSURES 

AND KPIS

DESCRIPTION

SECTION

PAGE 

NO.

REMARKS

ASPECT A2: USE OF RESOURCES

General 

Disclosure

Sustainability at LHN: 

Overview of LHN's 

sustainability approach

8-9

–

KPI A2.1

Direct and/or indirect energy 

consumption by type (e.g. 

electricity, gas, or oil) in total (kWh 

in ’000s) and intensity

Protecting our 

environment: Energy

10-11

–

KPI A2.2

Water consumption in total and 

intensity

Protecting our 

environment: Water 

Consumption

12

–

KPI A2.3

Description of energy use efficiency 

initiatives and results achieved

Protecting our 

environment: Energy

10-11

–

KPI A2.4

Description of whether there is 

any issue in sourcing water that 

is fit for purpose, water efficiency 

initiatives and results achieved

Protecting our 

environment: Water 

Consumption

12

–

KPI A2.5

Total packaging material used for 

finished products (in tonnes) and, 

if applicable, with reference to per 

unit produced

–

–

This is not applicable to 

LHN. We do not have any 

packaging material.

ASPECT A3: THE ENVIRONMENT AND NATURAL RESOURCES

General Disclosure

Sustainability at LHN: 

Overview of LHN’s 

sustainability approach

8-9

–

KPI A3.1

Description of the significant 

impacts of activities on the 

environment and natural resources 

and the actions taken to manage 

them

Protecting our 

environment: Energy 

Protecting our 

environment: Water 

Consumption

10-11

12

–

SOCIAL

EMPLOYMENT AND LABOUR PRACTICES

ASPECT B1: EMPLOYMENT

General Disclosure

Sustainability at LHN: 

Overview of LHN's 

sustainability approach

Creating a fair 

workplace

Cultivating strong 

business values: 

Anti-corruption and 

compliance

8-9

21-24

19

–

KPI B1.1

Total workforce by gender, 

employment type, age group and 

geographical region

Creating a fair 

workplace

21-24

–

KPI B1.2

Employee turnover rate by gender, 

age group and geographical region

Creating a fair 

workplace

21-24

–

ASPECT B2: HEALTH AND SAFETY

General Disclosure

Sustainability at LHN: 

Overview of LHN's 

sustainability approach

Safeguarding health 

and safety

8-9

13-15

–

31 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


APPENDIX D.

HKEx ESG Reporting Guide Index

GENERAL 

DISCLOSURES 

AND KPIS

DESCRIPTION

SECTION

PAGE 

NO.

REMARKS

KPI B2.1

Number and rate of work-related 

facilities

Safeguarding health 

and safety

13-15

–

KPI B2.2

Lost days due to work injury

Safeguarding health 

and safety

13-15

–

KPI B2.3

Description of occupational health 

and safety measures adopted, 

how they are implemented and 

monitored

Safeguarding health 

and safety

13-15

–

ASPECT B3: DEVELOPMENT AND TRAINING

General Disclosure

Sustainability at LHN: 

Overview of LHN’s 

sustainability approach

Creating a fair workplace

Cultivating strong 

business values: 

Anti-corruption and 

compliance

8-9

21-24

19

–

KPI B3.1

The percentage of employees 

trained by gender and employee 

category

Creating a fair workplace

21-24

–

KPI B3.2

The average training hours 

completed per employee by gender 

and employee category

Creating a fair workplace

21-24

–

ASPECT B4: LABOUR STANDARDS

General Disclosure

Sustainability at LHN: 

Overview of LHN’s 

sustainability approach

Creating a fair workplace

8-9

21-24

–

KPI B4.1

Description of measures to review 

employment practices to avoid 

child and forced labour

–

–

The risk of non-compliance 

for LHN is extremely low. 

LHN continues to work with 

our recruitment agency to 

ensure our full compliance 

with any applicable labour 

law and regulations. There 

were no non-compliances in 

FY2019.

KPI B4.2

Description of steps taken to 

eliminate such practices when 

discovered

–

–

This is not applicable to 

LHN. There is no such 

practice identified within the 

Group.

OPERATING PRACTICES

ASPECT B5: SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

General Disclosure

Our Business

2

–

KPI B5.1

Number of suppliers by 

geographical region

Our Business

2

–

KPI B5.2

Description of practices relating 

to engaging suppliers, number of 

suppliers where the practices are 

being implemented, how they are 

implemented and monitored

Our Business

2

–

32


APPENDIX D.

HKEx ESG Reporting Guide Index

GENERAL 

DISCLOSURES 

AND KPIS

DESCRIPTION

SECTION

PAGE 

NO.

REMARKS

ASPECT B6: PRODUCT RESPONSIBILITY

General Disclosure

Cultivating strong 

business values: 

Anti-corruption and 

compliance

Cultivating strong 

business values: 

Compliance with 

applicable laws and 

regulations

19-20

–

KPI B6.1

Percentage of total products sold or 

shipped subject to recalls for safety 

and health reasons

–

–

This is not applicable to 

LHN.

KPI B6.2

Number of products and service 

related complaints received and 

how they are dealt with

Cultivating strong 

business values: 

Customer satisfaction

16

–

KPI B6.3

Description of practices relating 

to observing and protecting 

intellectual property rights

–

–

This is not applicable to 

LHN.

KPI B6.4

Description of quality assurance 

process and recall procedures

–

–

This is not applicable to 

LHN.

KPI B6.5

Description of consumer data 

protection and privacy policies, 

how they are implemented and 

monitored

Cultivating strong 

business values: 

Security of information

19

–

ASPECT B7: ANTI-CORRUPTION

General Disclosure

Cultivating strong 

business values: 

Anti-corruption and 

compliance

19

–

KPI B7.1

Number of concluded legal cases 

regarding corrupt practices brought 

against the issuer or its employees 

during the reporting period and the 

outcomes of the cases

Cultivating strong 

business values: 

Anti-corruption and 

compliance

19

–

KPI B7.2

Description of preventive measures 

and whistle-blowing procedures, 

how they are implemented and 

monitored

Cultivating strong 

business values: 

Anti-corruption and 

compliance

19

–

COMMUNITY

ASPECT B8: COMMUNITY INVESTMENT

General Disclosure

–

–

Please refer to our annual 

report FY2019 published on 

the website of HKEX  

(www.hkexnews.hk),  

SGX-ST (www.sgx.com) and 

the website of the Company 

(www.lhngroup.com).

KPI B8.1

Focus areas of contribution

–

–

Please refer to our annual 

report FY2019 published on 

the website of HKEX  

(www.hkexnews.hk),  

SGX-ST (www.sgx.com) and 

the website of the Company 

(www.lhngroup.com).

KPI B8.2

Resources contributed to the focus 

area

–

–

Please refer to our annual 

report FY2019 published on 

the website of HKEX  

(www.hkexnews.hk),  

SGX-ST (www.sgx.com) and 

the website of the Company 

(www.lhngroup.com).

33 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019






LHN LIMITED 

賢能集團有限公司*

10 Raeburn Park #02-18

Singapore 088702

Tel: (65) 6368 8328   Fax: (65) 6367 2163

lhngroup.com

*For identification purpose only

