



I. 

OUR BUSINESS ............................................................................. 1

II. 

ABOUT THIS REPORT ..................................................................... 2

III. CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE ................................................................. 4

IV. 

BOARD STATEMENT ....................................................................... 7

V. 

SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN ............................................................... 8

(A) Sustainability Governance ........................................................ 8

(B) Sustainability Progress in FY2021 ............................................ 9

(C) Stakeholder Engagement ....................................................... 10

(D) Our COVID-19 Response ........................................................ 12

(E) Overview of LHN’s Sustainability Approach .............................. 14

(F) 

Climate-related Disclosures .................................................... 18

VI. 

PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS ............................................... 22

Appendix A. Entities included in the Group’s Sustainability Report ............. 46

Appendix B. Methodological review &amp; data boundaries ............................... 47

Appendix C. GRI Content Index ............................................................... 50

Appendix D. HKEx ESG Reporting Guide Index ......................................... 52

CONTENTS
























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































LHN Limited (“LHN” or the “Company”, together 

with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is a real estate 

management services group with a longstanding 

history dating back to 1991, distinguished by 

our ability to generate value through our space 

optimisation expertise. We also provide a suite 

of services in the facilities management and 

logistics services businesses which complements 

the space optimisation business.

 The Group while incorporated and 

headquartered in Singapore, is dual listed on 

the Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Limited 

(“SGX”), as well as on the Main Board of The 

Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“HKEX”). 

The Group, together with its three core business 

segments, namely, Space Optimisation Business, 

Facilities Management Business and Logistics 

Services Business, currently has operations 

spread strategically across Singapore, Hong Kong, 

Indonesia, Thailand, Myanmar, Cambodia and 

Malaysia.

 As at the end of September 2021, our integrated 

supply chain includes more than 1,100 suppliers; 

comprising both government agencies as well 

as private companies. 75% of our suppliers are 

based in Singapore, while 25% are based in 

other countries. We are committed to establishing 

mutually beneficial relationships with credible 

suppliers, whilst exercising care in managing the 

environmental and social risks within our supply 

chain, so as to ensure reliable, high quality and 

cost-effective services and products that are 

sustainable for our business in the long-term.

 In response to the growing focus on sustainable 

supply chain management, we are in the midst of 

reviewing our procurement process. Specifically, 

we intend to add specific criteria such as 

favouring more environmentally preferable 

products and services in the procurement 

process. We will also review how we can better 

manage our supply chain in terms of identifying, 

implementing, and monitoring environmental and 

social risks.

We Create Productive Environments

Prudence

Efficiency

Accountability

A Space Resource Optimisation

Company that Generates Value

and is Driven by Technology

CORE VALUES

VISION

MISSION

Creating productive environments

and highly usable space through

refurbishments and space planning, 

and leasing of such optimised units 

to tenants.

Space Optimisation

Transportation of base oil, bitumen, 

and chemicals, and container depot 

management services.

Logistics Services































































































































































Comprehensive suite of facilities 

management services which includes,

cleaning and carpark management.

Facilities Management









































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































1 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

I. OUR BUSINESS


REPORTING SCOPE

This is the Group’s fifth sustainability report covering non-financial performance and related 

management approach disclosures for the financial period 1 October 2020 to 30 September 

2021 (“FY2021”), with prior financial year data disclosed from 1 October 2019 to 

30 September 2020 (“FY2020”), where available. The report is prepared in compliance with 

the Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Reporting Guide as set out in Appendix 27 

to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited 

(the “Listing Rules”) issued by HKEX, and the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(“SGX-ST”) Section B: Rules of the Catalist (“Catalist Rules”) Listing Rule 711A and 711B 

which draws on the guidance set out by the SGX-ST Practice Note 7F Sustainability Reporting 

Guide.

 The report focuses on ESG matters prioritised by the Group in relation to the subsidiaries 

as listed in Appendix A, which represent 86% of the Group’s revenue for FY2021. Entities 

included in the Group’s Sustainability Report covers our three major business segments in 

Singapore.

REPORTING STANDARDS

The report is prepared in accordance to Global Reporting Initiatives (“GRI”) Standards: Core 

option. The GRI standards is an internationally recognised framework and has been selected 

by the Group for its universal application for reporting on a range of economic, environmental 

and social performance. GRI reporting principles have been adopted for defining LHN’s 

sustainability reporting content and quality.

ADOPTED GRI REPORTING PRINCIPLES FOR DEFINING LHN’S SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

CONTENT AND QUALITY

STAKEHOLDER 

INCLUSIVENESS

Stakeholder Engagement

The report addresses not only the significant ESG impacts of 

our businesses’ operations, but also takes into consideration key 

interests of our stakeholders.

SUSTAINABILITY 

CONTEXT

LHN’s Sustainability Approach – Sustainability context

In developing our sustainability approach, LHN takes into 

consideration:

(1) International commitment on climate change (The Paris 

Agreement) and unique local environmental concerns

(2) Sustainability concerns relevant to the industries that the 

Group operates in

(3) Changes in tenants’ perception on value of space and 

the increasing demand for healthier and greener working 

environment

2 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

II. ABOUT THIS REPORT


ADOPTED GRI REPORTING PRINCIPLES FOR DEFINING LHN’S SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

CONTENT AND QUALITY

MATERIALITY

LHN’s Sustainability Approach – Material matters

Our material ESG matters are determined based on the significance 

of impacts of the business and expectations of both external and 

internal stakeholders, through a formal materiality assessment 

workshop conducted by an external consultant in November 2017. 

The material ESG matters were reviewed during the year and 

deemed relevant to the business for this Sustainability Report.

COMPLETENESS, 

BALANCE, 

QUANTITATIVE, 

ACCURACY, 

CONSISTENCY, 

COMPARABILITY, 

RELIABILITY AND 

CLARITY

Performance and Highlights

This report aims to present accurate, unbiased, reliable and 

consistent data and metrics that can be easily understood by all and 

serves as a way for us to monitor our performance on a year-to-year 

basis.

TIMELINESS

Five months from the financial year end

Our standalone Sustainability Report is published within five 

months of the financial year end. This is in compliance with both 

SGX and HKEX Listing Rules.

Please refer to Appendix B. Methodological Review and Data Boundaries on pages 47 to 49 

which includes the description on data boundaries and units used in this report, Appendix C. 

GRI Content Index and Appendix D. HKEX ESG Reporting Guide Index on pages 50 to 51 and 

pages 52 to 56 respectively for the summary of data and information disclosed as per GRI 

Standards and HKEX ESG reporting requirements.

For any enquiry related to this report, please contact enquiry@lhngroup.com.sg.

3 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

II. ABOUT THIS REPORT




Dear Stakeholders,

Battling COVID-19 for two years has demonstrated humanity’s susceptibility to transboundary 

risks, not just those posed by global pandemics, but also by the effects of climate change. 

As we start to feel both the physical and transitional impacts associated with climate change 

within our business, addressing changing climate conditions has also been moving up 

LHN’s agenda. For years, we have been committed to developing our business while creating 

long-term value creation. Our focus is placed on four main pillars; namely, Protecting our 

Environment, Safeguarding Health and Safety, Creating A Fair Workplace and Cultivating 

Strong Business Values.

4 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

III. CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE


We seek to embed sustainability practices in the Group’s everyday operations and align 

sustainability goals with our strategic direction to create productive and innovative spaces, as 

well as sustainable value for our stakeholders. A monitoring system is in place to ensure our 

business is on track to achieve these goals and to continuously improve our performance in 

key material ESG matters.

Fighting against the COVID-19 crisis

COVID-19 has continued to impact our lives and businesses all over the world. We are grateful 

for our stakeholder’s continuous support during this tough time. Together as a group, we will 

continue to engage with our stakeholders and to closely monitor our operations to adapt to the 

ever-changing situation. Please find our detailed COVID-19 measures under Section V(D).

Ensuring the health and safety of our employees

Human capital remains the most valued resource to our company. We strive to ensure a fair, 

diverse and collaborative work environment for all our employees. The health and safety of our 

employees has remained as one of our top priorities at LHN. We continuously ensure adequate 

health and safety measures are in place to protect the well-being of all our employees. We 

are encouraged to see that our efforts have been recognised with customer satisfaction survey 

scores exceeding more than 70% for our core business segments over the past few years, with 

this year’s score averaging out to be 85% across all three business segments.

Maintaining strong corporate governance &amp; information security

LHN remains steadfast in prioritising corporate governance as a foundation in the promotion 

of sustainable business. Our focus encompasses veracious business ethics, values, corporate 

governance and risk management across our operations. LHN has successfully retained its 

clean record of zero corruption incidents since we commenced reporting this material topic 

five years ago. The continued presence of COVID-19 in our society has caused work-from-

home arrangements to be maintained in FY2021, emphasising the need for information 

security across all levels of LHN Group. Along with the annual cyber awareness and security 

training for our staff, the Group has continued to invest in protecting and developing our 

information security by implementing a two factor authentication process for Virtual Private 

Network (“VPN”) access.

5 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

III. CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE


Transitioning to a low carbon future

A low carbon future is imminent. Our adaption strategies include continually expanding our 

renewable energy generation capacity through solar panels installation on suitable rooftop 

spaces atop our buildings. To date, we have solar panels at four of our sites – 38 Ang Mo Kio, 

72 Eunos, 100 Eunos and 202 Kallang Bahru. We are expecting the completion of six more 

solar panel installation projects to further advance our transition to a lower carbon future, 

allowing our total renewable energy system capacity to achieve 1,853 kWp.

As a Group, we are committed to monitor our non-financial performance and strengthen our 

efforts in areas that require further improvements. We look forward to an exciting year ahead.

Mr. Kelvin Lim

Executive Chairman, Executive Director &amp; Group Managing Director

6 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

III. CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE


The Board is committed to adhering to high quality standards, building of an inclusive and 

safe working environment for all, and conducting business in a way that is responsible, in the 

preservation of the environment. These sustainability issues have been considered as part 

of the company’s strategic formulation and incorporated into our operations through policy 

making and procedures.

The Board continues to provide direction and maintain oversight over the material ESG 

matters with the help of respective Head of Departments. The ESG matters reported on in this 

Sustainability Report has been reviewed and determined to be relevant by the Board together 

with the management team, having taken into consideration the COVID-19 backdrop and 

associated impacts to our business.

Sustainability performance, as well as ESG-related targets are reported to the Board at least 

annually, or, as and when significant development arises. Any updates to the targets set 

against the material ESG matters will be discussed with each business segment.

7 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

IV. BOARD STATEMENT


HEAD OF LOGISTICS 

SERVICES

(A) SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE

Our sustainability team is instrumental in building a culture of sustainability within LHN and 

overseeing the implementation of various sustainability initiatives throughout the Group’s 

operation. They also track and report the performance at least annually to the board of 

directors of the Company (the “Board”).

SUSTAINABILITY 

TEAM

BOARD OF 

DIRECTORS

HEAD OF INFORMATION

TECHNOLOGY

HEAD OF SPACE OPTIMISATION

HEAD OF FACILITIES 

MANAGEMENT

HEAD OF HUMAN RESOURCE

Assumes leadership in managing sustainability matters and 

advisory role to the Sustainability Team

Led by Chief Financial Officer and supported by respective 

department heads, key sustainability developments and 

performance will be reported to the Board at least annually.

8 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

V. SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN


Green Building Elements

202 Kallang Bahru was certified 

Green Mark Platinum in 

FY2021

Green Transportation

80% of our prime movers are 

Euro 5 standards and above

Health and Safety Features

Antimicrobial coating technology 

has been implemented at high touch 

points at 87% of our properties.

Gender Diversity

64% male to 36% female 

employees on average in FY2021, 

with 65% male and 35% female 

respectively in FY2020

Customer Satisfaction 

Scoring

Scored more than 79% in 

customer satisfaction surveys across 

our core business segments in 

FY2021





Water Saving Features

74% of all properties managed 

under Space Optimisation business 

are installed with water saving 

taps in FY2021

Training Hours

6.1 training hours received by each 

employee on average in FY2021, 

a 19.6% increase as compared to 

FY2020

Corporate Governance

Zero substantiated complaints or 

negligence in customer data;

Zero confirmed incidents of 

corruption in FY2021

Green Building Elements

Remote monitoring of energy 

consumption was deployed in 

Ang Mo Kio in FY2021

Safeguarding Health and 

Safety

Zero work-related fatalities over 

the past 5 years, from FY2017 to 

FY2021









(B) SUSTAINABILITY PROGRESS IN FY2021

9 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

V. SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN


(C) STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

At LHN, we strive to address ESG matters which are material to our business and stakeholders, whilst considering any key developments within the industry. Through various channels, key stakeholders’ 

concerns are identified and responded to appropriately. Given that our utmost priority is to ensure the safety and well-being of our stakeholders, we also detail our efforts to respond to the pandemic within 

this segment. Please find concrete examples of initiatives we have carried out on pages 12 to 13.

Table 1: Our approach on stakeholder engagement

STAKEHOLDERS

MAIN INTERESTS/CONCERNS

ENGAGEMENT METHODS1 AND FREQUENCY

OUR RESPONSE

OUR EMPLOYEES

 

• Occupational health and safety

• Fair employment practices

• Career development

• Job security

• Reskilling opportunities

• Online feedback channel system 

accessible throughout the year

• Annual performance appraisal 

conducted

• Employee handbook accessible 

throughout the year

• LHN established a robust health and safety management system to ensure 

a safe working environment including various policies and practices 

to promote a fair workplace for our employees. (Refer to page 14 and 

pages 30 to 31 for our policies and initiatives)

• LHN has put in place a robust COVID-19 safety measures for our 

employees both at the workplace and working from home, as disclosed in 

the respective material matters in this report.

• LHN has offered online trainings covering a myriad of topics including, 

courses to build digital skillsets.

• LHN has replaced physical programmes with online fitness and well-being 

programmes to reduce in-person contact whilst ensuring the wellbeing of 

our employees during the pandemic.

GOVERNMENT AND REGULATORY BODIES

• Compliance with regulatory 

requirements, including those 

relating to COVID-19

• Business model awareness sessions 

when required

• Calls and meetings when required

• Non-compliance negatively impacts our business, both reputationally and 

financially. We are committed to adhere to all regulatory requirements, 

including COVID-19 related laws and regulation.

• Where necessary, LHN will seek feedback or clarifications from regulatory 

bodies in guiding the business forward.

INVESTORS

• Timely updates on financial 

performance and business 

strategies and opportunities

• Board oversight on COVID-19 

impacts and response to them

• Annual and interim financial and 

sustainability reports

• Networking sessions with shareholders 

when required

• Annual General Meeting (“AGM”)

• We aim to provide timely updates on key developments and action plans 

via our various engagement methods. For the past two years, due to 

COVID-19, the Group addresses relevant questions posed by shareholders 

prior to AGM held via webcast online, and uploads our responses 

accordingly on the Group’s website, HKEX and SGXNet.

• Discussions on COVID-19 impacts and corresponding measures taken are 

disclosed in both our Annual Report and Sustainability Report.

1 Face-to-face meetings were replaced with virtual meetings, where possible, to limit physical contact and spread of COVID-19.

10 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

V. SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN


STAKEHOLDERS

MAIN INTERESTS/CONCERNS

ENGAGEMENT METHODS1 AND FREQUENCY

OUR RESPONSE

SUPPLIERS

• Fair and transparent business 

conduct

• Continued engagement

• Disruption of supply chain due to 

COVID-19 and lockdowns imposed 

by the Government

• Annual supplier performance review

• Day-to-day communications

• At LHN, we work with reliable and credible suppliers and aim to form a 

long-standing and trusting relationship with such suppliers.

• In cases of disruption caused due to COVID-19, alternative actions will be 

taken upon further discussions within each business segment team.

TENANTS AND CUSTOMERS

• Quality of products and services

• Innovative products and services

• Health and safety given the 

COVID-19 backdrop

• Social media platform updated when 

required

• Networking sessions

• Company announcements accessible 

throughout the year

• Feedback channel accessible 

throughout the year

• Safety, cleaning and disinfection measures are implemented at LHN to 

protect our tenants and customers’ health.

• Advanced technologies have been applied to enhance protection over our 

customers’ health.

• Please refer to page 32 for our customer satisfaction survey results and 

pages 12 to 13 for other COVID-19 related initiatives.

1 Face-to-face meetings were replaced with virtual meetings, where possible, to limit physical contact and spread of COVID-19.

11 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

V. SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN


Well-being at LHN

LHN cares for the well-being of every staff. Especially 

with remote work arrangements which have prompted 

concerns on mental well-being and stress-coping 

mechanisms, LHN reminds its employees of certain 

practices that they could engage in to maintain their 

well-being. Examples include adopting healthy food 

practices, practicing deep breathing techniques, actively 

checking with their colleagues, creating a dedicated 

workspace at home, and maintaining a schedule for 

family and loved ones.

Speco Protective Technology

COVID-19 can be easily transmitted via contact with 

the virus through touchpoints (e.g. lift buttons, door 

handles, etc.) when these unprotected surfaces are 

left exposed in between scheduled cleaning intervals.

 As such, LHN has continued with the application 

of Speco disinfectant at all our industrial and 

commercial buildings on all lift buttons. Speco is 

a long-lasting disinfectant that is effective against 

coronavirus and fomite transmission, with efficacy of 

up to six months. This disinfectant has undergone 

rigorous lab-tests and is colourless and non-toxic 

(food-grade, i.e. the material is fit for human 

consumption or permitted to come in contact with 

food) which will give our employees and tenants a 

peace of mind amidst this pandemic. Antimicrobial 

coating technology has thus far been implemented at 

87% of our properties.

(D) OUR COVID-19 RESPONSE

COVID-19 RELATED INITIATIVES TO ENSURE THE SAFETY AND WELL-BEING OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS

Work From Home Policy

In line with the laws and regulations from Ministry of 

Manpower (“MOM”) to protect our employees’ health 

and safety during the COVID-19 pandemic, LHN 

introduced the Work from Home Policy in FY2020 

and continues to support remote work on a rotational 

basis and to reduce physical interactions with public 

in FY2021. The policy details requirements on the 

working hours, communications, physical meetings 

with external parties, technology requirements and 

supports and security and confidentiality for our 

employees to follow.

Employees

Employees, Tenants and Customers

12 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

V. SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN


Ensuring Safety in Our Properties through Better Cleaning 

Regimes

Apart from increasing the cleaning frequency of high 

touchpoints throughout properties, we are progressively 

incorporating the use of technology (e.g. cleaning 

robots) into our cleaning regime due to the benefit of 

being able to pre-set functions to perform cleaning and 

disinfection activities during less foot-traffic hours. We 

have also recently introduced a pilot initiative at one 

of our properties, installing of the Ultra-low volume 

(“ULV”) mister which is designed to automatically 

disperse disinfectant through fine micron particles for 

a wider reach in designated rooms or areas during low 

footfall periods.

Supporting Tenants during Covid-19

We have increased communications with our tenants 

on safety awareness and steps in the event of any 

suspected COVID-19 cases found on our premises. All 

tenants in the properties will be duly notified and are 

encouraged to monitor for any symptoms. We will then 

activate our cleaning vendor to carry out disinfection at 

the common area using an automatic ULV mister which 

will disperse the disinfectant to all surfaces.

 The Space Optimisation Business has also relayed 

rental rebates awarded by the government to qualifying 

businesses. Tenants are key stakeholders of our 

business and at LHN, we strive to do what we can to 

sustain a mutually supportive relationship during these 

difficult times.

Safety Protocols in our properties

At LHN, examples of safety protocols established in 

accordance with the relevant guidelines set out by 

Ministry of Health are as follows:

• Travel declaration form to be completed by visitors 

and employees

• Provision of travel advisory updates for employees

• Checking of our employees’ and visitors’ temperature 

before access to premises

• Application of safe distancing measures at our 

premises

• Safe entry QR code prior to access to premises

• Provision of hand sanitisers and sanitising spray at 

common areas i.e. lift lobbies, reception and pantry 

area

• Regular disinfection of premises and high 

touchpoints

 Within the premises, our property managing agent 

are also tasked to ensure safe distancing measures 

are implemented and adhered to at both common and 

leased areas. We work with the authorities to carry out 

random checks on our tenants to ensure the stipulated 

measures are complied with.

Customers

Tenants

Employees &amp; Customers

13 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

V. SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN


(E) OVERVIEW OF LHN’S SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

 

PROTECTING OUR ENVIRONMENT

SAFEGUARDING HEALTH AND SAFETY

MATERIAL ESG MATTERS

ENERGY

WATER

HEALTH &amp; SAFETY

IMPACT BOUNDARY

• Space Optimisation

• Logistics Services

• Space Optimisation

• Logistics Services

• All employees and All tenants

SUSTAINABILITY CONTEXT

Contributing to the collective effort to 

reduce Singapore’s overall Greenhouse 

Gas (“GHG”) emissions

Playing our part to reduce water usage 

in Singapore, where the lack of natural 

resources has made water security a 

priority

Strive towards creating a culture where all our staff value individual commitment 

towards safe work practices and further, to create spaces that are safe and 

conducive for our tenants to work in

MANAGEMENT APPROACH

GROUP-WIDE

• Climate Change Adaptation Policy

• Energy Consumption /Management 

Policy

SPACE OPTIMISATION 

• Installation of solar panels on rooftops 

of properties we manage

• Installation of electrical vehicle 

charging points, as well as the 

purchase of an electric vehicle

• Installation of energy-saving LED light 

fittings in our managed properties

• Installation of motion sensors and 

timers in common areas where energy 

consumption is discontinuous

• Daily monitoring of the lights and 

aircon in rooms and switching them 

off while not in use

LOGISTICS SERVICES

• Vehicle selection in accordance to 

Euro 4,5 and 6 Standards

• Regular servicing of our fleet for 

optimum fuel efficiency

• Route analysis prior to each trip to 

find the most efficient route

• Monitoring of fuel consumption to 

encourage fuel-efficient driving and 

turning off idle engines

GROUP-WIDE

• Water Consumption/Management 

Policy

SPACE OPTIMISATION 

• Our water is currently supplied from a 

municipal source, managed by Public 

Utilities Board. We have no issue in 

sourcing water that is fit for purpose.

• Installation of water-saving taps in the 

properties we manage

• Installation of sensors for toilet 

flushing

GROUP-WIDE 

• Health Safety and Environment Policy

• Certified BizSAFE Level 3

• Work from Home Policy arising from COVID-19

SPACE OPTIMISATION

• Fire Safety Committee to control and respond to fire incidents.

• Adherence to Standard Operating Procedures for maintenance of lift licences 

and fire equipment

• Maintain compliance with relevant fire safety regulations required of all 

buildings

• Risk assessments carried out to identify hazards and implementation of 

control methods

LOGISTICS SERVICES

• Mandatory Safety Induction Program for all drivers

• All vehicles are installed with safety kits, including fire extinguishers and first 

aid box

• Conducting of breathalyzer tests based on a random selection process

• Company emergency response vehicle on standby in the events of accidents or 

breakdowns

• Driver training on road safety

• Monitoring of speed limits with GPS system installed in all our trucks

• Mobileye technology installed to prompt drivers of pre-collision warnings

• All drivers comply with Singapore Traffic Police Regulations and other traffic 

regulations in Singapore

• Drivers aged 65 and above are required to attend a mandatory medical 

check-up and proficiency driving test before performing work

14 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

V. SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN


 

PROTECTING OUR ENVIRONMENT

SAFEGUARDING HEALTH AND SAFETY

FACILITIES MANAGEMENT

• Well-ventilated rest and eating area for our cleaning professionals

• Inculcate a ‘safety-first’ culture in all our employees working off-site

• Smart technologies, such as smart toilet and an integrated platform for 

workers

• Provision of eco-friendly goods and services, such as cleaning products 

labelled with SEC Green label and products made of enzymes instead of 

harmful chemicals

PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

1. Energy consumption across business 

units

2. Emissions and fuel consumption 

intensity

1. Volume of water consumption

2. Water consumption intensity

1. Working hours, work-related fatality rate, work-related high-consequence 

injury rate, work-related injury rate and work-related ill health rate

2. Number of regulatory fines or warnings related to customer health and safety

3. External audits to review internal processes

(E) OVERVIEW OF LHN’S SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

15 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

V. SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN


(E) OVERVIEW OF LHN’S SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

 

CREATING A FAIR WORKPLACE

CULTIVATING STRONG BUSINESS VALUES

MATERIAL ESG MATTERS

FAIR EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

SECURITY OF INFORMATION

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION

IMPACT BOUNDARY

All employees

All Business Segments

Business partners, employees, 

suppliers and customers

All customers

SUSTAINABILITY 

CONTEXT

We have pledged our commitment to adopt the five key 

principles defined by the Tripartite Guidelines on Fair 

Employment Practices (“TGFEP”) and we believe in developing 

in-house talents for the continued growth and success of the 

Group

High ethical standards in 

accordance with Code of 

Corporate Governance 2018 

is integral to LHN’s corporate 

identity and how we conduct our 

business

Security of information is 

critical in maintaining our 

stakeholders’ trust in the 

business

Our businesses thrive on 

mutually beneficial and 

strong relationships formed 

with our customers

MANAGEMENT

APPROACH

GROUP-WIDE

• Human Resource Policy

• Commitment to no child labor and no forced labor

• Employee Grievance Policy

• Training Policy

• Performance Appraisal Policy

EMPLOYMENT

• The Group has complied with all Ministry of Manpower 

guidelines

• All eligible job applications, internal transfers and promotions 

are merit-based regardless of race, ethnicity, religion, age and 

gender

• Annual long service award

PERFORMANCE &amp; CAREER DEVELOPMENT

• Provide sponsorships to employees to encourage lifelong 

learning

• Feedback is garnered after every training programme to 

measure relevance and usefulness of subjects covered to 

employees

• Performance appraisals are conducted for all employees and 

evaluated with the individual through open discussions

• Benchmarking exercise are conducted against market’s best 

practices in ensuring that adequate and quality trainings are 

provided to our employees

GROUP-WIDE

• Code of corporate governance

• Whistle-blowing Policy

• Conflict of Interest Policy

• Business Continuity Plan

• Ensure compliance with all 

relevant laws and regulations 

in countries we operate in

• Stringent adherence to 

policies set in maintaining 

good corporate governance

• Maintain transparency and 

accountability for all matters 

within our organization

GROUP-WIDE

• Personal Data Protection 

Policy

• Website Privacy Policies

• Data Protection Committee 

to monitor compliance to 

Personal Data Protection 

Act and matters related to 

customers’ data protection 

and privacy

• All confidential data is 

securely stored in a robust 

Information Systems which 

undergoes an annual audit 

carried out by an accredited 

party

• Penetration Test to prevent 

hacking of data

• Network monitoring tools 

utilizing machine learning 

system

• Anti-virus System; Total 

Endpoint Protection Suite: 

Endpoint security, Email 

and collaboration security 

and Centralised security 

management

GROUP-WIDE

• Annual customer 

satisfaction surveys2 to 

gather feedback on our 

products and services

• All complaints received will 

be logged in our system and 

responded to in a timely 

manner. Three days for 

general customer’s queries 

and feedback and half day 

for urgent queries for Space 

Optimization. Whereas 

for Logistics Services, all 

matters will be addressed 

by the next working day.

2 Excludes car park management under Facilities Management Business. Customer satisfaction levels are based largely on day-to-day interactions with property managers and feedback received from carpark users.

16 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

V. SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN


 

CREATING A FAIR WORKPLACE

CULTIVATING STRONG BUSINESS VALUES

PERFORMANCE 

INDICATORS

EMPLOYMENT

1. Employee breakdown by gender and employee type

2. Recruitment and turnover rates

PERFORMANCE &amp; CAREER DEVELOPMENT

3. Average training hours by gender and employment category

1. Number of non-compliance 

cases

2. Number of incidents of 

corruption

1. Number of substantiated 

complaints, identified leaks, 

theft or losses of customer 

data privacy

1. Customer satisfaction 

survey results

(E) OVERVIEW OF LHN’S SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

17 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

V. SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN


(F) CLIMATE-RELATED DISCLOSURES

Aligned with the recommendations of SGX, HKEX and TCFD, LHN has identified the relevant 

climate-related risks and opportunities applicable to our operations across various countries. 

However, as most of our operations are conducted in Singapore, actions taken to tackle these 

risks and opportunities beyond Singapore are limited. In the near future, LHN intends to look 

into further disclosing management plans to tackle climate-related risks and opportunities 

beyond Singapore. This section covers both risks and opportunities that are of physical and 

transitional in nature.

PHYSICAL RISKS/OPPORTUNITIES

Types of Physical Risks/Opportunities

Business Segment

Space 

Optimisation

Facilities 

Management

Logistics 

Services

Change in precipitation – Increased intensity, 

frequency, and/or duration

√

√

√

Change in average temperature

√

√

Extreme temperature spells

√

Extreme weather events

√

√

Sea level rise

√

√

√

18 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

V. SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN


TRANSITIONAL RISKS/OPPORTUNITIES

Types of Transitional Risks/Opportunities

Business Segment

Space 

Optimisation

Facilities 

Management

Logistics 

Services

Changing Customer Preferences

Customer preferences are expected to shift 

towards more environmentally preferable 

products and services. For example, clients 

could demand for buildings with more green 

features; Properties more exposed to physical 

climate risks could face devaluation.

√

√

Enhanced Reporting Obligations

Increased standards for sustainability reports 

require the need for additional processes to 

monitor and manage ESG factors.

√

√

√

Mandates on and regulation of existing products 

and services

More regulations and mandates are imposed 

on transportation vehicles as well as building 

standards, which will require LHN to keep 

up on.

√

√

Presence of subsidies, grants, and loans to shift 

to a green future

In order to counter possible finance barriers, 

subsidies and grants by the government, 

as well as sustainable financing situations 

by banks, are increasingly available for 

companies to adopt green technologies.

√

√

Transitions to lower emissions technology

Companies often look at more energy efficient 

technologies to decarbonize.

√

√

19 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

V. SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN


STRATEGIC ACTIONS TO APPROACH CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES

Identified Risks/

Opportunities

Description of Risk and Opportunities and LHN’s Approach

Physical Risks

Physical climate-related risks are a disruption to businesses’ 

operations. Over the past year, LHN Group has observed disruptions 

in our logistics and container depot businesses due to changing 

climate conditions. Extreme weather events, storms, and floods can 

cause halts in transportation and affect port operations. The Suez 

Canal incident, attributed to strong wind conditions, caused a halt 

in one of the world’s busiest trade routes. Our Group has sought 

to diversify our transportation routes and increased fleet size to 

manage these unprecedented events. In addition, we actively seek 

new business opportunities that may arise due to changing weather 

conditions.

 LHN Group also seeks to provide more greenery in its properties, 

providing shade from climate-induced temperature changes and 

a means of carbon capture. This includes landscaping around our 

properties to increase green spaces and creating spaces for urban 

gardening, which indirectly benefits the well-being of our customers 

and employees.

Transitional Risks

Transitional risks align with the idea that the market is transitioning 

to a greener future, and that companies ought to prepare 

themselves for it. Apparent trends, like changing customer 

preferences towards environmentally friendly products and services 

and increasing climate-related mandates and regulations, has 

been observed throughout the business units of LHN Group. LHN 

Group acknowledges this risk and seek to offer a wide range of 

environmentally preferable solutions. For example, EV charging 

outlets are installed in the carparks under the Coliwoo business 

unit to cater to tenants who are using electrical vehicles. In the 

Facilities Management business, we have observed increasing 

requests from clients to provide chemical-free solutions and to 

introduce water-saving technologies. Clients from the Logistics 

business are also requesting that vehicles meet Euro 5 standards 

and above.

 In addition, LHN complies with all climate-related regulations 

relevant to its business units. For example, for land use under JTC, 

we abide by JTC Urban Design Green Requirements which states 

that a site area should achieve a minimum green cover of 30-40%.

20 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

V. SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN


Identified Risks/

Opportunities

Description of Risk and Opportunities and LHN’s Approach

Transitional 

Opportunities

LHN Group acknowledges the need for us to adapt to transitional 

risks and convert them into transitional opportunities.

 For example, we keep up to date with customer’s preferences for 

environmentally preferable products and services to maintain our 

competitive advantage. Examples from the Facilities Management 

business include the provision of goods that are labelled with 

Singapore Environment Council’s Green Label, and eco-enzymes 

that replace harmful chemicals. When acquiring old building sites 

to retrofit, LHN Group look out for buildings that could help them 

attain lower emissions. For example, buildings with natural lighting, 

buildings that are equipped with energy-efficient appliances or have 

central control systems that are more cost and energy efficient. The 

preference for energy and water-efficient features applies to new 

purchases as well, such as LED lighting and water-efficiency taps. 

LHN Group’s space optimisation business are also progressively 

equipping buildings of reasonable tenure with the BCA Green Mark 

Certification, such as 202 Kallang Bahru.

 LHN Group has increasingly been pursuing after lower emissions 

technology. This includes the installation of solar panels on the rooftop 

of properties, installing electric charging outlets in our carparks, and 

the purchase of electrical vehicle to run operations. Although these 

technologies have high capital expenditure costs, we believe that lower 

emission and energy-efficient technologies may be accompanied by 

environmental savings and lower costs in the long term. Within the 

Group itself, our employees are also fitted with up-to-date and energy-

efficient hardware to work productively and consciously.

 For LHN Group to further drive the sustainability initiative, we 

have utilised green loans, subsidies and grants from banks and 

the government to finance high capital expenditure technologies 

that allow LHN Group to decarbonize. To finance the solar 

panel installation for our sites, we utilised the United Overseas 

Bank (UOB) Green Facility Loan which is dedicated to support 

sustainability-related projects. National Environment Agency 

(NEA)’s Energy Efficiency Fund was also used to install remote 

monitoring for selected industrial sites to monitor high energy 

consuming equipment. To replace logistics trucks to meet Euro 5 

standards which was requested by customers, we also utilised Land 

Transport Authority’s Early Turnover Scheme for monetary reliefs.

21 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

V. SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN


Energy Consumption – Our Year’s Progress

The increasing call for action to address concerns of climate change may impact our 

operations on a global scale. We recognise our role as a responsible corporate and have made 

strides to reduce the Group’s overall GHG footprint and improve water conservation efforts.

ENERGY CONSUMPTION (MWh)

0

2,000

4,000

6,000

8,000

10,000

12,000

14,000

16,000

18,000

FY2019

FY2020

SPACE OPTIMISATION

LOGISTICS SERVICES

10,410

10,744

4,975

5,312

9,450

4,496

FY2021

0

1,000

2,000

3,000

4,000

5,000

6,000

FY20193

FY20203

SPACE OPTIMISATION

LOGISTICS SERVICES

2,796

2,885

2,030

2,167

2,529

1,837

FY2021

EMISSION AMOUNT (TCO2e)

FY2021 Targets

• Complete solar panel installation 

at 202 Kallang Bahru and 1557 

Keppel Road by FY2021

 Partially completed, 1557 

Keppel Road to be installed by 

FY2022

• Maintain fuel consumption 

intensity with FY2017 as base 

year

 Achieved

FY2022 Targets

• Complete solar panel installation 

at several properties, increasing 

system capacity to 1,853 kWp

• Maintain fuel consumption 

intensity with FY2017 as base 

year

• Reduce electrical consumption 

intensity by 5% by FY2023 with 

FY2021 as base year

• Complete the installation of 10 

electric vehicle charging points 

across properties and managed 

facilities

Energy Consumption • Space Optimisation Business

In FY2021, the total electrical consumption in the Space 

Optimisation Business operations amounted to 5,312 

MWh, an increase of 7% from FY2020. The increase 

is due to higher occupancy rates in our residential, 

commercial and industrial properties, major alterations 

and additions works at 1557 Keppel Road, and the 

launching of a new property at 1A Lutheran.

Our Year’s Performance

3  Our restatement for FY2019 and FY2020 for total emissions amount relates to non-material differences arising out of an updated database 

on emission factors. Corresponding corrections have been made to emissions intensity.

22 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Protecting Our Environment


Energy Consumption • Logistics Services Business

In FY2021, the total energy consumption was 10,744 MWh, 

a 3% increase as compared to FY2020. Our fuel consumption 

went up by 3% from FY2020, which corresponds with the 

increase in distance travelled by the fleet (FY2021: 2.7 

million km; FY2020: 2.6 million km; FY2019: 2.4 million 

km) as a result of a rise in logistics services provided. On the 

other hand, a 7% decrease in electricity consumption from 

FY2020 was observed at our acquired site used to house 

our fleet of vehicles, as some areas were rented out to other 

tenants.

Energy and Emissions Intensity • Space Optimisation Business 

and Logistics Services Business

The electrical intensity and emissions intensity for our 

combined properties were 0.13MWh/m2 and 0.05 TCO2e/m2 

for FY2021, which is a 44% increase as compared to FY2020 

(0.09MWh/m2; 0.04 TCO2e/m2). Noting the sharp increase in 

electrical and emissions intensity due to the reasons stated 

above, we would be incorporating the use of renewable energy 

to alleviate the increase in the next financial year.

On the other hand, fuel consumption intensity remained at 

0.0011 TCO2e/km since FY2017, having achieved our target 

of maintaining fuel consumption intensity with FY2017 as 

base year. Due to the changing nature of our logistics services 

provided, we are reviewing the way of calculating the distance 

travelled by our vehicle fleet by taking into account scope of 

work and the number of TEUs (Twenty-Foot Equivalent Unit) 

loaded. The methodology will be reviewed and updated by the 

next financial year.

Highlights of FY2021

80%

of our prime movers are Euro 5 

standards and above

Green Mark

Certified for our joint venture 

building 202 Kallang Bahru

IOT4 

deployment

Remote Meter Monitoring 

installed to better monitor 

energy and building 

performance

4  The Internet of things (IoT) refers to the installation of sensors, processing abilities, software or other technologies on to physical objects. These 

technologies have the ability to contact and exchange data with other systems or devices over the Internet, or other forms of communication 

networks.

23 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Protecting Our Environment


Green Mark Certification

Building and Construction Authority (“BCA”) Green Mark 

is a green building rating system to evaluate buildings for 

its environmental impact and performance. In FY2021, to 

promote sustainable design and operation, we successfully 

attained the Green Mark Platinum certification for one of our 

properties – 202 Kallang Bahru. To continue pursuing green 

building achievements, LHN group aims to attain Green Mark 

certification for another one of our property at 55 Tuas South 

Avenue 1.

Solar panel installation on rooftop

In order to expand LHN’s renewable energy generation 

capacity, solar panels have been installed on the rooftops of 

our building spaces since 2019. In FY2021, we completed 

the solar panel installation at 202 Kallang Bahru, allowing 

the total system capacity of our solar panels to increase to 

608 kWp from 455 kWp in FY2020. In line with Singapore’s 

Green Plan and our target to further advance Singapore’s 

transition to a lower carbon future, we aim to complete 

solar panel installations at more rooftop spaces and attain a 

maximum system capacity of 1,852 kWp. To reduce LHN’s 

group emissions, we will look into the use of green electricity 

for internal usage from FY2022 onwards.

INITIATIVES LAUNCHED IN 

2021 AND FUTURE ACTION 

PLAN

Completed Solar Panels at the following sites, as of 

FY2021:

• 72 Eunos

• 100 Eunos

• 38 Ang Mo Kio

• 202 Kallang Bahru

Upcoming Solar Panel Installation Projects in 

FY2022:

• 1557 Keppel Road

• 44 Kallang Place

• 34 Boon Leat Terrace

• 31 Boon Lay Drive

• 320 Balestier

• 1A Lutheran

24 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Protecting Our Environment


Installation of electric vehicle charging outlets

LHN group acknowledges the gradual shift towards electric 

vehicles amongst both employees and customers. Under 

the Facilities Management business, an electric vehicle was 

purchased in FY2021 to carry out maintenance operations. 

During the year, we also installed charging outlets at our 

residential properties and our managed carparks to facilitate 

the use of electric vehicles by end-users. This has provided 

users approximately 24 MWh of electricity in FY2021, 

offsetting 24 TCO2e as compared to conventional vehicles. In 

FY2022, we aim to install 10 electric vehicle charging points 

across all our carparks and properties managed.

Remote meter monitoring systems in Space Optimisation: 

Industrial and Commercial Properties

Remote meter monitoring provides real-time data of 

electricity consumption by LHN group, as well as its tenants. 

This makes the data collection process more specific, 

accurate, and improves efficiency as well. Tenants are 

provided with accurate consumption data, facilitating the 

billing process. LHN group will also be easily informed of 

any energy-consuming machinery and equipment which 

the group can look to optimize, or to change to a more 

energy-efficient one. Specifically, LHN launched an Internet 

of Things (“IoT”) Deployment at Ang Mo Kio site named AMK 

Work Plus. Please refer to below for the detailed case study.

CASE STUDY:

KEEPING UP WITH HIGHER STANDARDS FOR TRANSPORTATION VEHICLES

Over the past year, the Logistics business 

took care to upgrade its fleet of vehicles 

to meet customer’s increased expectations 

– An estimated 80% of trucks in the 

logistics business are Euro 5 and above. 

The remaining 20% are spare trucks and 

are usually not in operation. Moving forward, 

LHN logistics seek to explore the use of 

prime mover trucks that are powered by 

electrical energy. 



25 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Protecting Our Environment


CASE STUDY:

PARKING GUIDANCE SYSTEM AT THE STAR VISTA CARPARK

Under LHN Parking, all 825 parking lots in 

The Star Vista Carpark have been installed 

with automated sensors to indicate the 

availability of a lot. This sensor acts as both 

a sensor and a light, which saves energy 

consumption as electricity is only running 

through a single device. Instead of circling 

around the carpark in search for available 

lots, visitors of The Star Vista Carpark can  

also benefit by manoeuvring directly to an  

available parking lot, reducing fuel 

consumption.

CASE STUDY:

AMK WORK PLUS – IOT DEPLOYMENT AT ANG MO KIO SITE

At LHN, a value proposition was made to 

better monitor the energy and performance 

of our buildings. As compared to existing 

efforts to collect energy consumption data of 

common areas, lighting, and air-conditioning 

manually, the proposed deployment involves 

sending real-time data to a private cloud 

database, of which dashboards of the system 

could be generated, and any anomalies in 

energy consumption of systems and machines 

would be conveyed to an on-site LHN staff via 

a chatbot, who can swiftly deal with the issue 

at hand. Potential benefits of this deployment 

include real-time energy monitoring, energy 

efficiency and performance tracking, as 

well as detection of system and equipment 

anomalies. This has successfully been 

launched in one of our sites at 38 Ang Mo 

Kio, and LHN group is looking to expand 

this technology at 5 Toa Payoh West in the 

next financial year.

Existing: Energy Data collected manually

Future: Digitized Energy Performance Monitoring









26 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Protecting Our Environment


Water Consumption – Our Year’s Progress

0

20,000

40,000

60,000

80,000

100,000

120,000

FY2019

FY2020

SPACE OPTIMISATION

LOGISTICS SERVICES

2,932

6,741

85,729

91,713

–

53,917

FY2021

WATER CONSUMPTION (m3)

WATER CONSUMPTION INTENSITY (m3/m2)

0.00

0.50

1.00

1.50

2.00

2.50

FY2019

FY2020

SPACE OPTIMISATION

LOGISTICS SERVICES

1.74

2.34

–

1.52

FY2021

0.81

0.35

FY2021 Targets

• Reduce water consumption 

intensity 5% by 2023 with 

FY2017 as base year

 A 31% increase from 

FY2017, improvement 

required

FY2022 Targets

• Reduce water consumption 

intensity 5% by FY2023 with 

FY2017 as base year

The water across our operations in Singapore is sourced 

from the municipal water supplier. Being in a country where 

water is a precious resource, we are cognizant of the impacts 

that water wastage has on the business. Therefore, at LHN, 

we regularly assess water consumption performance at our 

properties and take necessary measures, where required to 

minimise wastage.

Our Year’s Performance

27 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Protecting Our Environment


Water Consumption • Space Optimisation Business

In FY2021, the water consumption for common toilet 

facilities and landscaping purposes amounted to 91,713 m3, 

an increase of 7% from 85,729 m3 in FY2020. Our increase 

in water consumption is due to further increases in occupancy 

rate of residential properties, in addition to the launching of a 

new property at 1A Lutheran during FY2021.

Thanks to our commitment to install water saving taps for 

100% of newly acquired properties, as of end September 

2021, 74% of all properties we manage under Space 

Optimisation Business, if applicable, were installed with 

water saving taps. These water saving taps are installed with 

sensor nodes to monitor real time water consumption data 

and detection of water leaks.

Water Consumption • Logistics Services Business

In FY2021, total water withdrawn by Logistics Services 

Business amounted to 6,741 m3, a 130% increase from 

FY2020. A significant amount of water was utilised to wash 

soiled tyres of vehicles that enter in and out of our premises 

due to the ongoing renovation works.

Water Consumption Intensity • Space Optimisation Business and 

Logistics Services Business

The water consumption intensity in Space Optimisation 

Business showed an increase from 1.74 m3/m2 in FY2020 

to 2.34 m3/m2 in FY2021 due to the higher occupancy 

rate. On the other hand, the water consumption intensity in 

Logistics Services Business showed an increase from 0.35 

m3/m2 in FY2020 to 0.81 m3/m2 in FY2021 due to necessary 

upkeeping of vehicle fleets, as mentioned above.

Overall, water consumption intensity including both Space 

Optimisation Business and Logistics Services Business 

amounted to 2.07 m3/m2 in FY2021, resulting in a 31% 

disparity from FY2017 intensity. Steps will be taken to 

achieve the targeted water consumption intensity of 1.50 

m3/m2 by FY2023, such as the increased utilisation of water 

saving taps, as well as the reusing of rainwater for irrigation of 

crops and trees under Coliwoo's urban farming initiatives.

74%

of all properties in Space 

Optimisation Business are 

installed with water saving taps

Highlights of FY2021

28 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Protecting Our Environment


The safety and well-being of our employees and tenants are of utmost importance to us. As such, we 

constantly strive to provide a safe and conducive working environment and to inculcate a culture where 

individuals commit to practicing ‘safety-first’ habits.

Health and Safety – Our Year’s Progress

WORKERS

FY2019

FY2020

FY2021

Work-related fatalities

0

0

0

High-consequence 

work related injury

0

0

0

Number of work-related injury

Employees

1

4

3

Work-related injury rate (per million hours worked)

Employees

2

4

3

Number of work-related ill health

Employees

0

0

8

Work-related ill health rate (per million hours worked)

Employees

0

0

9

Working hours

Employees

578,996

1,131,799

940,324

Lost Days due to work-related injuries

Employees

5

88

165

5 Fines less than S$500 are considered immaterial.

FY2021 Targets

• Zero work-related fatalities

 Achieved

• Less than 5 work-related injuries 

a year within LHN’s premises

 Achieved

• Less than 5 work-related injuries 

a year offsite

 Achieved

• Zero fines5 or penalties relating 

to customer health and safety for 

Space Optimisation Business

 Achieved

FY2022 Targets

• Zero work-related fatalities

• Less than 5 work-related injuries 

a year within LHN’s premises

• Less than 5 work-related injuries 

a year offsite

• Zero fines or penalties relating to 

customer health and safety for 

Space Optimisation Business

Our Year’s Performance

The total working hours decreased by 17% in FY2021 mainly 

due to the decrease in our total number of employees and a 

higher total of paid leave of absence taken by our employees 

in FY2021.

During the year, there were three work-related injury 

incidents resulting in 165 lost days, all of which were slip, 

trip and fall incidents. Protecting the employees’ health, 

safety and well-being are imperative to the business and an 

integral part of our human capital management, which has 

29 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Safeguarding Health and Safety


HAZARD IDENTIFICATION, RISK ASSESSMENT AND INCIDENT 

INVESTIGATION

• We conduct risk assessments and identification of hazards, 

as relevant to the scope of our core business activities. We 

have controls that are put in place to minimise safety risks 

for our employees where hazards are identified.

• We also require our contractors to submit a copy 

of the contractors’ internal risk assessment prior to 

commencement of work under the Space Optimisation 

Business. Facility managers will review hazard identification 

assessment and perform checks to ensure appropriate 

controls are implemented by contractors where necessary.

MANAGEMENT APPROACH 

WITH REFERENCE TO OHS 

GRI 2018

become increasingly critical given the COVID-19 pandemic 

backdrop.We have taken the necessary measures, such 

as, replaced uneven floorings, provided training on proper 

handling of equipment and communicated to our employees 

the importance of maintaining vigilance of surroundings at 

the workplace, in our efforts to avoid re-occurrence of the 

injuries.

Further to that, we have introduced precautionary protocols 

in our fight against COVID-19 on our premises, where we 

continue to maintain strict oversight over the adherence of 

them by our employees and tenants. The case study section 

below details more information on the protocols.

Achieved 

ISO45001:2018

certification for LHN’s Logistics 

Services Business6

Highlights of FY2021

Achieved 

BizSAFE STAR7

for LHN’s Logistics 

Services Business

6 ISO45001:2018 Occupational Health and Safety Management System certification (OHSMS) has been attained by Hean Nerng Logistics 

Pte. Ltd..

7 Attaining BizSAFE STAR means that company’s Workplace Safety and Health Management System (WSHMS) is in compliance with the 

Workplace Safety and Health (WSH) Act and international standards such as ISO 45001. 

30 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Safeguarding Health and Safety


WORKER PARTICIPATION, CONSULTATION, AND COMMUNICATION 

ON OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY (“OHS”)

• To better facilitate engagement and discussions on 

occupational health and safety processes or incidents, 

regular safety-related inspections are conducted and open 

communication channels are maintained for each business 

units. They include monthly fire safety inspections at the 

properties under Space Optimisation Business, yearly ISO 

OHSMS audits and group chat including both management 

and staff maintained to promptly relay incident occurrences 

for Logistics Services Business and lastly, guidance 

provided to staff in regards to health and safety for the 

Facilities Management Business.

• Apart from the regular meetings, safety data sheet8 

provided by suppliers, OHS related policies and Standard 

of Procedures (“SOP”) will be used as guidance for 

our employees to stay abreast of the potential hazards 

associated with their jobs and to practise precautionary 

behaviour for a safe work environment.

WORKERS’ HEALTH AND OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

TRAININGS

• LHN conducts mandatory safety courses every year which 

include Hazmat, Work at Height and Workplace Safety and 

Health In Process Plant trainings.

• Aside from having a safe work environment at LHN, 

ensuring the wellness of our employees is paramount 

against the COVID-19 pandemic backdrop. At LHN 

we prioritise the health and wellness of our employees 

and staff by providing a series of webinars on pain 

management and health screening. Please refer to 

Monthly Employee Engagement Programme case study on 

page 44 for more details.

8 A safety data sheet is a term used for detailed informational document prepared by a manufacturer, as applicable, for their products as part 

of the hazard communication protocol set out by applicable standards.

31 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Safeguarding Health and Safety


We pride ourselves on strong, mutually beneficial relationships formed with our customers. We 

seek to maintain a track record of service quality excellence and in being a trusted business 

partner for all suppliers, customers and tenants working with us.

Customer Satisfaction – Our Year’s Progress

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION SURVEY RESULTS

FY2019

FY2020

FY2021

0%

10%

20%

30%

40%

50%

60%

70%

80%

90%

100%

LOGISTICS SERVICES

SPACE OPTIMISATION

FACILITIES MANAGEMENT

91%

87%

79%

75%

85%

82%

91%

86%

85%

FY2021 Targets

• Space Optimisation Business: 

70%

 Achieved – 79%

• Facilities Management Business: 

70%

 Achieved – 85%

• Logistics Services Business: 

70%

 Achieved – 91%

FY2022 Targets

• Space Optimisation Business: 

70%

• Facilities Management Business: 

70%

• Logistics Services Business: 

70%

Our Year’s Performance

In order to better serve the needs of our customers, our 

various business segments have been conducting yearly 

customer satisfaction surveys, which are imperative for 

identifying areas of improvement.

Over the past three years, our customer satisfaction scores 

for Facilities Management and Logistics Services Businesses 

has remained relatively consistent. Despite increased client 

expectations on cleanliness standards and frequency amidst 

the continuing COVID-19 pandemic, the Space Optimisation 

business has shown a slight increase in customer satisfaction 

scores from 75% in FY2020 to 79% in FY2021. We also 

reviewed our methodology of calculation to depict a more 

accurate score amongst the different space optimisation 

businesses. Please refer to the appendix for the updated 

calculation methodology.

32 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Cultivating Strong Business Values


All customers’ feedbacks and complaints received are 

reviewed by each business segment’s management team.

Appropriate corrective measures to resolve matters raised will 

be implemented in a timely manner.

In FY2021, there were two complaints received in our 

space optimisation – residential sites. A complaint of minor 

defects surfaced due to wear-and tear, which was responded 

to within 24 hours. Depending on the extensiveness of repair 

plans needed, any rectifications to these defects are done 

within one to three working days. We also strengthened 

the quality of checks for such defects, particularly during 

times when old tenants end their tenancy, to allow a 

smooth transition for new tenants. In addition, there was a 

complaint made on the response time to on-site incidents 

during off-working hours due to the diversion of calls. In 

order to prevent the re-occurrence of long waiting time 

during emergency situations, a dedicated telephone line 

to the operations response team was made instead, taking 

responsibility for informing the on-site facility team who is 

on 24-hours standby to handle all incidents and situations 

immediately.

LHN will continue to monitor the effectiveness of existing 

business practices in ensuring the needs of our customers are 

satisfactorily met.

Average Score of 85% for 

our customer satisfaction Survey

Highlights of FY2021

33 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Cultivating Strong Business Values


INITIATIVES LAUNCHED IN 

2021 AND FUTURE ACTION 

PLAN

TRAINING ON PANDEMIC READINESS AND INVALUABLE 

TECHNOLOGICAL SUPPORT FOR GROUND STAFF

In order to allow ground staff of the Facilities Management 

business to fully utilise the I Clean Software (Refer to case 

study on page 35), training sessions have been organised for 

them to accustom to the technology. Staff whom successfully 

completed the training are rewarded as well. Thanks to the 

training sessions, 80% of cleaning staff are now well able 

to use the mobile application. In view of the COVID-19 

pandemic, ground staff have also been well-trained to handle 

instances when a suspected or confirmed case warrants the 

need for disinfection of facilities.

WEB-BASED EMAIL TICKETING SYSTEM FOR LHN PARKING

A Web-based Email Ticketing System has been developed 

in FY2021, which has greatly enhanced the productivity 

of the customer service team at LHN Parking. A ticket is 

created with every email enquiry, which gives us the ability to 

track and provide data analytics for these incoming emails. 

With combination of Artificial Intelligence (“AI”), workflow 

productivity, and automation, the tickets are routed to the 

correct staff within LHN Parking.

34 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Cultivating Strong Business Values


CASE STUDY:

INTEGRATED CLEANING TECHNOLOGIES

INTEGRATED CLEANING TECHNOLOGIES IN 

FACILITIES MANAGEMENT BUSINESS

Since FY2020, LHN Facilities 

Management Business has started 

utilising Integrated Cleaning Technologies 

to improve the productivity and quality 

of cleaning services for our clients and 

end-users. This includes the use of 

advanced technologies, software, and 

centralised data management platforms 

to enhance LHN’s smart toilet solution 

capabilities. 

The autonomous scrubbing robot 

deployed at some of our facilities 

management properties has been 

well-received. It’s ability to thoroughly 

clean and disinfect has reduced the 

manpower and total time required 

for cleaning services. The I Clean 

software, a mobile service application, 

records attendance of cleaning staff 

through facial recognition and location 

detection technology. Daily schedules of 

cleaning staff are disseminated via the 

application, which is available in four 

different languages – English, Chinese, 

Malay and Tamil to cater to our staff 

from diverse racial backgrounds.  Each 

staff’s workflow can also be customised 

remotely according to site requirements. 

In addition, sensors installed in toilets 

are able to track and analyse traffic flow, 

triggering changes in work schedules 

dispatched to staff. For example, if high 

traffic flow is observed by the sensor at a 

particular location, ground staff would be 

alerted to disinfect timely via changes to 

his/her work task management. This way, 

effective and efficient cleaning services 

are provided.

With these various integrated 

technologies in place, staff are 

more efficient, providing the highest 

satisfaction for users with lower 

manpower and in a shorter time period. 

Physical checks on-site are reduced, 

increasing efficiency and labour cost 

savings for our clients.

Users of cleaning facilities can also 

promptly give their feedback via a readily 

accessible QR code system – the link 

provided will redirect feedback providers 

to our friendly customer officers. 



DIGITALISATION PATHWAY

REAL CASE STUDY OF INTEGRATED SOLUTIONS

DIGITALISATION PATHWAY

REAL CASE STUDY OF INTEGRATED SOLUTIONS

1

2

3

4











































































































































Installation of Toilet 

Sensors System

Derive data and 

analyse traffic flow 

New work schedule 

changed in iClean

Provision of effective 

and efficient cleaning 

Software and add 

disinfect into work task 

t

services

management 













35 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Cultivating Strong Business Values


CASE STUDY:

URBAN FARMING AT COLIWOO ROOFTOPS

CASE STUDY:

UTILISING TECHNOLOGIES FOR PEST CONTROL

Urban farming has become quite a bit 

more than a fad or innovation showcase 

for the Coliwoo community. By leveraging 

the ample spaces present in our 

properties, our tenants have collectively 

joined Singapore’s urban farming 

scene, aligning with Singapore’s goal of 

enhancing food security and attaining 

self-sufficiency.

While take great care to ensure that 

produce is grown free of pesticides, 

“Coliwoo Urban Farmers” have 

Under the Facilities Management 

Business, utilisation of technology 

has been integral in upgrading the 

services provided for clients. In terms 

of pest control, a robotic system which 

encompasses multi-stage mosquito 

attractants has been deployed for some 

properties. The system is able to identify 

incorporated sustainable zero-waste 

and energy-saving practices into their 

gardening experience. Participants 

are able to reap the benefits of a 

farm-to-table concept by enjoying and 

sharing the produced harvest with one 

another. This has greatly boosted the 

social relationships of the tenants of 

Coliwoo properties together. 

locations which has higher density of 

mosquitoes or which have a high potential 

to be a breeding ground. The system 

works on a large range of mosquito 

species, including the Aedes Aegypti, the 

yellow fever mosquito that is capable of 

spreading dengue fever, Zika fever, and 

other disease agents.













36 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Cultivating Strong Business Values


Security of Information &amp; Corporate Governance – Our Year’s Progress

Our Year’s Performance

SECURITY OF INFORMATION

At LHN, we continue to adhere to our Personal Data 

Protection policy which is aligned with Singapore Personal 

Data Protection Act 2012.

Over the past five years, LHN group has not faced any 

substantiated complaints or identified leaks, thefts or 

losses of customer data. With continued work-from-home 

arrangements during the year as precaution against 

COVID-19, the importance of ensuring data and information 

security and confidentiality continues to be echoed across 

the organisation. Channels are also open for employees to 

promptly report on such related incidents as soon as they 

become aware.

We pride ourselves on strong, mutually beneficial relationships formed with our customers. We seek to maintain a 

track record of service quality excellence and in being a trusted business partner for all suppliers, customers and 

tenants working with us.

FY2021 Targets

• Zero substantiated complaints or 

identified leaks, thefts or losses 

of customer data

 Achieved

• Zero confirmed incidents of 

corruption

 Achieved

• Zero non-compliance cases with 

applicable laws and regulations

 One non-compliance case 

with applicable regulations

FY2022 Targets

• Zero substantiated complaints or 

identified leaks, thefts or losses 

of customer data

• Zero confirmed incidents of 

corruption

• Zero non-compliance cases with 

applicable laws and regulations

37 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Cultivating Strong Business Values


ANTI-CORRUPTION AND COMPLIANCE

The Group maintains its stance in upholding high ethical 

standards, which we believe is integral to our corporate 

identity, business and success.

Our corporate policies and guidelines have been updated 

based on the latest Code of Corporate Governance 2018 and 

are aligned with SGX’s Rules of the Catalist, HKEX Main 

Board Listing Rules and the applicable laws and regulations 

where we operate in. For FY2021, we have maintained our 

compliance with HKEX’s updated ESG content requirements.

The Group furthers hold zero tolerance towards 

improprieties in relation to bribery, extortion, fraud, 

financial reporting and money laundering. Our stakeholders 

are encouraged to report and raise in good faith their 

concerns about possible improprieties to our chairman 

and members of the audit committee at this email: 

auditcommittee@lhngroup.com.sg. All reports will be 

addressed in accordance with our whistle-blowing policy and 

be kept in confidence.

In FY2021, there were zero confirmed incidents of 

corruption brought against the Group or any of its employee. 

In view of the need for anti-corruption training to be provided 

to directors and staff, LHN will be conducting anti-corruption 

training for its directors and its Head of Departments in 

FY2022. The training will allow attendees to understand 

the definition of corruption, the penalties involved, as well 

as cases and real-life examples of offences. However, there 

was a single case of noncompliance with applicable laws 

and regulations. Due to an incorrect declaration of customs 

permit, a fine of S$1,000 was redirected to LHN Logistics 

from its customer. This has been duly noted by LHN, and 

extra care will be taken in the following years to prevent the 

same occurrence.

Implementation of

Two Factor 

Authentication

for LHN Network in 2021

Highlights of FY2021

38 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Cultivating Strong Business Values


INITIATIVES LAUNCHED IN 

2021 AND FUTURE ACTION 

PLAN

CYBER SECURITY AWARENESS TRAINING AND TESTING

Similar to past years, the Information Technology (“IT”) 

Department provides annual cyber security awareness 

trainings to all our employees. This is in view of higher risk 

of cyber-attack with the increased number of remote working 

arrangements. The training shared good practices for setting 

passwords and when sending emails, know-hows to identify 

phishing emails, steps to take when using public Wi-Fi and 

more. This training will be held as a refresher and also to 

inform employees of any new cyber security risks in the 

ensuing years, including FY2021. We have also begun to 

conduct an annual penetration testing process for both our 

internal LHN network and our external websites, to ensure 

both the security and quality of our digital platforms.

PATCH MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

In FY2021, LHN has incorporated KACE Patch Management 

System which can patch and update Windows and Mac 

platforms, as well as potentially vulnerable third-party 

applications such as Adobe Reader and Oracle Java. Serving 

as a single source for software patch management, KACE 

helps reduce the complexity of IT infrastructure because we 

do not have to maintain multiple patching solutions. Periodic 

scans and patch assessments help identify computers where 

automated patch management isn’t working, so we can 

address those computers and correct the problem in real 

time. This also reduces infrastructure and resource costs by 

using a single solution to manage patches for heterogeneous 

environments.

The KACE SMA automatically sends out patch updates and 

users can choose when their patch updates and system reboot 

happen so that work is not disrupted. Administrators can 

coordinate patch updates across complex and distributed user 

bases while maintaining visibility into the patching phases on 

a per-machine basis. It also quickly discover vulnerabilities in 

the environment and identify systems that are not compliant 

with security and configuration policies with powerful security 

audits.

39 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Cultivating Strong Business Values


CASE STUDY:

TWO FACTOR AUTHENTICATION ("2FA") FOR LHN NETWORK

2FA FOR LHN’S VPN ACCESS

In FY2021, we incorporated an additional 

layer of security – a 2FA process to our 

group’s VPN Gateway. Our employees will 

now have to authenticate their device before 

they can access the company’s VPN gateway 

from a remote location. Due to COVID-19 

and the resulting imposed instructions, this 

added security function is paramount to 

ensure secure information and data access, 

as employees continue to work remotely from 

home.



DOCUMENT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

In FY2021, we have implemented a new Document 

Management System which aims to provide a common digital 

platform and intelligent information management solution 

for file sharing within LHN. This not only provides us with a 

secure storage network of files to facilitate work collaborations 

within the LHN Group, but also allow our employees to access 

real-time information anytime and anywhere.

The Document Management System has also provided the 

ability to automate all phases of vendor invoice processing – 

from the reception of the original document to the creation 

of an accounting book entry. This combination of document 

capture with advanced imaging technology has empowered 

the workflow capabilities of our finance department.

DIGITALISATION OF NAME CARDS FOR LHN

LHN intends to transition from using physical paper-based 

name cards to digitalised name cards for all our employees 

over the course of FY2022 with the initiative being initially 

implemented in November 2021. This small change will 

ultimately contribute to a huge reduction in both paper 

consumption and printing for LHN and lower our employees 

carbon footprint.

40 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Cultivating Strong Business Values


As an employer, we believe that a diverse work environment will fuel innovation and ideas 

which is core to our business. Further pledging our commitment to TAFEP, we pride ourselves 

in being an employer who practices fair employment and provides equal opportunities to all.

Fair Employment Practices – Our Year’s Progress

Our Year’s Performance:

As a group with expertise across various core business 

segments and a diverse customer base involving both 

corporates and individuals, we place great importance on 

establishing a workplace that is built on diversity and equal 

opportunities. As at end of FY2021, we have approximately 

64% male to 36% female employees on average. This is a 

slight improvement in comparison to FY2020’s values of 65% 

male to 35% female on average.

The overall workforce numbers have a significant decrease 

from 510 as at the end of FY2020 to 430 employees as at 

the end of current year. This is mainly due to the decrease 

in the number of part-time employees under LHN. The 

Group has now stabilised its operations at its newly launched 

dormitory business that began in April 2020 and no longer 

need to employ as many part-time and temporary employees 

to oversee operational requirements.

For more information on our employee profile by gender, 

employment type and employment contract at the end of 

FY2019, FY2020 and FY2021, kindly refer to the below:

FY2021 Targets

• No confirmed cases of 

discriminations

 Achieved

• Average of 15 training hours per 

employee

 Average of 6.1 training hours 

per employee

FY2022 Targets

• No confirmed cases of 

discriminations

• Average of 15 training hours per 

employee

Employee Profile

0

50

100

150

200

250

FY2019

FULL TIME &amp; PERMANENT

CONTRACT

MALE

FEMALE

MALE

FEMALE

PART TIME &amp; TEMPORARY

CONTRACT

198

220

127

133

136

56

49

21

FY2020

FY2021

152

104

0

3

41 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Creating A Fair Workplace


FAIR EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES • NEW HIRES AND EMPLOYEE 

TURNOVER RATES

In FY2021, there were a total of 89 new hires (FY2020: 413 

new hires) and 169 turnovers (FY2020: 162 turnovers). Refer 

to the below charts for a breakdown of our employees’ new 

hire and turnover rate by age group and gender.

A high turnover rate was recorded due to nature of part-time 

temporary workers engaged for our new dormitory business.

&lt;30 years old

30-50 years old

&gt;50 years old

Number of 

Employees 

by age group

FY2020

133

272

105

FY2021

86

230

114

Percentage 

of new hire 

employees 

by age group

FY2020

87.2%

86.8%

58.1%

FY2021

18.6%

16.5%

30.7%

Percentage 

of turnover 

rate by age 

group

FY2020

65.3%

72.9%

42.9%

FY2021

73.3%

34.8%

22.8%

Male

Female

Percentage of new 

hire employees by 

gender

FY2020

93.1%

58.0%

FY2021

16.7%

27.9%

Percentage of 

turnover rate by 

gender

FY2020

36.2%

23.3%

FY2021

33.3%

50.0%

19.6% increase in average 

training hours per employee

Highlights of FY2021

42 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Creating A Fair Workplace


FAIR EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES • AVERAGE TRAINING HOURS BY 

GENDER AND EMPLOYEE CATEGORY

LHN believes that the investment in the learning and 

development of our employees can help the Group retain its 

competitive edge within our industry. Our HR department 

considers the various business segments’ development 

needs and skillsets required by employees when arranging 

for training programmes tailored to our employees. At LHN, 

sponsorships are also granted to employees for taking up 

relevant courses not arranged by the Group.

On a yearly basis, our employees are evaluated on their 

performance through an appraisal conducted. Similar to our 

Group’s practice in FY2020 our supervisors and employees 

will also have opened feedback discussions on ways to 

improve an employee’s performance and their development.

In FY2021, we achieved in total 2,614 training hours 

(FY2019: 2,509 hours, FY2020: 2,588 hours) for our 

employees, resulting in an average of 6.1 hours per employee 

(FY2019: 9.7 hours, FY2020: 5.1 hours per employee). 

These training courses are designed to fulfil various 

knowledge and skillsets required of our employees ranging 

from financial-related courses to safety trainings. The increase 

in average training hours per employee by 19.6% in FY2021 

was due to a decrease in workforce numbers and an increase 

in training programs conducted. However, LHN is aware that 

it is still short of meeting its target of 15 training hours per 

employee. Due to certain logistics constraints of our training 

programme vendor, our planned annual training program 

could not be conducted in time in FY2021. Efforts to achieve 

our target will be stepped up in the following financial year, 

with careful consideration of the timeline and extra hours 

required.

43 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Creating A Fair Workplace


AVERAGE TRAINING HOURS

BY EMPLOYEE CATEGORY

(HOURS)

FY20209

FY2021

0.00

5.00

10.00

15.00

20.00

25.00

30.00

STAFF

ASSISTANT

&amp; EXECUTIVE

ASSISTANT

MANAGER

&amp; MANAGER

SENIOR

MANAGEMENT

4.65

6.65

4.11

8.47

15.67

26.89

8.69

3.41

FY2020

FY2021

0.00

1.00

2.00

3.00

4.00

5.00

6.00

7.00

8.00

3.76

6.04

7.56

6.14

MALE

FEMALE

AVERAGE TRAINING HOURS BY GENDER

(HOURS)

In FY2021, we have also organised monthly engagement programmes which are open for all 

employees to attend subject to their preference. Some of these programmes are shared in the 

case study below.

EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT PROGRAM

It is evident that an engaged workforce 

benefits in many ways. Benefits include 

high employee morale, increased 

efficiency, enhanced wellbeing, mental 

wellness and more. With the adoption of a 

Work-from-Home approach and flexible work 

schedule during the COVID-19 pandemic, we 

aim to sustain a workplace environment that 

promotes wellbeing for all our employees. We 

have introduced a suite of impactful health 

and mental wellness webinars on COVID-19 

Vaccine Awareness, Pain Management, 

Self-Care During Stressful Times and Health 

Screening Programme for employees to better 

understand their health status and better 

manage their health conditions.

CASE STUDIES:

EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT PROGRAMME, LONG SERVICE AWARD AND CSR INITIATIVES





9  Our restatement for FY2020 for Average Training Hours by Employees Category, differences arose out of improved data collection procedures 

adopted and updated formulas in re-calculations. Corresponding corrections have been made to data reflected in the graph.

44 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Creating A Fair Workplace


LHN 2021 LONG SERVICE AWARD

LHN appreciates our employees for 

their continued loyalty, dedication, and 

contributions. In recognition of that, we 

proudly presented the Long Service Award 

of 5, 10 and 15 years respectively to 

25 employees.



LHN 2021 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 

INITIATIVES

LHN is committed to creating a sense of 

community by bringing people together and 

working towards a single cause. LHN has 

partnered Food from the Heart organisation 

and participated in the volunteer work in 

August 2021 to make National Day more 

meaningful. To spread the joy of LHN Group’s 

30th Anniversary to a larger crowd, we have 

sponsored food items for families in need 

and have launched a donation drive initiative. 

The purpose is to raise awareness of local 

needs and encourage unity. We volunteered 

our time to support a cause and it gives us a 

sense of purpose in life. The fulfilling feeling 

of giving back and contributing to society is 

unparalleled.









45 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Creating A Fair Workplace


LHN LIMITED

LHN GROUP PTE. LTD.

SPACE OPTIMISATION BUSINESS

FACILITIES MANAGEMENT BUSINESS

Logistics Services Business

• Chua Eng Chong Holdings Pte. Ltd.

• Coliwoo Dormitory Management 

Pte. Ltd. 

• Hean Nerng Logistics Pte. Ltd. (“HNL”)

• Coliwoo Balestier Pte. Ltd.

• New Shiso Catering Pte. Ltd. 

• Coliwoo Keppel Pte. Ltd.

• Industrial &amp; Commercial Facilities 

Management Pte. Ltd.

• Emerald Properties Pte. Ltd.

• LHN Parking Pte. Ltd.

• GreenHub Suited Offices Pte. Ltd.

• Hean Nerng Facilities Management Pte. Ltd.

• LHN Energy Resources Pte. Ltd.

• LHN Facilities Management Pte. Ltd.

• LHN Properties Investments Pte. Ltd.

• LHN Space Resources Pte. Ltd.

• Singapore Handicrafts Pte Ltd

• Soon Wing Investments Pte. Ltd.

• Work Plus Store (Joo Seng) Pte. Ltd.

• Work Plus Store Pte. Ltd.

46 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

APPENDIX A.

ENTITIES INCLUDED IN THE GROUP’S SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


This section details key definitions, methodologies and data boundaries applied to LHN Limited’s Sustainability Report, as 

we endeavour to elevate transparency and facilitate comparability of our data disclosed. These definitions and methodologies 

are adapted with reference to the GRI Standards Glossary 2016, Reporting Recommendations and Guidance set out in the 

respective GRI disclosures and various authoritative intergovernmental instruments.

10 Facilities Management Business is not covered in the scope for environmental-related material matters due to nature of the operations which involve a large 

number of resources being stationed at clients’ properties. Their energy and water consumption data are not available. Whereas for office staff, energy and water 

consumption data is covered under the environment data of LHN’s headquarters.

SOCIAL

Employee

Employees are defined as individuals who are in an 

employment relationship with the Group.

New hires and turnover (rates) 

New hires are defined as new employees who have joined 

the Group during the financial year. 

Turnover is defined as all employees who have left the 

Group voluntarily, or due to dismissal, retirement or death in 

service during the financial year. 

New hires/turnover rate is the total number of new 

hires/employee turnovers in the financial year, relative to the 

total number of employees recorded as at financial year-end.

New hires/turnover rate by age group is the total number 

of new hires/employee turnovers for each age group in the 

financial year, relative to the total number of employees in 

the respective age groups recorded as at financial year-end. 

New hires/turnover rate by gender is the total number 

of female/(male) new hires/employee turnovers for each 

gender in the financial year, relative to the total number of 

female/(male) employees recorded as at financial year-end. 

Training hours 

Average training hours per employee is the total number of 

training hours incurred during the financial year provided 

to employees, relative to the total number of employees 

recorded as at financial year-end. 

Average training hours per female/(male) employee is the 

total number of training hours provided to female/(male) 

employees, relative to the total number of female/(male) 

employees recorded as at financial year-end. 

Average training hours per employee category is the total 

number of training hours provided to each category of 

employees, relative to the total number of employees in the 

category recorded as at financial year-end. 

Non-employee Workers 

Non-employee workers are defined as workers who are not 

employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled 

by the organisation; Or workers who are not employees 

and whose work and workplace are not controlled by the 

organisation, but the organisation’s operations, products 

or services are directly linked to significant occupational 

health and safety impacts on those workers by its business 

relationships. 

ENVIRONMENT10 

Climate-related Physical Risks 

Physical risks emanating from climate change can be 

event-driven (acute) such as increased severity of extreme 

weather events (e.g., cyclones, droughts, floods, and fires). 

They can also relate to longer-term shifts (chronic) in 

precipitation and temperature and increased variability in 

weather patterns (e.g., sea level rise). 

Climate-related Transitional Risks 

Climate-related risks can also be associated with the transition 

to a lower-carbon global economy, the most common of which 

relate to policy and legal actions, technology changes, market 

responses, and reputational considerations. 

Climate-related Opportunities 

Climate-related opportunities refers to the potential positive 

impacts related to climate change on an organisation. 

Efforts to mitigate and adapt to climate change can produce 

opportunities for organisations, such as through resource 

efficiency and cost savings, the adoption and utilisation 

of low-emission energy sources, the development of new 

products and services, and building resilience along the 

supply chain. Climate-related opportunities will vary 

depending on the region, market, and industry in which an 

organisation operates. 

Energy consumption within the Group 

Space Optimisation Business: Energy consumed results 

from purchased electricity consumed by LHN’s properties 

for its common areas (includes both indoors and outdoors, 

such as decorative light fixates and lamp posts outside of 

building) but excludes GreenHub properties and LHN’s 

Headquarters due to immaterial energy consumption. 

Energy generation is expressed in kilowatts peak (kWp), 

defined as the rate at which the solar panel systems 

generate energy at peak performance. 

Logistics Services Business: Energy consumed results 

mainly from fuel consumed by LHN’s fleet of prime movers, 

trailers, oil tankers, ISO tankers and trucks. The remaining 

energy is contributed by electricity purchased for our 

property at 7 Gul Avenue to house our vehicle fleet. Since 

areas of our property have been rented out to tenants in 

FY2021, a proportionate amount of energy consumption 

between LHN and tenants was taken.

Energy consumed is expressed in Megawatt hours (MWh). 

Energy intensity 

Space Optimisation Business: This is the ratio of energy 

consumed relative to total common floor areas (excludes 

outdoors as lighting outside of building is not attributable to 

any floor area) in square metres. 

Logistics Services Business: This is the ratio of energy 

consumed assumed by LHN relative to total LHN-owned 

floor areas in square metres.

47 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

APPENDIX B.

Methodological Review &amp; Data Boundaries


Work-related incident 

Injury incidents are non-fatal or fatal injury or ill health 

arising out of, or in the course of, work. 

Ill health indicates damage to health and includes diseases, 

illnesses and disorders. 

Recordable work-related injury and rate 

Rate of recordable work-related injuries for 

employees/non-employee workers is the total number of 

employees’/non-employee workers’ recordable work-related 

injuries per million hours worked, relative to the total 

scheduled hours worked by all employees/non-employee 

workers recorded as at financial year-end. 

Recordable work-related ill health and rate 

Rate of recordable work-related ill health for 

employees/non-employee workers is the total number of 

employees’/non-employee workers’ recordable work-related 

ill health per million hours worked, relative to the total 

scheduled hours worked by all employees/non-employee 

workers recorded as at financial year-end. 

Fatalities and rate 

Rate of fatalities as a result of work-related injury by 

employees and non-employee workers is the number of 

employees’/non-employee workers’ fatalities as a result of 

work-related injury per million hours worked, relative to the 

total scheduled hours worked by all employees/non-employee 

workers recorded as at financial year-end. 

Rate of fatalities as a result of work-related ill health by 

employees and non-employee workers is the number of 

employees’/non-employee workers’ fatalities as a result 

of work-related ill health per million hours worked, 

relative to the total scheduled hours worked by all 

employees/non-employee workers recorded as at financial 

year-end. 

High-consequence work-related injury and rate 

High-consequence work-related injury is the work-related 

injury that results in a fatality or in an injury from which the 

worker cannot, does not, or is not expected to recover fully 

to pre-injury health status within 6 months.

Rate of high-consequence work-related injuries (excluding 

fatalities) by employees or non-employee workers is number 

of high-consequence work-related injuries (excluding 

fatalities) from employees/non-employee workers per million 

hours worked, relative to the total scheduled hours worked 

by all employees/non-employee workers recorded as at 

financial year-end. 

Customer Satisfaction scoring 

Customer satisfaction survey questionnaires are sent out 

annually to our clients. For Facilities Management and 

Logistics, an aggregated scoring is reported. However, 

since the Space Optimisation business is made up of a few 

business units, a weighted average considering the number 

of survey respondents was taken to derive the final scoring. 

This is an improvement to previous year’s methodology and 

seeks to provide a more accurate method of calculation. 

Energy intensity is expressed in Megawatt hours per square 

metre (MWh/m2). 

GHG emissions 

This report discloses indirect Scope 2 GHG emissions for 

Space Optimisation Business and Scope 1 GHG emissions 

for Logistics Services Business. 

Scope 1 GHG emissions are derived from sources that 

are owned or controlled by LHN, which in this case are 

emissions released from fuel combustion within LHN-owned 

vehicle fleet. Carbon emissions are calculated with reference 

to 2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas 

Inventories. 

Scope 2 GHG emissions are emissions that result from the 

generation of purchased or acquired electricity, heating, 

cooling, and steam consumed by the organisation. In the 

scope of reporting, this only relates to purchased electricity 

and is expressed in tonnes of CO2. A location-based method 

is adopted, which reflects the GHG emissions of the grids 

on which energy consumption occurs. In Singapore, the Grid 

Emission Factor (“GEF”) used for calculating GHG emissions 

is obtained from the Energy Market Authority of Singapore. 

GHG emissions is expressed in tonnes of carbon dioxide 

equivalent (TCO2e). 

GHG emissions intensity 

Space Optimisation Business and Logistics Services 

Business: This is the ratio of GHG emissions relative to 

total occupied area (including common floor area) in square 

metres arising out of electricity consumption. 

GHG emissions intensity arising out of electricity 

consumption for Space Optimisation Business and Logistics 

Services Business is expressed in tonnes of carbon dioxide 

equivalent per square metre (TCO2e/m2). 

Logistics Services Business: This is the ratio of GHG 

emissions arising out of fuel consumption to distance 

travelled. This is estimated at 2.5 kilometres travelled per 

litre for GHG emission intensity calculation purposes. 

GHG emissions intensity arising out of fuel consumption for 

Logistics Services Business is expressed in tonnes of carbon 

dioxide equivalent per kilometre (TCO2e/km). 

Water consumption 

Space optimisation Business: This is the volume of water 

consumed by LHN’s properties but excludes GreenHub 

properties and LHN’s Headquarter due to immaterial water 

consumption. 

Logistics Services Business: Volume of water consumption 

includes mainly water used for washing of our vehicle fleet. 

Since tenants make up marginal water consumption, LHN 

assumes total water consumption of the entire property.

Given the nature of LHN’s business and in Singapore’s 

context, where water comes from a single third-party source 

supplied by Public Utilities Board (PUB) and discharge is 

not required to be monitored, the total amount of water 

withdrawn is assumed to be amount consumed as is 

reflected in utility bills received by the Group. 

48 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

APPENDIX B.

Methodological Review &amp; Data Boundaries


Substantiated complaints 

Substantiated complaints are written statements by 

regulatory or similar official body addressed to the 

organisation that identifies breaches of customer privacy, 

or a complaint lodged with the organisation that has been 

recognised as legitimate by the organisation. 

Major substantiated complaints are defined as those that 

result in long-term significant impact on the health and 

safety of our customers, breaches to health and safety 

regulations, or a failure to deliver agreed-upon service 

requirements.

Volume of water consumed is expressed in cubic metres 

(m3). 

Water intensity 

Space optimisation Business: This is the ratio of water 

consumed relative to total common floor areas in square 

metres. 

Logistics Services Business: This is the ratio of total water 

consumption relative to total floor area of the property in 

square metres.

Water intensity is expressed in cubic metres per square 

metre (m3/m2).

Other Notes 

BCA Green Mark Certification 

The BCA Green Mark certification scheme is a green building system to rate a building’s environmental impact and 

performance. Rating criteria include Energy Efficiency, Water Efficiency, Environmental Protection, Indoor Environmental 

Quality, and other Green and Innovative features that could contribute to better building performance. The Platinum scoring 

is the highest attainable score. 

JTC Urban Design Guidelines 

Conducting major building works on JTC land requires abiding by their requirements, such as minimum plot ratio, 

maintenance of Green Mark rating, and abiding by JTC Urban Design Guidelines.

49 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

APPENDIX B.

Methodological Review &amp; Data Boundaries


GRI 

STANDARD

DISCLOSURE

SECTION

PAGE NUMBER (“NO.”)

102-1

Name of the organization

Our business

1

102-2

Activities, brands, products and services

Our business

1

102-3

Location of headquarters

Our business

1

102-4

Location of operations

Our business

1

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Our business

1

102-6

Markets served

Our business

1

102-7

Scale of the organization

Our business

1

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Creating a fair workplace

41

102-9

Supply chain

Our business

1

102-10

Significant changes to the organization and its 

supply chain

Chairman’s message

4-6

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

Chairman’s message

4-6

102-12

External initiatives

Safeguarding health and safety

29-31

102-13

Membership of associations

Singapore Business Federation  

HNL: Singapore Logistics Association

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Chairman’s message 

Board Statement

4-6

7

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour

Our business

Chairman’s message

Creating a fair workplace

1

4-6

41

102-18

Governance structure

Sustainability at LHN: Sustainability Governance  

Cultivating strong business values:  

Anti-corruption and compliance

7

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Sustainability at LHN: Stakeholder engagement

10-11

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Not applicable

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Sustainability at LHN:  

Stakeholder engagement

10-11

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Sustainability at LHN:  

Stakeholder engagement

10-11

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Sustainability at LHN:  

Stakeholder engagement

10-11

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements

Appendix A

46

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

Sustainability at LHN: overview of LHN’s sustainability 

approach

14-17

102-47

List of material topics

Sustainability at LHN: overview of LHN’s sustainability 

approach

14-17

102-48

Restatements of information

Protecting our Environment: Energy consumption 

 

 

 

Fair Employment Practices

22, Restatement 

of total emissions 

in FY2019 and 

FY2020 within Space 

Optimisation business

44, Restatement 

of average training 

hours in FY2020 for 

employee category

102-49

Changes in reporting

About this report

2-3

102-50

Reporting period

About this report

2-3

102-51

Date of most recent report

–

FY2020 Sustainability 

Report was published 

on 26 February 2021.

102-52

Reporting cycle

–

Annual

APPENDIX C.

GRI Content Index

50 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021


GRI 

STANDARD

DISCLOSURE

SECTION

PAGE NUMBER (“NO.”)

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

–

enquiry@lhngroup.com.sg

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards

About this report

2-3

102-55

GRI content index

GRI content index

50-51

102-56

External assurance

Sustainability at LHN: Overview of LHN’s sustainability 

approach

14-17

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken

Cultivating strong business values:  

Anti-corruption and compliance

38

302-1

Energy consumption within the organization

Protecting our environment: Energy consumption

22

302-3

Energy intensity

Protecting our environment: Energy consumption

22

303-1

Interactions with water as a shared resource

Sustainability at LHN: Overview of LHN’s sustainability 

approach  

Protecting our environment: Water consumption  

 

Appendix B

14-17 

 

27 

 

47-49

303-2

Management of water discharge-related impacts

Sustainability at LHN: Overview of LHN’s sustainability 

approach  

Appendix B

14-17 

 

47-49

303-5

Water consumption

Protecting our environment: Water consumption  

There is no issue in sourcing water that is fit for 

purpose. We source our water 100% from municipal 

source.

27

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulation

Cultivating strong business values:  

Anti-corruption and compliance

38

401-1

New employee hires and employee turnover

Creating a fair workplace

41

403-1

Occupational health and safety management 

system

Safeguarding health and safety

29-31

403-2

Hazard identification, risk assessment, and 

incident investigation

Safeguarding health and safety

29-31

403-3

Occupational health services

Safeguarding health and safety

29-31

403-4

Worker participation, consultation, and 

communication on occupational health  

and safety

Safeguarding health and safety

29-31

403-5

Worker training on occupational health and safety

Safeguarding health and safety

29-31

403-6

Promotion of worker health

Safeguarding health and safety

29-31

403-7

Prevention and mitigation of occupational health 

and safety impacts

Safeguarding health and safety

29-31

403-9

Work-related injuries

Safeguarding health and safety

29

403-10

Work-related ill health

Safeguarding health and safety

29

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

Creating a fair workplace

44

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the 

health and safety impacts of products and 

services

Safeguarding health and safety

29

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses of customer data

Cultivating strong business values: Security of 

information

37

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area

Cultivating strong business values:  

Anti-corruption and compliance

38

–

Results of surveys measuring customer 

satisfaction

Cultivating strong business values: Customer 

satisfaction

32

APPENDIX C.

GRI Content Index

51 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021


GENERAL 

DISCLOSURES 

AND KPIS

DESCRIPTION

SECTION

PAGE 

NO.

REMARKS

ENVIRONMENTAL

ASPECT A1: EMISSIONS

General 

Disclosure

Sustainability at LHN: 

Overview of LHN’s 

sustainability approach 

Cultivating strong business 

values: Compliance with 

applicable laws and 

regulations

14-17

38

–

KPI A1.1

The types of emissions and respective 

emissions data

Protecting our environment: 

Energy consumption

22-23

Our logistics business uses ultra-

low sulphur diesel 10 ppm which 

significantly reduces the sulphur 

dioxide, nitrogen oxides and 

particulate emissions. The usage 

of AdBlue substances further 

reduces harmful nitrogen oxides.

KPI A1.2

Direct (Scope 1) and indirect (Scope 2) 

greenhouse gas emissions (in tonnes) 

and, where appropriate, intensity

Protecting our environment: 

Energy consumption

22-23

Our GHG emission is principally 

from the electricity and fuel 

consumed and is measured in 

total carbon dioxide (TCO2e).

KPI A1.3

Total hazardous waste produced 

(in tonnes) and, where appropriate, 

intensity

–

–

LHN produced no hazardous 

waste in FY2021.

KPI A1.4

Total non-hazardous waste produced 

(in tonnes) and, where appropriate, 

intensity

–

–

Disposal bins placed at various 

locations at our properties are 

cleared by vendors daily. LHN 

does not monitor the operation of 

the vendors, and therefore has no 

data on the total disposed waste 

for the reporting period.

KPI A1.5

Description of emission target(s) set and 

steps taken to achieve them

Protecting our environment: 

Energy consumption

22-26

–

KPI A1.6

Description of how hazardous and non-

hazardous wastes are handled, and a 

description of reduction target(s) set 

and steps taken to achieve them

–

–

All wastes are collected and 

disposed by authorised vendors. 

Our waste includes mainly 

general waste from tenants’ 

activities. Recycling bins are 

available at all our commercial 

properties and are placed at 

common areas for tenants to 

segregate waste and recycle.

52 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

APPENDIX D.

HKEx ESG Reporting Guide Index


GENERAL 

DISCLOSURES 

AND KPIS

DESCRIPTION

SECTION

PAGE 

NO.

REMARKS

ASPECT A2: USE OF RESOURCES

General 

Disclosure

Sustainability at LHN: 

Overview of LHN’s 

sustainability approach

Cultivating strong business 

values: Compliance with 

applicable laws and 

regulations

14-17

38

–

KPI A2.1

Direct and/or indirect energy 

consumption by type (e.g. electricity, 

gas, or oil) in total (kWh in ’000s) and 

intensity

Protecting our environment: 

Energy consumption

22-23

–

KPI A2.2

Water consumption in total and intensity

Protecting our environment:  

Water consumption

27-28

–

KPI A2.3

Description of energy use efficiency 

target(s) set and steps taken to achieve 

them

Protecting our environment: 

Energy consumption

22-26

–

KPI A2.4

Description of whether there is any issue 

in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, 

water efficiency target(s) set and steps 

taken to achieve them

Protecting our environment:  

Water consumption

27-28

–

KPI A2.5

Total packaging material used for 

finished products (in tonnes) and, if 

applicable, with reference to per unit 

produced

–

–

This is not applicable to LHN. 

We do not have any packaging 

material.

ASPECT A3: THE ENVIRONMENT AND NATURAL RESOURCES

General Disclosure

–

KPI A3.1

Description of the significant impacts 

of activities on the environment and 

natural resources and the actions taken 

to manage them

Protecting our environment: 

Energy consumption

Protecting our environment:  

Water consumption

22-26

27-28

–

ASPECT A4: CLIMATE CHANGE 

General Disclosure

–

KPI A4.1

Description of the significant climate-

related issues which have impacted, and 

those which may impact, the issuer, and 

the actions taken to manage them

Climate-related Disclosures

18-21

–

SOCIAL

EMPLOYMENT AND LABOUR PRACTICES

ASPECT B1: EMPLOYMENT

General Disclosure

Sustainability at LHN: 

Overview of LHN’s 

sustainability approach

Cultivating strong business 

values: Anti-corruption and 

compliance

14-17

38

–

KPI B1.1

Total workforce by gender, employment 

type, age group and geographical region

Creating a fair workplace

41-43

–

KPI B1.2

Employee turnover rate by gender, age 

group and geographical region

Creating a fair workplace

41-43

–

53 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

APPENDIX D.

HKEx ESG Reporting Guide Index


GENERAL 

DISCLOSURES 

AND KPIS

DESCRIPTION

SECTION

PAGE 

NO.

REMARKS

ASPECT B2: HEALTH AND SAFETY

General Disclosure

Sustainability at LHN: 

Overview of LHN’s 

sustainability approach

Cultivating strong business 

values: Anti-corruption and 

compliance

14-17

38

–

KPI B2.1

Number and rate of work-related 

fatalities occurred in each of the past 

three years including the reporting year

Safeguarding health and 

safety

29

–

KPI B2.2

Lost days due to work injury

Safeguarding health and 

safety

29

–

KPI B2.3

Description of occupational health and 

safety measures adopted, how they are 

implemented and monitored

Safeguarding health and 

safety

29-31

–

ASPECT B3: DEVELOPMENT AND TRAINING

General Disclosure

Sustainability at LHN: 

Overview of LHN’s 

sustainability approach

Cultivating strong business 

values: Anti-corruption and 

compliance

14-17

38

–

KPI B3.1

The percentage of employees trained by 

gender and employee category

Creating a fair workplace

41-45

–

KPI B3.2

The average training hours completed 

per employee by gender and employee 

category

Creating a fair workplace

43-44

–

ASPECT B4: LABOUR STANDARDS

General Disclosure

Sustainability at LHN: 

Overview of LHN’s 

sustainability approach

Cultivating strong business 

values: Anti-corruption and 

compliance

14-17

38

–

KPI B4.1

Description of measures to review 

employment practices to avoid child and 

forced labour

–

–

The risk of non-compliance 

for LHN is extremely low. LHN 

continues to work with our 

recruitment agency to ensure 

our full compliance with any 

applicable labour law and 

regulations. There were no non-

compliances in FY2021.

KPI B4.2

Description of steps taken to eliminate 

such practices when discovered

–

–

This is not applicable to LHN. 

There is no such practice 

identified within the Group.

54 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

APPENDIX D.

HKEx ESG Reporting Guide Index


GENERAL 

DISCLOSURES 

AND KPIS

DESCRIPTION

SECTION

PAGE 

NO.

REMARKS

OPERATING PRACTICES

ASPECT B5: SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

General Disclosure

Our business

1

–

KPI B5.1

Number of suppliers by geographical 

region

Our business

1

–

KPI B5.2

Description of practices relating 

to engaging suppliers, number of 

suppliers where the practices are 

being implemented, how they are 

implemented and monitored

Our business

1

–

KPI B5.3

Description of practices used to identify 

environmental and social risks along 

the supply chain, and how they are 

implemented and monitored

Our business

1

–

KPI B5.4

Description of practices used to promote 

environmentally preferable products 

and services when selecting suppliers, 

and how they are implemented and 

monitored

Our business

1

–

ASPECT B6: PRODUCT RESPONSIBILITY

General Disclosure

Cultivating strong business 

values: Anti-corruption and 

compliance

38

–

KPI B6.1

Percentage of total products sold or 

shipped subject to recalls for safety and 

health reasons

–

–

This is not applicable to LHN.

KPI B6.2

Number of products and service related 

complaints received and how they are 

dealt with

Cultivating strong business 

values: Customer satisfaction

32-33

–

KPI B6.3

Description of practices relating to 

observing and protecting intellectual 

property rights

–

–

This is not applicable to LHN.

KPI B6.4

Description of quality assurance process 

and recall procedures

–

–

This is not applicable to LHN.

KPI B6.5

Description of consumer data protection 

and privacy policies, how they are 

implemented and monitored

Cultivating strong business 

values: Security of 

information

37

–

ASPECT B7: ANTI-CORRUPTION

General Disclosure

Cultivating strong business 

values: Anti-corruption and 

compliance

38

–

KPI B7.1

Number of concluded legal cases 

regarding corrupt practices brought 

against the issuer or its employees 

during the reporting period and the 

outcomes of the cases

Cultivating strong business 

values: Anti-corruption and 

compliance

38

–

KPI B7.2

Description of preventive measures and 

whistle-blowing procedures, how they 

are implemented and monitored

Cultivating strong business 

values: Anti-corruption and 

compliance

38

–

KPI B7.3

Description of anti-corruption training 

provided to directors and staff

Cultivating strong business 

values: Anti-corruption and 

compliance

38

Anti-corruption training will be

conducted in FY2022

55 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

APPENDIX D.

HKEx ESG Reporting Guide Index


GENERAL 

DISCLOSURES 

AND KPIS

DESCRIPTION

SECTION

PAGE 

NO.

REMARKS

COMMUNITY

ASPECT B8: COMMUNITY INVESTMENT

General Disclosure

–

–

Please refer to our annual 

report FY2021 published 

on the website of HKEX 

(www.hkexnews.hk), SGX-ST 

(www.sgx.com) and the website 

of the Company (www.lhngroup.

com).

KPI B8.1

Focus areas of contribution

–

–

Please refer to our annual 

report FY2021 published on the 

website of HKEX (www.hkexnews.

hk), SGX-ST (www.sgx.com) and 

the website of the Company 

(www.lhngroup.com).

KPI B8.2

Resources contributed to the focus area

–

–

Please refer to our annual 

report FY2021 published 

on the website of HKEX 

(www.hkexnews.hk), SGX-ST 

(www.sgx.com) and the website 

of the Company (www.lhngroup.

com).

56 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

APPENDIX D.

HKEx ESG Reporting Guide Index




LHN LIMITED 

賢能集團有限公司*

10 Raeburn Park #02-18

Singapore 088702

Tel: (65) 6368 8328   Fax: (65) 6367 2163

lhngroup.com

*For identification purpose only

