










Sustainability Report

LHN LIMITED 賢能集團有限公司*

Stock Codes: Singapore - 41O Hong Kong - 1730 

(incorporated in the Republic of Singapore with limited liability)

*For identification purpose only






I. 

OUR BUSINESS ............................................................................. 1

II. 

ABOUT THIS REPORT ..................................................................... 2

III. CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE ................................................................. 4

IV. 

SUSTAINABILITY PROGRESS IN FY2020 ......................................... 6

V. 

SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN ............................................................... 7

(A) Sustainability Governance ........................................................ 7

(B) Stakeholder Engagement ......................................................... 8

(C) Overview of LHN’s Sustainability Approach .............................. 10

VI. 

Performance and Highlights ........................................................... 14

Appendix A. Entities included in the Group’s Sustainability Report ............. 36

Appendix B. Methodological review &amp; data boundaries ............................... 37

Appendix C. GRI Content Index ............................................................... 39

Appendix D. HKEx ESG Reporting Guide Index ......................................... 41

CONTENTS




LHN Limited (“LHN” or the “Company”, together 

with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is a real estate 

management services group with a longstanding 

history dating back to 1991, distinguished by 

our ability to generate value through our space 

optimisation expertise. We also provide a suite 

of services in the facilities management and 

logistics services businesses which complements 

the space optimisation business.

 The Group while incorporated and 

headquartered in Singapore, is dual listed on 

the Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Limited 

(“SGX”), as well as on the Main Board of The 

Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“HKEX”). 

The Group, together with its three core business 

segments, namely, Space Optimisation Business, 

Facilities Management Business and Logistics 

space optimisation

facilities management



logistics services





 

Commercial

Container Depot

Car Park Management

Cleaning &amp; Related Services

Transportation

Residential

Industrial







Your Trusted Car Park Operator

Services Business, currently has operations 

spread strategically across Singapore, Hong Kong, 

Indonesia, Thailand, Myanmar, Cambodia and 

Malaysia.

 As at the end of September 2020, our 

integrated supply chain includes more than 900 

suppliers; comprising both government agencies 

as well as private companies. To that end, we are 

committed to establishing mutually beneficial 

relationships with credible suppliers, whilst 

exercising care in managing the environmental 

and social risks within our supply chain, so as to 

ensure reliable, high quality and cost-effective 

services and products that is sustainable for our 

business in the long-term.

I. OUR BUSINESS

1 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


REPORTING SCOPE

This is the Group’s fourth sustainability report covering non-financial performance and related 

management approach disclosures for the financial period 1 October 2019 to 30 September 

2020 (“FY2020”), with prior financial year data disclosed from 1 October 2018 to  

30 September 2019 (“FY2019”), where available. The report is prepared in compliance with 

the Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Reporting Guide as set out in Appendix 27 

to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited 

(the “Listing Rules”) issued by HKEX, and the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(“SGX-ST”) Section B: Rules of the Catalist (“Catalist Rules”) Listing Rule 711A and 711B 

which draws on the guidance set out by the SGX-ST Practice Note 7F Sustainability Reporting 

Guide.

 The report focuses on ESG matters prioritised by the Group in relation to the subsidiaries 

as listed in Appendix A, which represent 88% of the Group’s revenue for FY2020. Entities 

included in the Group’s Sustainability Report, covering our three major business segments in 

Singapore. 

REPORTING STANDARDS

The report is prepared in accordance to Global Reporting Initiatives (“GRI”) Standards: Core 

option. The GRI standards is an internationally recognised framework and has been selected 

by the Group for its universal application for reporting on a range of economic, environmental 

and social performance. GRI reporting principles have been adopted for defining LHN’s 

sustainability reporting content and quality.

ADOPTED GRI REPORTING PRINCIPLES FOR DEFINING LHN’S SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

CONTENT AND QUALITY

STAKEHOLDER 

INCLUSIVENESS

Stakeholder Engagement

The report addresses not only the significant ESG impacts of 

our businesses’ operations, but also takes into consideration key 

interests of our stakeholders.

SUSTAINABILITY 

CONTEXT

LHN’s Sustainability Approach – Sustainability context

In developing our sustainability approach, LHN takes into 

consideration:

(1) International commitment on climate change (The Paris 

Agreement) and unique local environmental concerns

(2) Sustainability concerns relevant to the industries that the 

Group operates in

(3) Changes in tenants’ perception on value of space and 

the increasing demand for healthier and greener working 

environment

II. ABOUT THIS REPORT

2 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


ADOPTED GRI REPORTING PRINCIPLES FOR DEFINING LHN’S SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

CONTENT AND QUALITY

MATERIALITY

LHN’s Sustainability Approach – Material matters

Our material ESG matters are determined based on the significance 

of impacts of the business and expectations of both external and 

internal stakeholders, through a formal materiality assessment 

workshop conducted by an external consultant in November 2017. 

The material ESG matters were reviewed during the year and 

deemed relevant to the business for this Sustainability Report.

COMPLETENESS, 

BALANCE, 

QUANTITATIVE, 

ACCURACY, 

CONSISTENCY. 

COMPARABILITY, 

RELIABILITY AND 

CLARITY

Performance and Highlights

This report aims to present accurate, unbiased, reliable and 

consistent data and metrics that can be easily understood by all and 

serves as a way for us to monitor our performance on a year-to-year 

basis.

TIMELINESS

Five months from the financial year end

Our standalone Sustainability Report is published within five 

months from the financial year end, in compliance with both SGX 

and HKEX Listing Rules.

Please refer to Appendix B. Methodological Review and Data Boundaries on page 37 which 

includes the description on data boundaries and units used in this report, Appendix C. GRI 

Content Index and Appendix D. HKEX ESG Reporting Guide Index on page 39 and page 41 

respectively for the summary of data and information disclosed as per GRI Standards and 

HKEX ESG reporting requirements.

For any enquiry related to this report, please contact enquiry@lhngroup.com.sg.

II. ABOUT THIS REPORT

3 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020




III. CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE

Dear Stakeholders,

At LHN, we are committed to the long-term sustainability 

development of the business, with focus placed on four main 

pillars; namely, Protecting our Environment, Safeguard Health 

and Safety, Create A Fair Workplace and Cultivate Strong 

Business Values.

 We seek to embed sustainability practices in the Group’s 

everyday operation and align sustainability goals with 

the overall Group’s strategic direction which is to create 

productive and innovative spaces, as well as, sustainable 

value for our stakeholders. A monitoring system is in place to 

ensure our business is on track to achieve these goals and to 

continuously improve our performance in key material ESG 

matters.

ENSURING THE HEALTH AND SAFETY OF OUR EMPLOYEES

Human capital remains the most valued resource to our 

company. We strive to ensure a fair, diverse and collaborative 

work environment for all our employees. With the outbreak of 

"...the health and safety 

of our employees has 

become one of the 

top priorities at LHN. 

We have made efforts 

to ensure adequate 

measures are put in 

place to protect the 

well-being and provide 

a safe workplace for 

all our employees..."

4 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


III. CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE

Coronavirus Disease (“COVID-19”) in FY2020, 

the health and safety of our employees has 

become one of the top priorities at LHN. 

We have made efforts to ensure adequate 

measures are in place to protect the 

well-being and provide a safe workplace 

for all our employees. To adapt to this 

ever-changing market, we continuously invest 

in the training of our people with the aim 

to deliver quality products and exceptional 

services to our customer base. We are 

encouraged to see that our efforts have been 

recognised with customer satisfaction survey 

scores exceeding more than 70% for our core 

business segments over the past few years.

MAINTAINING STRONG CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE &amp; INFORMATION SECURITY

LHN believes that a strong corporate 

governance is the foundation to promote 

a sustainable business, including right 

business ethics, values, corporate governance 

and risk management. Over the past four 

years, the Group has successfully retained 

its clean record of zero incidents involving 

corruption. Also, with the COVID-19 

backdrop which gave rise to work-from-

home arrangements, the Group has invested 

more in protecting information security this 

year, including the upgrade of our anti-virus 

system and implementation of a multifactor 

authentication process for Virtual Private 

Network (“VPN”) access.

TRANSITIONING TO A LOW CARBON FUTURE

We are gradually expanding our renewable 

energy generation capacity through solar 

panels installation on suitable rooftop spaces 

atop our buildings. The installations at 

38 Ang Mo Kio, 72 Eunos and 100 Eunos 

have commenced operation since December 

2019. To further advance our transition to a 

lower carbon future, we target to complete 

the solar panel installation at 202 Kallang 

Bahru and 1557 Keppel Road by the end of 

our financial year ending 30 September

2021 (“FY2021”).

FIGHTING AGAINST THE COVID-19 CRISIS

COVID-19 has largely impacted both lives 

and businesses globally. As a Group, we 

recognise the importance to engage with 

our stakeholders to go through this tough 

time together. We would like to thank all our 

stakeholders for their support and we will 

continue to closely monitor our operations to 

adapt to the changing situation with time. 

Please find our detailed COVID-19 measures 

under section VI. Performance and Highlights 

from page 14 onwards.

As a Group, we will continue to monitor our 

non-financial performance and strengthen 

our efforts in areas that have further room for 

improvements.

Mr. Kelvin Lim

Executive Chairman, Executive Director &amp; Group 

Managing Director

5 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


Energy-saving LED lights

90% of the properties we manage 

use energy-saving LED lighting in 

FY2020, a 38 percentage points 

increase compared to FY2019.

Energy consumption and 

emissions

0.09 MWh/m2 electricity intensity in 

FY2020, a 31% decrease compared to 

FY2019.

0.04 TCO2e/m2 emission intensity in 

FY2020, a 20% decrease compared to 

FY2019. 

0.0011 TCO2e/km fuel consumption 

intensity maintained for both FY2020 

and FY2019.

Water saving features

75% of the properties are installed 

with water saving taps in FY2020, 

a 2 percentage points increase from 

FY2019.

Water consumption intensity

1.54 m3/m2 water consumption 

intensity in FY2020, a 1% increase 

from FY2019 due to higher 

occupancy rate and additional repair 

works done this year.

Work-related fatalities

Zero work-related fatalities over 

the past 4 years, from FY2017 to 

FY2020.

Compliance with applicable 

laws and regulations

Zero confirmed incidents of 

corruption and non-compliance  

in FY2020.

Gender diversity

65% male to 35% female 

employees on average in FY2020, 

with 59% male and 41% female, 

respectively in FY2019.

Customer satisfaction 

scoring

Scored more than 75% on average 

in customer satisfaction surveys 

across our core business segments 

in FY2020.

Training hours

5.1 training hours received by each 

employee on average in FY2020, 

a 47% decrease as compared to 

FY2019 mainly due to COVID-19 

limitations.

Attained ISO 45001:2018 for LHN’s Logistics Services Business



IV. SUSTAINABILITY PROGRESS IN FY2020

6 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


V. SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN

HEAD OF LOGISTICS 

SERVICES

(A) SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE

Our sustainability team is instrumental in building a culture of sustainability within LHN and 

overseeing the implementation of various sustainability initiatives throughout the Group’s 

operation. They also track and report the performance at least annually to the board of 

directors of the Company (the “Board”).

SUSTAINABILITY 

TEAM

BOARD OF 

DIRECTORS

HEAD OF FACILITIES 

MANAGEMENT

HEAD OF HUMAN RESOURCE

HEAD OF

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 

HEAD OF SPACE OPTIMISATION

Assumes leadership in managing sustainability matters and 

advisory role to the Sustainability Team

Led by Chief Financial Officer and supported by respective 

department heads, key sustainability developments and 

performance will be reported to the Board at least annually.

BOARD STATEMENT

The Board is committed 

to adhering to high quality 

standards, building of an 

inclusive and safe working 

environment for all, and 

conducting business in a 

way that is responsible, 

in the preservation of 

the environment. These 

sustainability issues have 

been considered as part 

of the company’s strategic 

formulation and incorporated 

into our operations through 

policy-making and procedures.

 

The Board continues 

to provide direction and 

maintain oversight over the 

material ESG matters with 

the help of respective Head of 

Departments. Sustainability 

performance is reported to 

the Board at least annually, 

or, as and when significant 

development arises.

 

The ESG matters reported 

on in this Sustainability 

Report has been reviewed and 

determined to be relevant by 

the Board together with the 

management team, having 

taken into consideration the 

COVID-19 backdrop and 

associated impacts to our 

business.

7 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


V. SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN

(B) STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

At LHN, we strive to address ESG matters which are material to our business and stakeholders, taking into account any key developments within the industry. Through various channels, key stakeholders’ 

concerns are identified and responded to appropriately.

Table 1: Our approach on stakeholder engagement

STAKEHOLDERS

MAIN INTERESTS/CONCERNS

ENGAGEMENT METHODS1 AND FREQUENCY

OUR RESPONSE

OUR EMPLOYEES

 

• Occupational health and safety

• Fair employment practices

• Career development

• Job security

• Reskilling opportunities

• Online feedback channel system 

accessible throughout the year

• Annual performance appraisal 

conducted

• Employee handbook accessible 

throughout the year

• LHN established a robust health and safety management system to ensure 

a safe working environment and various policies, as well as, practices to 

promote a fair workplace respectively for our employees.

• Please refer to page 10 and page 19 for more information on our policies 

and initiatives on the topic.

• LHN has put in place a robust COVID-19 safety measures for our 

employees both at the workplace and working from home, as disclosed in 

the respective material matters in this report.

• LHN has offered online trainings covering a myriad of topics including, 

courses to build digital skillsets.

• LHN has replaced physical programmes with online fitness and well-being 

programmes to reduce in-person contact whilst ensuring the wellbeing of 

our employees during the pandemic.

GOVERNMENT AND REGULATORY BODIES

• Compliance with regulatory 

requirements, including those 

relating to COVID-19

• Business model awareness sessions 

when required

• Calls and meetings when required

• Non-compliance negatively impacts our business, both reputationally and 

financially. We are committed to adhere to all regulatory requirements, 

including COVID-19 related laws and regulation.

• Where necessary, LHN will seek feedback or clarifications from regulatory 

bodies in guiding the business forward.

INVESTORS

• Timely updates on financial 

performance and business 

strategies and opportunities

• Board oversight on COVID-19 

impacts and response to them

• Annual and interim financial and 

sustainability reports

• Networking sessions with shareholders 

when required

• Annual General Meeting (“AGM”)

• We aim to provide timely updates on key developments and action plans 

via our various engagement methods. For FY2020, due to COVID-19, 

the Group has addressed the relevant questions posed by shareholders 

prior to AGM, which was also held via webcast online, and uploaded our 

responses accordingly on the Group’s website, HKEX and SGXNet.

• Discussions on COVID-19 impacts and corresponding measures taken are 

disclosed in both our Annual Report and Sustainability Report.

1 Face-to-face meetings were replaced with virtual meetings, where possible, to limit physical contact and spread of COVID-19

8 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


STAKEHOLDERS

MAIN INTERESTS/CONCERNS

ENGAGEMENT METHODS1 AND FREQUENCY

OUR RESPONSE

SUPPLIERS

• Fair and transparent business 

conduct

• Continued engagement

• Disruption of supply chain due to 

COVID-19 and lockdowns imposed 

by the Government

• Annual supplier performance review

• Day-to-day communications

• At LHN, we work with reliable and credible suppliers and aim to form a 

long-standing and trusting relationship with such suppliers.

• In cases of disruption caused due to COVID-19, alternative actions will be 

taken upon further discussions within each business segment team.

CUSTOMERS

• Quality of products and services

• Innovative products and services

• Health and safety given the 

COVID-19 backdrop

• Social media platform updated when 

required

• Networking sessions

• Company announcements accessible 

throughout the year

• Feedback channel accessible 

throughout the year

• Safety, cleaning and disinfection measures are implemented at LHN to 

protect our tenants and customers’ health.

• Advanced technologies have been applied to enhance protection over our 

customers’ health.

• Please refer to page 24 for our customer satisfaction survey results and 

page 27 for other COVID-19 related initiatives.

V. SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN

1 Face-to-face meetings were replaced with virtual meetings, where possible, to limit physical contact and spread of COVID-19

9 

LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


(C) OVERVIEW OF LHN’S SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

 

PROTECTING OUR ENVIRONMENT

SAFEGUARDING HEALTH AND SAFETY

MATERIAL ESG MATTERS

ENERGY

WATER CONSUMPTION

HEALTH &amp; SAFETY

IMPACT BOUNDARY

Space Optimisation and Logistics 

Services Businesses

Space Optimisation and Logistics 

Services Businesses

All our employees under three business segments and tenants of our properties

SUSTAINABILITY CONTEXT

Contributing to the collective effort to 

reduce Singapore’s overall Greenhouse 

Gas (“GHG”) emissions

Headquartered in Singapore, a country 

which lacks natural resources, we are 

aware of the country’s endeavour in 

water security. Likewise, we aim to play 

our part in reducing water wastage

Strive towards creating a culture where all our staff value individual commitment 

towards safe work practices and further, to create spaces that are safe and 

conducive for our tenants to work in

MANAGEMENT APPROACH

GROUP-WIDE

• Climate Change Adaptation Policy

• Energy Consumption/Management 

Policy

SPACE OPTIMISATION 

• Installation of energy-saving LED light 

fittings in the properties we manage

• Installation of motion sensors and 

timers in common areas where energy 

consumption is discontinuous

• Daily monitoring of the lights and 

aircon in rooms and switching off the 

lights and aircon while they are not 

in use

LOGISTICS SERVICES

• Vehicle selection in accordance to 

Euro 4,5 and 6 Standards

• Regular servicing of our fleet for 

optimum fuel efficiency

• Route analysis prior to each trip to 

find the most efficient route

• Monitoring of fuel consumption to 

encourage fuel-efficient driving and 

drivers are required to turn off engine 

when idle

GROUP-WIDE

• Water Consumption/Management 

Policy

SPACE OPTIMISATION 

• Our water is currently supplied from a 

municipal source, managed by Public 

Utilities Board. We have no issue in 

sourcing water that is fit for purpose

• Installation of water-saving taps in the 

properties we manage

• Installation of sensors for toilet 

flushing

GROUP-WIDE 

• Health Safety &amp; Environment Policy 

• Certified BizSAFE Level 3

• Work from Home policy resulting from COVID-19

SPACE OPTIMISATION

• Fire Safety Committee control and respond to fire incidents.

• Adherence to Standard Operating Procedures for maintenance of lift licences 

and fire equipment

• Maintain compliance with relevant fire safety regulations required of all 

buildings

• Risk assessments carried out to identify hazards and implementation of 

control methods

• Established platform for tenants’ feedback. We aim to rectify any negative 

feedback received and propose corrective action to prevent reoccurrence.

LOGISTICS SERVICES

• Mandatory Safety Induction Program for all drivers

• All vehicles are installed with safety kits, which includes fire extinguishers and 

first aid box

• Conducting of breathalyzer tests based on a random selection process

• Company emergency response vehicle on standby in the events of accidents or 

breakdowns

• Driver training on road safety

• Monitoring of speed limits with GPS system installed in all our trucks

• Mobileye technology installed to prompt drivers of pre-collision warnings

• All drivers comply with Singapore Traffic Policy Regulations and other traffic 

regulations in Singapore

• Drivers aged 65 and above are required to attend the mandatory medical 

check-up and proficiency driving test before performing work.

V. SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN

10 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


 

PROTECTING OUR ENVIRONMENT

SAFEGUARDING HEALTH AND SAFETY

FACILITIES MANAGEMENT

• Well-ventilated rest and eating area for our cleaning professionals

• Inculcate a ‘safety-first’ culture in all our employees working off-site

• Smart technologies, such as smart toilet and an integrated platform for 

workers

• Eco-friendly cleaning products, such as enzymes cleaners instead of harmful 

materials

PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

1. Energy consumption across business 

units

2. Emissions and fuel consumption 

intensity

1. Volume of water consumption

2. Water consumption intensity

1. Working hours, Work-related fatality rate, work-related high-consequence 

injury rate, Work-related injury rate and work-related ill health rate

2. Number of regulatory fines or warnings related to customer health and safety

3. External audits to review internal processes

(C) OVERVIEW OF LHN’S SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

V. SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN

11 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


(C) OVERVIEW OF LHN’S SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

 

CREATING A FAIR WORKPLACE

CULTIVATING STRONG BUSINESS VALUES

MATERIAL ESG MATTERS

FAIR EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

SECURITY OF INFORMATION

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION

IMPACT BOUNDARY

All our employees under Space Optimisation, Logistics Services 

and Facilities Management Businesses

Space Optimisation, Logistics 

Services and Facilities 

Management Businesses

Business partners, employees, 

suppliers and customers of 

Space Optimisation, Logistics 

Services and Facilities 

Management Businesses

Customers of Space 

Optimisation, Logistics 

Services and Facilities 

Management Businesses

SUSTAINABILITY 

CONTEXT

We have pledged our commitment to adopt the five key 

principles defined by the Tripartite Guidelines on Fair 

Employment Practices (“TGFEP”) and we believe in developing 

in-house talents for the continued growth and success of the 

Group.

High ethical standards in 

accordance with Code of 

Corporate Governance 2018 

is integral to LHN’s corporate 

identity and how we conduct our 

business.

Security of information is 

critical in maintaining our 

stakeholders’ trust in the 

business.

Our businesses thrive on 

mutually beneficial and 

strong relationships formed 

with our customers

MANAGEMENT

APPROACH

GROUP-WIDE

• Human Resource Policy

• Commitment to no child labor and no forced labor

• Employee Grievance Policy

• Training Policy

• Performance Appraisal Policy

EMPLOYMENT

• The Group has complied with all Ministry of Manpower 

guidelines

• All eligible job applications, internal transfers and promotions 

are merit-based regardless of race, ethnicity, religion, age and 

gender.

• Annual long service award

PERFORMANCE &amp; CAREER DEVELOPMENT

• Provide sponsorships to employees to encourage lifelong 

learning

• Feedback is garnered after every training programme to 

measure relevance and usefulness of subjects covered to 

employees

• Performance appraisals are conducted for all employees and 

evaluated with the individual through open discussions

• Benchmarking exercise are conducted against market’s best 

practices in ensuring that adequate and quality trainings are 

provided to our employees

GROUP-WIDE

• Code of corporate governance 

• Whistle-blowing Policy

• Conflict of Interest Policy

• Business Continuity Plan

• Ensure compliance with all 

relevant laws and regulations 

in countries we operate in

• Stringent adherence to 

policies set in maintaining 

good corporate governance

• Maintain transparency and 

accountability for all matters 

within our organization

GROUP-WIDE

• Personal Data Protection 

Policy

• Website Privacy Policies

• Established a Data Protection 

Committee to monitor 

compliance to Personal Data 

Protection Act and matters 

related to customers’ data 

protection and privacy

• All confidential data is 

securely stored in a robust 

Information Systems which 

undergoes an annual audit 

carried out by an accredited 

party

• Penetration Test to prevent 

hacking of data

• Network monitoring tools 

utilizing machine learning 

system

GROUP-WIDE

• Annual customer 

satisfaction surveys* to 

gather feedback on our 

products and services. 

• All complaints received will 

be logged in our system and 

responded to in a timely 

manner. Three days for 

general customer’s queries 

and feedback and half day 

for urgent queries for Space 

Optimization. Whereas 

for Logistics Services, all 

matters will be addressed 

by the next working day.

V. SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN

* Excludes carpark management under Facilities Management Business. Customer satisfaction levels are based largely on day-to-day interactions with property managers and feedback received from users of carpark.

12 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


 

CREATING A FAIR WORKPLACE

CULTIVATING STRONG BUSINESS VALUES

PERFORMANCE 

INDICATORS

EMPLOYMENT

1. Employee breakdown by gender and employee type

2. Recruitment and turnover rates

PERFORMANCE &amp; CAREER DEVELOPMENT

3. Average training hours by gender and employment category

1. Number of non-compliance 

cases

2. Number of incidents of 

corruption

1. Number of substantiated 

complaints, identified leaks, 

theft or losses of customer 

data privacy

1. Customer satisfaction 

survey results

(C) OVERVIEW OF LHN’S SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

V. SUSTAINABILITY AT LHN

13 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Our Year’s Progress: Energy

FY2020 Targets - Achieved

Highlights

With the increasing call for action to address matters of climate change which may impact our 

operations on a global scale, we recognise our role as a responsible corporate and have made 

strides to reduce the Group’s overall GHG footprint and improve water conservation efforts.

• Reduce electrical 

consumption intensity by 

5% by 2020 with FY2017 

as base year

• Maintain fuel 

consumption intensity 

with FY2017 as base year

Energy Consumption • Space Optimisation Business

In FY2020, the total electrical consumption in the Space 

Optimisation Business operations amounted to 4,975 

MWh, an increase of 10.7% from FY2019. The increase 

is attributed to the increase in total common floor area by 

38.1% managed by the Space Optimisation team with new 

master leases secured in FY2020. Of the energy consumed in 

FY2020, 152 MWh is generated by solar.

90%

of the properties we manage2 

use energy-saving LED lighting

100%

of our prime movers are Euro 4 

standards and above

Protecting Our Environment

10% decrease from

FY2017, met

Met

ENERGY CONSUMPTION (MWh)

0

2500

5000

7500

10000

12500

15000

FY2019

FY2020

SPACE

OPTIMISATION

LOGISTICS

SERVICES

9,451

10,410

4,496

4,975

0

800

1,600

2,400

3,200

4,000

FY2019

FY2020

1,883

SPACE

OPTIMISATION

LOGISTICS

SERVICES

2,529

2,796

2,032

EMISSION AMOUNT (TCO2e)

2 Pertains to electricity consumption and water consumption in the common areas that is within the Group’s control.

FY2021 Targets

• Complete the solar 

panel installation at 202 

Kallang Bahru and 1557 

Keppel Road by FY2021

• Maintain fuel 

consumption intensity 

with FY2017 as base year

LHN is committed to setting a 

quantitative target for Energy 

material matter which will be 

disclosed in our next report.

14 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


Energy Consumption • Logistics Services Business

During the year, the Logistics Services Business acquired 

a new site at 7 Gul Avenue to house our fleet of vehicles. 

The total energy consumption of 10,410 MWh in FY2020 

was mainly due to the increase in fuel consumption by 

approximately 9.4% from FY2019, which corresponds with 

the increase in distance travelled by the fleet (FY2020:  

2.6 million km; FY2019: 2.4 million km) as a result of a rise 

in logistics services provided. Electricity consumption at the 

newly acquired site was relatively minimal, amounting to  

71 MWh in FY2020.

Energy and Emissions Intensity • Space Optimisation Business 

and Logistics Services Business

The electrical intensity for our properties and fuel 

consumption intensity for Logistics Services Business 

were 0.09 MWh/m2 and 0.0011 TCO2e/km respectively for 

FY2020. The electrical intensity decreased by about 30.8% 

from FY2019 (FY2019: 0.13 MWh/m2) and fuel consumption 

intensity remained the same across both years.

In reviewing against our FY2020 target, we are pleased to 

share that we have achieved a 10% reduction in electrical 

intensity from 0.10 MWh/m2 in FY2017. This was possible 

due to upgrades to energy efficient equipment, consistent 

energy saving practices, as well as, our shift towards 

renewable energy. 

Our fuel consumption intensity remains consistent at 

0.0011 TCO2e/km since FY2017.

GHG emissions intensity for our properties were  

0.04 TCO2e/m2 in FY2020, which decreased by about 20.0% 

(FY2019: 0.05 TCO2e/m2) from FY2019.

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Protecting Our Environment

15 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


Green Mark Certification

Building and Construction Authority (“BCA”) Green Mark is 

a green building rating system to evaluate buildings for its 

environmental impact and performance. As such, in Space 

Optimisation Business, to promote sustainable design and 

operation, we target to achieve Green Mark certificated for our 

joint venture building at 202 Kallang Bahru by the first half 

of 2021.

Installation of solar panels

Back in FY2019, we have initiated the installation of solar panels 

on the rooftops of our buildings at 38 Ang Mo Kio, 72 Eunos and 

100 Eunos. The solar panels at these three buildings has since 

commenced operation from December 2019.

To further our commitment to reduce energy consumption 

levels, we target to complete the solar panel installation at 

202 Kallang Bahru and 1557 Keppel Road by the end of 

FY2021.

INITIATIVES LAUNCHED IN 

2020 AND FUTURE ACTION 

PLAN

16 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


Our Year’s Progress: Water Consumption

FY2020 Targets – 

Improvement required

• Reduce water 

consumption intensity 

5% by 2020 with 

FY2017 as base year

The water across our operations in Singapore is sourced 

from the municipal water supplier. Being in a country where 

water is a precious resource, we are cognizant of the impacts 

that water wastage has on the business. Therefore, at LHN, 

we regularly assess water consumption performance at our 

properties and take necessary measures, where required to 

minimise wastage.

75%

of the properties in Space 

Optimisation Business are 

installed with water saving taps

2% decrease from

FY2017, improvement

required

WATER CONSUMPTION (m3)

FY2019

FY2020

0

20,000

40,000

60,000

80,000

100,000

-

SPACE

OPTIMISATION

LOGISTICS

SERVICES

53,917

85,729

2,932

WATER CONSUMPTION

INTENSITY (m3/m2)

0.0

0.5

1.0

1.5

2.0

1.52

1.74

0.35

-

SPACE

OPTIMISATION

LOGISTICS

SERVICES

FY2019

FY2020

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Protecting Our Environment

Highlights

Water • Space Optimisation Business

In FY2020, the water consumption for common toilet 

facilities and landscaping purposes amounted to 85,729 

m3, an increase of 59% from 53,917 m3 in FY2019. 

This was largely due to an increase in occupancy rate, in 

addition to scheduled modifications and repair works of 

water tanks conducted in compliance with Public Utilities 

Board standards. The modifications led to a higher amount 

of water used for testing purposes which involved drainage of 

water tanks and subsequent refilling.

FY2021 Target

• Reduce water 

consumption intensity 5% 

by 2023 with FY2017 as 

base year

17 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Protecting Our Environment

As at end September 2020, 75% of the properties we 

manage under Space Optimisation Business were installed 

with water saving taps. We endeavour to continue this 

initiative for 100% of our newly acquired properties.

Further to that, to reduce water consumption and wastage 

at our properties, we are currently sourcing for vendors for 

the installation of sensor nodes to monitor real time water 

consumption data and detection of water leaks.

Water • Logistics Services Business

In FY2020, with the commencement of operations of our new 

site at 7 Gul Avenue, the total water withdrawn by Logistics 

Services Business amounted 2,932 m3 in FY2020. Water 

consumed were mainly for cleaning purposes to upkeep our 

fleet of vehicles.

Water Consumption Intensity • Space Optimisation Business and 

Logistics Services Business

The water consumption intensity in Space Optimisation 

Business showed an increase from 1.52 m3/m2 in FY2019 to 

1.74 m3/m2 in FY2020 due to the higher occupancy rate and 

modification and repair works conducted as mentioned above.

Overall, water consumption intensity including both Space 

Optimisation Business and Logistics Services Business 

amounted to 1.54 m3/m2 in FY2020, resulting in a 2% 

decrease from FY2017 intensity of 1.58 m3/m2.

18 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


The safety and well-being of our employees and tenants are of utmost importance to us. As such, we 

constantly strive to provide a safe and conducive working environment and to inculcate a culture where 

individuals commit to practicing ‘safety-first’ habits.

Our Year’s Progress: Health and Safety

Yearly Targets – Achieved

in FY2020

• Zero work-related 

fatalities

• Less than 5 work-related 

injuries a year within 

LHN’s premises

• Less than 5 work-related 

injuries a year offsite

• Zero fines3 or penalties 

relating to customer 

health and safety for 

Space Optimisation 

Business

WORKERS

FY2019

FY2020

Work-related 

fatalities

0

0

High-consequence 

work related injury

0

0

Number of work-related injury

Employees

1

4

Work-related injury rate (per million hours worked)

Employees

2

4

Number of work-related ill health

Employees

0

0

Work-related ill health rate (per million hours worked)

Employees

0

0

Working hours

Employees

578,996

1,131,799

Lost Days due to work-related injuries

Employees

5

88

The total working hours increased by 95.5% in FY2020 

mainly due to the increase in employees hired for our new 

dormitory business which began operations from April 2020.

During the year, there were 4 work-related injury incidents 

resulting in 88 lost days, of which, 3 were slip, trip and fall 

incidents and one was caused by a knock against moving 

object. Protecting the employees’ health, safety and well-

being are imperative to the business and an integral part 

of our human capital management, which has become 

increasingly critical given the COVID-19 backdrop. We have 

Met

Met

Met

Met

Achieved 

ISO45001:2018

certification for LHN’s Logistics 

Services Business4

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Safeguarding Health and Safety

3 Fines less than S$500 are considered immaterial.

4 ISO45001:2018 Occupational Health and Safety Management System certification (OHSMS) has been attained by Hean Nerng  

Logistics Pte. Ltd..

19 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


HAZARD IDENTIFICATION, RISK ASSESSMENT AND INCIDENT 

INVESTIGATION

• We conduct risk assessments and identification of hazards, 

as relevant to the scope of our core business activities. 

Accordingly, controls are put in place to minimise safety 

risks for our employees where hazards are identified.

• We also require our contractors to submit a copy 

of the contractors’ internal risk assessment prior to 

commencement of work under the Space Optimisation 

Business. Facility managers will review hazard identification 

assessment and perform checks to ensure appropriate 

controls are implemented by contractors where necessary.

WORKER PARTICIPATION, CONSULTATION, AND COMMUNICATION 

ON OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY (“OHS”)

• To better facilitate engagement and discussions on 

occupational health and safety processes or incidents, 

regular safety-related inspections are conducted and open 

communication channels are maintained for each business 

units. They include monthly fire safety inspections at the 

properties under Space Optimisation Business, yearly ISO 

OHSMS audits and group chat including both management 

and staff maintained to promptly relay incident occurrences 

for Logistics Services Business and lastly, guidance 

provided to staff in regards to health and safety for the 

Facilities Management Business.

MANAGEMENT APPROACH 

WITH REFERENCE TO OHS 

GRI 2018

Achieved 

BizSAFE STAR5

for LHN’s Logistics

Services Business

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

taken the necessary measures, such as, replaced uneven 

floorings, provided training on proper handling of equipment 

and communicated to our employees the importance of 

maintaining vigilance of surroundings at the workplace, in our 

efforts to avoid re-occurrence of the injuries.

Further to that, we have introduced precautionary protocols 

in our fight against COVID-19 on our premises, where we 

continue to maintain strict oversight over the adherence of 

them by our employees and tenants. The case study section 

below details more information on the protocols.

Safeguarding Health and Safety

5 Attaining BizSAFE STAR means that company’s Workplace Safety and Health Management System (WSHMS) is in compliance with the 

Workplace Safety and Health (WSH) Act and international standards such as ISO 45001.

20 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


• Apart from the regular meetings, safety data sheet6 

provided by suppliers, OHS related policies and Standard 

of Procedures (“SOP”) will be used as guidance for 

our employees to stay abreast of the potential hazards 

associated with their jobs and to practise precautionary 

behaviour for a safe work environment.

WORKERS’ HEALTH AND OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

TRAININGS

• LHN conducts mandatory safety courses every year which 

include Hazmat, Work at Height and Workplace Safety and 

Health In Process Plant trainings.

• Aside from having a safe work environment at LHN, 

ensuring the wellness of our employees is paramount 

against the COVID-19 pandemic backdrop. We aim to 

promote health and wellness at LHN by providing a series 

of talks and online workouts. Please refer to Monthly 

Employee Engagement Programme case study on page 36 

for more details.

WORK FROM HOME POLICY IN FY2020

• In line with the laws and regulations from Ministry of 

Manpower (“MOM”) to protect our employees’ health and 

safety during COVID-19, LHN has introduced the Work 

From Home Policy in FY2020 to support remote work on 

a rotational basis and to reduce physical interactions with 

public. The policy detailed requirements on the working 

hours, communications, physical meetings with external 

parties, technology requirements and supports and security 

and confidentiality for our employees to follow.

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

6 A safety data sheet is a term used for detailed informational document prepared by a manufacturer, as applicable, for their products as part 

of the hazard communication protocol set out by applicable standards.

Safeguarding Health and Safety

21 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

CASE STUDY

PROMOTE WORKERS HEALTH AND SAFETY DURING COVID-19 PERIOD

COVID-19 RESPONSE

At LHN, examples of safety protocols 

established in accordance with the 

relevant guidelines set out by Ministry of 

Health are as follows:

• Travel declaration form to be completed 

by visitors and employees

• Provision of travel advisory updates for 

employees

• Checking of our employees’ and 

visitors’ temperature before access to 

premises

• Application of safe distancing measures 

at our premises

• Safe entry QR code prior to access to 

premises

• Provision of hand sanitisers and 

sanitising spray at common areas i.e. 

reception and pantry area

• Regular disinfection of premises and 

high touchpoints

Communication on safety measures

Temperature 

screening

Safe Distancing

Safeguarding Health and Safety

COVID-19 RESPONSE @ SPECO PROTECTIVE 

TECHNOLOGY

COVID-19 can be easily transmitted 

via contact with the virus through 

touchpoints (e.g. lift buttons, door 

handles, etc.) when these unprotected 

surfaces are left exposed in between 

scheduled cleaning intervals.

As such, LHN has adopted the 

application of Speco disinfectant at 

our buildings at 31 Boon Lay Drive 

and 1A Lutheran in the pilot phase 

beginning September 2020 for all high 

touch points. Speco is a long-lasting 

disinfectant that is effective against 

coronavirus and fomite transmission, 

with efficacy of up to 6 months. This 

disinfectant has undergone rigorous 

lab-tests and furthermore is colourless 

and non-toxic (food-grade, i.e. the 

material is fit for human consumption 

or permitted to come in contact with 

food) which will give our employees and 

tenants a peace of mind amidst this 

pandemic. We will implement similar 

antimicrobial coating technology at the 

remaining of our properties.









22 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Safeguarding Health and Safety

COVID-19 RESPONSE @ PROTECT 

WELL-BEING AT LHN

LHN cares for the well-being of every 

staff. Especially with remote work 

arrangements which have prompted 

concerns on mental well-being and 

stress-coping mechanisms, LHN 

has introduced and encouraged our 

employees to practice the following for 

each of the five aspects:

1. 

Physical

 

Daily outdoor exercise for fresh 

air and sunlight

 

Adopt healthy food practice 

including snacks and fruit

 

Stand up during the day, such 

as standing when taking calls 

and walking around home

 

Maintain a regular sleep 

schedule

2. 

Emotional

 

Practise deep breathing, 

meditation or mindfulness 

using free applications such 

as Insight Timer, Calm and 

Headspace, etc.

 

Lend a listening ear to fellow 

colleagues and staff if you 

observe that stress is affecting 

them

3. 

Social

 

Engage colleagues for 

daily discussions and 

communications even 

on non-work topics to avoid 

isolation

 

Proactive check-ins with 

colleagues

4. 

Work

 

Create a dedicated space for 

work only with some extent of 

privacy during the work from 

home period, where possible

 

Ensure the workspace is 

properly set-up to suit your 

needs

 

To replace time previously 

used for commuting to 

work with morning walks, 

preparation of meals and more

 

Maintain a regular work 

schedule and meal times so as 

to keep work-life balance and 

to prevent burnout

5. 

Family and roommates

 

Maintain or create a schedule 

for family and loved ones

 

To communicate to family 

members or roommates to 

respect your designated 

workspace as a place of 

business

23 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


We pride ourselves on strong, mutually beneficial relationships formed with our customers. We 

seek to maintain a track record of service quality excellence and in being a trusted business 

partner for all suppliers, customers and tenants working with us.

Our Year’s Progress: Customer Satisfaction

Yearly Targets – Achieved in 

FY2020        

Satisfaction result score of:

• Space Optimisation 

Business: 70%

• Facilities Management 

Business: 70%

• Logistics Services 

Business: 70%

Our various business segments continue to conduct yearly 

customer satisfaction surveys, which are imperative for 

identifying areas of improvement to better serve the needs of 

our customers.

Over the past three years, our customer satisfaction scores 

for Facilities Management and Logistics Services Businesses 

remained relatively consistent while Space Optimisation 

Business has shown a decrease from 86% in FY2019 to 

75% in FY2020. This was mainly due to the increased client 

expectations on cleanliness standards and frequency amidst 

COVID-19 pandemic which LHN is also committed to for the 

safety of our tenants.

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION SURVEY SCORES

0%

50%

100%

FY2019

FY2020

LOGISTICS SERVICES

SPACE OPTIMISATION

FACILITIES MANAGEMENT

91%

87%

86%

75%

85%

82%

Met

Met

Met

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Cultivating Strong Business Values

24 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


All customers’ feedbacks and complaints received are 

reviewed by each business segment’s management team 

in ensuring that appropriate corrective measures are 

implemented to resolve matters raised in a timely manner. In 

FY2020, while there were no major substantiated complaints 

received, LHN will continue to monitor the effectiveness 

of existing business practices in ensuring the needs of our 

customers are satisfactorily met.

INITIATIVES LAUNCHED 

IN FY2020 AND FUTURE 

ACTION PLAN

LHN 2020 CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE TRANSFORMATION INITIATIVE

LHN views excellent customer service as the competitive 

advantage and differentiator for the Group. We recognise the 

importance of creating a positive and good service experience 

for our customers.

In FY2020, we rolled out a Company-wide customised ‘Go 

the Extra Mile Service’ (GEMS) training programme to elevate 

our customers’ experience with LHN. We have engaged close 

to 40 service ambassadors on this learning journey which took 

place in November 2019 over 4 days. Through this training, 

our employees gained an in-depth understanding of service 

excellence, was better able to relate to the service language 

and learnt to go the extra mile service for customers, where 

possible.

LHN will continue with this customer service training 

programme in FY2021.

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Cultivating Strong Business Values



25 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


CASE STUDY

INVESTING IN INTEGRATED CLEANING SOLUTIONS IN FACILITIES 

MANAGEMENT BUSINESS

INTEGRATED CLEANING TECHNOLOGIES TO IMPROVE CLEANING STANDARDS

To improve the productivity and quality 

of cleaning services for our clients and 

end-users, LHN’s facilities management 

business have introduced an integrated 

cleaning technology for our clients to better 

monitor and track cleaning activities in their 

buildings.

Further, to enhance LHN’s smart toilet 

solution capabilities, advanced technology 

(e.g. cleaning robots and machines), software 

(e.g. mobile application) and platforms (e.g. 

centralised data management systems), are 

used to oversee and manage activities with 

real-time updates. This reduces the need for 

frequent physical checks on-site, thereby 

increasing efficiency and labour cost savings 

for our clients. For example, the Xiaomi 

branded automatic vacuum robot is able to 

support history logs retrieval and operate 

during silent hours which may not be able to 

be achieved as easily with manpower.

In addition, we have launched our mobile 

service application, i.e. I Clean, which 

records attendance of our cleaning staff 

though face recognition and location 

detection technology. This feature has 

become more essential than ever during the 

COVID-19 period as it helps to minimise 

contact which would otherwise be necessary. 

The application also supports work rosters 

to be released in four different languages - 

namely, English, Chinese, Malay and Tamil 

for our staff hailing from diverse racial 

backgrounds. Alerts triggered by built-in 

toilet sensors are also integrated into the 

application to help initiate services, such as 

the replenishment of resources, required in a 

timely fashion.

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Cultivating Strong Business Values

Integrated cleaning solutions









!







Smart Toilets System to monitor 

all toilets except handicap 

toilets in all levels

Xiaomi vacuum robot to clear 

common area

HQ manpower checks no 

longer based on visual. 

Every checks will be 

documented and presented as 

and when required 

1 x Sweeper Machine

1 x Scrubber Machine

1 x Cleaning Robot

We care on users feedbacks. 

We will install all handicap 

restrooms and common area 

to collect 100% feedbacks 



Headquarter

26 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


CASE STUDY

SUPPORTING TENANTS DURING COVID-19

COVID-19 RESPONSE @ PROPERTIES

SAFETY MEASURES 

LHN has taken proactive actions to ensure 

our employees’ and customers’ health and 

safety within our premises. We have placed 

hand sanitisers at every lift lobby and applied 

an antimicrobial film on all lift buttons, 

as well as, increased the frequency of the 

cleaning of high touchpoints throughout the 

property. 

Further to that, we are progressively 

incorporating the use of technology (e.g. 

cleaning robots) into our cleaning regime 

due to the benefit of being able to pre-

set functions to perform cleaning and 

disinfection activities during less foot-traffic 

hours. We have recently also introduced 

a pilot initiative at one of our properties, 

installing of the Ultra-low volume (“ULV”) 

mister which is designed to automatically 

disperse disinfectant through fine micron 

particles for a wider reach in designated 

rooms or areas during low footfall periods.

Within the premises, our property 

managing agent are also tasked to ensure 

safe distancing measures are implemented 

and adhered to at both common and leased 

areas. We work with the authorities to carry 

out random checks on our tenants to ensure 

the stipulated measures are complied with.

We have also increased communications 

with our tenants on safety awareness and 

steps in the event of any suspected COVID-19 

cases found on our premises. All tenants in 

the properties will be duly notified and are 

encouraged to monitor for any symptoms. We 

will then activate our cleaning vendor to carry 

out disinfecting at the common area using 

an automatic ULV mister which is designed 

to disperse the disinfectant in fine micron 

particles to all the walls, ceilings, aircon 

vents, work desks, chairs.

SUPPORT OF OUR TENANTS

The Space Optimisation Business has relayed 

rental rebates awarded by the government 

to businesses that qualify. Tenants are key 

stakeholders of our business and at LHN, we 

strive to do what we can to sustain a mutually 

supportive relationship especially during 

these difficult times.

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Cultivating Strong Business Values

27 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


Our Year’s Progress: Security of Information &amp; Corporate 

Governance

Yearly Targets – Achieved in 

FY2020

• Zero substantiated 

complaints or identified 

leaks, thefts or losses of 

customer data

• Zero confirmed incidents 

of corruption

• Zero non-compliance 

cases with applicable 

laws and regulations

SECURITY OF INFORMATION

At LHN, we continue to adhere to our Personal Data 

Protection policy which is aligned with Singapore Personal 

Data Protection Act 2012.

With an increased number of work-from-home arrangements 

during the year as precaution against COVID-19, the 

importance of ensuring data and information security and 

confidentiality continues to be echoed across the organisation, 

as well as, channels open for employees to promptly report 

on such related incidents as soon as they become aware. We 

are pleased to share that we have not faced any substantiated 

complaints or identified leaks, thefts or losses of customer 

data over the past 4 years.

ANTI-CORRUPTION AND COMPLIANCE

The Group maintains its stance in upholding high ethical 

standards, which we believe is integral to our corporate 

identity, business and success.

Our corporate policies and guidelines have been updated 

based on the latest Code of Corporate Governance 2018 and 

are aligned with SGX’s Rules of the Catalist, HKEX Main 

Board Listing Rules and the applicable laws and regulations 

where we operate in.

The Group furthers hold zero tolerance towards 

improprieties in relation to bribery, extortion, fraud, financial 

reporting and money laundering. Our stakeholders are 

encouraged to report and raise in good faith their concerns 

about possible improprieties to our audit committee chairman 

at this email: gary.chan@lhngroup.com.sg. All reports will be 

addressed in accordance with our whistle-blowing policy and 

be kept in confidence.

In FY2020, there were zero confirmed incidents of 

corruption brought against the Group or any of its employee 

and zero non-compliance cases with applicable laws and 

regulations.

Met

Met

Patch 

Management

implemented in 2020

Met

Highlights

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Cultivating Strong Business Values

28 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


INITIATIVES LAUNCHED IN 

2020 AND FUTURE ACTION 

PLAN

CYBER SECURITY AWARENESS TRAINING

In FY2020, the Information Technology (“IT”) Department 

provided cyber security awareness trainings to all our 

employees in view of higher risk of cyber-attack with the 

increased number of remote working arrangements. The 

training shared good practices for setting passwords and 

when sending emails, know-hows to identify phishing emails, 

steps to take when using public Wi-Fi and more. This training 

will be held as a refresher and also to inform employees of 

any new cyber security risks in the ensuing years, including 

FY2021.

UPGRADED ANTI-VIRUS SYSTEM TO A TOTAL ENDPOINT 

PROTECTION SUITE

This year, we have upgraded our anti-virus system to a more 

extensive suite that integrates security across multiple layers. 

It encompasses the following layers of security to ensure 

the broadest protection coverage against ransomware and 

advanced attacks:

• Endpoint security: Secure user activity on desktops, 

laptops or mobile devices with threat and data protection, 

application control, vulnerability protection and encryption

• Email and collaboration security: Superior protection 

against spam, phishing, malware and targeted attacks on 

mail server

• Web security: Enhanced visibility and control over 

employees’ web usage

• Centralised security management: Visibility across the 

entire threat life cycle for better analysis and management 

of threat

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Cultivating Strong Business Values

29 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


CASE STUDY

ENHANCING LHN DATA SECURITY IN FY2020

UPGRADING OF VPN GATEWAY AND MULTIFACTOR VERIFICATION FOR LHN’S VPN ACCESS 

During the year, we have upgraded our 

VPN Gateway to increase the bandwidth in 

catering to a higher number of users and 

usage and further, incorporated a multifactor 

authentication process before employees can 

access the company’s VPN gateway from a 

remote location. This added security function 

is paramount to ensure secure information 

and data access given the rise in number of 

employees working remotely from home due 

to imposed restrictions by the Government as 

a result of COVID-19.

PATCH MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

Patch management is the process that helps acquire, test 

and install multiple patches (code changes) on existing 

applications and software tools on a computer, enabling 

systems to stay updated on existing patches and determining 

which patches are the appropriate ones.

In the following years, the Group has plans to update its 

patch management system to boost automation in updating 

of software patches which will reduce vulnerabilities to cyber-

attacks induced by unpatched systems.

The upgrades to patch management will also optimise 

functionality of the systems leading up to better employee 

productivity.

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Cultivating Strong Business Values

30 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


As an employer, we believe that a diverse work environment will fuel innovation and ideas 

which is core to our business. Further pledging our commitment to TAFEP, we pride ourselves 

in being an employer who practices fair employment and provides equal opportunities to all.

Our Year’s Progress: Fair Employment Practices

Yearly Target – Achieved in 

FY2020

FY2021 Target

Employee Profile

• No confirmed cases of 

discriminations 

• Average of 15 training 

hours per employee

As a group with expertise across various core business 

segments and a diverse customer base involving both 

corporates and individuals, we place great importance on 

establishing a workplace that is built on diversity and equal 

opportunities. As at end of FY2020, we have approximately 

65% male to 35% female employees on average. This is an 

improvement in comparison to prior year’s of 59% male to 

41% female on average.

The overall workforce numbers have a significant increase 

from 259 as at the end of FY2019 to 510 employees as at 

the end of current year. This is mainly due to the increase in 

employees from residential division of the Space Optimisation 

Business and Facilities Management Business. The Group has 

newly launched the new dormitory business beginning April 

2020, which has resulted in a substantial increase in part-

time and temporary employees hired to oversee operational 

requirements.

For more information on our employee profile by gender, 

employment type and employment contract at the end of 

FY2019 and FY2020, kindly refer to the below:

Met

0

50

100

150

200

FY2019

FULL TIME &amp; PERMANENT

CONTRACT

MALE

FEMALE

MALE

FEMALE

PART TIME &amp; TEMPORARY

CONTRACT

FY2020

152

198

104

127

0

136

3

49

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Creating A Fair Workplace

31 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


FAIR EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES • NEW HIRES AND EMPLOYEE 

TURNOVER RATES

In FY2020, there were a total of  413 new hires (FY2019: 

163 new hires) and 162 turnovers (FY2019: 103 turnovers). 

Refer to the below charts for a breakdown of our employees’ 

new hire and turnover rate by age group and gender.

A high turnover rate was recorded due to nature of part-time 

temporary workers engaged for our new dormitory business.

&lt;30 years old

30-50 years old

&gt;50 years old

Number of 

Employees 

by age group

FY2019

49

133

77

FY2020

133

272

105

Percentage 

of new hire 

employees 

by age group

FY2019

75.5%

57.1%

64.9%

FY2020

87.2%

86.8%

58.1%

Percentage 

of turnover 

rate by age 

group

FY2019

42.8%

29.3%

55.8%

FY2020

65.3%

72.9%

42.9%

FY2019

FY2020

Percentage 

of new hire 

employees by 

gender

Male

77.0%

93.1%

Female

43.0%

58.0%

Percentage of 

turnover rate 

by gender

Male

57.2%

36.2%

Female

15.0%

23.3%

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Creating A Fair Workplace

32 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


FAIR EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES • AVERAGE TRAINING HOURS BY 

GENDER AND EMPLOYEE CATEGORY

LHN believes that the investment in the learning and 

development of our employees can help the Group retain its 

competitive edge within our industry. Our HR department 

considers the various business segments’ development 

needs and skillsets required by employees when arranging 

for training programmes tailored to our employees. At LHN, 

sponsorships are also granted to employees for taking up 

relevant courses not arranged by the Group.

On a yearly basis, our employees are evaluated on their 

performance through an appraisal conducted. Similar to our 

Group’s practice in FY2019, our supervisors and employees 

will also have opened feedback discussions on ways to 

improve an employee’s performance and their development.

In FY2020, we achieved in total 2,588 training hours 

(FY2019: 2,509 hours) for our employees, resulting in an 

average of 5.1 hours per employee (FY2019: 9.7 hours per 

employee). These training courses are designed to fulfil 

various knowledge and skillsets required of our employees 

ranging from financial-related courses to safety trainings. 

The decrease in average training hours per employee by 47% 

in FY2020 was due to an increase in workforce numbers, 

particularly male employees, and limitations to carry out in-

person trainings due to COVID-19 restrictions. 

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Creating A Fair Workplace

33 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


AVERAGE TRAINING HOURS

BY EMPLOYEE CATEGORY

(HOURS)

FY2019

FY2020

0

10

20

30

40

50

STAFF

ASSISTANT

&amp; EXECUTIVE

ASSISTANT

MANAGER

&amp; MANAGER

SENIOR

MANAGEMENT

12.0313.13

4.68

8.12

27.00

47.44

4.30

2.47

0

3

6

9

12

15

FY2019

FY2020

AVERAGE TRAINING HOURS BY GENDER

(HOURS)

11.40

3.76

7.25

7.56

MALE

FEMALE

However, we have organised monthly engagement programmes 

which are open for all employees to attend subject to their 

preference. Some of these programmes are shared in the case 

study below.

INITIATIVES LAUNCHED IN 

2020 AND FUTURE ACTION 

PLAN

E-LEARNING PROGRAMME

In FY2020, to continuously provide our employees with 

adequate skills and knowledge on their jobs and with the 

consideration of safety issues during the COVID-19 period, 

we have embarked on an e-learning partnership with 

SkillsHub and other training providers in providing a myriad 

of Workforce Skills Qualification (“WSQ”) courses on Microsoft 

Excel, Word and PowerPoint, virtual marketing, cyber 

awareness, and more.

In FY2021, we target for all employees to receive an 

average of 15 training hours for that year.

VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Creating A Fair Workplace

34 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT PROGRAMMES

Due to work from home arrangements over 

an extended period and the consideration of 

employees’ well-being during the COVID-19 

period, we have launched a series of online 

mental wellness talks and workout sessions 

for our employees in FY2020. During this 

tough time, we are striving to create a health 

and well-being-centric work environment for 

our employees not only at our office premises 

but also for those who are working from home 

during this pandemic.

For example, we have participated in the 

Workplace Outreach Wellness Programme 

initiated by the Health Promotion Board 

and have scheduled a series of programmes 

such as ‘Handling Life’s Difficulties’ and 

Ergonomics Workshop online talks, as well 

as, yoga classes as shown in the right poster. 

Other programmes include online financial 

literacy talks which provide insights to the 

management one’s financial health.

CASE STUDY

EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT PROGRAMME AND LONG SERVICE AWARD

LHN 2020 LONG SERVICE AWARD

LHN appreciates our employees for 

their continued loyalty, dedication and 

contributions. In recognition of that, we 

proudly presented the Long Service Award 

of 5, 10 and 15 years respectively to 30 

employees.





VI. PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS

Creating A Fair Workplace

35 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


APPENDIX A.

Entities included in the Group’s Sustainability Report

LHN LIMITED

LHN GROUP PTE. LTD.

SPACE OPTIMISATION BUSINESS

FACILITIES MANAGEMENT BUSINESS

Logistics Services Business

• Chua Eng Chong Holdings Pte. Ltd.

• Coliwoo Dormitory Management Pte. 

Ltd. (formerly known as Industrial 

and Commercial Security Pte. Ltd.)

• Hean Nerng Logistics 

Pte. Ltd. (“HNL”)

• GreenHub Suited Offices Pte. Ltd.

• New Shiso Catering Pte. Ltd. 

(formerly known as PickJunction 

Pte. Ltd.)

• Hean Nerng Facilities Management Pte. Ltd.

• Industrial &amp; Commercial Facilities 

Management Pte. Ltd.

• LHN Energy Resources Pte. Ltd.

• LHN Parking Pte. Ltd.

• LHN Facilities Management Pte. Ltd.

• LHN Properties Investments Pte. Ltd.

• LHN Space Resources Pte. Ltd.

• Singapore Handicrafts Pte Ltd

• Soon Wing Investments Pte. Ltd.

• Work Plus Store (Joo Seng) Pte. Ltd.

• Work Plus Store Pte. Ltd.

36 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


APPENDIX B.

Methodological Review &amp; Data Boundaries

This section details key definitions, methodologies and data boundaries applied to LHN Limited’s Sustainability Report, as 

we endeavour to elevate transparency and facilitate comparability of our data disclosed. These definitions and methodologies 

are adapted with reference to the GRI Standards Glossary 2016, Reporting Recommendations and Guidance set out in the 

respective GRI disclosures and various authoritative intergovernmental instruments.

7 Facilities Management Business is not covered in the scope for environmental-related material matters due to nature of the operations which involve a large 

number of resources being stationed at clients’ properties. Their energy and water consumption data are not available. Whereas for office staff, energy and water 

consumption data is covered under the environment data of LHN’s headquarters.

SOCIAL

Employee

Employees are defined as individuals who are in an 

employment relationship with the Group.

New hires and turnover (rates)

New hires are defined as new employees who have joined 

the Group during the financial year.

Turnover is defined as all employees who have left the 

Group voluntarily, or due to dismissal, retirement or death in 

service during the financial year.

New hires/turnover rate is the total number of new hires/

employee turnovers in the financial year, relative to the total 

number of employees recorded as at financial year-end.

New hires/turnover rate by age group is the total number 

of new hires/employee turnovers for each age group in the 

financial year, relative to the total number of employees in 

the respective age groups recorded as at financial year-end.

New hires/turnover rate by gender is the total number of 

female/(male) new hires/employee turnovers for each gender 

in the financial year, relative to the total number of female/

(male) employees recorded as at financial year-end.

Training hours

Average training hours per employee is the total number of 

training hours incurred during the financial year provided 

to employees, relative to the total number of employees 

recorded as at financial year-end.

Average training hours per female/(male) employee is the 

total number of training hours provided to female/(male) 

employees, relative to the total number of female/(male) 

employees recorded as at financial year-end.

Average training hours per employee category is the total 

number of training hours provided to each category of 

employees, relative to the total number of employees in the 

category recorded as at financial year-end.

Non-employee Workers

Non-employee workers are defined as workers who are not 

employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled 

by the organization; Or workers who are not employees 

and whose work and workplace are not controlled by the 

organization, but the organization’s operations, products 

or services are directly linked to significant occupational 

health and safety impacts on those workers by its business 

relationships.

ENVIRONMENT7

Energy consumption within the Group

Space Optimisation Business: Energy consumed results 

from self-generated energy from solar and purchased 

electricity consumed by LHN’s properties for its common 

areas (includes both indoors and outdoors, such as 

decorative light fixates and lamp posts outside of building) 

but excludes GreenHub properties and LHN’s Headquarters 

due to immaterial energy consumption. Solar energy data 

covers  72 Eunos and 100 Eunos buildings only. 38 Ang 

Mo Kio is excluded as it is part of a joint venture and not 

covered within scope of the report.

Logistics Services Business: Energy consumed results 

mainly from fuel consumed by LHN’s fleet of prime movers, 

trailers, oil tankers, ISO tankers and trucks. The remaining 

energy is contributed by electricity purchased for its newly 

acquired property at 7 Gul Avenue in 2020 to house our 

vehicle fleet, covering data from January to September 

2020 only.

Energy consumed is expressed in Megawatt hours (MWh).

Energy intensity

Space Optimisation Business: This is the ratio of energy 

consumed relative to total common floor areas (excludes 

outdoors as lighting outside of building is not attributable to 

any floor area) in square metres.

Energy intensity is expressed in Megawatt hours per square 

metre (MWh/m2).

GHG emissions

This report discloses indirect Scope 2 GHG emissions for 

Space Optimisation Business and Scope 1 GHG emissions 

for Logistics Services Business.

Scope 1 GHG emissions are derived from sources that 

are owned or controlled by LHN, which in this case are 

emissions released from fuel combustion within LHN-owned 

vehicle fleet. Carbon emissions are calculated with reference 

to 2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas 

Inventories.

Scope 2 GHG emissions are emissions that result from the 

generation of purchased or acquired electricity, heating, 

cooling, and steam consumed by the organisation. In the 

scope of reporting, this only relates to purchased electricity 

and is expressed in tonnes of CO2. A location-based method 

is adopted, which reflects the GHG emissions of the grids 

on which energy consumption occurs. In Singapore, the Grid 

Emission Factor (“GEF”) used for calculating GHG emissions 

is obtained from the Energy Market Authority of Singapore.

GHG emissions is expressed in tonnes of carbon dioxide 

equivalent (TCO2e).

37 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


APPENDIX B.

Methodological Review &amp; Data Boundaries

Work-related incident

Injury incidents are non-fatal or fatal injury or ill health 

arising out of, or in the course of, work.

Ill health indicates damage to health and includes diseases, 

illnesses and disorders.

Recordable work-related injury and rate

Rate of recordable work-related injuries for employees/

non-employee workers is the total number of employees’/

non-employee workers’ recordable work-related injuries per 

million hours worked, relative to the total scheduled hours 

worked by all employees/non-employee workers recorded as 

at financial year-end.

Recordable work-related ill health and rate

Rate of recordable work-related ill health for employees/

non-employee workers is the total number of employees’/

non-employee workers’ recordable work-related ill health per 

million hours worked, relative to the total scheduled hours 

worked by all employees/non-employee workers recorded as 

at financial year-end.

Fatalities and rate

Rate of fatalities as a result of work-related injury by 

employees and non-employee workers is the number of 

employees’/non-employee workers’ fatalities as a result of 

work-related injury per million hours worked, relative to the 

total scheduled hours worked by all employees/non-employee 

workers recorded as at financial year-end.

Rate of fatalities as a result of work-related ill health by 

employees and non-employee workers is the number of 

employees’/non-employee workers’ fatalities as a result of 

work-related ill health per million hours worked, relative 

to the total scheduled hours worked by all employees/

non-employee workers recorded as at financial year-end.

High-consequence work-related injury and rate

High-consequence work-related injury is the work-related 

injury that results in a fatality or in an injury from which the 

worker cannot, does not, or is not expected to recover fully 

to pre-injury health status within 6 months

Rate of high-consequence work-related injuries (excluding 

fatalities) by employees or non-employee workers is number 

of high-consequence work-related injuries (excluding 

fatalities) from employees/non-employee workers per million 

hours worked, relative to the total scheduled hours worked 

by all employees/non-employee workers recorded as at 

financial year-end.

Substantiated complaints

Substantiated complaints are written statements by 

regulatory or similar official body addressed to the 

organisation that identifies breaches of customer privacy, 

or a complaint lodged with the organisation that has been 

recognised as legitimate by the organisation.

Major substantiated complaints are defined as those that 

result in long-term significant impact on the health and 

safety of our customers, breaches to health and safety 

regulations, or a failure to deliver agreed-upon service 

requirements.

GHG emissions intensity

Space Optimisation Business: This is the ratio of GHG 

emissions relative to total occupied area (including common 

floor area) in square metres.

GHG emissions intensity for Space Optimisation Business is 

expressed in tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent per square 

metre (TCO2e/m2).

Logistics Services Business: This is the ratio of GHG 

emissions to distance travelled. This is estimated at 2.5 

kilometres travelled per litre for GHG emission intensity 

calculation purposes.

GHG emissions intensity for Logistics Services Business 

is expressed in tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent per 

kilometre (TCO2e/km).

Water consumption

Space optimisation Business: This is the volume of water 

consumed by LHN’s properties but excludes GreenHub 

properties and LHN’s Headquarter due to immaterial water 

consumption.

Logistics Services Business: Volume of water consumption 

includes mainly water used for washing of our vehicle fleet. 

Water consumption data covers January to September 2020 

only.

Given the nature of LHN’s business and in Singapore’s 

context, where water comes from a single third-party source 

supplied by Public Utilities Board (PUB) and discharge is 

not required to be monitored, the total amount of water 

withdrawn is assumed to be amount consumed as is reflected 

in utility bills received by the Group.

Volume of water consumed is expressed in cubic metres (m3).

Water intensity

Space optimisation Business: This is the ratio of water 

consumed relative to total common floor areas in square 

metres.

Water intensity is expressed in cubic metres per square 

metre (m3/m2).

38 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


GRI 

STANDARD

DISCLOSURE

SECTION

PAGE NUMBER (“NO.”)

102-1

Name of the organization

Our business

1

102-2

Activities, brands, products and services

Our business

1

102-3

Location of headquarters

Our business

1

102-4

Location of operations

Our business

1

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Our business

1

102-6

Markets served

Our business

1

102-7

Scale of the organization

Our business

1

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Create a fair workplace

31-35

102-9

Supply chain

Our business

1

102-10

Significant changes to the organization and its 

supply chain

Chairman’s message

4-5

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

Chairman’s message

4-5

102-12

External initiatives

Safeguard health and safety

19-23

102-13

Membership of associations

Singapore Business Federation 

HNL: Singapore Logistics Association

–

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Chairman’s message

Board Statement

4-5

7

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour

Our business

Chairman’s message 

Create a fair workplace

1 

4-5 

31-35

102-18

Governance structure

Sustainability at LHN: Sustainability 

Governance 

Cultivate strong business values:  

Anti-corruption and compliance

7 

 

28

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Our approach to sustainability: 

Stakeholder engagement

8-9

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Not applicable

–

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Sustainability at LHN:  

Stakeholder engagement

8-9

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Sustainability at LHN:  

Stakeholder engagement

8-9

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Sustainability at LHN:  

Stakeholder engagement

8-9

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements

Appendix A

36

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

Sustainability at LHN: overview of 

LHN’s sustainability approach

10-13

102-47

List of material topics

Sustainability at LHN: overview of 

LHN’s sustainability approach

10-13

102-48

Restatements of information

Not applicable to this report.

–

102-49

Changes in reporting

About this report

2-3

102-50

Reporting period

About this report

2-3

102-51

Date of most recent report

–

FY2019 Sustainability 

Report was published 

on 28 February 2020.

102-52

Reporting cycle

–

Annual

APPENDIX C.

GRI Content Index

39 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


APPENDIX C.

GRI Content Index

GRI 

STANDARD

DISCLOSURE

SECTION

PAGE NUMBER (“NO.”)

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

–

enquiry@lhngroup.com.sg

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards

About this report

2-3

102-55

GRI content index

GRI content index

40-41

102-56

External assurance

Sustainability at LHN: Overview of 

LHN’s sustainability approach

10-13

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken

Cultivate strong business values:  

Anti-corruption and compliance

28

302-1

Energy consumption within the organization

Protecting our environment: Energy

14-16

302-3

Energy intensity

Protecting our environment: Energy

14-16

303-1

Interactions with water as a shared resource

Sustainability at LHN: Overview of 

LHN’s sustainability approach  

Protecting our environment: Water 

consumption 

Appendix B

10-13

17-18

37-38

303-2

Management of water discharge-related impacts

Sustainability at LHN: Overview of 

LHN’s sustainability approach 

Appendix B

10-13 

 

37-38

303-5

Water consumption

Protecting our environment: Water 

consumption

There is no issue in sourcing water that 

is fit for purpose. We source our water 

100% from municipal source.

17-18

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulation

Cultivate strong business values:  

Anti-corruption and compliance

28

401-1

New employee hires and employee turnover

Create a fair workplace

31-35

403-1

Occupational health and safety management 

system

Safeguard health and safety

19-23

403-2

Hazard identification, risk assessment, and 

incident investigation

Safeguard health and safety

19-23

403-3

Occupational health services

Safeguard health and safety

19-23

403-4

Worker participation, consultation, and 

communication on occupational health and 

safety

Safeguard health and safety

19-23

403-5

Worker training on occupational health and safety

Safeguard health and safety

19-23

403-6

Promotion of worker health

Safeguard health and safety

19-23

403-7

Prevention and mitigation of occupational health 

and safety impacts

Safeguard health and safety

19-23

403-9

Work-related injuries

Safeguard health and safety

19-23

403-10

Work-related ill health

Safeguard health and safety

19-23

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

Create a fair workplace

31-35

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the 

health and safety impacts of products and 

services

Safeguard health and safety

19-23

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses of customer data

Cultivate strong business values: 

Security of information

28-30

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area

Cultivate strong business values:  

Anti-corruption and compliance

28

-

Results of surveys measuring customer 

satisfaction

Cultivate strong business values: 

Customer satisfaction

24-26

40 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


APPENDIX D.

HKEx ESG Reporting Guide Index

GENERAL 

DISCLOSURES 

AND KPIS

DESCRIPTION

SECTION

PAGE 

NO.

REMARKS

ENVIRONMENTAL

ASPECT A1: EMISSIONS

General 

Disclosure

Sustainability at LHN: 

Overview of LHN’s 

sustainability approach

Cultivate strong 

business values: 

Compliance with 

applicable laws and 

regulations

10-13

28

–

–

KPI A1.1

The types of emissions and 

respective emissions data

Protecting our 

environment: Energy

14-16

Our logistics business uses 

ultra-low sulphur diesel 10 

ppm which significantly 

reduces the sulphur 

dioxide, nitrogen oxides and 

particulate emissions. The 

usage of AdBlue substances 

further reduces harmful 

nitrogen oxides.

KPI A1.2

Greenhouse gas emissions in total 

(in tonnes) and, where appropriate, 

intensity

Protecting our 

environment: Energy

14-16

Our GHG emission is 

principally from the 

electricity and fuel consumed 

and is measured in total 

carbon dioxide (TCO2e).

KPI A1.3

Total hazardous waste produced 

(in tonnes) and, where appropriate, 

intensity

–

–

LHN produced no hazardous 

waste in FY2020.

KPI A1.4

Total non-hazardous waste 

produced (in tonnes) and, where 

appropriate, intensity

–

–

Disposal bins placed at 

various locations at our 

properties are cleared by 

vendors daily. LHN does not 

monitor the operation of the 

vendors, and therefore has 

no data on the total disposed 

waste for the reporting 

period.

KPI A1.5

Description of measures to mitigate 

emissions and results achieved

Protecting our 

environment: Energy

16

–

KPI A1.6

Description of how hazardous and 

non-hazardous wastes are handled, 

reduction initiatives and results 

achieved

–

–

All wastes are collected 

and disposed by authorised 

vendors. Our waste includes 

mainly general waste from 

tenants’ activities. Recycling 

bins are available at all our 

commercial properties and 

are placed at common areas 

for tenants to segregate 

waste and recycle.

ASPECT A2: USE OF RESOURCES

General 

Disclosure

Sustainability at LHN: 

Overview of LHN's 

sustainability approach 

Cultivate strong 

business values: 

Compliance with 

applicable laws and 

regulations

10-13 

28

–

–

KPI A2.1

Direct and/or indirect energy 

consumption by type (e.g. 

electricity, gas, or oil) in total (kWh 

in ’000s) and intensity

Protecting our 

environment: Energy

14-16

–

41 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


APPENDIX D.

HKEx ESG Reporting Guide Index

GENERAL 

DISCLOSURES 

AND KPIS

DESCRIPTION

SECTION

PAGE 

NO.

REMARKS

KPI A2.2

Water consumption in total and 

intensity

Protecting our 

environment: Water 

consumption

17-18

–

KPI A2.3

Description of energy use efficiency 

initiatives and results achieved

Protecting our 

environment: Energy

14-16

–

KPI A2.4

Description of whether there is 

any issue in sourcing water that 

is fit for purpose, water efficiency 

initiatives and results achieved

Protecting our 

environment: Water 

consumption

17-18

–

KPI A2.5

Total packaging material used for 

finished products (in tonnes) and, 

if applicable, with reference to per 

unit produced

–

This is not applicable to 

LHN. We do not have any 

packaging material.

ASPECT A3: THE ENVIRONMENT AND NATURAL RESOURCES

General Disclosure

–

KPI A3.1

Description of the significant 

impacts of activities on the 

environment and natural resources 

and the actions taken to manage 

them

Protecting our 

environment: Energy

Protecting our 

environment: Water 

consumption

14-16 

17-18

–

–

SOCIAL

EMPLOYMENT AND LABOUR PRACTICES

ASPECT B1: EMPLOYMENT

General Disclosure

Sustainability at LHN: 

Overview of LHN’s 

sustainability approach

Create a fair workplace; 

Cultivate strong 

business values: 

Anti-corruption and 

compliance

10-13 

28

–

–

KPI B1.1

Total workforce by gender, 

employment type, age group and 

geographical region

Create a fair workplace

31-35

–

KPI B1.2

Employee turnover rate by gender, 

age group and geographical region 

Create a fair workplace

31-35

–

ASPECT B2: HEALTH AND SAFETY

General Disclosure

Sustainability at LHN: 

Overview of LHN’s 

sustainability approach

Create a fair workplace; 

Cultivate strong 

business values: 

Anti-corruption and 

compliance

10-13

28

–

–

KPI B2.1

Number and rate of work-related 

facilities 

Safeguard health and 

safety

19-23

–

KPI B2.2

Lost days due to work injury

Safeguard health and 

safety

19-23

–

42 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


APPENDIX D.

HKEx ESG Reporting Guide Index

GENERAL 

DISCLOSURES 

AND KPIS

DESCRIPTION

SECTION

PAGE 

NO.

REMARKS

KPI B2.3

Description of occupational health 

and safety measures adopted, 

how they are implemented and 

monitored

Safeguard health and 

safety

19-23

–

ASPECT B3: DEVELOPMENT AND TRAINING

General Disclosure

Sustainability at LHN: 

Overview of LHN’s 

sustainability approach

Create a fair workplace

Cultivate strong 

business values: 

Anti-corruption and 

compliance

10-13

28

–

–

KPI B3.1

The percentage of employees 

trained by gender and employee 

category

Create a fair workplace

31-35

–

KPI B3.2

The average training hours 

completed per employee by gender 

and employee category 

Create a fair workplace

31-35

–

ASPECT B4: LABOUR STANDARDS

General Disclosure

Sustainability at LHN: 

Overview of LHN’s 

sustainability approach

Create a fair workplace

Cultivate strong 

business values: 

Anti-corruption and 

compliance

10-13

28 

–

–

KPI B4.1

Description of measures to review 

employment practices to avoid 

child and forced labour

–

–

The risk of non-compliance 

for LHN is extremely low. 

LHN continues to work with 

our recruitment agency to 

ensure our full compliance 

with any applicable labour 

law and regulations. There 

were no non-compliances in 

FY2020.

KPI B4.2

Description of steps taken to 

eliminate such practices when 

discovered

–

–

This is not applicable to 

LHN. There is no such 

practice identified within the 

Group.

OPERATING PRACTICES

ASPECT B5: SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

General Disclosure

Our business

1

KPI B5.1

Number of suppliers by 

geographical region

Our business

1

KPI B5.2

Description of practices relating 

to engaging suppliers, number of 

suppliers where the practices are 

being implemented, how they are 

implemented and monitored

Our business

1

–

43 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020


GENERAL 

DISCLOSURES 

AND KPIS

DESCRIPTION

SECTION

PAGE 

NO.

REMARKS

ASPECT B6: PRODUCT RESPONSIBILITY

General Disclosure

Cultivate strong 

business values: 

Anti-corruption and 

compliance

28

–

KPI B6.1

Percentage of total products sold or 

shipped subject to recalls for safety 

and health reasons

–

This is not applicable to 

LHN.

KPI B6.2

Number of products and service 

related complaints received and 

how they are dealt with 

Cultivate strong 

business values: 

Customer satisfaction

24-26

–

KPI B6.3

Description of practices relating 

to observing and protecting 

intellectual property rights 

–

This is not applicable to 

LHN.

KPI B6.4

Description of quality assurance 

process and recall procedures 

–

This is not applicable to 

LHN.

KPI B6.5

Description of consumer data 

protection and privacy policies, 

how they are implemented and 

monitored

Cultivate strong 

business values: 

Security of information

28-30

–

ASPECT B7: ANTI-CORRUPTION

General Disclosure

Cultivate strong 

business values: 

Anti-corruption and 

compliance

28

–

KPI B7.1

Number of concluded legal cases 

regarding corrupt practices brought 

against the issuer or its employees 

during the reporting period and the 

outcomes of the cases 

Cultivate strong 

business values: 

Anti-corruption and 

compliance

28

–

KPI B7.2

Description of preventive measures 

and whistle-blowing procedures, 

how they are implemented and 

monitored 

Cultivate strong 

business values: 

Anti-corruption and 

compliance

28

–

COMMUNITY

ASPECT B8: COMMUNITY INVESTMENT

General Disclosure

–

–

Please refer to our annual 

report FY2020 published 

on the website of HKEX 

(www.hkexnews.hk), SGX-ST 

(www.sgx.com) and the 

website of the Company 

(www.lhngroup.com).

KPI B8.1

Focus areas of contribution

–

–

Please refer to our annual 

report FY2020 published 

on the website of HKEX 

(www.hkexnews.hk), SGX-ST 

(www.sgx.com) and the 

website of the Company 

(www.lhngroup.com).

KPI B8.2

Resources contributed to the focus 

area

–

–

Please refer to our annual 

report FY2020 published 

on the website of HKEX 

(www.hkexnews.hk), SGX-ST 

(www.sgx.com) and the 

website of the Company 

(www.lhngroup.com).

APPENDIX D.

HKEx ESG Reporting Guide Index

44 LHN LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020












LHN LIMITED 

賢能集團有限公司*

10 Raeburn Park #02-18

Singapore 088702

Tel: (65) 6368 8328   Fax: (65) 6367 2163

lhngroup.com

*For identification purpose only

