




































































































































































































































SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2019
























































CONTENTS

BOARD STATEMENT  

03

CORPORATE PROFILE 

04

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

05

GOVERNANCE TOPICS 

07

ECONOMIC TOPICS 

08

ENVIRONMENTAL TOPICS 

09

SOCIAL TOPICS 

15

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX  

22




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

3

We are pleased to present Lian Beng Group Ltd (“Lian Beng”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) annual 

Sustainability Report for our Financial Year ended 31 May 2019 (“FY2019”).

The Board of Directors (“Board”) and the key management team are directly involved in identifying the Group’s Economic, 

Environmental, Social and Governance (“EESG”) factors, planning and strategising the sustainability initiatives to minimise 

EESG risks. The Sustainability Reporting Task Force, which was established in 2017, comprising senior management 

executives from key functions and business units. The Sustainability Reporting Task Force plan, implement and review the 

sustainability initiatives and assists the Board to:

i) 

Establish the framework for data collection, monitoring and reporting; 

ii) 

Identify the stakeholder concerns and expectation through consultation and cooperation between management, 

employees and stakeholders;

iii) 

Identify potential EESG risks and opportunities arising from the business activities.

Presently, the availability of EESG data enables sustainability reporting to gain a greater significance to investors. Apart 

from being an image building exercise, it is widely recognised that good EESG practices do contribute to the overall long-

term success of the company, and play an important part in the competition for talent and investment. 

In defining our reporting content, we applied the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”)’s principles by considering the Group’s 

activities, impact and substantive expectations and interests of its stakeholders. We observed a total of four principles, 

namely materiality, stakeholder inclusiveness, sustainability index and completeness. For reporting quality, we observed 

the principles of balance, comparability, accuracy, timeliness, clarity and reliability. 

As GRI does not require external assurance, the EESG data and information provided in this report have been derived from 

internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy. 

REPORTING PERIOD AND SCOPE

This report is set out on a “comply or explain” basis in accordance with Practice Note 7.6 of the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Ltd. (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual on Continuing Listing Obligations. Corresponding to GRI’s emphasis 

on materiality, this report highlights the key EESG related initiatives that were carried out during a 12-month period, from 

1 June 2018 to 31 May 2019. 

In this report, we will be covering all business segments with the exception of our property development segment. For 

property development segment, please refer to SLB Development Ltd (“SLB”)’s Sustainability Report FY2019.

REPORTING FRAMEWORK

The GRI Framework that Lian Beng has adopted is the most established international sustainability reporting standard, 

and in respect of the extent to which such framework is applied, this report has been prepared in accordance to the GRI 

Standards reporting guidelines, at its Core level. 

This report supplements the Group’s Annual Report FY2019 and both are available for download at our website at http://

www.lianbeng.com.sg. 

FEEDBACK AND ACCESS

We welcome all feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this will enable us to improve 

our policies, systems and performance. Please send your comments and suggestions to lbg@lianbeng.sg.  

No hard copies of this Sustainability Report have been printed as part of our efforts to promote environmental conservation. 

You may visit SGX website or our company website www.lianbeng.com.sg for our Sustainability Report FY2019.

BOARD 

STATEMENT




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD  

4

CORPORATE 

PROFILE

Established in 1973, Lian Beng Group Ltd is one of Singapore’s major home-grown construction groups with integrated civil 

engineering and construction support service capabilities. The Group was listed on the mainboard of the SGX-ST in 1999. 

The Group is principally involved in 3 business segments:

A) CONSTRUCTION

The Group is principally involved in the construction of residential, industrial and commercial projects, and civil 

engineering projects as a main contractor. As a Building and Construction Authority (“BCA”) Grade A1 contractor in 

General Building, Lian Beng is able to tender for public sector building projects of unlimited contract value, while its A2 

grading in Civil Engineering allows it to tender for engineering projects of up to $85 million in contract value.

In FY2019, the Group has reorganised its business segments to merge and report the construction segment and 

the construction-related business segment as one. The construction-related business involves the manufacturing of 

ready-mix concrete, engineering and leasing of construction machinery, which supports the Group’s own construction 

projects,. The Group has also incorporated United Plus Steel Resources Private Limited in February 2019 for the 

processing of fabricated reinforcement bars, which will support construction projects of the Group and other third 

parties.

B) INVESTMENT HOLDINGS AND DORMITORY BUSINESS

i) 

Investment Holdings

The Group owns a diverse property portfolio comprising residential, commercial and light industrial properties. 

Sembawang Shopping Centre was newly acquired in FY2019 by the Group, via joint ventures. The Group also 

has investments in securities and bonds.

ii) Dormitory Business

The Group currently owns 55% of a dormitory, Westlite Mandai. 

C) PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT

The property development of Lian Beng Group is undertaken by its subsidiary company, SLB, which was listed on 

Catalist Board of SGX-ST in April 2018. SLB is a diversified property developer with extensive experience and track 

record across the residential, mixed-use as well as industrial and commercial sectors and property development 

projects ranging from small to large scale. 

AWARDS AND ACHIEVEMENTS 

The Group has won a number of awards and accolades for our excellence in general construction practices. In FY2019, we 

have also been presented with a ROSPA SILVER Award 2018 for Occupational Health and Safety (an award that we have 

been receiving for many years) as well as the bizSAFE Star and bizSAFE Partner certifications awarded by the Workplace 

Safety and Health (“WSH”) Council in Singapore. Other notable awards include:

• 

BCA Green Mark Award for Buildings (Platinum), 2018

• 

BCA Construction Excellence Award (Merit), 2018

• 

BCA Quality Excellence Award Quality Champion (Platinum), 2017 

• 

BCA Building Information Modelling (BIM) Award Organisation (Gold), 2017 

• 

BCA Quality Excellence Award Quality Champion (GoldPlus), 2016 

• 

BCA Quality Excellence Award (Gold), 2015 

• 

International Construction Award by the Global Trade Leaders’ Club, headquartered in Madrid, Spain.

The construction segment has also received ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 certifications for our environmental 

and quality practices.




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

SUSTAINABILITY 

APPROACH

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Stakeholders are groups of people who have a material impact on our business or may be materially impacted by our 

business. These may include internal stakeholders such as employees and external stakeholders such as suppliers, 

customers and regulators. We engage our stakeholders through various channels to understand their concerns and 

expectations.























PLAN 

AND 

SCOPE

ENGAGE 

STAKE 

HOLDERS

ASSESS

MATERIALITY

COLLECT

DATA

REPORT

Stakeholders

Engagement Platforms

Issues of Concern

Read more in the 

following Sections

Community 

• Community Services 

Engagement

• Environmental Impact

• Social Development 

• Environmental Topics 

• Giving back to our 

community

Employees 

• Structured and open annual 

performance appraisal 

system to link performance 

with remuneration

• Training and Education

• Remuneration and Benefits

• Training and Development 

• Ethics and Conduct

• Training and Career 

Development

Suppliers and 

Subcontractors

• Weekly update from 

contractors

• Mass toolbox meetings

• Health and Safety

• Environmental Compliance 

• Managing our Suppliers

• Vision Towards an Accident-

Free Work Culture 

Customers

• Regular dialogues  

• Data Privacy

• Quality of tenants’ living 

conditions

• Protecting Customer Privacy 

and Data

• Customer Health and Safety 

Governments 

and Regulators

• SGX announcements 

• Annual Reports 

• Sustainability Reports

• Ongoing dialogues

• Environmental compliance 

with National Environmental 

Agency (“NEA”)

• Regulatory and Industrial 

requirements under Building 

and Construction Authority 

(“BCA”) and Ministry of 

Manpower (“MOM”)

• Fines or Penalties 

• Injuries and Incidents

Shareholders 

and investors

• Annual Reports

• Investor Relations 

Management

• Annual General Meetings

• Economic Performance

• Anti-corruption 

• Innovative and Excellence

• Anti-corruption

5




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD  

6

SUSTAINABILITY 

APPROACH

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant aspects. Relevant aspects are then prioritised to identify 

material factors which are subjected to validation. The result of this process is a list of material factors which will be 

disclosed in the Sustainability Report. 

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment during the year. We engaged our employees from different departments, 

seeking our internal stakeholders’ feedback for prioritisation of these topics. Going forward, a materiality review will be 

conducted every year, incorporating inputs gathered from stakeholders’ engagements. In order to determine if an aspect is 

material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, environment and society and its influence on the stakeholders. 

Applying the guidance from GRI and stakeholders’ input, we have identified the following as our material aspects.

Innovation and 

Excellence

Anti-Corruption

ECONOMIC

Materials

Energy

Water 

Effluents and 

Waste

Noise and Vector

ENVIRONMENTAL

Employee Benefits

Training and Career 

Development

Giving Back to 

Community

Occupational Health 

and Safety

Supplier Assessment

Customer Health and 

Safety

Customer Privacy 

and Data

SOCIAL

Diversity of 

Governance 

Bodies

GOVERNANCE




























SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

GOVERNANCE 

TOPICS

7

Lian Beng’s Board and Management are committed to comply to the practices in Corporate Governance to ensure 

sustainability of the Group’s operations and to justify investor confidence. We believe that our constant drive for corporate 

excellence will allow us to establish a more transparent and accountable system, thereby increasing the value of the Group 

and its value to our shareholders. Please refer to page 25 of 2019 Annual Report for details of the Group’s Corporate 

Governance Report.

We will continue to comply with the Code of Corporate Governance and meet all requirements that are expected of us by 

our stakeholders. 

DIVERSITY OF GOVERNANCE BODIES (GRI 405-1)

The Board believes in diversity and values the benefits diversity can bring to the Board in its deliberations. With the 

female-to-male ratio remaining at 1:2 on the Board, we believe our Board’s gender diversity will further enhance the 

Board’s decision-making capability and ensure that the Group has the opportunity to benefit from all available talent and 

perspectives.

Moving forward, the Board intends to maintain its current diversity of female-to-male ratio.




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD  

8

ECONOMICS 

TOPICS

INNOVATION AND EXCELLENCE (GRI 203-2)

The Group has made investments in technologies such as telescopic handler, automatic wheel washer and biometric 

systems to increase our productivity on site and save manpower on menial tasks. We also incorporated the use of 

Prefabricated Prefinished Volumetric Construction (“PPVC”) and Prefabricated Bathroom Units (“PBU”), as part of the 

Design for Manufacturing &amp; Assembly (“DfMA”) process to reduce reliance on manpower and ensure on-site productivity 

and quality control.

The use of PPVC and PBU help to reduce water usage, noise, dust, waste generated at the project sites, at the same time 

improve worksite safety. We have also automated the rebar cutting processes to increase efficiency and accuracy for use 

in construction projects. This has helped reduce the level of wastage in the rebar cutting process.

The Group will continue to invest in innovation and productivity improvements in relation to our operational processes. We 

will constantly be on a lookout for new innovative technologies and methods to increase productivity. 

ANTI-CORRUPTION (GRI 205-1, 205-2, 205-3)

Lian Beng has a zero-tolerance stance on any form of corruption. The Group’s Code of Conduct prohibits all employees 

from being involved in offering, paying, requesting or receiving bribes or participating in any fraudulent activities.

The Group has also established a whistleblowing policy which provides an avenue for all employees and external parties to 

raise issues in confidence pertaining to wrongdoing or improper financial accounting to the Chairman of Audit Committee 

via email at whistleblowing@lianbenggroup.com.sg. Relevant actions will be taken to correct the weaknesses in internal 

controls and policies that may allow the perpetration of fraud or misconduct or both, and to prevent a similar incident from 

repeating itself. Administrative, disciplinary, civil or criminal actions or any combinations of these will be taken following the 

completion of independent investigations.

Similar to FY2018, there were no incidents of corruption in FY2019 and we will continue to aim for a corruption-free 

organisation in FY2020.




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

ENVIRONMENTAL

TOPICS

9

Lian Beng is a committed and environmentally responsible partner in the communities we operate in to ensure a safe, 

efficient and environmentally conscious operating environment. The Group believes in building a practical ‘green’ future by 

minimising the adverse impact on the environment associated with our building construction works.

Lian Beng’s risk and sustainability-based strategies are geared to assess, avoid, reduce and mitigate environmental 

risks and negative impacts. Our Environmental Policy and Guideline (“EPG”) provides the overall framework to ensure 

that natural resources are efficiently used throughout the conservation of energy and water, and minimise the waste by 

reducing, reusing and recycling where possible. The EPG applies to all the Group’s business segments. 

The Group has also embarked on the Green and Gracious Builder Scheme (“GGBS”) initiated by BCA. The implementation 

of the GGBS by BCA has enhanced and complemented the current ISO 14001 Environmental Management System 

(“EMS”), which promotes environment protection and gracious practices during the construction phase of projects. The 

adoption of the GGBS has not only raised the level of environmental consciousness among the project team, but helps to 

align all entities within the Group in managing its environmental responsibilities. 

In the construction industry, energy, water, material consumption and waste disposal are dependent on the volume and 

different stages of the construction activities. In FY2019, there were eight on-going construction projects as compared to 

five in FY2018. Due to the increase in number of construction projects, the energy, water and material consumption and 

waste disposal in FY2019 were higher than in FY2018.

CONSTRUCTION 

Lian Beng works closely with its staff and subcontractors to ensure comprehensive management of environmental impact 

at all its construction sites.

Hazardous Materials Management:

• Hazardous materials usage and storage 

reporting

• Hazardous materials business plan

• Hazardous materials inventory

• Asbestos, lead and mould management

• Subsurface investigations

• Site characterisation and remediation

• Underground storage tank management

Health and Safety Awareness: 

• Training of staff and subcontractors

• Emergency escalation framework

Compliance Assessments:

• Corporate and project-based internal  

safety audits 

• Compliance audits

• Gaps assessment

• Compliance to WSH regulations

Waste / Vector Management: 

• Compliance to NEA regulations

• Source reduction

Air Quality / Noise Management:

• Engagement of Acoustic Consultant to 

study on residual noise prior to project 

commencement

• Air quality / Noise permits

• Record keeping in source reduction

• Programme development

• Training / WSH regulations




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD  

10

ENVIRONMENTAL

TOPICS

INPUT MATERIALS (GRI 301-2)

READY-MIX CONCRETE

In FY2019, green materials make up an average of 7% and 11% of the ready-mix concrete produced at our Punggol 

Plant and Tuas Plant respectively [FY2018: 5% (Punggol Plant), 13% (Tuas Plant)]. We aim to continue increasing the 

percentage to 10% for the Punggol Plant and maintain at least 10% for the Tuas Plant for the following financial year to 

develop a concrete mix with lower carbon footprint. 

ENERGY AND EMISSIONS MANAGEMENT 

(GRI 302-1, 302-4, 302-5, 305-1, 305-2, 305-5)

We are committed to working closely with our stakeholders to manage our carbon footprint. Improving energy efficiency 

by managing carbon emissions is one of the crucial elements in addressing climate change. Therefore, we will continue to 

minimize the energy consumption by constructing well-designed projects that will aid in reducing gas emissions. Energy 

and emissions intensity ratios are calculated for the Group to better assess the emissions efficiency. For all the relevant 

business units, we aim to maintain the current energy consumption for the next financial year.

CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS

Lian Beng is certified as a Green and Gracious Builder (Excellent). Environmentally friendly initiatives are incorporated in 

building designs and implemented during the construction period. All projects undertaken by Lian Beng have been Green 

Mark Certified. Martin Modern was certified “Gold Plus” and Defu Industrial City was certified “Platinum” for efforts in 

environmental protection.

There were seven ongoing projects in FY2019, where energy consumption totalled 6,776,700 kWh and CO2 emissions 

were 4,792,200 kg. With construction projects having a combined GFA of 623,340 m2, the total energy and emission 

intensity ratios were 10.87 kWh/m² and 7.69 kg/m² respectively. There was an increase of 3,019,700 kWh in FY2019 

total energy consumption as compared to FY2018 of 3,757,000 kWh and an energy and emission intensity ratios of 7.38 

kWh/m² and 5.22 kg/m² respectively. The increase in energy consumption was attributed to having some of the projects 

entering the next construction phase, which required more energy as compared to the initial phase, as well as new projects 

commenced in FY2019. 

The Group has also acquired 60% of United Tec Construction Pte Ltd in FY2019. There was only one ongoing project, 

which consumed a total energy consumption of 102,600 kWh and CO2 emissions of 72,600 kg. With a GFA of 92,667 m2, 

the energy and emission intensity ratio were 1.11 kWh/m² and 0.78 kg/m2 respectively. 

We strive to reduce total energy use on site by introducing energy-saving equipment, including solar panels, to power 

several equipment such as noise meters, and earth control measures. Energy-saving air conditioning units and motion 

sensors were also installed in less frequently used areas to further conserve energy. In FY2019, we have successfully 

conserved a total of 149,300 kWh of energy, which is equivalent to 105,600 kg in CO2 emissions as compared to 26,500 

kWh of energy and 18,700 kg in CO2 emissions in FY2018. 

READY-MIX CONCRETE

For the manufacturing of ready-mix plants, we are committed to reduce energy consumption through process improvement 

by using resources and equipment to optimise energy usage. Our energy consumption for ready-mix concrete was 

2,672,300 kWh and an average of energy consumption per cubic meter of concrete of 4 kWh/m3 in FY2019. There was 

an increase in energy consumption as compared to FY2018 where our energy consumption was 1,961,600 kWh and 

an average of energy consumption per cubic meter of concrete of 3 kWh/m3. The increase in energy consumption was 

attributed to the increase in manufacturing volume. 




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

ENVIRONMENTAL

TOPICS

11

INVESTMENT HOLDINGS

The total energy consumption for the investment holdings amounted to 13,915,800 kWh and the corresponding CO2 

emissions was 9,840,600 kg in FY2019. There was a significant increase as compared to the energy consumption and CO2 

emissions in FY2018 at 5,009,700 kWh and 3,542,600 kg in CO2 emissions. The increase was attributed to the acquisition 

of Sembawang Shopping Centre in FY2019 and also the full year energy consumption at Wilkie Edge as Wilkie Edge was 

acquired during FY2018.

DORMITORY BUSINESS

For our dormitory Westlite Mandai, we have implemented several energy-saving initiatives to reduce energy consumption. 

In FY2019, total energy consumption for the dormitory was 3,512,300 kWh and the corresponding CO2 emissions was 

2,483,700 kg. The total energy consumption and CO2 emissions remained relatively constant as compared to FY2018 at 

3,334,500 kWh and 2,358,000 kg respectively. 



Common areas of 

workers’

accommodation 

are designed 

to maximise the use of 

natural light



Lifts operate on a 

variable voltage and 

variable frequency 

(“VVVF”) motor drive 

with sleep mode 

features to help reduce 

electricity usage



Worker domitories 

are separated by walls, 

with an opening at the 

top that allows for 

air ventilation

WATER MANAGEMENT (GRI 303-1, 303-3)

Water remains a scarce resource in Singapore and it is an important resource that we have to conserve. Our water 

conservation measures include collecting rainwater to reduce the demand for fresh water, as well as reusing and recycling 

water across our businesses. The Group will remain committed in continuing our water conservation efforts and make 

improvements on our water-reclaiming processes. For all the relevant business units, we aim to maintain the current water 

consumption for the next financial year.

CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS

Earth Control Measures (“ECM”) are implemented across all of our construction sites. In FY2019, approximately 15% 

(43,311 m³) of ECM-collected treated water are reused as a secondary source by construction projects for general purposes 

such as vehicle washing, watering of access pathways as well as washing of workers’ toilets. This practice has allowed us 

to maximise the use of rainwater collected. In addition, the use of pre-cast concrete has significantly reduced the need of 

using the on-site water.

The targets for water usage are set and water meters are also installed to track water usage at all project sites. In FY2019, 

the seven construction projects have utilised a total of 56,100 m³ of water against the GFA of 623,340 m2. There was a 

significant increase of 28,600 m³ in FY2019 water consumption as compared to FY2018 at 27,500 m³. The increase in 

water consumption was attributed to having some of the projects entering the next construction phase, which required 

more water as compared to the initial phase, as well as new projects commenced in FY2019. 

The Group’s newly acquired 60% entity – United Tec Construction Pte Ltd had consumed a total of 5,300 m³ of water 

against the GFA of 92,667 m2.




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD  

12

ENVIRONMENTAL

TOPICS

READY-MIX CONCRETE

In FY2019, 121,800 m³ of water was consumed in the manufacturing of ready-mix concrete. There was a slight increase 

in the water consumption as compared to FY2018 at 102,800 m³. The increase was due to the increase in manufacturing 

volume. 

INVESTMENT HOLDINGS

In FY2019, the water consumption for the investment holdings amounted to a total of 84,400 m³. There was a significant 

increase as compared to the water consumption in FY2018 at 29,400 m³. The increase was attributed to the acquisition 

of Sembawang Shopping Centre in FY2019 and also the full year water consumption at Wilkie Edge as Wilkie Edge was 

acquired during FY2018.

DORMITORY BUSINESS

There are several ongoing initiatives in place for water conservation, such as education on water-saving habits at the 

dormitory. Our dormitory Westlite Mandai has incurred a total water consumption of 381,100 m³ in FY2019. The water 

consumption remained relatively constant as compared to FY2018 at 363,500 m³.

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE MANAGEMENT

CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS

The ECM that are currently present at all of our construction project sites are designed by Qualified Earth Control Professional 

(“QECP”) as part of the requirements to prevent earth and silt from being discharged into public drains that could lead to 

water catchment areas. The ECM takes into consideration factors such as erosion control, sediment control and treatment. 

The QECP will monitor the capacity of the treatment equipment, storage tanks and implementation measures during the 

construction period. We will continue to ensure that the ECM are properly implemented at all constructions project sites. 

WATER DISCHARGE TREATMENT (GRI 306-1)

CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS

One of the ECM’s functions is to filter collected rainwater within the project site. The collected water containing mud and 

silt will be treated by the equipment through chemical filtering or membrane system filtering before being discharged into 

the common public drainage outside the development. We have installed Total Suspended Solids (“TSS”) web-based 

monitoring system at the water discharge points to ensure the TSS reading of treated water will not exceed 50 mg/l. The 

discharged water will be monitored by the TSS web-based monitoring system and the user will be alerted if the reading 

exceeds the requirement. Following which, corrective measures will have to be taken to address the issue. The treated 

water will then flow through the public drainage system into our catchment areas.

READY-MIX CONCRETE

For manufacturing of ready-mix concrete, the Group commits to continue to control and maintain the effluent discharge 

at 0 m3.




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

ENVIRONMENTAL

TOPICS

13

WASTE DISPOSAL (GRI 306-2)

CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS

Construction wastes from each project are collected by NEA-licensed waste collectors. Construction wastes collected 

by these operators are categorised and segregated accordingly at their respective yards before being transported to 

government landfills or incinerators. Materials such as wood and rubber are sent to recycling yards. In FY2019, construction 

waste collected for disposal totalled 2,700 tonnes, while the total amount of concrete waste collected was 3,600 tonnes. 

There was a significant improvement as compared to FY2018 as construction waste collected for disposal totalled 900 

tonnes, while the total amount of concrete waste collected was 3,000 tonnes. 

We currently recycle rebar waste by sending it to authorised scrap dealers who will in turn segregate and dispose it through 

the authorised agency. We only engaged certified and authorised contractors who will utilize proper channels of waste 

disposal. All rebar waste would be required to go through the sorting process to segregate items between those that can be 

recovered and those that can be recycled. In FY2019, we used a total of 63,400 tonnes of rebar, out of which 900 tonnes of 

waste were recycled. There is a slight improvement as compared to FY2018 where only 200 tonnes of waste out of 52,300 

tonnes were recycled. 

For United Tec Construction Pte Ltd, the construction waste collected for disposal totalled 80 tonnes. In addition, a total of 

13,600 tonnes of rebar were used. Among the 13,600 tonnes, 800 tonnes of waste were recycled in FY2019. 

We aim to increase our waste recycling efforts in the next financial year. 

READY-MIX CONCRETE

For the manufacturing of ready-mix concrete segment, production waste collected for disposal totalled 51,800 tonnes 

in FY2019. There was a slight increase as compared to FY2018 at 48,200 tonnes. The Group will continue working 

towards maintaining the production waste disposal at its current 0.08 tonnes/m3 of concrete by continuously reviewing and 

revaluating our current processes and procedures to further enhance our sustainability effort.




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD  

14

ENVIRONMENTAL

TOPICS

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE (GRI 307-1)

We are committed to reduce the environmental impacts of our activities. Similar to FY2018, we have complied accordingly 

to the laws and regulations in FY2019. Moving forward, we aim to ensure continual compliance with the relevant laws and 

regulations. 

NOISE MANAGEMENT

CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS

During the planning and design stage of the construction projects, Lian Beng will engage acoustic consultants to evaluate 

whether the expected noise to be generated during the construction site will exceed the noise limits stipulated by NEA. 

The acoustic consultants will conduct a Noise Impact Assessment (“NIA”), which incorporates the input gathered from 

Lian Beng on machineries and construction sequence, to calculate and forecast the noise that will be generated at the 

construction sites. 

Based on the results of the NIA, the acoustic consultants will recommend a Noise Management Plan (“NMP”) that will 

cover the entire period of the construction project. Our Project Manager will oversee and monitor noise control throughout 

the construction based on the NMP. 

The NMP caters for different phases of the construction project and provides appropriate noise mitigation/control measures 

for each construction activity. It also recommends noise mitigation measures for the machineries and equipment that will be 

utilised during the different phases of construction activities. To effectively control noise level of our construction activities, 

a continuous noise monitoring on-site is adopted and this can be accessed by both the contractor and NEA online.

To further enhance our noise management effectiveness, Lian Beng appoints designated staff for each project to 

manage complaints and establish feedback channels with surrounding residents via flyers and letters to inform them of 

our construction works. We have also raised project signboards for similar purposes, with contact numbers included for 

convenient access by residents nearby.

VECTOR MANAGEMENT

CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS

Vector control plans are currently implemented at every project site to prevent mosquito breeding so as to protect the 

construction site personnel and members of the public from mosquito-borne diseases. We will continue to make assurance 

that all of our construction site workers are well-educated and well-aware of the harmful effects of mosquito breeding. Lian 

Beng will also continue to cultivate good practices, conduct routine checks and engage pest control companies to carry out 

regular insecticide spraying to prevent any possible breeding of vectors. 




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

SOCIAL

TOPICS

15

OUR PEOPLE, OUR ASSETS

At Lian Beng, human capital remains an important asset as we continue our pursuit of excellence. We work towards 

creating an inclusive workplace environment, committed to mutual respect, fairness and equality for all our staff and 

workers. We provide opportunities for continuous learning and skills improvement for staff development. Our total staff 

count increased from around 800 employees in FY2018 to around 1,100 employees in FY2019. The increase in total staff 

count was due to the manpower requirement needed for the new projects. 

OUR EMPLOYEES BY GENDER AND AGE GROUP (GRI 401-1, 405-1)

0

5

10

15

20

25

30

35

































25.76%

34.69%

32.99%

27.98%

22.34%

19.85%

7.36%

6.24%

BELOW

30 YEARS OLD

30 TO LESS 

THAN 40 

YEARS OLD

40 TO LESS 

THAN 55 

YEARS OLD

AGE 55 &amp; 

ABOVE









FY2018

FY2019

0

1

2

3

4

5

6

































2.03%

1.89%

5.84%

5.67%

3.30%

3.40%

0.38%

0.28%

BELOW

30 YEARS OLD









FY2018

FY2019

30 TO LESS 

THAN 40 

YEARS OLD

40 TO LESS 

THAN 55 

YEARS OLD

AGE 55 &amp; 

ABOVE

STAFF HEADCOUNT – MALES

STAFF HEADCOUNT – FEMALES




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD  

16

SOCIAL

TOPICS

In FY2019, the average monthly recruitment rate was approximately 4.8% and the average monthly resignation rate was 

about 1.9%. With the increasing number of new hires, there is a gender diversity gap in the company. The majority of our 

employees are predominantly males and this is mainly due to the nature of the business. We will continue to work towards 

minimizing the gender diversity gap between male and female employees. 

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (GRI 401-2)

Lian Beng recognises the invaluable contribution and efforts by all of our employees. Apart from the statutory benefits 

outlined in the Employment Act, we have collaborated with various service providers to offer each of our employee a 

unique Lian Beng lifestyle card. With the lifestyle card, employees can enjoy discounts and/or extended benefits for their 

purchases. We aim to continue benchmarking our employee benefits against market practices to ensure that the benefits 

we offer our employees remains competitive.

Staff enjoy outpatient 

medical care at General 

Practitioner clinics with low 

co-payment amounts and 

medical insurance coverage

HEALTHCARE

Staff are covered under 

Personal Accident 

Insurance and Work Injury 

Insurance

DISABILITY  

AND INVALIDITY

COVERAGE

Dinner and Dance

Festive Celebrations

RECREATIONAL 

ACTIVITIES




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

SOCIAL

TOPICS

17

TRAINING AND CAREER DEVELOPMENT (GRI 404-1, 404-2, 404-3)

As of 31 May 2019, Lian Beng has a total staff headcount of 1,100 employees. Attracting and retaining talent is key to our 

continued success. Therefore, we aim to develop all our employees to their fullest potential to drive business excellence, 

by conducting various in-house and external trainings for our employees, as well as career development opportunities to 

raise overall skillset and productivity.

We provide our employees with competitive and fair remuneration to reward them for their good performance. Annual 

performance appraisals are conducted for our employees and the compensation packages are benchmarked against the 

market rate. We will continue to make the appropriate investment in our employees to keep them abreast with the current 

technology and knowledge to improve overall productivity and efficiency.

In FY2019, we have also managed to achieve the target we set in FY2018, by providing an average of 8 hours training per 

employee. The achievement of meeting our target also signifies that we have successfully increased the average training 

hours from 7 hours in FY2018 to 8 hours in FY2019. 

Total hours of staff training in FY2019

8,500

HOURS

Average hours of training per employee in FY2019

8

HOURS

(approximately)

Moving forward, we aim to maintain the average training hours of 8 hours per employee. 




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD  

18

SOCIAL

TOPICS

GIVING BACK TO OUR COMMUNITY (GRI 413-1)

Lian Beng strongly believes in being a good responsible corporate citizen. Continuing on to last year’s successful corporate 

social responsibility efforts, Lian Beng aims to contribute to a charitable cause at least once every quarter. We have been 

working with non-profit organisations to give back to the community and will continue to do so in the next financial year.

In FY2019, we sponsored dinners for the elderly, participated in SGX Bull Charge Charity Run 2018 and made donations 

to several charity organisations. 

Similar to FY2018, we organised the “I-Shop-You-Pay” event in collaboration with TOUCH Community Services. During 

the half-day event, we brought elderly in wheelchairs for a morning stroll, breakfast and grocery shopping. In addition, we 

have also made donations to several charity organisations. 

Beyond Singapore, we have set aside annual funds to support other international non-profit organisations. Since 2014, 

we have been sponsoring and helping to build homes in remote parts of Cambodia. Through the house-building project in 

Cambodia, we hope to improve the well-being of the community and help those in need. 

VISION TOWARDS AN ACCIDENT-FREE WORK CULTURE (GRI 403-1)

At Lian Beng, we have implemented comprehensive Workplace Health and Safety Policy to ensure workplace safety. The 

Workplace Health and Safety Committee, led by the Project Director, provides oversight of all workplace health and safety 

practices within the organisation.

The Group makes use of technologies that are readily available to ensure work safety is monitored on a real-time basis. 

For example, workers are encouraged to report any deviations from best practices at the construction sites for such lapses 

to be rectified immediately.

INJURY AND INCIDENTS (GRI 403-2)

In FY2019, the Group has one fatality which has resulted in sixty stop-work days as compared to nil fatality and zero stop-

work day in FY2018. Accident frequency rate was 3.5% in FY2019 as compared to 3.1% in FY2018.

 

The Group has conducted internal investigation, revised the project health and safety risk assessment and enhanced the 

safety work procedures following the one fatality in FY2019. The Group will continue to work towards making improvements 

in our efforts and initiatives to aim for zero fatality and reduce the number of reported injuries in the following years.




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

SOCIAL

TOPICS

19

EXTERNAL INITIATIVES ADOPTED (GRI 102-12)

TYPE OF INITIATIVES

DESCRIPTION

Workplace Safety &amp; Health Environment (“WSHE”) 

Promotion Day

Conducted WSHE Quiz and talks by in-house trainers and 

external WSHE trainers who are MOM Approved Training 

Practitioners

Conducted video sessions using materials from Singapore 

Police Force and NEA for all sites related security and 

WSHE’s matters especially existing regulations, guidelines 

and governance under existing authorities

Workplace Safety &amp; Health Management System 

(“WSHMS”)

Routinely audited by external independent consultants and 

internal audit teams

SS506 Singapore Standard for Occupational Safety and 

Health Management System, OHSAS 18001 and ISO 

14001

Lian Beng is certified to be compliant with the SS506 

Singapore Standard for Occupational Safety and Health 

Management System, OHSAS 18001 and ISO 14001

Project Internal Safety Audit (“PISA”) and Corporate 

Internal Safety Audit (“CISA”)

Conduct regular site safety audit. The desired outcome 

of PISA and CISA is to provide a safer workplace that 

complies with WSH regulations and standards

bizSAFE

As a bizSAFE Partner, Lian Beng proactively encourages our 

contractors to progress through the bizSAFE programme’s 

levels. We are currently working to assist all subcontractors 

in achieving bizSAFE Star (level 5) requirements

Daily toolbox meetings, weekly WSH coordination 

meetings, WSH committee meetings and corporate WSH 

meetings

Objectives of the meetings are to provide oversight on WSH 

procedures to ensure that instances of non-compliance 

are identified immediately and preventive actions are 

formulated to prevent recurrence




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD  

SOCIAL

TOPICS

FINES OR PENALTIES (GRI 416-2, 419-1)

No significant fine was incurred in FY2019. Moving forward, we aim to not incur any significant fines or non-monetary 

sanctions for non-compliance with the laws and regulations.

MANAGING OUR SUPPLIERS (GRI 308-1, 308-2, 414-1, 414-2)

The Group has implemented steps to ensure the suppliers and subcontractors are informed of their environmental 

responsibilities and able to meet the standards expected by the Group. This is in addition to the steps they are required to 

take to comply with ISO certifications. 

The review and selection of suppliers and subcontractors process including environmental and social criteria. They 

are required to complete a self-assessment questionnaire where they are required to provide their health, safety and 

environmental policies and procedures in place for their employees. This questionnaire will be provided during the quotation 

and tendering process. 

During FY2019, we assessed 100% of our construction suppliers and 95% of our engineering service suppliers. Moving 

forward, we will work towards ensuring that 100% of our suppliers are assessed. 

20

Site staff meeting to conduct inspection and corrective action 

upon notification of non-compliance by authorities

Implement preventive measures and staff are assigned  

with responsibilities to heighten accountability

Strengthen monitoring framework

Mass toolbox meeting to remind all site staff and subcontractors of 

importance of practising good safety and housekeeping, and addressing  

environmental aspects of the site and that it is the duty and responsibility 

of all subcontractors to supply manpower for housekeeping and maintenance




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

SOCIAL

TOPICS

21

CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY (GRI 416-1)

INVESTMENT HOLDINGS

The Group assesses all buildings structure for health and safety impacts. We monitor our working environment to minimise 

risk and, when necessary, the Group would implement improvement measures to address any potential risks to our 

residents and tenants.

We aim to have zero incident of non-compliance with regulations and voluntary codes relating to the health and safety 

impacts of products and services in the next financial year.  

DORMITORY BUSINESS

Lian Beng’s dormitory Westlite Mandai houses myriad facilities and amenities such as supermarkets, food courts, basketball 

and street soccer courts, cricket training pitches and sick bays. 

The dormitory partners with HealthServe, a non-governmental organisation committed to helping foreign workers by 

making healthcare accessible to them. HealthServe’s community medical and dental clinics at the dormitory operates 

every Saturday/Sunday evening and offer general practitioner and dental services, as well as provide free annual medical 

screenings to our residents. 

Residents’ social well-being is a priority at the dormitory. Recreational trips were organised for residents to visit Malaysia 

and tourist attraction in Singapore. Annual Westlite Days which include variety shows, songs, dance and professional 

performances, are organised to cater to different cultural profiles of residents. Sports activities are regularly organised, 

such as inter-dormitory street soccer and volleyball competitions, where Westlite Mandai emerged champion in the street 

soccer tournament. 

PROTECTING CUSTOMER PRIVACY AND DATA (GRI 418-1)

Lian Beng protects the privacy and confidentiality of the personal data of our employees, customers and business partners. 

We have a Personal Data Protection Act (“PDPA”) policy that outlines how we manage the personal data we hold in 

compliance with the PDPA. The policy applies to all divisions and organisations across the Lian Beng group of companies.

Lian Beng seeks customer consent prior to the data collection, use or disclosure of personal data for the given purpose.

Lian Beng has appointed a Data Protection Officer to oversee our management of personal data in accordance with the 

PDPA. We have implemented the following measures to secure and protect the information held:

• 

Training our employees who handle personal data to respect the confidentiality of such personal data; 

• 

Storing personal data in a combination of secured computer storage facilities, paper-based files and other records; and

• 

Taking steps to protect the personal data we hold from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.

Similar to FY2018, there were no non-compliance with PDPA reported in FY2019. We aim to maintain zero incidents of 

non-compliance in the next financial year.   




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD  

GRI STANDARDS 

CONTENT INDEX  

22

GRI Standards 

Disclosure Content 

Section Reference 

GRI 102: General Disclosures

102-1

Name of the organisation

Lian Beng Group Ltd 

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

Sustainability Report (SR)

Corporate Profile (Page 4)

102-3

Location of headquarters

SR Corporate Profile (Page 4)

102-4

Location of operations

SR Corporate Profile (Page 4)

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Annual Report (AR) 2019 (Page 51)

102-6

Markets served

AR 2019 Operations Review (Page 17-22)

102-7

Scale of the organisation

AR 2019

Chairman’s Statement (Page 2-6)

Operations Review  (Page 17-22)

102-8

Information on employees and other 

workers

AR 2019 

Our People, Our Assets (Page 23)

102-9

Supply chain

SR Corporate Profile (Page 4)

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation 

and its supply chain

SR Corporate Profile (Page 4)

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

Lian Beng supports the intent of the Precautionary 

Principle, but has not expressed a specific 

commitment

102-12

External initiatives

SR External Initiatives Adopted (Page 19)

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

AR 2019 Chairman’s Statement (Page 2-6)

102-15

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

AR 2019 Chairman’s Statement (Page 2-6)

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms 

of behaviour

AR 2019 Mission Statement (Page 1)

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns 

about ethics

AR 2019 Mission Statement (Page 1)

102-18

Governance structure 

AR 2019 Corporate Governance (Page 25-40)

102-40

List of stakeholder groups 

SR Stakeholder Engagement (Page 5)

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR Stakeholder Engagement (Page 5)

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

SR Stakeholder Engagement (Page 5)

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

SR Stakeholder Engagement (Page 5)

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries 

SR Stakeholder Engagement (Page 5)




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

GRI STANDARDS 

CONTENT INDEX 

23

GRI Standards 

Disclosure Content 

Section Reference 

GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts 

203-2

Significant indirect economic impacts

SR Innovation and Excellence (Page 8)

GRI 205: Anti-Corruption

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption

SR Anti-corruption (Page 8)

205-2

Communication and training on anti-

corruption policies and procedures

SR Anti-corruption (Page 8)

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and 

actions taken

SR Anti-corruption (Page 8)

GRI 301: Materials

301-2

Recycled input materials used

SR Input Materials (Page 10)

GRI 302: Energy 

302-1

Energy consumption within the 

organisation

SR Energy and Emissions Management 

(Page 10-11)

302-4

Reduction of energy consumption

SR Energy and Emissions Management 

(Page 10-11)

302-5

Reductions in energy requirements of 

products and services

SR Energy and Emissions Management 

(Page 10-11)

GRI 303: Water and Effluents

303-1

Water withdrawal by source

SR Water Management (Page 11-12)

303-3

Water recycled and reused

SR Water Management (Page 11-12)

GRI 305: Emissions 

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

SR Energy and Emissions Management 

(Page 10-11)

305-2

Energy Indirect Greenhouse Gas 

Emissions (Scope 2)

SR Energy and Emissions Management 

(Page 10-11)

305-5

Reductions in Greenhouse Gas 

Emissions

SR Energy and Emissions Management 

(Page 10-11)

GRI 306: Effluents and Waste 

306-1

Total water discharged by quality and 

destination

SR Water Discharge Treatment (Page 12)

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

SR Waste Disposal (Page 13)




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD  

GRI STANDARDS 

CONTENT INDEX  

24

GRI Standards 

Disclosure Content 

Section Reference 

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations

SR Environmental Compliance (Page 14)

GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment

308-1

New suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria

SR Managing Our Suppliers (Page 20)

308-2

Negative environmental impacts in the 

supply chain and actions taken

SR Managing Our Suppliers (Page 20)

GRI 401: Employment

401-1 

New employee hires and employee 

turnover

SR Our People, Our Assets (Page 15-16)

401-2

Benefits provided to full time employees 

that are not provided to temporary or 

part-time employees

SR Our People, Our Assets (Page 16-17)

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety

403-1

Formal joint management-worker health 

and safety committee

SR Vision towards an Accident-free Work Culture 

(Page 18)

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, 

absenteeism, and number of work-

related fatalities

SR Injury and Incidents (Page 18)

GRI 404: Training and Education

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per 

employee

SR Training and Career Development (Page 17)

404-2 

Programmes for upgrading employee 

skills and transition assistance 

programmes

SR Training and Career Development (Page 17)

404-3

Percentage of employees receiving 

regular performance and career 

development reviews

SR Training and Career Development (Page 17)

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees

i) SR Diversity of Governance Bodies (Page 7)

ii) SR Our People, Our Assets (Page 15)

GRI 413: Local Communities

413-1 

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, and 

development programmes

SR Giving Back to Our Community (Page 18)

GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment 

414-1

New suppliers that were screened using 

social criteria

SR Managing Our Suppliers (Page 20)

414-2

Negative social impacts in the supply 

chain and actions taken

SR Managing Our Suppliers (Page 20)




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

GRI STANDARDS 

CONTENT INDEX 

25

GRI Standards 

Disclosure Content 

Section Reference 

GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety

416-1

Assessment of the health and safety 

impacts of product and service 

categories

SR Customer Health and Safety (Page 21)

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

the health and safety impacts of 

products and services

SR Fines or Penalties (Page 20)

GRI 418: Customer Privacy

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning 

breaches of customer privacy and 

customer data loss

SR Protecting Customer Privacy and Data 

(Page 21)

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and economic 

area

SR Fines or Penalties (Page 20)






































































































































































































































LIAN BENG GROUP LTD

29 Harrison Road, Lian Beng Building ,Singapore 369648

Tel: +65 6283 1468 • Fax: +65 6280 9360

Email: lbg@lianbeng.sg

www.lianbeng.com.sg

