



TABLE OF CONTENT

04 BOARD STATEMENT 

06  CORPORATE PROFILE

08 SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

10 GOVERNANCE TOPICS

11 ECONOMIC TOPICS

13 ENVIRONMENTAL TOPICS

22 SOCIAL TOPICS

31 GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX




SUSTAINABILITY PHILOSOPHY

To achieve long-term business sustainability and viability as 

a responsible, global corporate citizen


4



BOARD STATEMENT

We are pleased to present Lian Beng Group Ltd (“Lian Beng” or “the “Company”, together with its 

subsidiaries, the “Group”) annual Sustainability Report for our financial year ended 31 May 2020 

(“FY2020”).

The Board of Directors (“Board”) and the key management team are directly involved in identifying the 

Group’s Economic, Environmental, Social and Governance (“EESG”) factors, planning and strategising 

the sustainability initiatives to minimise EESG risks. 

The Sustainability Reporting Task Force, comprising senior management executives from key functions 

and business units, plan, implement and review the sustainability initiatives and assists the Board to:

i) 

Establish the framework for data collection, monitoring and reporting; 

ii) 

Identify the stakeholder concerns and expectation through consultation and cooperation  

 

between management, employees and stakeholders;

iii) 

Identify potential EESG risks and opportunities arising from the business activities.

The availability of EESG data enables sustainability reporting to gain a greater significance to investors. 

Apart from being an image-building exercise, it is widely recognised that good EESG practices do 

contribute to the overall long-term success of the Company, and play an important part in the 

competition for talent and investment. 

In defining our reporting content, we applied the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”)’s principles by 

considering the Group’s activities, impact and substantive expectations and interests of its stakeholders. 

We observed a total of four principles, namely materiality, stakeholder inclusiveness, sustainability 

index and completeness. For reporting quality, we observed the principles of balance, comparability, 

accuracy, timeliness, clarity and reliability. 

The EESG data and information provided in this report have not been verified by an independent 

third-party and were derived from internal data monitoring and verification to ensure its accuracy. 




5



BOARD STATEMENT

Reporting Period and Scope

Reporting Framework

Feedback and Access

This report is set out on a “comply or explain” basis in accordance with Practice Note 7.6 of the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Ltd. (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual on Continuing Listing Obligations.

Corresponding to GRI’s emphasis on materiality, this report highlights the key EESG related initiatives 

that were carried out throughout a 12-month period, from 1 June 2019 to 31 May 2020.

 

In this report, we will be covering all business segments and subsidiaries with the exception of our 

property development segment. For property development segment, please refer to SLB Development 

Ltd (“SLB”)’s Sustainability Report FY2020.

This Sustainability Report has been prepared with reference to the Core Option of the GRI Standards. 

GRI Standards is an internationally recognised sustainability reporting framework and covers a 

comprehensive range of sustainability disclosures to measure, understand and communicate their 

critical sustainability issues on environmental, economic and social impacts to stakeholders. 

We welcome feedback from all our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this will 

enable us to improve our policies, practices and performance. You may email us your comments 

and suggestions at lbg@lianbeng.sg.

As part of our efforts to promote environmental conservation, no hard copies of this Sustainability 

Report FY2020 have been printed. The Sustainability Report FY2020 is available for download at SGX 

website or our company website at www.lianbeng.com.sg.




6

CORPORATE PROFILE

Established in 1973, Lian Beng Group Ltd is one of Singapore’s major home-grown construction 

groups and provides one-stop business solutions with integrated civil engineering and construction 

support service capabilities. The Group was listed on the mainboard of the SGX-ST in 1999. 

The Group is principally involved in 3 business segments:

a) 

Construction

b) 

Investment Holdings and Dormitory Business

 

i) 

Investment Holdings

 

ii) 

Dormitory Business

 

 

The Group currently owns 55% of a dormitory, Westlite Mandai. 

c) 

Property Development

The Group is principally involved in the construction of residential, industrial and commercial 

projects, and civil engineering projects as a main contractor. As a Building and Construction 

Authority (“BCA”) Grade A1 contractor in General Building, Lian Beng is able to tender for public 

sector building projects of unlimited contract value, while its A2 grading in Civil Engineering 

allows it to tender for engineering projects of up to $85 million in contract value.

The construction business includes other construction-related activities, such as manufacturing 

of ready-mix concrete, engineering and leasing of construction machinery, and processing 

of fabricated reinforcement bars, which supports the construction projects of the Group 

and other third parties. 

The property development of Lian Beng Group is undertaken by its subsidiary company, 

SLB, which was listed on Catalist Board of SGX-ST in 2018. SLB is a diversified property 

developer with extensive experience and track record across the residential, mixed-use as 

well as industrial and commercial sectors and property development projects ranging from 

small to large scale. 

In FY2020, after receiving approval from its shareholders for business diversification into 

fund management business, SLB has established partnerships with experienced industry 

veterans, which aims to actively pursue investment opportunities in real estate funds and 

various segments of the real estate value chain.  

The Group owns a diverse property portfolio comprising commercial, industrial and 

residential properties in Singapore, as well as a portfolio of investment securities.


7

CORPORATE PROFILE

The Group has won a number of awards and accolades for our excellence in general construction 

practices. In FY2020, we have also been presented with a ROSPA GOLD Award 2019 for Occupational 

Health and Safety (an award that we have been receiving for many years) as well as the bizSAFE Star 

and bizSAFE Partner certifications awarded by the Workplace Safety and Health (“WSH”) Council in 

Singapore. Other notable awards include:

• 

BCA Green Mark Award for Buildings (Gold Plus), 2019

• 

BCA Green Mark Award for Buildings (Platinum), 2018

• 

BCA Construction Excellence Award (Merit), 2018

• 

BCA Quality Excellence Award Quality Champion (Platinum), 2017 

• 

BCA Building Information Modelling (BIM) Award Organisation (Gold), 2017 

• 

International Construction Award by the Global Trade Leaders’ Club, headquartered in   

 

Madrid, Spain

• 

Green and Gracious Builders (Excellent).

The construction segment has also received ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 certifications for 

our environmental and quality practices. 

Lian Beng is a member in the following associations:

• 

The Singapore Contractors Association

• 

Singapore Business Federation

• 

Singapore Institute of Directors

• 

Singapore National Employers Federation



Awards and Achievements

Membership of Associations


8



SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and the 

material factors relevant to our business. Stakeholders are groups of people who have a material 

impact on our business or may be materially impacted by our business. These key stakeholders 

include internal stakeholders such as employees and external stakeholders such as subcontractors, 

suppliers, customers and regulators. We engage our stakeholders through various channels to 

understand their concerns and expectations and incorporate these into our corporate strategies 

to achieve mutually beneficial relationship.

The table below sets out our engagement with our stakeholders:

Stakeholder Engagement






9



SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

Materiality Assessment

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant EESG factors. Such factors are 

then prioritised and validated through our stakeholder engagement questionnaires conducted 

every three years.  The result of this process will determine the list of material EESG factors which 

are disclosed in this Sustainability Report. 

During the years when questionnaires are not conducted, we review the material factors to ascertain 

if they are still relevant.  In FY2020, the Group has conducted a materiality assessment questionnaire 

by gathering inputs from our stakeholders. 

We engaged our employees, subcontractors, suppliers and customers, seeking their feedback for 

prioritisation of each EESG factors through the questionnaires distributed. In order to determine a 

material factor, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, environment and society and its 

influence on the stakeholders. 

Along with GRI framework and stakeholders’ input, we have identified the following material factors. 

Arising from the stakeholders’ feedback, we have added one new economic factor, Economic 

Performance, in this year’s report. 




10

GOVERNANCE TOPICS

Lian Beng’s Board and Management are committed to maintain a high standard of corporate 

governance to ensure greater transparency and to protect the interests of the shareholders. 

The Company has put in place various policies and practices that will safeguard the interest of 

shareholders and enhance shareholders’ value as part of its effort to maintain high standards of 

corporate governance. 

We believe that our constant drive for corporate excellence will allow us to establish a more transparent 

and accountable system, thereby increasing the value of the Group and its value to our shareholders. 

Please refer to page 27 of FY2020 Annual Report for details of the Group’s Corporate Governance 

Report. We will continue to comply with the Code of Corporate Governance and meet the requirements 

that are expected of us by our stakeholders substantially. 

The Board believes in diversity and values the benefits diversity can bring to the Board in its 

deliberations. With the female-to-male ratio of 2:5 on the Board, we believe our Board’s gender 

diversity will further enhance the Board’s decision-making capability and ensure that the Group has 

the opportunity to benefit from all available talent and perspectives. 

We have achieved the target we set last year. Moving forward, the Board intends to maintain its 

current diversity of female-to-male ratio.

Diversity of Governance Bodies




11

Economic Performance

Innovation and Excellence

ECONOMICS TOPICS

The Group’s financial performance are discussed in detail in the FY2020 Annual Report, please refer 

to the following sections in our FY2020 Annual Report: 

• 

Chairman’s statement, page 2 to 7

• 

Financial Highlights, page 16 to 17 

• 

Operations Review, page 19 to 24

• 

Financial Statements, page 74 to 187

The COVID-19 pandemic has generated unprecedented operational challenges to the Group. Lian 

Beng has established a Business Continuity Task Force, to plan and to take immediate actions to 

address the evolving challenges. The Task Force follow up closely with the rules and regulations 

implemented by the Singapore government, plan reactive measure to minimise the business 

disruption and support the recovery efforts.

The Group has made investments in technologies such as telescopic handler, automatic wheel washer 

and biometric systems to increase our productivity on-site and save manpower on menial tasks. 

We also incorporated the use of Prefabricated Prefinished Volumetric Construction (“PPVC”) and 

Prefabricated Bathroom Units (“PBU”), as part of the Design for Manufacturing &amp; Assembly (“DfMA”). 

DfMA is a relatively new approach in the construction industry whereby more work is brought off-

site, manpower and time needed to construct buildings are reduced while ensuring work sites are 

safe, conducive and have minimal impact on the surrounding living environment of the project sites. 

With the bulk of the installation activities and manpower moved off-site to factory-controlled 

environment, the use of PPVC and PBU reduce dust and noise pollution at the project sites while 

achieving productivity improvement and worksite safety. We have also automated the rebar fabrication 

processes to increase efficiency and accuracy for use in construction projects. This has helped to 

reduce the level of wastage in the rebar fabrication process.

We have achieved the target we set last year and the Group will continue to invest in innovation 

and productivity improvements in relation to our operational processes. We will constantly be on a 

lookout for new innovative technologies and methods to increase productivity. 


12



ECONOMICS TOPICS

Lian Beng has a zero-tolerance policy against any form of corruption. The Group has an established 

Code of Conduct that sets out the principles of business ethics and conduct and covers significant 

areas including appropriate business conduct and ethics, safeguarding of confidential information 

and prohibition on insider trading, anti-bribery, corruption and fraud measures, conflicts of interest 

and non-competition. 

Whistleblowing policy has been put in place, where it provides an avenue for employees and external 

parties to raise concerns in confidence about possible improper financial reporting or other matters 

to the Chairman of the Audit Committee via email at whistleblowing@lianbenggroup.com.sg. 

Independent investigations and follow-up actions will be taken to correct the weaknesses in internal 

controls and policies that may allow the perpetration of fraud or misconduct or both and to prevent 

a similar incident from repeating itself. Administrative, disciplinary, civil or criminal actions or any 

combinations of these will be taken following the completion of independent investigations. 

Similar to FY2019, there were no incidents of corruption in FY2020 and we have achieved the target 

we set last year. We will continue to aim for a corruption-free organisation in FY2021.

Anti-Corruption




13



ENVIRONMENTAL TOPICS 

We believe in protecting the environment for the sake of our future generations. Lian Beng is a 

committed and environmentally responsible partner in the communities we operate in to ensure a 

safe, efficient and environmentally conscious operating environment. The Group believes in building 

a practical ‘green’ future by minimising the adverse impact on the environment associated with our 

construction activities.

Lian Beng’s risk and sustainability-based strategies are geared to assess, avoid, reduce and mitigate 

environmental risks and negative impacts. Our Environmental Policy and Guideline (“EPG”) provides the 

overall framework to ensure that natural resources are efficiently used throughout the conservation 

of energy and water, and minimise the waste by reducing, reusing and recycling where possible. The 

EPG applies to all the Group’s business segments. 

We are also a proponent of the Green and Gracious Builder Scheme (“GGBS”) initiated by BCA. 

The GGBS Scheme was introduced to raise the environmental consciousness of builders, promote 

environmental protection and gracious practices during the construction period. The adoption of 

the GGBS by the Group has raised the level of environmental consciousness among the project 

team and also helps to align all entities within the Group towards the discharge of our environmental 

responsibilities. 

In the construction industry, energy, water, material consumption and waste disposal are dependent 

on the volume and different stages of the construction activities. In FY2020, there were nine 

on-going construction projects as compared to eight in FY2019. Due to the increase in the number 

of construction projects and the progress of the construction, the energy, water and material 

consumption and waste disposal in FY2020 were higher than in FY2019. 

However, the overall energy, water, material consumption and waste disposal in FY2020 was offset 

by the Circuit Breaker measure implemented by the Singapore government in April 2020 to contain 

the outbreak of COVID-19 which resulted in work suspension at most of our project sites.




14

ENVIRONMENTAL TOPICS 

Lian Beng works closely with its staff, workers and subcontractors to ensure comprehensive 

management of environmental impact at all its construction sites.

Construction

Input Materials

READY-MIX CONCRETE

Complementing our efforts to encourage the use of environmentally friendly materials, we have 

introduced use of green materials in our ready-mix concrete. In FY2020, green materials make up 

an average of 7% and 9% of the ready-mix concrete produced at our Punggol Plant and Tuas Plant 

respectively [FY2019: 7% (Punggol Plant), 11% (Tuas Plant)].

We have not achieved the target we set last year, mainly due to higher percentage of public projects 

in FY2020 of which materials were supplied by the customers. We will strive to continue increasing 

the percentage to 10% for both Punggol Plant and Tuas Plant in FY2021 to develop a concrete mix 

with lower carbon footprint. 




15

ENVIRONMENTAL TOPICS 

Energy and Emissions Management

We are committed to working closely with our stakeholders to manage our carbon footprint. Improving 

energy efficiency by managing carbon emissions is one of the crucial elements in addressing climate 

change. Therefore, we will continue to minimise energy consumption by constructing well-designed 

projects that will aid in reducing gas emissions. Energy and emissions intensity ratios are calculated 

for the Group to better assess emissions efficiency. In FY2020, we have achieved our target and 

most of the consumption has decreased as compared to FY2019. For all relevant business units, we 

aim to maintain the current energy consumption for the next financial year.

CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS

Lian Beng is certified as a Green and Gracious Builder (Excellent). Environmentally friendly initiatives 

are incorporated into building designs and implemented during the construction period. All projects 

undertaken by Lian Beng have been Green Mark Certified. Martin Modern was certified “Gold Plus” 

and Defu Industrial City was certified “Platinum” for efforts in environmental protection. 

There were nine ongoing projects in FY2020, where energy consumption totalled 8,089,200 kWh and 

CO2 emissions were 5,719,400 kg. With construction projects having a combined GFA of 768,617 m2, 

the total energy and emission intensity ratios were 10.52 kWh/m² and 7.44 kg/m² respectively. There 

was an increase of 1,312,500 kWh in FY2020 total energy consumption as compared to FY2019 of 

6,776,700 kWh. The significant increase in energy consumption was attributed to having some of 

the projects entering the next construction phase, which required more energy as compared to the 

initial phase, as well as new projects commenced in FY2020. 

The Group also has a rebar division that processes fabricated reinforcement bars and supports 

construction projects of the Group as well as third parties. The rebar division has consumed a 

total energy of 151,300 kWh and CO2 emissions of 107,000 kg. With the energy consumption, the 

production is 0.17 Mt/kWh.

We strive to reduce total energy use on-site by introducing energy-saving equipment, including solar 

panels, to power equipment such as noise meters, and earth control measures. Energy-saving air 

conditioning units and motion sensors were also installed in less frequently used areas to further 

conserve energy. In FY2020, we have successfully conserved a total of 162,300 kWh of energy, which 

is equivalent to 114,800 kg in CO2 emissions as compared to 149,300 kWh of energy and 105,600 

kg in CO2 emissions in FY2019. 


16



READY-MIX CONCRETE

For the manufacturing of ready-mix plants, we are committed to reduce energy consumption through 

process improvement by using resources and equipment to optimise energy usage. Our energy 

consumption for ready-mix concrete was 2,400,100 kWh and an average of energy consumption 

per cubic meter of concrete of 4 kWh/m3 in FY2020. 

There was a 10% decrease in energy consumption as compared to FY2019 where our energy 

consumption was 2,672,300 kWh and an average of energy consumption per cubic meter of concrete 

of 4 kWh/m3. The significant decrease in energy consumption was mainly due to the Circuit Breaker 

measure implemented by the Singapore government in April 2020 to contain the outbreak of COVID-

19 which resulted in no production activities in the last two months of FY2020. 

INVESTMENT HOLDINGS

The total energy consumption for the investment holdings amounted to 13,268,500 kWh and the 

corresponding CO2 emissions were 9,381,400 kg in FY2020. There was 5% decrease as compared 

to the energy consumption and CO2 emissions in FY2019 at 13,915,800 kWh and 9,840,600 kg in 

CO2 emissions. 

The decrease in energy consumption was mainly due to lower energy consumption in the months 

of April and May during the closure of premises in accordance with the Circuit Breaker measures 

implemented by the Singapore government in April 2020 and replacement of lightings to LED 

lightings in the common areas for Sembawang Shopping Centre as well as Broadway Plaza during 

the financial year. 

ENVIRONMENTAL TOPICS 

DORMITORY BUSINESS

For our dormitory Westlite Mandai, we have implemented several energy-saving initiatives to 

reduce energy consumption hence we have achieved some energy savings. In FY2020, total energy 

consumption for the dormitory was 3,563,400 kWh and the corresponding CO2 emissions was 

2,519,500 kg, which was relatively constant as compared to the consumption in FY2019 at 3,512,300 

kWh and CO2 emissions of 2,483,700 kg respectively. 




17



ENVIRONMENTAL TOPICS 

Water is a scarce resource in Singapore and it is an important resource that we have to conserve. 

Our water conservation measures include collecting rainwater to reduce the demand for fresh water, 

as well as reusing and recycling water across our businesses. 

In FY2020, we have not achieved the target we set last year and noted an increase in our consumption 

mainly due to the increase in number of construction projects and some projects entering the 

next construction phase which have increased the water usage. The Group remains committed 

in continuing our water conservation efforts and make improvements to our water-reclaiming 

processes. For all relevant business units, we will strive to maintain the current water consumption 

for the next financial year.

CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS

Earth Control Measures (“ECM”) are implemented across all of our construction sites. In FY2020, 

approximately 15% (89,041 m³) [FY2019: 15% (43,311 m³)] of ECM-collected treated water are reused 

as a secondary source by construction projects for general purposes such as vehicle washing, 

watering of access pathways as well as washing of workers’ toilets. This practice has allowed us to 

maximise the use of rainwater collected. In addition, the use of pre-cast concrete has significantly 

reduced the need of using the on-site water.

Targets for water usage are set and water meters are also installed to track water usage at all project 

sites. In FY2020, the nine construction projects have utilised a total of 216,300 m³ of water against 

the GFA of 768,617m2. There was a significant increase of 160,200 m³ in FY2020 water consumption 

as compared to FY2019 at 56,100 m³ against the GFA of 623,340 m2. The significant increase in water 

consumption corresponded to some projects entering the next construction phase, which required 

more water as compared to the initial phase, as well as new projects commenced in FY2020.

Water Management

READY-MIX CONCRETE

In FY2020, 136,700 m³ of water was consumed in the manufacturing of ready-mix concrete. There 

was an increase in water consumption as compared to FY2019 at 121,800 m³. The increase of 

water consumption was mainly due to the billing cycle of service provider which was billed based 

on estimated usage of previous months even though there were no production activities in the last 

two month of FY2020. Excluding the two months, the water usage was similar to FY2019. 


18

INVESTMENT HOLDINGS

In FY2020, water consumption for the investment holdings amounted to a total of 112,100 m³. There 

was a significant increase as compared to the water consumption in FY2019 at 84,400 m³. The increase 

was mainly attributed to increase in shopper traffic and enhanced cleaning and maintenance routines

in Sembawang Shopping Centre in FY2020. 

DORMITORY BUSINESS

There are several ongoing initiatives in place for water conservation, such as education on water-saving 

habits at the dormitories. Our dormitory Westlite Mandai has incurred a total water consumption of 

390,400 m³ in FY2020. The water consumption remained relatively constant as compared to FY2019 

at 381,100 m³.

ENVIRONMENTAL TOPICS 

Effluents and Waste Management

CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS

Silt and sediment control is a key element in our water resources management strategy. As a measure 

to preserve the quality of water, ECM is implemented across all of our construction sites. The ECM 

that is currently implemented at all of our construction project sites is designed by Qualified Earth 

Control Professional (“QECP”) as part of the requirements to prevent earth and silt from being 

discharged into public drains that could lead to water catchment areas. 

The ECM takes into consideration factors such as erosion control, sediment control and treatment. 

The QECP will monitor the capacity of the treatment equipment, storage tanks and implementation 

measures during the construction period. We have achieved the target we set last year and we will 

continue to ensure that the ECM is properly implemented at all construction project sites in FY2021.




19

ENVIRONMENTAL TOPICS 

Water Discharge Treatment

CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS

One of the ECM’s functions is to filter collected rainwater within the project site. The collected water 

containing mud and silt will be treated by the equipment through chemical filtering or membrane 

system filtering before being discharged into the common public drainage outside the development. 

We have installed Total Suspended Solids (“TSS”) web-based monitoring system at the water discharge 

points to ensure the TSS reading of treated water will not exceed 50 mg/l. The discharged water will 

be monitored by the TSS web-based monitoring system and the user will be alerted if the reading 

exceeds the requirement. Following this, corrective measures will have to be taken to address the 

issue. The treated water will then flow through the public drainage system into our catchment areas.

We have achieved our target of TSS reading of treated water not exceeding 50 mg/l. We will continue 

to monitor and ensure that the TSS reading of treated water does not exceed 50 mg/l. 

READY-MIX CONCRETE

For manufacturing of ready-mix concrete, we have achieved the target of maintaining effluent discharge 

at 0 m3. The Group commits to continue to control and maintain the effluent discharge at 0 m3.




20



ENVIRONMENTAL TOPICS 

CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS

Construction wastes from each project are collected by NEA-licensed waste collectors. Construction 

wastes collected by these operators are categorised and segregated accordingly at their respective 

yards before being transported to government landfills or incinerators. Materials such as wood and 

rubber are sent to recycling yards. In FY2020, we have observed a significant increase in construction 

waste collected for disposal totalled 11,800 tonnes (FY2019: 2,700 tonnes). This was mainly due 

to some projects were at its peak of construction phase and some projects were entering into 

completion phase where project sites were cleaned up, and hence more construction waste were 

collected.

However, there was a decrease in the total amount of concrete waste collected of 1,200 tonnes 

(FY2019: 3,600 tonnes). This was due to some projects were in completion phase, there was less 

structural concrete work performed, contributing to less concrete waste.  

We currently recycle rebar waste by sending it to authorised scrap dealers who will in turn segregate 

and dispose of through the authorised agency. We only engaged certified and authorised contractors 

who will utilise proper channels of waste disposal. All rebar waste would be required to go through 

the sorting process to segregate items between those that can be recovered and those that can 

be recycled. 

In FY2020, we used a total of 81,100 tonnes of rebar, out of which 470 tonnes of waste were recycled. 

This is a marginal decrease as compared to FY2019 where 570 tonnes of waste out of 63,400 tonnes 

were recycled due to less wastage generated from accuracy of estimation and less technical changes 

arising from the projects.

 

We have achieved the target we set last year and will continue to increase our waste recycling efforts 

in the next financial year. 

Waste Disposal

READY-MIX CONCRETE

For the manufacturing of ready-mix concrete segment, production waste collected for disposal 

totalled 47,000 tonnes in FY2020. There was a decrease as compared to FY2019 at 51,800 tonnes. 

We have achieved our target in maintaining the production waste disposal at 0.08 tonnes/m3 of 

concrete. We aim to maintain the production waste disposal at the current 0.08 tonnes/m3 by 

continuously reviewing and re-evaluating our current processes and procedures and further enhance 

our sustainability effort.


21



ENVIRONMENTAL TOPICS 

Environmental Compliance

As we grow our business, we are committed to reduce the environmental impacts of our business 

activities. Similar to FY2019, we have complied accordingly to the laws and regulations in FY2020 

and achieved our target. Moving forward, we aim to ensure continual compliance with the relevant 

laws and regulations.

NOISE MANAGEMENT

CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS

During the planning and design stage of the construction projects, Lian Beng will engage acoustic 

consultants to evaluate whether the expected noise to be generated during the construction 

site will exceed the noise limits stipulated by NEA. The acoustic consultants will conduct a Noise 

Impact Assessment (“NIA”), to calculate and forecast the noise that will be generated at the 

construction sites. 

Based on the results of the NIA, the acoustic consultants will recommend a Noise Management 

Plan (“NMP”) that will cover the entire period of the construction project. Our Project Manager 

will oversee and monitor noise control throughout the construction period based on the NMP. 

The NMP caters to different phases of the construction project and provides appropriate noise 

mitigation/control measures for each construction activity. It also recommends noise mitigation 

measures for the machinery and equipment that will be utilised during the different phases 

of construction activities. To effectively control the noise level of our construction activities, a 

continuous noise monitoring on-site is adopted and this can be accessed by both the contractor 

and NEA online. 

To further enhance our noise management effectiveness, Lian Beng appoints designated staff 

and establishes feedback channels for each project and to manage complaints from surrounding 

residents via flyers, notices and letters to keep them updated on our construction works. We 

have also installed project signboards for similar purposes, with contact numbers included for 

convenient access by residents nearby.

VECTOR MANAGEMENT

CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS

The construction industry plays an important role to play a part to curb dengue transmission 

and protect our workers and residents around work sites against dengue disease. Vector control 

plans are currently implemented at every project site to prevent mosquito breeding to protect 

the construction site personnel and members of the public from mosquito-borne diseases. 

We will continue to make assurance that all of our construction site workers are well-educated 

and well-aware of the harmful effects of mosquito breeding. Lian Beng will also continue to 

cultivate good practices, conduct routine checks and engage pest control companies to carry 

out regular insecticide spraying to prevent any possible breeding of vectors.  


22

SOCIAL TOPICS

Our People, Our Asset

Our Employees by Gender and Age Group

At Lian Beng, we believe in caring for our employees and the communities that we operate in so that 

we can continue to grow sustainably. We work towards creating an inclusive workplace environment, 

committed to mutual respect, fairness and equality for all our staff and workers. 

We provide opportunities for continuous learning and skills improvement for staff development. 

Our total staff count has significantly increased from around 1,100 employees as at 31 May 2019 

to around 1,600 employees as at 31 May 2020. The increase in total staff count was due to the 

manpower requirement needed for the existing projects and new projects secured.



In FY2020, the average monthly recruitment rate was approximately 2.4% and the average monthly 

resignation rate was about 0.95%. The majority of our employees are hired for construction business 

and nature of the construction business are predominantly male. 

With the increasing number of new hires for the construction industry, the Group’s gender diversity 

gap is wider in FY2020 (i.e., 92% male and 8% female in FY2020 as compared to 89% male and 11% 

female in FY2019). Although we have not achieved target that we have set last year of minimising 

the diversity gap, we have no record of gender discrimination within the group. We aim for gender 

discrimination-free organisation in FY2021. 


23

SOCIAL TOPICS

Employee Benefits

We seek to retain and attract talent with the right policies and investments. We offer the employees 

competitive benefits as a recognition of invaluable contribution and efforts by them. Apart from 

the statutory benefits outlined in the Employment Act, our employees are entitled to healthcare, 

insurance coverage, non-statutory leaves, lifestyle program and recreational activities.

We have collaborated with various service providers to offer each employee a unique Lian Beng 

lifestyle card. With the lifestyle card, employees can enjoy discounts and/or extended benefits for 

their purchases. 

We are also committed to nurturing our employees to improve their general well-being and satisfaction. 

We celebrated special occasions that bring all of us together, such as New Year, National Day, Mid-

Autumn Festival and Christmas Day. 

We have achieved the target we set last year and we will continue to aim to benchmark our employee 

benefits against market practices to ensure that the benefits we offer our employees remain 

competitive.




24



SOCIAL TOPICS

Training and Career Development

Giving Back to Our Community

As of 31 May 2020, Lian Beng has a total staff strength of 1,600 employees. Investing in their career 

growth through continuous training and development is key to our continuous success. Therefore, 

we aim to develop all our employees to their fullest potential to drive business excellence, by 

conducting various in-house and external training for our employees, as well as career development 

opportunities to upgrade their skillsets. We will also keep them abreast of the current technology 

and knowledge to improve the overall productivity and efficiency.

We retain and attract talents by providing our employees with competitive and fair remuneration 

to reward them for their good performance. Annual performance appraisals are conducted for our 

employees and the compensation packages are benchmarked against the market rate. 

11,435 hours

Total hours staff training in FY2020

7.3 hours

Average hours training per employee in FY2020

We have not achieved the target we set last year to provide an average training hours of 8 hours 

per employee as trainings were cancelled or put on hold due to the outbreak of COVID-19. We will 

strive to meet this target in FY2021 when the situation improves.

Lian Beng strongly believes in being a good responsible corporate citizen and has been actively 

involved in corporate social responsibility projects. 

The Group actively gives back to the community, while also encouraging continued community 

engagement among our employees. Continuing to last year’s successful corporate social responsibility 

efforts, Lian Beng aims to contribute to a charitable cause at least once every quarter. 

We have achieved this target and will continue to do so in the next financial year. We have been working 

with non-profit organisations to give back to the community and will continue in this financial year.

In FY2020, we contributed to the SGX Bull Charge Charity Run 2019, the Maybank Global Corporate 

Responsibility Day 2019 which raise funds in support of President’s Challenge for the Community 

Chest, as well as to the bursary fund for children at the TOUCH Community Services. In addition, we 

have made donations to several charity organisations and to the POSB Passion Run for Kids 2019 

accompanied with our employees’ participation in the run. Our employees also had the opportunity 

to explore painting with adult learners from the Down Syndrome Association.


25



SOCIAL TOPICS

Vision Towards an Accident-Free Work Culture

Beyond Singapore, we have set aside annual funds to support other international non-profit 

organisations. Since 2014, we have been sponsoring and helping to build homes in rural areas of 

Cambodia. Through the house-building project in Cambodia, we hope to improve the well-being 

and developing the community and help those in need. 

The safety and well-being of our staff are of paramount importance and should never be compromised. 

At Lian Beng, we have implemented comprehensive Workplace Health and Safety Policy to ensure 

workplace safety as well as measures that encourage personal ownership of each employee’s 

workplace health and safety. The Workplace Health and Safety Committee, led by the Project Director, 

provides oversight of all workplace health and safety practices within the organisation. Our efforts 

in WSH have been recognised by BCA and Workplace Safety and Health Council.

The Group makes use of technologies that are readily available to ensure work safety is monitored on 

a real-time basis. For example, workers are encouraged to report any deviations from best practices 

at the construction sites for such lapses to be rectified immediately.

AGAINST COVID-19

In HQ, worksite offices and construction sites, we conduct twice-daily temperature checks and 

regular monitoring of health status. We also implemented SafeEntry measures at all entry and 

exit points. We advise our employees to avoid overcrowding of lifts and separate usage of lifts, 

and implement staggered working hour and lunch time. 

For our construction staff and workers, regular swab test are conducted. We comply to BCA 

guidelines to reduce intermixing and avoid cross-infection of workers. For example, workers 

working on the same project are cohorted in a dedicated accommodation, and work in segregated 

teams. At the dormitory and workers quarters, worker’s living space are increased and the shared 

facility are segregated. Additional toilet facilities are installed so that the workers only use the 

facilities assigned to them. Improvements are also made to the workers’ welfare and well-being, 

and to ensure safe distancing among workers during their transportation to the work site.


26

SOCIAL TOPICS

External Initiatives Adopted 




27

SOCIAL TOPICS

Injury and Incidents

Fines or Penalties

In FY2020, we have achieved our target and recorded no fatality as compared to one fatality in 

FY2019. Accident frequency rate was 5.8% in FY2020 as compared to 3.5% in FY2019. 

The Group will continue to aim for zero fatality and reduce the number of reported injuries in the 

following years. 

No significant fine was incurred in FY2020. Moving forward, we aim to not incur any significant fines 

or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with the laws and regulations.

The monitoring framework as follow:




28



SOCIAL TOPICS

Managing Our Suppliers

Customer Health and Safety

INVESTMENT HOLDINGS

The Group assesses all structures of the buildings for health and safety impacts. We monitor our 

working environment to minimise risk and, when necessary, the Group would implement improvement 

measures to address any potential risks to our residents and tenants. 

As part of the measures to prevent and control the transmission of COVID-19, we have set-up 

SafeEntry at all entry and exit points as well as temperature screening for everyone before entering 

the building. We also have regular cleaning and disinfection schedule to ensure environmental 

hygiene and to minimise the risk of transmission through touches of surfaces.

To raise awareness among our suppliers, the Group has implemented steps to ensure the suppliers 

and subcontractors are informed of their environmental responsibilities and able to meet the 

standards expected by the Group. This is in addition to the steps they are required to take to comply 

with ISO certifications. 

The review and selection of suppliers and subcontractors process including environmental and social 

criteria. They are required to complete a self-assessment questionnaire where they are required to 

provide their health, safety and environmental policies and procedures in place for their employees. 

This questionnaire will be provided during the quotation and tendering process. 

During FY2020, we have assessed 100% of our subcontractors, construction suppliers and engineering 

service suppliers, as targeted. We will continue to raise awareness among our suppliers and ensure 

that 100% of our suppliers are assessed.




29



SOCIAL TOPICS

DORMITORY BUSINESS

Lian Beng’s dormitory Westlite Mandai houses myriad of facilities and amenities such as supermarkets, 

food courts, basketball and street soccer courts, cricket training pitches and sick bays. 

The dormitory partners with HealthServe, a non-governmental organisation committed to helping 

foreign workers by making healthcare accessible to them. HealthServe’s community medical and 

dental clinics at the dormitory operate every Saturday/Sunday evening and offer general practitioner 

and dental services, as well as provide free annual medical screenings to our residents. 

Residents’ social well-being is a priority at the dormitory. Recreational trips were organised for 

residents to visit Malaysia and places of interest in Singapore. Annual Westlite Days which include 

variety shows, songs, dance and professional performances, are organised to cater to different 

cultural profiles of residents. Sports activities are regularly organised, such as inter-dormitory street 

soccer and volleyball competitions.

AGAINST COVID-19

Due to an outbreak of COVID-19 among the foreign worker community in Singapore, workers 

residing at all foreign worker dormitories were placed under isolation or movement restrictions 

from 21 April 2020 as part of stricter Circuit Breaker measures, which required residents to stay 

within their dormitories at all times. Following the gradual easing of the Circuit Breaker measures 

from May 2020, necessary measures have been taken to ensure compliance with regulations 

order to allow workers residing there to resume work. The dormitory has been then declared 

COVID-cleared and is working towards the fulfilment of requirements for work resumption. 

During the period when the dormitories were in lockdown, the residents were kept engaged 

with various contactless activities and contests, including video making contest, cleanest unit 

contests and Labour Day greeting video contest. Cash vouchers and prizes were given out as 

prizes to winning participants. 

We have achieved the target of zero incidents of non-compliance with regulations and voluntary codes 

relating to the health and safety impacts of products and services in FY2020. We aim to maintain 

the target of zero incidents in the next financial year.  


30

SOCIAL TOPICS

Lian Beng protects the privacy and confidentiality of the personal data of our employees, customers 

and business partners. We have a Personal Data Protection Act (“PDPA”) policy that outlines how we 

manage the personal data we hold in compliance with the PDPA. The policy applies to all divisions 

and organisations across the Lian Beng group of companies.

Lian Beng seeks customer consent prior to the data collection, use or disclosure of personal data 

for the given purpose. 

Lian Beng has appointed a Data Protection Officer to oversee our management of personal 

data in accordance with the PDPA. We have implemented the following measures to secure and 

protect the information held:

Protecting Customer Privacy and Data



Similar to FY2019, we have achieved our target and there was no non-compliance with PDPA 

reported in FY2020. We aim to maintain zero incidents of non-compliance in the next financial 

year. 


31

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX




32

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX




33

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX




34

GRI STANDARDS  CONTENT INDEX




35

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX




36

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX



