












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2018














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































CONTENTS

CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE 

03

ORGANISATION PROFILE 

04

SUSTAINABILITY STORY 

05

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY 

06

GOVERNANCE AND STATEMENT OF THE BOARD 

06

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

07

REPORTING PRACTICE 

09

ECONOMIC TOPICS  

10

ENVIRONMENTAL TOPICS 

11

SOCIAL TOPICS 

16

SGX FIVE PRIMARY COMPONENTS INDEX 

23

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX  

24






















































































































































































































































































































































































Lian Beng’s commitment to 

sustainability is driven by the Group’s values and 

governance to uphold ethical standards 

and business practices.




FOCUS ON FUTURE GROWTH

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

02



MR ONG PANG AIK BBM

Chairman and Managing Director




DEAR STAKEHOLDERS, 

I am pleased to present the inaugural Sustainability Report of Lian Beng Group Ltd (“Lian Beng” or “the 

Group”).

Lian Beng’s commitment to sustainability is driven by the Group’s values and governance to uphold ethical 

standards and business practices.

We operate in a very challenging construction and property sector environment. Competition is stiff, but we 

continue to work hard to achieve business growth.

Over the years, we have diversified our revenue streams so that we are less dependent on any single business 

segment. We have also built up enough resources to explore more local and overseas growth opportunities 

to expand our business, and we have been distributing dividends to our shareholders consistently since we 

became a listed company. In doing so, we have developed a sustainable revenue stream for the Group that 

will benefit all our stakeholders.

Our property development business SLB Development Ltd (“SLB”), which has a portfolio of residential, industrial, 

commercial and mixed-use developments, was successfully spun off and listed on the Singapore Exchange 

Catalist Board in April 2018. SLB will publish its Sustainability Report separately to cover sustainability topics 

related to the property development sector.

We have always believed that continuous stakeholder engagement and collaboration is key to sustainable and 

successful business, and we will continue to do so.

Our commitment to sustainability is unwavering, and we will continue to introduce and implement sustainable 

innovations into our business operations.

We believe in long-term business viability, which is the way towards driving sustainable growth.

I would like to extend my appreciation to all stakeholders, past and present, for your contribution towards Lian 

Beng’s success all these years.

MR ONG PANG AIK BBM

Chairman and Managing Director

CHAIRMAN’S 

MESSAGE

ENHANCING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

03




ORGANISATION 

PROFILE

Company Name: Lian Beng Group Ltd 

Founded: 1973

Listed on SGX: 1999

Company Headquarters: Singapore

Business Segments

1. Construction

2. Other Construction-Related Business

3. Investment Holdings and Dormitory Business

CONSTRUCTION

Lian Beng has grown through the years and is now categorised as a Grade A1 builder by the Building and 

Construction Authority (“BCA”). The construction arm of Lian Beng Group engages in the construction of 

residential, industrial and commercial buildings, as well as civil engineering projects, as a main contractor. 

We continue to grow and record high numbers in terms of order book, revenue and profit. To date, we have 

completed more than 150 projects, including 20,000 units of homes with a total contract value of more than 

S$3.5 billion.

Our construction subsidiaries are graded A1 to B2 in General Building by BCA, with Grade A1 companies 

being able to tender for public sector projects of unlimited contract value. Our civil engineering subsidiary is 

categorised Grade A2 in Civil Engineering by BCA, which allows it to tender for engineering projects of up to 

$85 million in contract value. Our design-and-build subsidary has also expanded our construction business.

Sensing the need to ensure that we have enough skilled workers for our deployment, we took the bold step of 

opening an overseas testing and training centre in Bangladesh through joint venture.

OTHER CONSTRUCTION-RELATED BUSINESS

We continue our expansion in the construction-related businesses by setting up the following divisions:

a. Engineering Services and Reinforcement Bar Fabrication

• Engineering services such as metal works, structural works and strutting works

• Fabrication of reinforcement bar

b. Manufacturing of Ready-mixed Concrete and Asphalt Premix

• Production of ready-mixed concrete to supply to the construction business

• Production of asphalt premix to supply to the runway and public road projects

INVESTMENT HOLDINGS AND DORMITORY BUSINESS

a. Investment Holdings 

Lian Beng Group owns a diverse property portfolio locally and overseas comprising residential, commercial 

and industrial properties. The Group also has investments in securities and bonds.

b. Dormitory

The Group currently owns and manages 2 dormitories (Westlite Papan and Westlite Mandai) via joint 

ventures.

04

ENHANCING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 




SUSTAINABILITY 

STORY

To provide the BEST QUALITY

 services and products to all our customers at the 

most competitive cost

To achieve long-term business growth  

and to become a respectable and  

reputable construction and  

property development conglomerate















































































































































































































































































































































MISSION















































































































































































































































































































































VISION

SUSTAINABILITY PHILOSOPHY

To achieve long-term business sustainability and viability as a responsible, global corporate citizen.

The Board of Directors and the key management team are directly involved in the planning and strategising 

of sustainability initiatives. To deliver on our sustainability mission, a Sustainability Reporting Task Force 

comprising key management personnel was established to oversee the implementation and execution of these 

sustainability initiatives at Lian Beng. The Task Force meets regularly to plan and review the progress of Lian 

Beng’s sustainability initiatives.

As we prioritise the sustainability development of our business, we devoted much time and effort to produce 

our inaugural Sustainability Report. In May 2017, we established our Sustainability Task Force, as well as the 

framework for regular reporting of sustainability matters and the data collection process.

The Group encourages consultation and cooperation between management, employees and stakeholders in 

matters that may materially impact them. The first materiality assessment survey was conducted to understand 

the concerns of over 80 stakeholders ranging from our customers and subcontractors to suppliers and staff.

NOTEWORTHY AWARDS

The Group has won a number of awards and accolades for our excellence in general construction practices. 

These include:

• BCA Awards Quality Excellence Award Quality Champion (Platinum), 2017 

• BCA Building Information Modelling (BIM) Award Organisation (Gold), 2017 

• BCA Quality Excellence Award Quality Champion (GoldPlus), 2016 

• BCA Quality Excellence Award (Gold), 2015 

• International Construction Award by the Global Trade Leaders’ Club, headquartered in Madrid, Spain. 

Our construction arm has also received ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 certifications for our 

environmental and quality practices. 

We are equally committed to the safety and well-being of our staff. We regularly engage staff and workers in 

safety training and education, which emphasises strict adherence to workplace safety procedures. In this area, 

we have been awarded the Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents (“RoSPA”) Occupational Health and 

Safety Award for many years, as well as the BizSafe Star certification by the Workplace Safety and Health 

(“WSH”) Council in Singapore.

05

ENHANCING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 




ETHICS  

AND INTEGRITY

ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE

Lian Beng works diligently to ensure our employees adhere to the highest standards of ethics and integrity, as 

well as comply with applicable regulations and professional codes of conduct.

ANTI-CORRUPTION (GRI 205-1, 205-2, 205-3)

Lian Beng takes a strong stance against any form of misconduct, corruption and malpractice in the Group. 

The Group’s policy and code of conduct state that all employees should not be involved in offering, paying, 

requesting or receiving bribes or participate in any fraudulent activities.

We have a whistle-blowing policy in place to provide an avenue for employees of the Group and third parties to 

raise matters pertaining to wrongdoing or malpractice within the Group, which they may become aware of, and 

to provide reassurance that they will be protected from reprisals, victimisation or any form of retaliatory action 

for whistle-blowing made in good faith and without malice.

Employees or external parties can raise issues in confidence pertaining to wrongdoing or improper financial 

accounting to the Chairman of Audit Committee. Relevant actions will be taken to correct the weaknesses in 

internal controls and policies that may allow the perpetration of fraud or misconduct or both, and to prevent a 

similar incident from repeating itself. 

Administrative, disciplinary, civil or criminal actions or any combinations of these will be taken following the 

completion of independent investigations. 

There were no incidents of corruption in FY2018.

Please refer to our Annual Report FY2018 for more information on our whistle-blowing policy, interested person 

transactions and dealings in securities.

Lian Beng’s Board and senior management have assessed sustainability issues as part of the strategic 

formulation of the company. The Sustainability Reporting Committee is chaired by the Construction Director, 

and reports to the Board of Directors. It is supported by the management’s Sustainability Reporting Task Force 

comprising heads of different business units and helps to spearhead sustainability efforts in the organisation.

The Committee reviews the Group’s sustainability objectives and supervises the Task Force in tracking 

sustainability data and progress. The Board oversees the process of engaging stakeholders and identification 

of material topics. It approves the material environmental, social and economic topics identified by the 

Sustainability Reporting Committee.

Please refer to our Annual Report FY2018 for more information on corporate governance practices.

DIVERSITY OF GOVERNANCE BODIES (GRI 405-1)

Lian Beng values diversity in our Board and we ensure that the Group is fairly represented. We prioritise equal 

opportunities for everyone in the Company and firmly believe that everyone plays an integral role in the growth 

of our business. With the female-to-male ratio being 1:2 on the Board, we believe our Board’s gender diversity 

will set us apart from our peers and further boost our performance in this male-dominated industry.

GOVERNANCE AND  

STATEMENT OF THE BOARD

06

ENHANCING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 




STAKEHOLDER 

ENGAGEMENT

We value input from our stakeholders and we engage our stakeholder groups actively through various channels. 

Stakeholders are groups of people who have a material impact on our business or may be materially impacted 

by our business. These may include internal stakeholders such as employees and external stakeholders such 

as suppliers, customers and regulators.

The Group sought the opinions of our stakeholders to understand the material issues that are relevant to them. 

Over 80 stakeholders, ranging from our customers and subcontractors to suppliers and employees, provided 

us with their feedback. We appreciate their input and have incorporated these into the materiality matrix below. 

It contains some of the key sustainability issues highlighted and their relative importance to both external 

shareholders and internal management.







Low

Low

Medium

High

Medium

High

Direct Economic 

Value Generated

Greenhouse Gas 

Emissions

% of local-

born Senior 

Management

Employee

Diversity

Energy

Consumption

Non-compliance 

with laws and 

regulations 

Corruption

Risks

LEVEL OF RELATIVE IMPORTANCE TO INTERNAL MANAGEMENT

LEVEL OF RELATIVE IMPORTANCE TO EXTERNAL STAKEHOLDERS

07

ENHANCING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 




STAKEHOLDER 

ENGAGEMENT

Stakeholder 

Groups

Engagement platforms

Issues of concern

Read more in the 

following sections

Community

• Community Services

 Engagement

• Environmental Impact

• Social Development

• Environmental Topics

• Giving Back to our 

Community

Employees

• Structured and open 

annual performance 

appraisal system to 

link performance with 

remuneration

• Training and Education

• Remuneration and 

Benefits

• Training and 

Development 

• Ethics and Conduct

• Training and Career 

Development

Suppliers and 

Subcontractors

• Weekly updates from 

contractors 

• Mass toolbox meetings

• Health and Safety

• Environmental 

Compliance

• Managing our Suppliers

• Vision Towards an 

Accident-Free Work 

Culture 

Customers

• Regular dialogues

• Data Privacy

• Quality of tenants’ living 

conditions

• Protecting Customer 

Privacy and Data

• Customer Health and 

Safety

Governments

and Regulators

• SGX quarterly 

announcements

• Annual Reports

• Sustainability Reporting

• Ongoing dialogues

• Environmental 

compliance

 with National 

Environmental Agency 

(“NEA”)

• Regulatory and industrial

 requirements under 

BCA and Ministry of 

Manpower (“MOM”) 

• Fines or Penalty

• Injuries and Incidents

Shareholders

and investors

• Annual Reports

• Investor Relations

 Management

• Annual General Meetings

• Economic

 Performance

• Anti-corruption

• Direct Economic 

Value Generated and 

Distributed

• Anti-corruption

08

ENHANCING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 




Lian Beng’s first sustainability report has been produced in accordance with the GRI Standards “Core” option 

covering our Group’s performance in FY2018, i.e. from 1 June 2017 to 31 May 2018.

The GRI Standards represent the global best practices for reporting on economic, environmental and social 

topics.

The report also incorporates the primary components of report content as set out by the SGX’s “Comply or 

Explain” requirements on sustainability reporting under Listing Rule 711B.

GRI does not require external assurance and the Group’s Sustainability Reporting Committee has assessed 

that external assurance is not required as the Group is laying the foundations for a sustainability reporting 

framework this year.

This report supplements the Group’s Annual Report FY2018 and is available online at: http://www.lianbeng.

com.sg. Detailed section references with GRI Standards can be found on the GRI Standards Content Index 

Page.

Lian Beng’s material topics are identified based on their impact on our internal and external stakeholders, as 

outlined in the Stakeholders Engagement Section.

Please refer to SLB’s sustainability report for FY2018 for more information on the sustainability efforts related 

to property development.

Material Topics

Boundaries (i.e. which business segment or geography)

ECONOMIC

GRI 201: Economic Performance

Applicable to the Group

GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts

Lian Beng’s local and international business operations.

GRI 205: Anti-corruption

Compliance with legislations and recognised standards are 

applicable to Lian Beng’s local and international businesses.

ENVIRONMENTAL 

GRI 301: Materials

Applicable to construction, other construction-related businesses, 

investment holding and dormitory segments.

GRI 302: Energy

GRI 303: Water 

GRI 305: Emission 

GRI 306: Effluent and Waste

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance

Compliance with environmental regulations is applicable to Lian 

Beng’s 

construction, 

other 

construction-related 

businesses, 

investment holding and dormitory segments.

GRI 308: Supplier Environment 

Assessment

Supplier environment assessment is applicable to construction and 

other construction-related business segments.

SOCIAL 

GRI 401: Employment

Applicable to the Group’s employees and workers in construction, 

other construction-related services segments

GRI 403: Occupational Health and 

Safety

GRI 404: Training and Education

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity

GRI 413: Local Community

Applicable to local communities impacted by construction segments.

GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment

Applicable to suppliers for construction segment.

GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety

Applicable to investment holding and dormitory segments.

GRI 418: Customer Privacy

Applicable to construction, other construction-related businesses, 

investment holding and dormitory segments.

GRI 419: Socio-economic compliance

Applicable 

across 

construction, 

other 

construction-related 

businesses, investment holding and dormitory segments.

REPORTING  

PRACTICE

09

ENHANCING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 




DIRECT ECONOMIC VALUE GENERATED AND DISTRIBUTED (GRI 201-1)

The Group prioritises the interests of our shareholders and key stakeholders. We endeavour to maximise 

shareholder value and will continue to improve and drive future growth.

Please refer to the Annual Report FY2018 for the financial performance of Lian Beng.

INNOVATION AND EXCELLENCE (GRI 203-2)

Lian Beng is devoted to the betterment  of  the  local  economy  through  the  practices  we  implement  in our 

operations.

The Group has continuously invested substantially in innovation and productivity improvements in relation to 

our operational processes. We are constantly on a lookout for new innovative technologies and methods to 

increase labour productivity. Our in-house construction support service capabilities also allow us to further our 

cause.

We invested in technologies such as telescopic handler, automatic wheel washer and biometric systems 

to increase our productivity on site and save manpower on menial tasks. We also incorporated the use of 

Prefabricated Prefinished Volumetric Construction (“PPVC”) and prefabricated bathroom units (“PBU”), as part 

of the Design for Manufacturing &amp; Assembly (“DfMA”) process to reduce reliance on manpower and ensure 

on- site productivity and quality control.

We have automated the rebar cutting processes to increase efficiency and accuracy for use in construction 

projects. This has reduced the level of wastage in the rebar cutting process.

ECONOMIC 

TOPICS 

10

ENHANCING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 




ENVIRONMENTAL 

TOPICS 

Hazardous Materials Management:

• Hazardous materials usage and storage 

reporting

• Hazardous materials business plan

• Hazardous materials inventory

• Asbestos, lead and mould management

• Subsurface investigations

• Site characterisation and remediation

• Underground storage tank management

Health and Safety Awareness: 

• Training of staff and subcontractors

• Emergency escalation framework

Compliance Assessments:

• Corporate and project-based internal  

safety audits 

• Compliance audits

• Gaps assessment

• Compliance to WSH regulations

Waste / Vector Management: 

• Compliance to NEA regulations

• Source reduction

Air Quality / Noise Management:

• Engagement of Acoustic Consultant to 

study on residual noise prior to project 

commencement

• Air quality / Noise permits

• Record keeping in source reduction

• Programme development

• Training / WSH regulations

Lian Beng is a committed and environmentally responsible partner in the communities we operate in to ensure 

a safe, efficient and environmentally conscious operating environment. The Group encourages consultation 

and cooperation between management, employees and stakeholders in matters that may affect or impact the 

environment.

Lian Beng’s risk and sustainability-based strategies are geared to assess, avoid, reduce and mitigate 

environmental risks and impact. Our Environmental Policy provides the overall framework to ensure that 

natural resources are efficiently used through the conservation of energy and water and the minimisation of 

waste generated by reducing, reusing and recycling where possible.

The Group has embarked on the Green and Gracious Builder Scheme initiated by BCA. The implementation 

of the Green and Gracious Builder Scheme has enhanced and complemented the current ISO 14001 

Environmental Management System (“EMS”), which aligns all entities in the Group in managing its 

environmental responsibilities. The implementation of the Green and Gracious Builder Scheme has raised the 

level of environmental consciousness of the project team.

The Group is committed to being an environmentally sustainable real estate developer and builder that 

genuinely believes in building a practical ‘green’ future by minimising its impact on the environment and helping 

to protect it for future generations.

CONSTRUCTION AND OTHER CONSTRUCTION-RELATED BUSINESSES

Lian Beng works closely with its staff and subcontractors to ensure comprehensive management of 

environmental impact at all its construction sites.

11

ENHANCING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 




12

ENHANCING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

INPUT MATERIALS (GRI 301-2) 

MANUFACTURING OF READY-MIXED CONCRETE

As of FY2018, green materials make up, on average, 5% of the ready-mix concrete produced at our Punggol 

plant and 13% of that produced at our Tuas plant. We target to increase the percentage to 10% for the Punggol 

plant for the following financial year to develop a concrete mix with lower carbon footprint. We commit to 

reduce consumption of virgin materials by replacing them with recycled materials.

ENERGY AND EMISSIONS MANAGEMENT (GRI 302-1, 302-4, 302-5, 

305-1,  305-2, 305-5)

We are committed to working closely with our stakeholders to manage our carbon footprint. Energy efficiency 

is an important element in addressing climate change and reducing the carbon footprint. To do our part in 

countering climate change, we have put our focus on constructing well-designed projects that reduce gas 

emissions. Environmental policies and guidelines relating to energy apply in all geographical locations where 

the company operates.

Energy and emissions intensity ratios are calculated to allow us to compare our recurring emissions moving 

forward.

CONSTRUCTION

Lian Beng complies with BCA regulations and we are proud to share that we have been certified as a Green 

and Gracious Builder (Excellent). Environmentally friendly initiatives are incorporated in building designs and 

implemented during the construction period. All projects undertaken by Lian Beng have been Green Mark 

Certified. Martin Modern was certified “Gold Plus” and Defu Industrial City was certified “Platinum” for efforts 

in environmental protection and reducing gas emissions.

There were 5 ongoing projects in FY2018, where energy consumption totaled to 3,757,038 kWh and CO2 

emissions were 2,656,793 kg. With construction projects having a combined gross floor area of 5,181,933 

m², the total energy and emissions intensity ratios were 0.73 kWh/m² and 0.51kg/m2 respectively. Our energy 

intensity ratio was significantly below BCA’s average industry benchmark of 7 kWh/m².

We endeavoured to reduce energy use on site during construction by introducing energy-saving equipment, 

including solar panels, to power certain equipment such as noise meters, and earth control measures. Energy- 

saving air conditioning units and motion sensors were installed in places less frequently used to further 

conserve energy, and we have successfully conserved 26,484 kWh of energy, which translates to a reduction 

of 18,728 kg in CO2 emissions. We will persevere with our energy conservation efforts at our project sites.

OTHER CONSTRUCTION-RELATED BUSINESSES

Electricity and diesel consumption (for heating and drying of granite material) are major cost components in the 

manufacture of asphalt premix. In an effort to remain cost competitive and reduce our environmental footprint, 

careful consideration had been given during the design and construction of the asphalt premix plant. The 

Company invested in a state-of-the-art plant that is designed with advanced high efficiency thermal insulation 

to reduce heating requirements. In addition, the Group’s asphalt premix plant is the only one in Singapore 

with a fully enclosed silo for the storage of granite material, which will prevent it from getting wet during rainy 

weather and hence reduce the need for prolonged drying through heating. Our actual consumption of energy 

for the asphalt premix business being much lower than target consumption is testimony to our conservation 

efforts.

We commit to reduce energy consumption at the ready-mix plants through enforcing energy efficiency and 

process improvement by using resources and equipment to optimise energy usage. We target to reduce the 

energy consumption per cubic meter of concrete produced from 3 kWh/m3 to below 2 kWh/m3 in the following 

financial year.

Our energy consumption was 14,168,796 kWh in FY2018, significantly lower than the target consumption of 

16,500,412 kWh.

ENVIRONMENTAL 

TOPICS 




13

ENHANCING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

TOPICS 

INVESTMENT HOLDING AND DORMITORY BUSINESS

For our dormitories, we have implemented several energy-saving initiatives to reduce energy consumption.

In FY2018, total energy consumption at the dormitories was 7,522,758 kwh and the corresponding 

CO2emissions were 5,319,726 kg. As for Broadway Plaza and our corporate office, total energy consumption 

was 809,204 kwh and the corresponding CO2 emissions were 572,229 kg. As Wilkie Edge was incorporated 

into our portfolio in 2017, the energy and emissions data collected for reporting dates from 15 November 

2017 to 31 May 2018. During this period, 4,200,462 kWh of energy was consumed and corresponding CO2 

emissions were 2,970,361 kg.

WATER MANAGEMENT (GRI 303-1, 303-3)

Water remains scarce in Singapore and is an important resource that we have to conserve.

CONSTRUCTION

All projects are equipped with earth control measures (“ECM”). Approximately 15% (23,327m³) of ECM-

collected treated water are reused as a secondary source by construction projects for general purposes such 

as vehicle washing, watering of the access pathways to minimise dust and washing of toilets at workers’ 

quarters. This has allowed us to maximise the use of rainwater collected.

Targets for water usage are set and water meters are installed to track water usage at all project sites. The 

construction projects used a total of 27,492 m³ of water against the GFA of 5,181,933m2. Our water usage of 

0.05 litre/m2 is well within the BCA industry KPI average of 938 litre/m2.

MANUFACTURING OF READY-MIXED CONCRETE

In FY2018, 102,757 m³ of water was consumed in manufacturing of ready-mixed concrete.

INVESTMENT HOLDING AND DORMITORY BUSINESS

The Group actively engages various parties, such as Nanyang Technological University, to consult on solutions 

to use water and energy more efficiently. There are ongoing initiatives in place to conserve water, such 

as education on water-saving habits at the dormitories. We commit to continue our management of water 

consumption and improve on our water-reclaiming processes.

In FY2018, total water consumption was 774,247 m³ at dormitories and 7,291 m³ at Broadway Plaza and our 

corporate office.

From 15 November 2017 to 31 May 2018, total water consumption at Wilkie Edge was 22,067 m³.

Moving forward, we will implement water conservation targets for our corporate office, investment properties 

and other construction-related businesses.



Common areas of 

workers’

accommodation 

are designed 

to maximise the use of 

natural light



Lifts operate on a 

variable voltage and 

variable frequency 

(“VVVF”) motor drive 

with sleep mode 

features to help reduce 

electricity usage



Worker domitories are 

separated by walls, 

with an opening at the 

top that allows cross 

ventilation and 

movement of air




ENHANCING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

TOPICS 

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE MANAGEMENT

All our construction projects are equipped with ECM. Our system equipment is designed by a Qualified Earth 

Control Professional (“QECP”) as part of the requirement to prevent earth and silt from being discharged into 

public drains that lead to water catchment areas. The ECM takes into consideration factors such as construction 

sequences for erosion control, sediment control and treatment. The QECP will monitor the capacity of the 

treatment equipment, storage tanks and implementation measures for the duration of the construction period.

WATER DISCHARGE TREATMENT (GRI 306-1)

The function of the ECM is to filter collected rainwater within a project. The collected water containing mud 

and silt will be treated by the equipment through chemical filtering or membrane system filtering before being 

discharged into the common public drainage outside the development. The system is set to ensure that the 

Total Suspended Solids (“TSS”) reading of treated water will not exceed 50 mg/l. The water being discharged 

is monitored by the TSS web-based monitoring system and the user will be alerted if the reading exceeds the 

requirement, in which case corrective measures will have to be taken to address the issue. 

The treated water will flow through the public drainage system into our national catchment areas. 

MANUFACTURING OF READY-MIXED CONCRETE

The Group will continue our steadfast efforts to monitor, review and reduce water discharge, and we endeavour 

to control and maintain our effluent discharge at 0 m3.

WASTE DISPOSAL (GRI 306-2)

CONSTRUCTION

Construction wastes from projects are collected by Authorised Licensed waste collectors. Construction wastes 

collected by these operators will be segregated accordingly at their respective yards before being transported 

to government landfills or incinerators. Materials such as wood and rubber are sent to recycling yards.

In FY2018, construction waste collected for disposal totalled 876 tonnes, while the total amount of concrete 

waste collected was 2,955 tonnes. Currently, we recycle rebar by sending it to authorised scrap dealers who 

will in turn segregate and dispose it through the authorised agency. We ensure that proper channels of disposal 

are used by only employed contractors that are certified and authorised by government agencies. All rebar 

waste would need to go through the sorting process to segregate items that can be recovered and items that 

can be recycled. For FY2018, we used a total of 52,260 tonnes of rebar, out of which 203 tonnes of waste was 

recycled.

MANUFACTURING OF READY-MIXED CONCRETE

Production waste collected for disposal totalled 35,479 tonnes at the Punggol plant and 12,699 tonnes at 

the Tuas plant. For the ready-mixed segment, the Group working towards reducing waste disposal from 0.07 

tonnes/m3 of concrete produced to 0.05 tonnes/m3 by reviewing and revaluating our current processes and 

procedures to further enhance our sustainability efforts.

14




ENHANCING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

TOPICS 

NOISE AND VECTOR MANAGEMENT

The Group engages acoustic consultants to determine if the noise that is expected to be generated during 

the construction will exceed noise limits stipulated by NEA. Using a computer program, Cadna-A, the acoustic 

consultant will conduct a Noise Impact Assessment (“NIA”), under which the consultant incorporates input from 

the Group on machineries and construction sequence, and use the information to calculate and forecast the 

noise generated by the construction site.

Based on the results of the NIA, the acoustic consultant will recommend a Noise Management Plan (“NMP”) 

that will cover the entire period of the project. Our Project Manager will then oversee and monitor noise control 

throughout the construction project.

The NMP caters for different phases of the construction and provides appropriate noise mitigation/control 

measures for each construction activity. It also recommends noise mitigation measures for the machineries 

and equipment that we will be using during the different phases of our construction activities.

For effective noise control of our construction activities, a continuous noise monitoring on-site is adopted, and 

this can be accessed by the contractor &amp; NEA online.

To further enhance our noise management effectiveness, we appoint designated staff for each project to 

manage complaints and establish feedback channels with surrounding residents via flyers and letters to inform 

them of our construction works. We have also raised project signboards for similar purposes, with contact 

numbers included for convenient access by residents nearby.

In addition, vector control plans are implemented at every project site to prevent mosquito breeding so as to 

protect site personnel and members of the public from mosquito-borne diseases. We educate all site workers 

to ensure that they are all trained and well aware of the harmful effects of mosquito breeding. In an effort to 

prevent breeding of vectors, we cultivate good practices, conduct routine checks and engage pest control 

companies to carry out regular insecticide spraying.

15




ENHANCING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

SOCIAL 

TOPICS

OUR CURRENT WORKFORCE BY AGE AND GENDER































25.76%

32.99%

22.34%

7.36%

30 TO LESS 

THAN 40 

YEARS OLD 

40 TO LESS 

THAN 55 

YEARS OLD 

AGE 55

&amp;

ABOVE 

BELOW 30 

YEARS OLD

2.03%

5.84%

3.30%

0.38%



MALE



FEMALE

For FY2018, the average monthly recruitment rate was approximately 1.2% and the average monthly 

resignation rate was about 2.1%.

MANAGING OUR SUPPLIERS (GRI 308-1, 308-2, 414-1, 414-2)

The Group has implemented steps to ensure that suppliers and subcontractors are informed of their 

environmental responsibilities and able to meet the standards expected by the Group.  This is in addition to the  

steps they are required to take to comply with ISO certifications.

All suppliers and subcontractors are reviewed and selected based on environmental and social criteria. They 

are required to complete a self-assessment questionnaire where they must respond on existing health, safety 

and environmental policies and procedures in place for their employees. This questionnaire will be provided 

during the quotation and tendering process.

During FY2018, we assessed 100% of our construction suppliers and 90% of our engineering service suppliers. 

There was no major breach of regulations including health and safety and labour laws.

OUR PEOPLE, OUR ASSETS 

At Lian Beng, we work to create an inclusive workplace environment, committed to mutual respect, fairness and 

equality for all our staff and workers. We provide opportunities for continuous learning and skills improvement 

for staff development.

27.79%

38.83%

25.63%

7.74%

OUR EMPLOYEES BY GENDER AND AGE GROUP (GRI 401-1, 405-1)

16




ENHANCING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

SOCIAL 

TOPICS

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (GRI 401-2, 401-3)

We recognise the valuable contribution by our employees. Lian Beng works with various service providers to 

offer each employee a unique Lian Beng lifestyle card. With the lifestyle card, employees can enjoy discounts 

and / or extended benefits for their purchases.

A total of 72 employees were entitled to Parental Leave.

• Staff are given a medical 

card that allows them 

to enjoy subsidised 

outpatient medical care at 

General Practitioner clinics 

and medical insurance 

coverage.

HEALTHCARE

• Eligible staff are entitled to 

Maternity Leave, Paternity 

Leave, Shared Parental 

Leave, Childcare Leave, 

Extended Childcare Leave, 

Unpaid Infant Care Leave 

and Adoption Leave, and 

Training and Exam Leave 

where applicable.

LEAVE ENTITLEMENT

• Staff are covered under 

Personal Accident 

Insurance and Work Injury 

Insurance.

DISABILITY  

AND INVALIDITY

COVERAGE

• Staff are entitled to receive 

the following benefits:

 Lifestyle card - staff 

entitled to discounts and 

/ or extended benefits at 

selected service providers

 Dinner and Dance

 Festive celebrations

OTHERS

17




ENHANCING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

SOCIAL 

TOPICS

TRAINING AND CAREER DEVELOPMENT (GRI 404-1, 404-2, 404-3)

Lian Beng’s aim is to recruit and develop employees to their fullest potential to drive business excellence.

We provide our employees with competitive and fair remuneration to reward them for their good performance. 

Annual performance appraisals are conducted for all employees and our compensation packages are 

benchmarked against the market rate. Attracting and retaining talent is key to our continued success. There 

are career development opportunities for all our staff, and we provide internal and external training for all staff.

We invest in our employees to keep them abreast of the current technology and knowledge to improve 

productivity.

Total hours of staff training in FY2018

5910

HOURS

Average hours of training per employee in FY2018

7

HOURS

(approximately)

GIVING BACK TO OUR COMMUNITY (GRI 413-1)

Lian Beng believes sustainability is an integral part of our business philosophy. This issue has always been 

close to our hearts. We are committed to being a responsible corporate citizen and we work with many non- 

profit groups to give back to the community.

In FY2018, we organised the “I-Shop-You-Pay” event in collaboration with TOUCH Community Services. As 

part of the event, we brought elderly in wheelchairs for a morning stroll, breakfast and grocery shopping. We 

also made several donations to charity organisations in FY2018.

Beyond Singapore, we have been setting aside funds to support international non-profit organisations annually. 

Since 2014, we have been sponsoring and helping to build homes in remote parts of Cambodia annually.  

Through the house-building project in Cambodia, we hope to improve the well-being of the community and 

help those in need.

During FY2018, we held a one-week long HDB safety promotion campaign at Defu Industrial City to engage 

our stakeholders and educate them about the safety policies and procedures that we have in place for our 

construction projects. Activities included signing of the Safety Pledge, safety briefings and demonstration 

sessions for hot work, working at heights, lifting operations and safe behaviours at construction sites.

18




ENHANCING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

SOCIAL 

TOPICS

LIAN BENG GROUP’S TOP

MANAGEMENT TEAM

PROJECT TEAM

AND CO-MEMBERS

SUBCONTRACTOR AND

SUPPLIERS

SAFETY

Design for Safety

and Coordination

Understanding  

of Expectations and 

Implementation  

for compliance with 

WSH Act

Supervision on

Execution and Review

VISION TOWARDS AN ACCIDENT-FREE WORK CULTURE (GRI 403-1)

At Lian Beng, we have implemented a Health and Safety Policy to ensure workplace safety. The Health and 

Safety Committee, led by the Project Director, provides oversight of all health and safety practices within the 

organisation.

Lian Beng is committed to providing a safe and healthy workplace for all our stakeholders. It is necessary to 

embrace every effort to eliminate workplace injuries and fatalities because every incident takes a heavy toll on 

our workers and their families. 

By inviting tripartite contributions, participation, involvement and commitment, ambitious safety targets can be 

achieved through a three-way partnership involving our subcontractors, Project Team and Top Management 

Team. The WSH Act, introduced in 2006 by the Ministry of Manpower, plays a part in erecting a regulatory 

fence around all workplace safety, health and welfare practices.

Lian Beng’s mode of operations inculcates in stakeholders the mindset of leveraging affordable technologies 

that are readily available to help ensure both good performance and work safety on a daily basis. For example, 

workers are encouraged to report any deviations from best practices at the construction sites for such lapses 

to be rectified immediately.

19




ENHANCING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

SOCIAL 

TOPICS

TAKING A MULTI-PRONGED APPROACH TOWARDS ENSURING 

WORKPLACE SAFETY

Our Workplace Safety &amp; Health Management System (“WSHMS”) is periodically revised to adhere to the latest 

WSH legislative amendments and routinely audited by external independent consultants and internal audit 

teams. Lian Beng is certified to be compliant with the SS506 Singapore Standard for Occupational Safety and 

Health Management System, OHSAS 18001 and ISO 14001.

At every project site, supervisors are assigned with areas of responsibilities to maintain workplace safety. We 

work closely with our subcontractors to ensure that the highest standards of workplace safety are maintained. 

Lian Beng has implemented Project Internal Safety Audit (“PISA”) and Corporate Internal Safety Audit (“CISA”) 

to conduct regular site audits to engage all site staff and understand the challenges faced on the ground. The 

desired outcome of PISA and CISA is to provide a safer workplace that complies with WSH regulations and 

standards.

We recognise and reward our workers for safe behaviour and practices. Lian Beng works closely with our 

subcontractors to reaffirm our commitment to uphold the Group’s core value of safety.

On a corporate level, we conduct site walks, internal safety audits and subcontractor counselling sessions to 

establish our safety culture and practices from the top. In addition, machinery and equipment inspections and  

internal safety audits are held at all projects to ensure strict safety implementation. As a bizSAFE Partner, 

Lian Beng actively encourages our contractors to progress through the bizSAFE programme’s levels. We are 

currently working to assist all subcontractors in achieving bizSAFE Star (level 5) requirements.

Regular meetings are also convened to provide oversight on WSH procedures to ensure that instances of non-

compliance are identified and preventive actions are formulated to prevent recurrence. In FY2018, we held 

daily toolbox meetings and weekly WSH coordination meetings. We also held WSH committee meetings and 

corporate WSH meetings with workers every month to communicate safety performance with them.

Moving forward, we will also implement monthly corporate WSH meetings and site walks by senior management 

at project sites.

AWARENESS ON WORKPLACE SAFETY

The Group actively participates in WSH-related seminars and roadshows and conduct WSH Environment 

Promotion Day for all worksites biannually.

‘Safety Starts with Me’ is a competition and showcase that displays winning entries, including posters, 

photographs, creative writings and videos/short films. A workplace safety awareness road show was conducted 

at our Bartley Ridge project with assistance from MOM.

We also took the initiative to invite the Singapore Police Force to educate our foreign workers about security 

and crime prevention at Defu Industrial City and Martin Modern during FY2018. This was to reinforce the safety 

awareness of our workers when they are working on-site and pre-empt them from any possible danger.

20




ENHANCING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

SOCIAL 

TOPICS

INJURY AND INCIDENTS (GRI 403-2)

Our efforts and initiatives have resulted in a significant improvement in the number of reported incidents 

between FY2017 and FY2018. There were zero fatalities in FY2018 and the number of reported injuries fell 

by 4.2 or 57.5%.

Description

FY2018 

FY2017

Number of fatalities

0

0

Accident Frequency Rate

3.1

7.3

Number of stop-work days

0

36

CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY (GRI 416-1)

The Group assesses all buildings built including dormitory for health and safety impacts. We monitor our working 

environment to minimise risk and, when necessary, the Group would implement improvement measures to 

address any potential risks to our residents and tenants.

DORMITORY BUSINESS

Our foreign workers’ dormitories also enable residents to gain convenient access to training as part of an 

initiative to increase productivity. The Westlite Papan dormitory incorporates 3,000m2 of training space, 

providing workers with a conducive learning environment to upgrade their skills.

At Westlite Mandai, residents enjoy full facilities including free internet access, recreational rooms, a community 

clinic, as well as a 24-hour mini mart stocked with local food and imported food from the home countries of 

the residents. We have also installed a security system that incorporates biometric facial scan technology for 

residents entering and leaving the compound.

We have a partnership with HealthServe, a non-governmental organisation (NGO) committed to helping 

foreign workers by making healthcare accessible to them. Westlite Mandai and Westlite Papan play host to 

HealthServe’s community clinic that operates every Saturday and Sunday evenings respectively. Both clinics 

offer general practitioner and dental services at nominal rates to our residents, as well as foreign workers from 

the neighbourhood.

Other initiatives taken to improve health and safety for our residents include:

• Reduction of solvent content across cleaning processes

• Elimination of hazardous chemicals from pest controls 

• Development/implementation of safe work procedures/safe living environment 

• Conducting safety briefings to inform and educate residents on internal work procedures when hazardous 

materials are being used

• Reduced usage of hazardous chemicals, solvents, volatiles, and reactive components where possible

There have been no incidents of non-compliance with regulations and voluntary codes relating to the health 

and safety impacts of products and services.

21






ENHANCING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

SOCIAL 

TOPICS

FINES OR PENALTY (GRI 307-1, 416-2, 419-1)

A minor fine was incurred for a WSH contravention in FY2018. Both noise levels and vector regulations were 

fully complied with in FY2018. Beyond the existing WSHMS, Lian Beng takes immediate corrective action to 

rectify any lapses.

PROTECTING CUSTOMER PRIVACY AND DATA (GRI 418-1)

Lian Beng protects the privacy and confidentiality of the personal data of our employees, clients, business 

partners and others who have business dealings with us. We have a Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA) 

policy that outlines how we manage the personal data we hold in compliance with the PDPA. The policy applies 

to all divisions and organisations across the Lian Beng group of companies.

Lian Beng seeks customer consent prior to the collection, use or disclosure of personal data for the given 

purpose.

Examples of information collected include personal particulars (name, address, phone number, email address) 

and bank account information. 

Lian Beng has appointed a Data Protection Officer to oversee our management of personal data in accordance 

with the Act.

We have implemented measures to secure and protect customer information:

•  Training our employees who handle personal data to respect the confidentiality of such personal data and 

your privacy, 

•  Storing personal data in a combination of secure computer storage facilities, paper-based files and other 

records, and 

• Taking steps to protect the personal data we hold from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or 

disclosure. 

Site staff meeting to conduct inspection and corrective action 

upon notification of non-compliance by authorities

Future preventive measures are defined and staff are 

assigned responsibilities to heighten accountability.

Strengthening of monitoring framework

Mass toolbox meeting to remind all site staff and subcontractors of 

importance of practising good safety and housekeeping, and addressing  

environmental aspects of the site and that it is the duty and responsibility 

of all sub contractors to supply manpower for housekeeping and maintenance

22






ENHANCING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

SGX FIVE PRIMARY 

COMPONENTS INDEX 

S/N

Primary Component  

Section Reference 

1

Material Topics 

• Economic, Environmental and Social Topics

• Stakeholder Engagement

2

Policies, Practices and Performance

• Chairman’s Message

• Sustainability Story

• Economic, Environmental and Social Topics

3

Board Statement 

Governance and Statement of the Board

4

Targets 

Sustainability Story

5

Framework 

Reporting Practice

23






ENHANCING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

GRI STANDARDS 

CONTENT INDEX  

GRI Standards 

Disclosure Content 

Section Reference 

102-1

Name of the organisation

Annual Report FY2018

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

Annual Report FY2018

102-3

Location of headquarters

Annual Report FY2018

102-4

Location of operations

Annual Report FY2018

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Annual Report FY2018

102-6

Markets served

Annual Report FY2018

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Annual Report FY2018

102-8

Information on employees and other 

workers

Annual Report FY2018

102-9

Supply chain

Annual Report FY2018

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation 

and its supply chain

Annual Report FY2018

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

Annual Report FY2018

102-12

External initiatives

Annual Report FY2018

102-13

Membership of associations

Annual Report FY2018

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Chairman’s Message

102-15

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

Chairman’s Message, Sustainability Story

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms 

of behaviour

Ethics and Integrity

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns 

about ethics

Ethics and Integrity

102-18

Governance structure

Governance and Statement of the Board

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder Engagement

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Stakeholder Engagement

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder Engagement

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder Engagement

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries

Reporting Practice

201-1

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed

203-2

Significant indirect economic impacts

Innovation and Excellence

24






ENHANCING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

GRI STANDARDS 

CONTENT INDEX 

GRI Standards 

Disclosure Content 

Section Reference 

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption

Anti-Corruption

205-2

Communication and training on anti- 

corruption policies and procedures

Anti-Corruption

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and 

actions taken

Anti-corruption

301-2

Recycled input materials used

Input Materials

302-1

Energy consumption within the 

organisation

Energy and Emissions Management

302-4

Reduction of energy consumption

Energy and Emissions Management

302-5

Reductions in energy requirements of 

products and services

Energy and Emissions Management

303-1

Water withdrawal by source

Water Management

303-3

Water recycled and reused

Water Management

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Energy and Emissions Management

305-2

Energy Indirect Greenhouse Gas 

Emissions (Scope 2)

Energy and Emissions Management

305-5

Reductions in Greenhouse Gas 

Emissions

Energy and Emissions Management

306-1

Total water discharged by quality and 

destination

Water Discharge Treatment

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

Waste Disposal

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations

Fines or Penalty

308-1

New suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria

Managing Our Suppliers

308-2

Negative environmental impacts in the 

supply chain and actions taken

Managing Our Suppliers

401-1

New employee hires and employee 

turnover

Our People, Our Assets

401-2

Benefits provided to full time employees 

that are not provided to temporary or part- 

time employees

Employee Benefits

401-3

Parental leave

Employee Benefits

403-1

Formal joint management-worker health 

and safety committee

Vision towards an Accident-free Work 

Culture

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, 

absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities

Injury and Incidents

25




ENHANCING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 LIAN BENG GROUP LTD 

GRI STANDARDS 

CONTENT INDEX  

GRI Standards 

Disclosure Content 

Section Reference 

404-1

Average hours of training per year per 

employee

Training and Career Development

404-2

Programmes for upgrading employee 

skills and transition assistance 

programmes

Training and Career Development

404-3

Percentage of employees receiving 

regular performance and career 

development reviews

Training and Career Development

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees

i) Diversity of Governance Bodies

ii) Our People, Our Assets

413-1

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, and 

development programmes

Giving Back to Our Community

414-1

New suppliers that were screened using 

social criteria

Managing Our Suppliers

414-2

Negative social impacts in the supply 

chain and actions taken

Managing Our Suppliers

416-1

Assessment of the health and safety 

impacts of product and service categories

Customer Health &amp; Safety

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

the health and safety impacts of products 

and services

Fines or Penalty

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning 

breaches of customer privacy and 

customer data loss

Protecting Customer Privacy and Data

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and economic 

area

Fines or Penalty

26






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































LIAN BENG GROUP LTD

29 Harrison Road, Lian Beng Building ,Singapore 369648

Tel: +65 6283 1468 • Fax: +65 6280 9360

Email: lianbeng@singnet.com.sg

www.lianbeng.com.sg

SINGAPORE    CHINA    AUSTRALIA    UNITED KINGDOM

