


SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT

Libra Group Limited

2018




CONTENTS

1. BOARD STATEMENT

2. ABOUT THE REPORT

2.1 Report Scope 

2.2 Report Methodology 

2.3 Report Structure 

2.4 Report Contact and Feedback 

3. OUR SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

3.1 Corporate Profile 

3.2 Mission and Values 

3.3 Awards &amp; Achivements

3.4 Sustainability Management Framework 

3.4.1 Governance Structure

3.4.2 Key Stakeholders and Material Issues

3.4.3 Accountability to Stakeholders   

3.5 Alignment with International Initiatives 

3.5.1 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) 

3.5.2 United Nations Global Compact (UNGC)

4. ECONOMIC

4.1 Economic Contribution to Society

4.2 Financial Highlights

5. GOVERNANCE

5.1 Legal Compliance and Corporate Governance

5.2 Ethics and Compliance

5.3 Customer Privacy &amp; Data Protection

6. ENVIRONMENTAL

6.1 Our Approach 

6.2 Carbon Footprint &amp; Greenhouse Gases Emission

6.3 Promoting Green Practices 

7. SOCIAL

7.1 Employee Management &amp; Wellness 

7.2 Employee Benefits

7.3 Customer Satisfaction 

7.4 Partnering Our Suppliers 

7.5 Support for Our Community 

8. GRI CONTENT INDEX 

11

13

14

16

26

1

2

4

Page

This sustainability report has been prepared by Libra Group Limited (the 

“Company” or “Group”) and its contents have been reviewed by the 

Company’s sponsor, RHT Capital Pte. Ltd. (the “Sponsor”), for compliance 

with Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”) Listing 

Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist. The Sponsor has not independently 

verified the contents of this sustainability report. 

This sustainability report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-

ST and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this 

sustainability report, including the accuracy, completeness and correctness 

of any of the informaton, statements or opinions made or reports contained 

in this sustainability report. 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr Lay Shi Wei, Registered 

Professional (Telephone no.: +65 6381 6757) at 9 Raffles Place #29-01, 

Republic Plaza Tower 1 Singapore 048619.


Sustainability is the crux of the success of any enterprise, especially enterprises with the 

conviction to achieve triple bottomline, namely ‘People, Profit, Planet’, for the benefits of 

both private enterprise and society. 

At Libra Group Limited ("Libra" or the "Company" and together with its subsidiaries, 

the "Group"), we are committed to uphold the highest standards of Economic, Social 

and Governance ("ESG") practices within our organisation. While we advance in the 

sustainability journey with the second sustainability report, we have embraced our 

corporate social responsibility with conviction and fervour.

We believe our sustainable growth and success is only possible with the sustainable 

development of the communities we operate in, be it social, business or national 

communities.

Driving long term sustainability is our vision. Centred on our key material issues, we 

have charted a comprehensive sustainability approach to our sustainable development 

roadmap. We will endeavour to set ourselves on the journey of achieving a good balance 

between financial growth and ESG performance.

As a market leader in the building and construction industry, we demonstrate our 

commitment through the adoption of responsible business practices. The Group is 

committed to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in all the markets we 

operate in. The Board expects all Group employees to be vigilant to maintain the 

corporate values and high quality of the Group's products and services.

Moving forward, we believe that long term investment in human capital is the key to the 

long-term sustainable success of the Group. Therefore, we are committed to invest in 

strengthening our staff training and development roadmap, as well as enhancing the 

environmental sustainability of our operations in a low carbon economy in the future.

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 1

Board Statement

Yours Sincerely, 

Mr Chu Sau Ben

Executive Chairman, Executive Director &amp; Chief Executive Officer

Libra Group Limited


About The Report

Report Scope

Report Methodology

Report Structure

This sustainability report articulates our commitment to 

sustainability as well as provides a transparent and balanced 

view of the company’s sustainability performance to address 

the interests of our key stakeholders.

This report covers the performance of our consolidated 

entities for financial year ended 31 December 2018 

("FY2018"). This report focuses on the sustainability 

performance, activities and initiatives that are under our 

direct control, including our Singapore operations, our 

local supply chain as well as overseas business operations 

directly associated with us. 

Material issues and topics described in this report have 

been selected according to their significance in respect of 

the company boundaries, our sustainability context and the 

expectations of our stakeholders. 

The report is prepared based on the requirements of the 

‘In accordance-Core’ level of the Global Reporting Initiative 

(GRI) Standards Sustainability Reporting Guidelines. We 

have chosen the GRI Standards Reporting Guidelines for 

its robust regime and detailed guidance which offers an 

internationally-recognised benchmark for the disclosure of 

governance approaches and of the environmental, social 

and economic performance and impacts of organisations. 

This sustainability report aims to reflect the interests of our 

key stakeholders. We have identified five key stakeholder 

groups, namely, employees, customers, suppliers, future 

generations and communities. For each stakeholder group, 

we set out our management approaches in respect of how 

material issues are identified as well as how such issues are 

prioritised and managed.

Further, we will present our sustainability initiatives in respect 

of environmental, social and economic issues relevant to 

our business and boundaries. Finally, we will provide the 

This report aims to present comprehensive information on 

the company’s strategies towards sustainability and key 

material issues, and has been prepared in accordance to 

international standards.

The scope of all material topics disclosed in this report 

pertains to the business operations in Singapore. 

Nevertheless, our corporate governance and sustainability 

approaches are drawn from the policies and practices set at 

the Group level.

This sustainability report focuses on the Group’s sustainability 

strategies and practices whilst highlighting the economic, 

environmental, and social and governance aspects of our 

activities and developments. This report aims to provide an 

overview of our approach, priorities, performance review, as 

well as targets for our key sustainability areas.

This report also incorporates the primary components of the 

report content as required under Rule 711B of Section B: 

Rules of Catalist of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST (the 

“Catalist Rules”). 

information of our key performance indicators, performance 

targets and outcomes. The information regarding the basis 

for report boundaries and our materiality assessment is 

provided in section 3.

Altogether, this report provides the Group’s disclosures in 

accordance to the SGX Sustainability Reporting Guidelines 

and the GRI-Standards “In-Accordance-Core” Relevant GRI 

references and disclosures. A snapshot of the GRI Content 

Index is provided in section 8 of this report.

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 2


LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 3

Report Contact and Feedback

We value your feedback on the content of this report and 

encourage you to contact us through the following channels:

Investor Relations Department

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED

53 Loyang Drive

Singapore 508957

www.libragroup.com.sg/contact-us

This sustainability report is available at our website: 

www.libragroup.com.sg/investment/sustainability




Mission and Values

Awards and Achievements

Libra Group Limited (“Libra” or the “Company“, and together 

with its subsidiaries the “Group“) is a Singapore based 

integrated building solutions company with core businesses 

in: (i) mechanical and electrical engineering (“M&amp;E”) 

services, (ii) sales and manufacturing of airconditioning 

and mechanical ventilation ducts (“ACMV”) and trading of 

ACMV-related products; and (iii) building and construction 

solutions.

Founded in 1997 and listed on the Catalist Board of the 

Singapore Exchange in 2011, Libra is an established 

market leader in integrated M&amp;E solutions and customised 

ACMV ducts. It provides design, manufacturing, supply and 

installation services for various systems; including ACMV, fire 

alarms and fire protection, electrical, sanitary and plumbing, 

as well as speciality utilities.

Libra is one of the largest manufacturers of customised 

ACMV ducts in Singapore with strong brand equity for 

ACMV-related products; such as LibraSeal, LibraAire, Libra 

Flex, Libra Aluminum Foil Tape and Libra Gasket Tape 

brands.

We aspire to be the leading integrated building and 

construction solutions provider in Singapore and ASEAN 

with a strong focus on the highest quality, safety and 

sustainability standards.

Our employees operate according to a set of core values 

that guide all aspects of our business. We recognise that 

Libra has built a strong track record in the industry with its 

focus on quality, safety and sustainability. Its past projects 

include iconic Singaporean landmarks such as Marina Bay 

Sands and the Sports Hub, as well as various commercial, 

industrial and residential projects.

Leveraging on its core competencies, Libra has broadened 

its range of services and solutions through its building 

and construction arm, as well as taking on higher-value 

contracts and obtaining a higher BCA grading.

On 28 March 2018, Libra completed the acquisition of a 

51% stake in YC Capital Consolidated Sdn Bhd (“YCC” and 

together with its subsidiaries, the “YC Group“) a tourism and 

retail related business in Malaysia.

On 15 April 2019, the Company entered into a 

Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) in relation to the 

proposed disposal of the Group’s 51% interest in the issued 

and paid-up shares of the YC Group.

Libra will selectively explore diversification into other sectors, 

as well as geographical expansion, to drive further growth.

cooperation, communication and trust are essential for us to 

effectively collaborate within the organisation and to remain 

competitive in our industry, and that care and concern 

through respect and empathy are essential, both within 

the organisation and among the communities in which we 

operate.

Corporate Profile

Year            Awards

2012           Singapore SME 1000 Company

2015            Top Business Luminaries : Promising SME 500

2016            bizSafe Level Star

2016            BCA Green and Gracious Builder Award

2017            Quality Management System Certified

2017            Health and Safety Management System Certified

2017            Environmental Management System Certified

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 4

Our Sustainability Aproach


Sustainability Management Framework

Embedding sustainability consideration into our 

management system and processes across the value 

chain allows us to plan for long term business issues and 

proactively meet the expectations of our stakeholders. 

We recognise that our actions today matter and we play 

an important part in influencing the environment for our 

future generations. Through integrating sustainability in 

our business, we ensure that our business strategy and 

operations are in line with a vision towards a long-term 

sustainable future.

Mr Chu Siow Leong, the Company’s Corporate Sustainability 

Champion (the “Champion”) for corporate sustainability 

issues and pro-actively raises corporate sustainability 

awareness through education and training across the 

organisation. Through the Corporate Sustainability Work 

Group (“CSWG”) which is tasked with, inter alia, the 

implementation of Corporate Sustanability Committee 

("CSC") action plans, the identification of sustainability issues 

and the preparation and handling of all sustainability-related 

corporate policies and regulations, our Champion engages 

and communicates with employees within the company in 

collectively executing the Corporate Social Responsibility 

("CSR") plan, identifying and managing the Environment, 

Social and Governance (“ESG”) factors as well as engaging 

stakeholders. The businesses and functions ensure the 

quality of the information for sustainability reporting.

Being a listed company on the SGX-ST, we adhered to the 

highest standards of corporate governance as required 

by the Catalist Rules. We strictly conform to local and 

international best practices. Our corporate governance 

framework covers ethics and compliance through a Code 

of Conduct as well as action guidelines which are to be 

adhered to by the management team and employees 

In 2017, we took the initiative to establish our sustainability 

reporting framework. We performed an analysis on our 

business and operation models as the basis for our 

stakeholder mapping and materiality assessment. Through 

our analysis, we identified six key stakeholder groups within 

our sustainability context and their respective material 

issues are detailed in this report.

across our organisation. 

Every new employee undergoes the induction to our Code 

of Conduct and our policies on ethics and compliance which 

include topics such as anti-corruption. Communication 

channels are in place to enable all employees and 

individuals engaged in our business activities to report 

complaints of unethical behaviour. We have a designated 

officer who maintains a register of incidences regarding 

ethics and compliance issues and escalates material 

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 5

Board

Chairman



Operations/

EHS



Human 

Resource



Legal 

Compliance



Information 

Technology



Finance



Marketing



Governance Structure




We have a regular review, assessment and feedback 

process in relation to the ESG factors. The key to this is a 

regular Enterprise Risk Assessment (“ERA”) exercise which 

entails the identification, assessment and documentation 

of material risks and corresponding internal controls. Such 

material risks include fraud and corruption, environmental, 

health and safety, and human capital risks which are ESG 

relevant. We are continuously improving the adequacy 

and effectiveness of our ERA process in response to the 

changing business and operation environment.

Through regular stakeholder engagement, we identify and 

review material issues that are most relevant and significant 

to us and our stakeholders. For external stakeholders, 

we prioritised issues important to society and applicable 

to us. Then, we prioritise our sustainability efforts and 

report issues that are most material to the business and 

the stakeholders. As material issues are often specific and 

unique to countries and locations, we are reporting the 

stakeholder engagement and material issues relevant to 

our Singapore operations in this report.

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 6

Key Stakeholders and Material Issues


Stakeholders

Material Issues

Significance

Future Generations

· Materials recycling of product material and 

packaging

· Environmental education of our employees and 

customers

· Reduction of carbon emissions

· Reduction of energy consumption

· Compliance with best practices and standards 

on Green initiative, such as the BCA Green &amp; 

Gracious Builders Award

Our sustainability agenda for the environment and 

future generations is embedded into the day-to-

day business activities among our staff. 

We continue to strive to improve from a holistic 

perspective through our company culture and 

practices. Within the big picture of sustainability, 

we also take steps towards key goals such as 

curbing global warming, as well as conserving and 

recycling resources. 

Such efforts are crucial to a sustainable economic 

ecosystem for our customers as well as our 

business sustainability.

Employee

· Employee well-being through workplace health &amp; 

  safety and work-life balance

· Regular training of employees on critical skill sets 

  to sustain competitiveness

· Competitive compensation scheme to retain 

  talents

· Non-discrimination, diversity and equality

· Senior management engagement with employees

An ethical and professional working

environment is crucial in cultivating a

corporate culture which motivates and empowers 

our employees to meet their full potential both 

professionally and personally.

Customers

· Safety of our customers in our services delivery

· Customer data privacy

· Customer satisfaction and customer-centric 

  approach

The quality and safety of our services and 

products to our customers are the core focuses of 

our commitments. 

Through our quality and safety commitments to 

our customers, we will, in turn, be contributing to 

their own successful sustainable development.

Suppliers

· Environmental, labour and human rights impact 

  in the supply chain

To effectively and meaningfully implement our 

sustainability agenda, it is important that our 

suppliers and partners share our values in 

their business practices in areas such as the 

environment, human rights, labour practices and 

corporate ethics. 

Such alignment of values is a crucial part of 

building mutually beneficial relations with suppliers 

and channel partners to enhance both their own 

competitiveness and that of ours.

Community

· Impact on communities, local economies and 

  future generation education

· Economic value generated and distributed to 

  local communities

In our vision in moving our business to

high-value-added business areas, the ability 

to identify and attract people with the relevant 

knowledge and talent are crucial to the 

sustainability of our businesses.

All Stakeholders

· Compliance with prevailing laws and regulations

· Good corporate governance &amp; ethics, 

  transparency and non-financial reporting

· Ethical business practices such as anti-corruption

· Grievance mechanisms

Legal compliance and ethical practices are

the core foundation of our business. 

Our culture is established and sustained

through strong corporate governance,

transparent reporting and open

communications with all our stakeholder

groups.

Stakeholder Engagement Approach

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 7


We believe that good CSR practices go hand-in-hand with 

good corporate management practices. 

We also recognise that it is vital that our management 

approaches are adaptable to the dynamics of the business 

and operation environment in such a way that we can 

continuously assess our impacts, develop sustainability 

objectives and respond in a proper manner to meet our 

stakeholders’ expectations. 

Our sustainability framework is based on our approach 

to sustainability and includes policies and measurement 

mechanisms to monitor the impacts made by our 

businesses and operations.

Our Key Stakeholders

How We Engage Them

Key Topics

Customers

· Formal business meetings

· Informal feedback 

· Value proposition of Libra Group

· Product features of Libra's 

  product ranges

· Customer feedback

· Service quality

Shareholders and Financial 

Community

· Annual General Meeting

· Emails and tele-conferences

· Investor Briefings/meetings

· Financial results

· Key business developments 

  such as new acquisition or 

  divestment

· Information update by  

  management to shareholders

  &amp; investors

Employees

· Internal communication through emails 

· Information update by 

  management to staff

Suppliers / Service Providers

· Regular meetings

· Emails and telephone calls

· Feedbacks on their products 

  and services

· Information update of their 

  new product or service

Government and Regulatory 

Agencies

· Consultations 

· Discussions 

· Regulatory and industry 

  standards and guidelines

Local Communities

· Community activities 

· Community donation programme

Key to the success of our sustainability programme is 

regular and up-to-date communication about our CSR 

policies and activities to all our stakeholders, and the 

provision of appropriate feedback mechanisms so that we 

can monitor and evaluate how we are doing and explore 

new possibilities stimulated by stakeholder responses. 

We see our sustainability report as a critical component of 

this continuous cycle of communication and evaluation. 

Our sustainability efforts in respect of Libra stakeholder 

group are managed through our CSR plan in the manner 

as indicated in the table below.

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 8

Accountability to Stakeholders 


On 25 September 2015, the UN General Assembly 

adopted the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (“SDGs”) 

to end poverty, protect the planet, and ensure prosperity 

for all as part of a new sustainable development agenda. 

Each goal has specific targets to be achieved over the 

next 15 years. Although the SDGs are primarily aimed at 

governments, they represent an important opportunity 

for businesses to also act for a more sustainable world. 

SDGs Logo Source: http://www.un.org/sustainabledevelopment/news/communications-material

SDGs

Relevant Targets to Our Businesses

Of the 17 sustainable development goals, we have identified 12 SDGs to be 

relevant to our business, operations and value chain. They are addressed in our 

various policies at the group level. Such goals are also embedded in various 

initiatives carried out across the organisation.

We have classified 5 SDGs as irrelevant to our business or industry. 

They are not within our boundaries and scope of influence; therefore, we are 

currently unable to make noticeable contributions to such goals.

We will use SDGs as one of the guiding principles for our 

sustainability initiatives.

As we advance on our sustainability journey, we will 

continue to assess our alignment with the SDGs and, 

whenever possible, redirect our internal priorities and 

sustainability strategy to address these goals more 

effectively and comprehensively.

Alignment with International Initiatives





LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 9

Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)

SDG Goal Relevant Targets to Our Businesses (Source: http://sustainabledevelopment.un.org)

SDGs

Relevant Targets to Our Businesses

Our Participation

13.3: Improve education, awareness-raising and human 

and institutional capacity on climate change mitigation, 

adaptation, impact reduction and early warming.

We have identified 2 SDGs and 

integrate within  our own internal 

processes and environmental 

policies to reduce electricity and 

fuel consumption. Our approach to 

mitigate climate change includes staff 

training and implementing energy-

efficient measures. We monitor and 

report our Greenhouse Gases ("GHG") 

emissions and set reduction targets.

15.1: By 2020, ensure the conservation, restoration 

and sustainable use of terrestrial and inland freshwater 

ecosystems and their services, in particular forests, wetlands, 

mountains and drylands, in line with obligations under 

international agreements. 

All the paper used in our offices is Forest Stewardship Council 

(FSC) certified. We actively promote the use of FSC paper 

across our organisation.






The United Nations Global Compact (“UNGC”) is a United 

Nations initiative to encourage businesses worldwide to 

adopt sustainable and socially responsible policies, and to 

report on their implementation. The UNGC is a principle-

based framework for businesses, stating ten (10) principles 

Our Key Stakeholders

United Nations 10 Principles

Our Commitment

Human Rights

Principle 1

Businesses should support and respect the 

protection of internationally proclaimed human rights.

Page 16-25

Principle 2

Make sure that they are not complicit in human rights 

abuses

Page 16-25

Labour

Principle 3

Businesses should uphold the freedom of association 

and the effective recognition of the right to collective 

bargaining.

Page 16-25

Principle 4

Elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory 

labour

Page 16-25

Principle 5

Effective abolition of child labour

Page 16-25

Principle 6

Elimination of discrimination in respect of 

employment and occupation.

Page 16-25

Environment

Principle 7

Businesses should support a precautionary approach 

to environmental challenges.

Page 14-15

Principle 8

Undertake initiatives to promote greater 

environmental responsibility.

Page 14-15

Principle 9

Encourage the development and diffusion of 

environmentally friendly technologies.

Page 14-15

Anti-Corruption

Principle 10

Businesses should work against corruption in all its 

forms, including extortion and bribery.

Page 13

in the areas of human rights, labour, the environment and 

anti-corruption.

Below are the relevant pages of our report which make 

reference to the 10 principles of the UNGC.

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 10

United Nations Global Compact (UNGC)


ECONOMIC

At present, the Group operates businesses across two 

business segments in Singapore and Malaysia. We 

manage our one-stop building and construction services in 

accordance with sustainability principles. We work closely 

with our business partners to identify and consider any 

sustainability opportunities and risks that may arise.

Sustainability trends such as climate change, resource 

scarcity and demographic changes shape the competitive 

environment in which companies like our Group operate 

by introducing long-term sustainability opportunities 

and recognising risks. We, therefore view our business 

performance beyond short-term gains and financial bottom-

line.  Our conviction is to achieve a balanced triple bottom-

line “People, Planet and Profit’’ both for sustainable growth 

and for the organisation and the community it operates in.

For our financial highlights, please refer to page 12 of this report.

More importantly, we strive to contribute positively to 

society through our economic presence by contributing 

to the efficient management of the public infrastructure, 

namely underground utilities, infrastructure and roadworks, 

maintaining good stewardship of the resources we manage 

and generating good shareholders’ value.

In FY2018, we have achieved S$104.3 million revenue and 

created over 70 new employment opportunities within our 

organisation in the markets we operate in. We also seek to 

demonstrate our commitment to actively contribute to the 

communities and the charitable organisations in Singapore 

through a formal corporate philanthropy policy which is 

pegged to our annual contract wins.

ECONOMIC

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 11

Economic Contribution to Society


2

ECONOMIC

Financial Highlights

ECONOMIC

Revenue by Year (S$)

Net Profit/Loss  (S$)

Earning Per Share  (Cents)

Net Asset Value   (Cents)

2017    2018

2017   

2017   

2017   

2018

2018

2018

70.46m

104.27m

1.57m

1.33

21.64

4.36m

1.81

17.03

Revenue by Geographical Segments (S$)

2017

2018

70.46m

91.19m

13.08m

Singapore

Malaysia

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 12


Ensuring safety and privacy of our customers’ data is of 

great priority to us. We have processes and controls in place 

for handling and communicating sensitive and confidential 

information of our customers such as contracts, customer 

orders and product delivery orders. 

We adhere strictly to the guidelines set by the Personal 

Data Protection Act (PDPA). We have invested to ensure 

our proprietary IT system meets the highest standards for IT 

security. Our confidential documents are disposed by waste 

disposal firms to ensure maximum security.

Our information security policies ensure our customers’ data 

are managed in accordance to the level of confidentiality. 

2

Ethics and Compliance

Customer Privacy &amp; Data Protection

Legal Compliance and Corporate Governance

Being a listed company on the SGX-ST, we complied to the 

highest standards of corporate governance as required by 

the Catalist Rules. 

Our corporate governance framework covers ethics and 

compliance through a Code of Conduct as well as action 

guidelines which are to be adhered to by the officers and 

employees across our organisation. 

Corporate governance and legal compliance have always 

been one of the top priorities for the Group. The decision-

making process in the Group is strictly in line with legal 

and regulatory requirements and in compliance, including 

but not limited to, with the Code of Corporate Governance 

issued by Monetary Authority of Singapore ("MAS") and 

the guidelines of the Building and Construction Authority 

(“BCA”), National Environmental Agency (“NEA”) and 

Ministry of Manpower (“MOM”).

GOVERNANCE

The Company has not received any correspondences or 

notifications in relation to any material non-compliance of 

regulatory requirements in FY2018. The Audit Committee 

did not receive any whistle-blowing letters during the year. 

Please refer to the corporate governance report in our 

annual report FY2018.

Communication channels are in place to enable all 

employees and individuals engaged in our business activities 

to report complaints of unethical behaviour. We have a 

designated officer who maintains a register of incidences 

regarding ethics and compliance issues and escalates 

material incidents to management where appropriate.

We strictly observe all local laws and internal regulations 

applicable to personal information protection.

For the collection and disposal of wastepaper, we work with 

our office cleaning personnel for handling and reselling of 

wastepaper to recovery companies for pragmatic reasons. 

Every individual is responsible for shredding all papers, 

including confidential documents, before disposing into 

paper recycling boxes situated near the photocopiers 

and printers. Such practices established within our office 

provide us with the confidence that sensitive information is 

protected during the whole life cycle of our documents.

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 13


ENVIRONMENT

Our Approach

We are committed to maintain and build on the same 

stringent environmental policies and standards across 

our holding company and subsidiaries. We target to 

adopt innovative technologies for our core businesses 

to reduce waste and increase efficiency. In addition, we 

In FY2018, our GHG emission efficiency index stands at 3.1 

tonnes-CO2/Mil.SGD, as indicated below.

strive to reduce energy consumption for our dormitory and 

corporate office. We recognise our responsibility to protect 

the environment for the health and well-being of future 

generations.

We recognise that effective management in monitoring 

our carbon footprint can reduce operating costs, raise 

brand profile, create a competitive edge and increase 

stakeholder value. Our carbon footprint is measured in 

terms of Greenhouse Gas (“GHG”) emissions. 

Direct and indirect CO2 emissions as measured in GHG 

emissions are measured in tonnes (t-CO2) and kilowatt 

Hours (kWh), mainly from fuel consumed. The fuel we 

purchase is from non-renewable sources.

As our business and functions grow over time, our GHG 

emissions vary. To ensure consistency and comparability of 

the GHG emission measures over time, we have created 

a GHG emission index for our performance monitoring. 

The indexes adjust the GHG emissions for the size of our 

activities. We normalise the amount of GHG emissions 

by the amount of our revenues which we use as a proxy 

of the size of our activities. The GHG emission index is 

measured in t-CO2 per million SGD .

Our GHG emission is predominantly indirect (Scope 2) 

emission. We have insignificant direct (Scope 1) emission, 

and we do not include the GHG emissions generated by 

our suppliers (Scope 3).

In view of the changes to and dynamism of our business 

and operations, we established our GHG emission 

efficiency index for consistent tracking of our carbon 

footprint over time.

To this end, we have set a target for GHG emission 

efficiency improvement of 10% from our 2017 level by 

2030. Although various business lines and operations 

account for varying GHG emissions across the 

organisation, they all support this target and have aligned 

our environmental objectives accordingly.

Carbon Footprint &amp;  Greenhouse Gases Emission

   GHG Emission Index

FY2017

FY2018

   (t-CO2 / million SGD)  

3.1

3.1

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 14


* Source: The Green and Gracious Builder Guide

2

We have embraced international environmental system, 

such as ISO 14001, and our green practices in our business 

operations has been recognised in the form of the Green 

and Gracious Builders Award from BCA in 2016 

We were committed to using light weight penal, eco 

green and recycled materials at our construction sites as 

well as recommending five (5) tag air-conditioners to our 

customers in ACMV projects. The Green and Gracious 

Builders Award aims to raise environmental consciousness 

and professionalism among builders. It recognises builders 

who take the effort to address environmental and public 

concerns arising from construction works and serves to 

develop a more positive image of the industry over time.

The ISO 14000 family of standards provides practical 

tools for companies and organisations of all kinds looking 

to manage their environmental responsibilities. ISO 

14001:2015 sets out the criteria for an environmental 

management system and can be certified to. It maps out 

a framework that a company or organisation can follow to 

set up an effective environmental management system. It 

can be used by any organisation regardless of its activity 

or sector. Using ISO 14001:2015 provides assurance 

to our management and employees as well as external 

stakeholders that environmental impact is being measured 

and improved.

BCA launched the Green and Gracious Builder Scheme 

in February 2009. The scheme was introduced to raise 

the environmental consciousness and professionalism of 

ENVIRONMENT

builders. It is also a benchmark of a builder’s corporate social 

responsibility to the environment and the general public. 

Apart from setting standards for green practices, it also sets 

standards for gracious practices. These gracious practices 

will improve the image of our builders and the construction 

industry particularly among neighbours and residents, some 

of whom may have been affected by construction activities 

near them. BCA’s efforts at developing a sustainable built 

environment have gained sufficient momentum and have 

been well accepted by the industry. Many have responded 

enthusiastically to the BCA Green Mark Scheme – a scheme 

that recognises the efforts of developers, architects and 

engineers in contributing to environmental sustainability in 

their development projects. However, one of the key players 

in the construction value chain, the builders, has not been 

well recognised. It is important to recognise that they also 

contribute to environmental sustainability and environmental 

protection when they “go green” and adopt environmentally-

friendly construction site management practices. 

Given the high visibility and impact of construction works, 

it is also important for builders to be socially responsible 

to the environment, neighbours and the general public by 

being committed to gracious practices during construction. 

Together with the BCA Green Mark Scheme, this scheme 

will form part of the holistic framework to shape a 

sustainable built environment for Singapore. *

Promoting Green Practices

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 15


SOCIAL

Employee Management &amp; Wellness

Our people are our most valuable resource and investing 

in their professional development is vital to our business 

sustainability. Our goal is to establish work ethics among 

our employees which are in line with our core values and 

code of conduct. They are the foundation upon which we 

build all our business initiatives and conduct our day-to-day 

activities.

We recognise that a motivated workforce will convey 

a positive and powerful message to all our key 

stakeholders, such as our customers, suppliers and the 

members of the community. By attracting, nurturing, 

empowering and rewarding our employees, we create an 

environment conducive for innovation to further boost our 

competitiveness. Such commitment to our employees 

promotes a corporate culture of passion, quality, excellence 

and trust within the organisation which enhances our ability 

to create value for our stakeholders.

Our Human Resource (HR) management principles and 

policies have been developed and established based 

on fair employment practices with the goal of attracting, 

developing and retaining a robust motivated workforce. 

Our HR policies cover key areas such as remuneration, 

benefits, staff selection, career development and training. 

Such policies are communicated to all employees through 

our comprehensive Employee Handbook which is regularly 

reviewed by the management and we constantly seek 

feedback from our staff to ensure that our decisions are 

aligned as much as possible with their needs.

Our business operates in an environment which comprises 

diverse races, cultures and geographic locations. With 

this in mind, our HR polices are implemented across the 

organisation with pragmatism, taking into consideration 

the prevailing laws and regulations as well as local culture, 

norms and racial sensitivity.

100+t

100% 7+93+t

93%

7%

FY2017

Proportion (%)

FY2018

Proportion (%)

     Singapore

735

100

860

93

     Malaysia

0

0

64

7

 Total

735

100

924

100

Number of Employees

2017

2018

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 16

Our Approach


Our employment practices focus on maximising the strength 

of our employees by providing equal opportunities based on 

merit, and help our employees to develop strength through 

our comprehensive training and development programme. 

We regularly review the competency and development of 

As our Company grows, effective communications across 

the organisation are crucial to ensure continuous alignment 

of objectives of the employees and the organisational 

objectives. We achieve this through our various 

communication sessions customised based on the target 

employees. Communication sessions for our managers are 

held on a regular basis. Agendas covered at these sessions 

We proactively pursue and adopt best practices in 

HR management. Our HR practices are guided by the 

Singapore Tripartite Alliance for Fair and Progressive 

Employment Practices. The Singapore Tripartite Alliance 

comprises the Ministry of Manpower, Singapore National 

We value our employees’ expertise in their areas of 

responsibilities. Therefore, their feedback is important in the 

improvement of overall management and the operation of 

the organisation. 

Through various established processes of employee 

engagement, such as employee objective setting, 

performance review as well as exit interviews in the case 

of resignations, we gather such valuable feedback for the 

continuous improvement of our organisation.

SOCIAL

our employees to effectively match their strengths to their 

job specifications. Our performance based reward scheme 

provides guidance and motivation to our employees to 

perform to their potentials in alignment with the objectives of 

the company.

are customised in a manner appropriate to the target 

functional scope of the managers. 

For example, in the monthly managers’ meeting, operational 

agendas such as leadership and operation issues may be 

discussed while at the quarterly sessions, the high level 

topics include strategic business directions, new service 

launches, ongoing developments and key project reviews.

Employers Federation and National Trades Union Congress. 

The Tripartite Alliance has formulated guidelines on fair 

employment practice for adoption by Singapore employers, 

embracing the recruitment, training, treatment and reward 

of employees.

In addition, there are other feedback channels for areas 

specific to business and functions, such as our whistle-

blowing policy on control and compliance issues. Such 

feedback is managed by the leaders and managers of the 

specific business and function domains. We have also 

established reporting and escalation channels should the 

feedback require the attention of higher management.

Communications

The Tripartite Guidelines on Fair Employment Practices

Employee Feedback Mechanism

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 17

Fair Employment Practices


Our business thrives on diversity. As such, we leverage on 

a host of strengths and skills that can only come from a 

diverse workforce embracing employees from various ethnic 

groups, religion, age and gender.

Our employees comprise of citizens from 9 nationalities. 

They are recruited based on their academic qualifications 

and technical skillsets. We provide the necessary training 

required to enable all employees to perform their roles and 

responsibilities effectively within the Group.

All members of our senior management team, including 

general managers, directors and unit heads, majority are 

Singaporean and Malaysian. Given the labour requirements 

of the building and construction industry, we have a 

high composition of 84.8% of foreign workers within our 

organisations

SOCIAL

Training &amp; Staff Development

FY2017 Proportion 

(%)

FY2018 Proportion 

(%)

Singapore

82

11.2

77

8.33

Malaysia

84

11.43

163

17.64

Indian

254

34.56

235

25.43

Sri Lanka

2

0.27

4

0.43

Myanmar

35

4.76

36

3.90

PRC

76

10.34

159

17.21

Filipino

16

2.18

30

3.25

Bangladeshi

190

25.8

213

23.05

Australian

0

0

1

0.38

Iranian

1

0.14

1

0.38

Total

735

100

924

100

Citizenship

FY2017 Proportion 

(%)

FY2018 Proportion 

(%)

Citizen

77

10.5

146

15.8

Permanent 

Resident

50

6.8

49

5.31

Foreigner

608

82.7

729

78.91

Total

735

100

924

100

Number of Employees by Nationality

Nationalities

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 18







10



+7



+83



+t

11+11+34+1+5+10+2+24+1+1+t

8+18+25+1+3+17+3+23+1+1+t

16



+5



+79



+t

6.8%

5.31%

82.7%

78.91%

10.5%

15.8%

FY2017

FY2017

FY2018

FY2018


From an age profile perspective, we have a relatively young 

workforce with 35.93% of employees below 30 years old. 

The proportion of employees between 30 and 55 years old 

was 61.47% as compared to employees above 56 years old 

of 2.6%. 

In terms of gender diversity, the ratio of male to female 

employees, comprising 88.42% : 11.58% of our workforce. 

This is largely due to the labour intensive nature of the 

building &amp; construction industry. Moreover, we have 1 

female board member (Ms Gwendolyn Gn) among our panel 

of 5 Board members.

SOCIAL

Age Distribution

FY2017 Proportion 

(%)

FY2018 Proportion 

(%)

&lt; 30 years old

301

41.0

332

35.93

31 to 40 years old

285

38.8

388

41.99

41 to 55 years old

129

17.6

180

19.48

&gt; 56 years old

20

2.7

24

2.60

TOTAL

735

100

924

100

Gender 

Diversity

FY2017 Proportion 

(%)

FY2018 Proportion 

(%)

Male

647

88

817

88.42

Female

88

12

107

11.58

Total

735

100

924

100

Age Distribution

Gender Diversity

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 19

41



+39



+17



+3+t

36



+42



+19



+3+t

2.7%

2.6%

41.0%

35.93%

17.6%

19.48%

38.8%

41.99%

FY2017

FY2018











88



+12



+t

88%

12%

FY2017

88



+12



+t

88.42%

11.58%

FY2018


SOCIAL

Career Development and Training

In addition to the human resources we manage under 

our payroll internally, we also engage external contracted 

companies as our outsourced vendors which provide 

outsourced personnel, such as cleaners and security guards 

who might work within our premises. Although we supervise 

these people, they are employed by the contracted 

companies and are not included in our head count. We do 

not employ other types of un-contracted workers.

We recognise that consistent and ongoing education is 

critical to maintaining a competitive, skilled, productive and 

motivated workforce. Employee career development and 

training opportunities are prepared based on merit and 

contributions towards the organisation objectives through 

objective setting and regular performance reviews. We 

continue to review and improve our people development 

and learning process in light of the changing business and 

operation environment.

Our training programme covers a variety of areas catering 

to employees with difference job scopes and skills set 

requirements. Our core training curriculum and contents 

are developed and guided by well-established industry 

and international standards such as ISO 9100, ISO 

14000, OHSAS 18001 and bizSAFE. In addition, specific 

training curriculums are developed based on the specific 

requirements of the specific businesses and functions. 

Training topics range from soft skills development in areas 

such as communication and leadership, to technical 

In FY2018, the Group registered a total of 1921 hours of 

training and an average training hours of 2.25 hours of 

training. 

We expect that all the contracted companies we work 

with will share our core principles of HR management 

practices. In our vendor selection process, we take into 

consideration their HR management practices as one of the 

key selection and performance criteria. We regularly review 

the performance of our vendors based on these criteria as 

a key basis to determine whether to continue to engage the 

vendors with their services.

FY2017

FY2018

Total Number of Staff 

735

924

Total Training Hours

2488.5 hr

1921hr

Average Training Hours Per 

Employee

3.39 hr

2.08 hr

Training Hours

programmes covering project management and office 

productivity tools.

In light of the changing business requirements and 

opportunities in variety of training methodologies, we 

continue to revise our training curriculum and programme 

to align with our organisation objectives and to strive for 

effectiveness and efficiency in our training approach.

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 20


Employee Benefits

All non-managerial employees in Singapore are covered 

by the Employment Act (Chapter 91) of Singapore, which 

provides basic employment terms and working conditions 

including contract requirements, remuneration, hours of 

work, overtime, rest days and annual leave entitlement.

SOCIAL

In addition to the statutory benefits outlined in the 

Employment Act, we provide beyond-compliance level 

benefits to our full-time employees. Examples of these 

benefits include vacation, marriage and compassionate 

leaves.

While developing the talents of our employees and providing 

equal opportunities for them to excel are the key drivers for 

our Company, we also recognise that the well-being and 

contentment of our employees are pivotal to the success 

and sustainability of our business and performance. Our 

employees are our most valuable asset, and we appreciate 

that their overall well-being needs to be well looked after in 

order for them to sustain their performance and realise their 

full potential. To support our employees to strike a work-

life balance, we aim to create an environment that allows 

Our company has a presence in various geographic 

locations where there are various local laws and regulations 

on pension and healthcare for employees. Our HR 

management practices comply with such laws and 

regulations. 

In Singapore, we participate in the Central Provident Fund 

(“CPF”) personal savings scheme, which helps employees 

to fund their retirement, home ownership, healthcare and 

Work–Life Balance

Retirement and Healthcare

our employees to achieve harmony in their personal and 

professional life. We intend to adopt a flexible approach to 

work arrangements and offering programmes to support 

health and wellness.We understand that the workplace 

can be at times stressful due to the competitiveness of our 

workforce and our business. To support our employees in 

their effort of pursuing excellence, we will launch various 

programmes and initiatives to balance their work with fun, 

and to development an environment and culture of mutual 

support.

education. Under this scheme, monthly deductions from the 

employees’ gross salaries are paid into their CPF savings 

accounts. We make employer contributions to these 

accounts, according to the rates stipulated in the CPF Act 

(Chapter 36) of Singapore. In addition to CPF contributions, 

we provide comprehensive medical coverage for all 

employees. For more information on the CPF scheme and 

the contribution rates, please go to www.cpf.gov.sg.

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 21


SOCIAL

Libra is committed in embracing best practices in Workplace 

Safety and Health (“WSH”) and environmental systems 

within the company, together with its subsidiaries. We are 

guided by the steadfast commitment to our employees for 

a safe working environment which they can work and excel 

in safely with full confidence. The Group has adhered fully 

to the WSH requirements as set by the Workplace Safety 

and Health Council of Singapore (“WSHC”) and Ministry 

of Manpower. We have rigorously put in place not only the 

safety measures, but also the risk management guidelines 

for Workplace Safety and Health Hazards in Construction 

and Landscape Industries. Moreover, we have adopted local 

as well as international WSH system and practices for our 

Company.

We have attained bizSafe certifications for our divisions. At 

the same time, Libra has adopted ISO 9001 and OHSAS 

18001 system across our Company.

Environmental, health and safety issues are key priorities 

in the Company’s overall business management. The 

management team sets a strong foundation by providing 

Respecting and protecting basic human rights is 

fundamental to all our operations and deeply ingrained 

in our Code of Conduct, which applies to all employees. 

Labour rights, the prohibition of discrimination and 

harassment, protection of privacy, prohibition of forced and 

child labour, and workplace, safety and health are all strictly 

observed within the work environment, and discrimination 

and harassment of any kind is not tolerated at our company.

Safety and Health in the Workplace

 Individual Rights

clear direction within the organisation of the value of an 

effective occupational health and safety management 

approach to foster risk-free and environmentally-friendly 

premises.

We have also incorporated the WSH safety standards 

within our business practices. Beyond Libra’s own business 

operations, we have also implemented specifications 

on safety requirements and standards in the vendor 

selection process for all our projects. In our development 

and enhancement activities, we ensure that we work 

with qualified contractors and hold them responsible 

for the management of the required health and safety 

standards. Our sub-contractors are required to submit 

risk assessments and safety work procedures prior to the 

commencement of the project works.

We also respect our employees’ rights to freedom of 

association as well as their membership of trade unions and 

other professional bodies.

In FY2018, none of our workforce was covered by a 

collective bargaining agreement. No incidents offorced 

labour, child labour or young workers were identified across 

the organisation. No human rights-related grievances have 

been reported.

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 22




Customer Satisfaction

Customer service, quality products and the highest level 

of product safety have always been our priorities, with 

customer satisfaction being the goal of all our corporate 

activities. As customer trust and retention starts with our 

people and products, we place the utmost importance in 

training our employees in customer service excellence and 

in continuously striving to improve the quality and safety of 

our products and services.

Open and frequent communication and responsive 

feedback are ingrained into our daily activities with customer 

We listen to our customers and take their opinions very 

seriously. We consolidate customers' feedbacks through 

a range of communication channels including our website, 

a dedicated hotline, regular customer survey, and our 

customer service personnel. 

Reliability and quality of our products and services are 

of paramount importance to us. Safety and health of our 

customers is always our priority. 

To ensure product safety to our customers, we have in place 

a set of key quality assurance processes and standards, 

such as ISO 9001, OHSAS 18001, bizSAFE, BCA Green 

SOCIAL

interaction. In addition to striving for excellence in product 

service and support, we attach enormous importance to 

data privacy. We have processes and controls in place over 

confidential and sensitive data related to our customers 

such as contracts.

Since 2011, we have been certified under the ISO 9001 

standard for quality management systems. The certification 

has helped us increase the control of our internal processes 

and the quality of our services.

Through our customer feedback system, we capture our 

customers’ comments for analysis and action. Customer 

compliments are also tracked so that we can monitor where 

we are getting things right and cascade positive feedback 

to our employees, to their superiors and to our CEO.

&amp; Gracious, to ensure compliance with regulations and 

international standards.

Ultimately, we aim to totally eliminate product safety 

incidents so as to foster a ‘Safety First’ culture through our 

employee training and quality control.

Our Approach

Customer Feedback and Satisfaction

Product Quality and Safety

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 23


Target:

We plan to enforce our supplier’s review with environmental and sustainability factors in 1 to 3 years.

Supplier Selection

Our Approach

Supplier Review

As part of our ambition to realise sustainability throughout 

our value chain, we extend the application of responsible 

business practices to our local partners and suppliers. We 

recognise that we are only at the beginning of our journey 

to integrate sustainable business practices throughout 

our supply chain, and we are committed to continuous 

improvement. 

As part of our ambition to realise sustainability throughout 

our value chain, we extend the application of responsible 

business practices to our local partners and suppliers. We 

recognise that we are only at the beginning of our journey 

to integrate sustainable business practices throughout 

our supply chain, and we are committed to continuous 

improvement. 

We regularly review the performance of our key suppliers 

to determine whether to extend our partnership with them. 

During the key supplier review process, we engage with 

our key suppliers to communicate our expectations and 

mutual feedback. Such a review process ensures alignment 

SOCIAL

We aim to identify new opportunities for collaboration with 

our suppliers and continue to build shared capacity to 

minimise our indirect environmental and social impacts.

We aim to identify new opportunities for collaboration with 

our suppliers and continue to build shared capacity to 

minimise our indirect environmental and social impacts.

of our key suppliers’ services and products to our business 

requirements and sustainability objectives through pragmatic 

and continuous improvement in our partnership with our key 

suppliers.

Partnering Our Suppliers

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 24


Our Approach

Libra is conscientious of our corporate responsibility as 

a responsible corporate citizen and we constantly seek 

to contribute and share the fruits of our labour with the 

community.

The key motivation driving all our community engagement 

initiatives is to enable and empower the elderly in a rapidly 

ageing Singapore. We must respect and care for our seniors 

who are an integral part of our society. Libra will do our best 

to help our seniors in their golden years, which includes the 

supply of medical items and food as well as the gifting of 

Chinese New Year red packets containing small donations 

to share our blessings.

We also recognise that meeting the needs of today’s 

elderly goes beyond their own care, security and well-

being, extending to that of their families, homes and 

neighbourhoods as well. To this end, our engagement 

programmes also encompass financial and practical support 

in carefully selected communities, through fundraising and 

voluntary activities.

SOCIAL

Our community initiatives are selected according to 

how closely they are aligned with our own community 

engagement goals of “we listen you talk”, the anticipated 

staff participation rate, and the tangible impact on the 

beneficiary. Separately, we also engage in other community 

initiatives on an ad-hoc basis. All our business units and 

some of our channel partners are involved in our community 

engagement programmes.

The culture and spirit of giving back to our society are 

ingrained into our company’s vision, and reflects our 

commitment to supporting our community.

The culture and spirit of giving back to our society are 

ingrained into our company’s vision, and reflects our 

commitment to supporting our community.

Support for Our Community

Target:

We plan to increase our community contribution by 20% in 1 to 3 years. 

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 25


Topic Specific Standard Disclosure

Page Reference

Organisational Profile

102-1

Name of the organisation.

2

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

2

102-3

Location of headquarters

2

102-4

Location of operations

2

102-5

Ownership and legal form

2-3

102-6

Markets served

2-3

102-7

Scale of the organisation

2-3

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

22-25

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain

 

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

 6-7

Strategy 

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

 1

102-15

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

 1

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior

13-15

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics

13-15

Governance 

102-18

Governance structure

6

102-19

Delegating authority

6

102-20

Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, 

and social topics

6

102-21

Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, 

and social topics

6

102-22

Composition of the highest governance body and its committees

6

102-23

Chair of the highest governance body

6

102-24

Nominating and selecting the highest governance body

6

102-25

Conflicts of interest

6

102-26

Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values, 

and strategy

6

102-27

Collective knowledge of highest governance body

6

102-28

Evaluating the highest governance body’s performance

6

102-29

Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social 

impacts

6

102-30

Effectiveness of risk management processes

14

102-31

Review of economic, environmental, and social topics

10-30

102-32

Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting

6

102-33

Communicating critical concerns

8

102-34

Nature and total number of critical concerns

9

102-35

Remuneration policies

24

102-36

Process for determining remuneration

24

102-37

Stakeholders’ involvement in remuneration

24

GRI Content Index 

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 26


Topic Specific Standard Disclosure

Page Reference 

Stakeholder Engagement  

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

8

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

8

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

8

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

8

Reporting Practice 

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

3

102-46

Defining report content and topic Boundaries

5-7

102-47

List of material topics

9

102-48

Restatements of information

N.A. This is our first report

102-49

Changes in reporting

N.A. This is our first report

102-50

Reporting period

7

102-51

Date of most recent report

7

102-52

Reporting cycle

7

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

Contents page 

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

6

102-55

GRI content index

30-33

Management Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

6-7, 9

103-2

The management approach and its components

6-7

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

6-7

Specific Standard Disclosures

Category: Economic

Topic: Economic Performance

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

10-11

Topic: Market Presence

202-2

Proportion of senior management hired from the local community

24

Topic: Anti-corruption 

 

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption

13-15

205-2

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and 

procedures

13-15

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

13-15

Topic: Energy 

302-1

Energy consumption within the organisation

17

Topic: Water 

303-1

Water withdrawal by source

20

Topic: Emissions  

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

17

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

17

Topic: Effluents and Waste

306-1

Water discharge by quality and destination

20

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

20

306-3

Significant spills

21

306-4

Transport of hazardous waste

21

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 27


Topic Specific Standard Disclosure

Page Reference 

Topic: Labor/Management Relations 

402-1

Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes

28

Topic: Occupational Health and Safety 

 

403-1

Workers representation in formal joint management–worker health 

and safety committees

26

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost 

days, and absenteeism, and number of work-related fatalities

26

403-3

Workers with high incidence or high risk of diseases related to 

their occupation

26-27

404-4

Health and safety topics covered in formal agreements with trade 

unions

26-27

Topic: Training and Education 

 

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

25

404-2

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance 

programs

25

404-3

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and 

career development reviews

25

Topic: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

 

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

22

Topic: Non-discrimination 

 

406-1

Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken

22

Topic: Local Communities 

 

413-1

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programs

29

413-2

Operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts 

on local communities

29

Topic: Customer Health and Safety 

 

416-1

Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and 

service categories

26-27

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety 

impacts of products and services

26-27

Aspect: Marketing and Labeling 

 

417-1

Requirements for product and service information and labeling

14

417-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service 

information and labeling

14

417-3

Incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing 

communications

14

Aspect: Customer Privacy 

 

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer 

privacy and losses of customer data

29

Aspect: Socioeconomic Compliance  

 

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and 

economic area

28

LIBRA GROUP LIMITED | Sustainability Report 2018 28

