


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 








 

1 | P a g e  

 

Contents 

 

Statement from the Board .......................................................................................................................... 2 

About this Report ........................................................................................................................... 3 

Sustainability efforts at Lion Asiapac Limited ............................................................................................ 4 

Governance ............................................................................................................................................... 9 

Our Operations ........................................................................................................................................ 10 

Our Employees ........................................................................................................................................ 11 

Economic ................................................................................................................................................. 14 

Environment ............................................................................................................................................. 16 

Feedback ..................................................................................................................................... 16 

GRI Content Index – Core Option ............................................................................................................ 19 

 

 

 

 

 




 

2 | P a g e  

 

 

Statement from the Board 

 

The Board of Directors is pleased to present Lion Asiapac Limited’s (“LAP”) fourth Sustainability 

Report for the financial year 2021 (“FY2021”). LAP is committed to sustainable business 

practices that help to enhance stakeholder trust and the value of our brand.  

 

To effectively discharge our responsibility, the Board has assigned the monitoring and 

overseeing the management of ESG factors to the Sustainability Committee (“SC”), which is 

headed by the Executive Director. The SC comprises key executives from the Group and 

representatives from the respective business functions. Together, we consider sustainability 

issues as an integral part of our strategic formulation, oversee the identification and 

management of risks and opportunities relating to ESG issues which are material to our 

business.  

 

This report describes the identification of the ESG factors material to the LAP Group, which 

refers to the quicklime and hydrated lime, and trading businesses, and the policies, practices 

and performance relating to these ESG factors, as well as the targets for FY2021.  

 

It is prepared in alignment with the sustainability reporting regulatory requirements of the 

Singapore Exchange, and with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative Standards.  

 

The Company is committed to making improvements to its sustainability efforts in areas such as 

good corporate governance, transparency and accountability, and does so through a set of 

internal policies, structures and procedures. The Company will continue to work with its 

stakeholders towards promoting sustainability in its businesses. 




 

3 | P a g e  

 

About this Report 

 

This report includes the environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) practices of our 

business operations in Singapore and Malaysia.  

 

For the preparation of this report, no third parties assurances has been engaged.  

 

In line with LAP’s continued commitment to environmental sustainability, no hard copies 

of this document have been printed. This report and previous editions are available on 

the company’s website at http://www.lionasiapac.com/index.php/investors. 

 

As part of our ongoing journey to champion sustainability, this report aims to share the 

initiatives and progress we have made during the financial year. Our strategic 

operations, namely the production of quicklime, quicklime powder and hydrated lime, 

are located in West Malaysia. The group’s Singapore operation manages the trading of 

steel consumables.  

 

As the COVID-19 pandemic wears on, its impact is obviously felt in every region, every 

industry, and indeed every aspect of life. It ushered in the opportunity to rethink how we 

work. It’s a sea change that occurs less than once in a generation and has the potential 

to reshape society in countless ways. The next normal is going to be different. LAP is 

responding to this transition in terms of business viability, people health and safety, 

supply chain, compliance with laws and regulations, digital transformation of the 

business practices, et cetera. We will continue to navigate the difficult times by 

engaging our staff, customers, suppliers, and other business partners, and deliver a 

sustainable result to our stakeholders. 

 

With lime manufacturing as our core business, our plants are optimised with the most 

advanced technology to reduce wastage. During the year, we strive to keep our plant 

and equipment in optimal condition to deliver as best a quality of our products as we 

could. Our lime products have been a vital part of everyday life in the communities. 

Clean air, portable water and fertile soil are just to name a few examples of its 

applications, contributing to a greener place to live in.   

 

Our operations are supported by our most valuable asset, our employees. Health and 

safety are the utmost priority. We have implemented safe distancing measures and 

work from home practices in our effort to keep the threat of COVID-19 at bay.  We 

continue to review our practices with the view to aligning the welfare of our employees 

to our business’s sustainability strategy. 

 

 




 

4 | P a g e  

 

 

Sustainability efforts at Lion Asiapac 

 

Sustainability Initiative 

 

Partnerships and good community relations are critical for our operations.  

 

Following collaboration with all relevant stakeholders, LAP ensures that their representations 

are appropriately identified and that adequate information, including both benefits and negative 

impacts, are conveyed to the affected.  

 

Our initiative considers respect for human rights in the workplace, ban on forced and child 

labour, elimination of discrimination, provision of fair wages and working hours, and respect for 

freedom of association, the provision of a healthy and safe working environment, ethical 

conduct, including efforts to eliminate corruption. 

 

We strongly believe in responsible sourcing, where through collaboration with suppliers, we 

ensure that all limestone originates from legal and responsible sources. 

 

Sustainability Committee 

 

In achieving its sustainability goals, the Board sets up its own sustainability team which 

comprises key management personnel. While the Board is responsible for formulating corporate 

sustainability strategies, the sustainability team focuses on implementing sustainability 

strategies, identifying and addressing emerging sustainability issues.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 









































































Human 

Resource 

Finance 

Operations 




 

5 | P a g e  

 

 

Sustainability Committee 

 

The Executive Director chairs the Committee, which meets annually, or whenever needed, to 

plan and review the progress of our sustainability efforts.      

 

The Board receives briefings on relevant ESG matters and consider these ESG risks when 

evaluating the group strategy. 

 

 

Sustainability Approach 

 

Good corporate governance, environmental sustainability and social growth are integral to the 

Group’s business strategy. 

 

Sustainability and social responsibility principles form the foundation of LAP’s corporate values, 

regarding ethical actions and professional behaviour for management and employees. 

 

In addition to corporate governance activities, the Group’s risk management also anticipates 

commercial opportunities and mitigates risks to preserve value over the long term. Strategic, 

operational and commercial risks are evaluated through a precautionary approach. 

 

 

Sustainability Scope 

 

The scope of this report covers two significant business segments including Malaysia and 

Singapore. 




 

6 | P a g e  

 



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

 

Materiality Assessment 

 

Our assessment is guided by the GRI reporting framework. Through the ongoing process of interaction 

with stakeholders, the sustainability committee has reviewed the material factors to reflect the changes 

over the last year.   These are the material factors which have been identified: 

 

 

The material factors are mapped into the chart below reflecting the stakeholders importance against the 

impact on our business.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




 

7 | P a g e  

 

 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

The Sustainability Reports is published every year in accordance with the SGX requirements and 

GRI Standards. We have not engaged third party assurance. 

 

Report content has been determined based on ongoing stakeholder dialogue and a review of issues 

that are critical to LAP. 

 

Based on our analyses and discussions with management team, we have reviewed our materiality 

matrix to reflect the changes in stakeholder expectations over the last year.  

 

LAP employs a variety of ways to engage its stakeholders and act upon the feedback received. 

These stakeholder engagements contribute towards continuous improvement, strong accountability, 

informed decision-making and proactive management of sustainability risks and opportunities. 

 

As part of the business transformation process, the Group reviewed inputs from management, 

employees, independent consultants, comparative studies in the sector and region as well as 

feedback from the investment community to identify and map stakeholders who influence, or are 

influenced by, LAP and its operations. The process additionally established the objective of 

engagement, channels of communication and methods to cultivate relationships that create mutual 

value and shared trust. 

 

LAP’s stakeholders include customers, vendors, technology partners, contractors and regulatory 

bodies. In general, government ministries are local to the Group’s countries of operation. 

 

LAP engaged with the following stakeholders:  

 

(a) 

Customers: Regular meetings, platforms to network and build relationships, quotations, 

corporate website and emails; 

 

(b) 

Business partners: Quotations and requests for proposals, regular dialogue platforms; 

 

(c) 

Employees: Regular reviews and appraisals, employee dialogue sessions, intranet platform 

for policies, development programmes and training workshops/courses, meet the 

management sessions; 

 

(d) 

Financial community: results announcements, annual general meetings, corporate website 

and emails; and 

 

(e) 

Government and industry partners: Formal communications with regulatory authorities. 

 

 

The Key topics and concerns of stakeholders are as follows: 

 

(a) 

Customers:  

Ability to offer competitive and cost-efficient products which are safe and environmentally 

responsible, flexibility to work together, clear channels of bilateral communication, 

compliance with customers’ product requirements, timely delivery of products; 

 

(b) 

Business partners:  

Terms and conditions of purchasing policies and Agreements, clear two-way communication 

channels, opportunities for growth and collaboration; 

 

 

 

 




 

8 | P a g e  

 

(c) 

Employees:  

Conducive workplace, nurturing environment, fair labour practices and compensation, career 

growth/personal development opportunities, dynamic two-day communication platforms; 

 

(d) 

Financial community:  

Business resilience and financial performance, timely information, transparent, open and 

effective communication, responsible management, corporate governance and compliance; 

 

(e) 

Government and industry partners:  

Compliance with regulations, collaborative efforts to share knowledge, joint development and 

deployment of best practices; and  

 

(f) 

Customers:  

Ability to offer competitive and cost-efficient products which are safe and environmentally 

responsible, flexibility to work together, clear channels of bilateral communication, 

compliance with customers’ product requirements, timely delivery of products. 

 

 

 

 




 

9 | P a g e  

 

Governance 

 

Code of Business Ethics and Conduct &amp; Anti-Corruption Policy 

 

We have a culture of zero tolerance for solicitation or bribery. Ethics is emphasised through all levels 

of employees through the above policies.  These policies are executed through the annual 

compulsory declaration of conflict of interest for all employees within a controlled period.  

 

Communication of anti-

corruption policy and 

declaration of conflict of 

interest to employees 

 

FY2020 

 

FY2021 

 

Target FY2022 

 

 

 

100% 

 

 

 

100% 

 

 

 

100% 

 

Securities Transaction 

 

LAP adopts a compliance code which establishes the framework of dealing in the securities of the 

company by employees. Officers who have access to price sensitive information are prohibited from 

dealing in the securities of LAP within specified time frames. This is in accordance with fair market 

practices and prevents contravening of the law.   

 

Audit Committee and Internal Audit 

 

The Audit Committee (AC), reviews all the operations within LAP to assess the risk likelihood of 

corruption. The internal audit department conducts independent investigations under the instructions 

of the AC and the Board. The AC also reviews existing policy and procedures to prevent the 

occurrence of corruption.  

 

Whistle Blowing Policy 

 

The whistle blowing policy is in place to encourage ethical reporting and to allay all fears of adverse 

repercussions.  Genuine whistle blowers are protected from any unfair treatment resulting from their 

report and allows the matters to be reported directly to the AC.  

 

The AC considers the nature of the matter and further independent investigations may be carried out 

by the internal audit department.  

 

Enterprise Risk Management 

 

LAP maintains an enterprise risk framework which manages the risk of failure in achieving strategic 

objectives. Under this framework, all key operations are required to carry out a self-assessment 

exercise on a yearly basis.  

 

This risk assessment requires key operations to identify risks, assess risk likelihood and impacts, 

and consider the effectiveness of the existing controls. All operation heads of department are 

involved in these assessments and are required to provide a written assurance to the adequacy and 

effectiveness of their departmental internal control system and risk management. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Incidents in relation to 

non-compliance and 

business ethics 

 

FY2020 

 

FY2021 

 

Target FY2022 

 

Nil 

 

Nil 

 

Nil 




 

10 | P a g e  

 



 

 

 

Our Operations 

 

LAP is headquartered in Singapore and has been listed on the mainboard of the  

Singapore Stock Exchange since 1981.  

 

              

 

Lime Manufacturing 

 

Established in 2004, Compact Energy Sdn Bhd (CESB) is a wholly owned  

subsidiary of LAP. based in Banting Selangor, Malaysia. 

 

CESB has 2 units of 600 metric tons per day (MTPD)  

twin-shaft circular Maerz limekiln with annual  

production capacity of 430,000 MT quicklime,  

and 1 unit of 200 MTPD hydrated lime plant with an  

annual output capacity of 72,000 MT. 

 

The uses of quicklime and hydrated lime include: 

 

 

Steel manufacturing 

 

Soil stabilization 

 

Sugar production 

 

Portable water treatment 

 

Air pollution abatement 

 

 

Steel Consumables Trading 

 

 

LAP Trading and Marketing Pte Ltd deals in steel  

Manufacturing consumables such as steel scraps,  

electrodes., etc.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




 

11 | P a g e  

 











Below 30

40%

31‐50

50%

Above 50

10%

Age





Our Employees 

 

People is the most important to the sustainability of our group. Our emphasis in the welfare of our 

employees can be seen in our dedication to ensure a healthy and ethical work environment. Our 

operating policies and procedures are all testaments to our effort in this regard.  

 

Diversity 

 

We have a total of 56 employees in our Malaysian operation. Employees at the headquarters in 

Singapore consists entirely of Singaporeans and permanent residents.  

 

These are the diversity of the workforce in our group for 2021: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Wages and employee benefits 

 

We have complied with the Ministry of Manpower requirement on wages and contracts 

documentation. Additionally, permanent staff are entitled to a range of benefits.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

Non Discrimination 

 

We have a zero tolerance policy towards gender discrimination and sexual harassment.  









Malay

61%

Chinese 

31%

Indian

5%

Others

3%

Race 













Male

77%

Female

23%

Gender




 

12 | P a g e  

 

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

 

In response to the Covid-19 pandemic, LAP has implemented various precautionary measures to 

take care of the safety and well-being of the staff. These measures include the appointment of safe 

distancing officers, division of the working groups, enhanced cleaning measure etc. All staff are 

measured temperature twice a day, and are encouraged to visit doctors if they feel unwell. Office 

staff are provided with laptops in order to facilitate their work from home. Our health and safety 

system at lime production plant immediately responded to Covid-19 too, all the workers are provided 

with masks and measured temperature daily. Regular emails are sent to the employees in reminding 

them the good hygiene practice and minimise exposure to crowded place. 

 

The number of Covid-19 cases reported are as follows: 

 

 

FY2020 

FY2021 

Target FY2021 

Malaysia 

Nil 

6 

Nil 

Singapore 

Nil 

Nil 

Nil 

 

All cases were treated and recovered. 

 

LAP has developed framework to systematically and methodically manage risks in all work 

processes. It requires swift investigation of any incident, and promotes a culture of open reporting. 

We strive for zero fatalities and accidents.  

 

The Safety Committee (SC), comprising the Assistant General Manager, and representatives from 

various departments, has been established to implement and monitor the safety program. It is 

compulsory for all production staff to adhere strictly to the relevant Standard Operation Procedures 

under the Group’s Corporate Policies and Procedures as well as Safety Regulations. Every new 

staff undergo training and education about health and safety, in addition to training on the job. 

 

The SC conducts safety meeting on a quarterly basis, so as to instil and reinforce our staff with 

safety awareness. In our pursuit of a safe working environment, safety procedures are reviewed 

and appropriate actions are recommended where necessary. To ensure effectiveness, the meeting 

requires attendance from all staff, and an attendance rate of 90% must be achieved. The safety 

committee also tests the fire protection alarm system on a regular basis to ensure the system’s 

effectiveness. 

 

The emergent response team is set to comprise all levels of employees from department managers 

to workers. The team will respond to any incidents such as operational interruptions or natural 

disaster.  

 

Employees are reimbursed for visits to medical facilities and are protected by insurance.  

 

 

Accidents and Fatalities 

 

 

FY2020 

 

FY2021 

 

Target FY2021 

 

1 

 

Nil 

 

Nil 

 

On 14 December 2019, an unfortunate incident occurred where a project manager was killed after 

hit by heavy machinery during the work of repairing lance pipes in limekiln. A revised safety policy 

was issued immediately by restricting unauthorised peronnel enter into the lime production plant 

area, a new safety officer was appointed for overseeing the safety matters for the lime production 

area.  




 

13 | P a g e  

 

 

Training and Education 

 

LAP encourages its employees to engage in continuous learning and development. We invest in 

them and provide support to grow professionally and achieve their full potential. The human 

resource department plans and develop the training programme for the group.  

 

All employees are entitled to a maximum of 80 hours training per year, which could be in the form of 

internal or external training. Employees are also accorded annual performance reviews and target 

setting exercises.   

 

 

 

FY2020 

FY2021 

Total Training Hours 

215 

525 

Average Training Hours per Employee Trained 

3.3 

7.8 

 

We target to keep the average training hours per employee at around 8 hours per year. 

 

 

LAP provides support for training and education in various ways, including the reimbursement of 

membership fees and approval of study and exam leaves.  

By supporting education and training, the group hopes to maintain its people, and build a 

competitive labour force for its business. 




 

14 | P a g e  

 

Economic 

 

 

Markets 

 

The Coronavirus continues spreading across the world Covid-19, governments such as Singapore 

and Malaysia only allow essential services to be continued to operate. Those industries such as 

steel manufacturing, construction, etc were closed, which largely affected the sales of the company.  

Travel restrictions are still in place, although it has little impact on the company’s Malaysian lime 

business as most of the customers are domestic, it halted the exploration of the overseas business 

opportunities for the company. With the gradually resumption of the business activities of Malaysia, 

LAP hopes its business activities could be recovered back to normal.  

 

The company carefully scrutinise the market through close collaboration with customers and other 

business partners. Strengthening existing business ties with customers, developing broader 

customer base, building customer trust are seen as crucial factors for business sustainability. The 

company strives to deliver high quality products in order to enhance the brand loyalty.  

 

Competition remains one of the main challenges, the company emphasises on high quality product 

and better customer services to differentiate ourselves from our competitors 

 

Customers 

 

Our customers are placed as the top priority in our company, understand customer sits in the front 

line of our marketing strategy. Some customers’ business were temporarily shut down during the 

lock down period in Malaysia, this has affected certain customers’ ability in continuing their business. 

We collaborate with our customers through regular meetings to understand their difficulties if any, 

such as the business plans, cash flow forecasts, etc. In order to better help customers, we extended 

our credit terms, revised certain contract terms, so as to help them pass through this difficult time. 

This will help us to build a strong business relationship with customers. 

 

Product quality, shortest delivery time, the provision of on demand solutions, etc., are the areas we 

focus in order to build trust relationship with customers. 

 

Products 

 

Our products could be used in numerous industries including steel manufacturing, water treatment, 

soil stabilization, sugar production et cetera.  During the lock down period in Malaysia, our products 

continue to be supplied to water treatment, sugar production industries as they are considered in 

essential service industries.  

 

Being a quality conscious producer, we place extra emphasis on the quality of our products that we 

offered to our customers. To ensure only high quality products leave our plant, our quality control 

teams conduct stringently inspections before deliveries are made to our customers. Our customer 

service team proactively communicate with our customers, customer feedback are gathered and 

communicated to quality control team for quality improvement.  

 

Our production team monitors the condition of the plant, and make every effort to ensure our plant is 

operating at its optimum level with consistent output. 

 




 

15 | P a g e  

 

 

 

Suppliers 

 

The company cautiously reassessed its supply network which may be seriously impacted by Covid-

19, these including the review of the existing stock levels, the consideration of multiple suppliers and 

supply from multiple locations. We are able to select alternative supply if the existing supply was 

terminated due to Covid-19, and we consider the stock level is safe to meet our production 

requirements. 

 

We will ensure that all the materials inputs in our operations are responsibly and reliably sourced.   

 

To achieve the above, we rely on the effective internal management systems, strong supplier 

relationships, and close customer collaborations.  The company is faced with limited raw material 

selection options, such risk is addressed through supplier’s long term commitments to our business. 

The company carefully consider this key reliance and actively be prepared for new supplies.  




 

16 | P a g e  

 

Environment 

 

 

 

The group’s Malayisan lime manufacturing plant consumes substantial amount of energy during 

operations. Additionally, large amount of dusts and gases are produced which could be harmful to 

the environment if not controlled. In LAP’s environmental policy, energy usage and emissions are 

the two points of focus.  

 

Energy 

 

The conservation of energy is crucial in lowering production costs. The energy usage review 

taskforce identifies energy saving opportunities throughout the entire manufacturing supply chain. 

Plans and targets are communicated to every staff and reviewed annually. Incentive is given to 

employees with innovative ideas to reduce the use of energy.  

 

The table below shows the non-renewable fuel consumptions: 

 

 

FY2020 

KwH(’000) 

FY2021 

KwH(’000) 

Petcoke 

133,008 

148,309 

Diesel 

2,397 

2,629 

Electricity 

8,675 

9,155 

Total 

144,080 

160,093 

Total Production (MT) 

193,328 

230,836 

Energy consumption rate Kwh per MT 

0.75 

0.69 

 

The total consumptions of the non-renewable fuel increased as compared to last year due to more 

production activities, and the energy consumption rate reduced from 0.75 Kwh per MT to 0.69 Kwh 

per MT. 

 

While the business environment remains volatile, the operating unit faces intensive market 

competitions. To produce better quality acceptable by our customers are always our production 

focus. We will closely monitor the energy consumption rate by targeting at same level consumption 

rate. 

 

Besides the aim of lowering energy consumption rate, the use of cleaner energy in the form of 

electricity is encouraged to reduce the reliance on diesel. We will be consistently reviewing the 

practice and implement it when the time is right.  

 

 




 

17 | P a g e  

 

 

Emission  

 

In the process of lime manufacturing, the amount of dusts and gases generated has to comply with 

the environmental regulations. We consistently monitor our emissions and ensure compliance at all 

times.  

 

The following tables disclosed the emissions: 

 

Quick lime plant 

mg/m3 

FY2020 

FY2021 

Compliance limit 

Dust 

42.6 – 49.7 

34.0 – 83.1 

150 

 

Hydration lime plant 

mg/m3 

FY2020 

FY2021 

Compliance limit 

Dust 

28.3 - 49.2 

32.3 – 101.7 

50 

 

The test results are conducted by a third party consultant, Intensive Energy Sdn Bhd. The dust 

emissions from the hydration plant exceeded the compliance limit according to a dust test in October 

2020, this was due to the malfunction of the dust filter. The maintenance team immediately replaced 

the filter and ensured the dust emissions were within the compliance limit in the remaining period of 

the year. 

 

The environmental impact from the emissions, were largely eased by the geographic location which 

is far away from the population condensed area. 

 

Despite the plant is located in a remote area, we will continue with our efforts to maintain the 

acceptable level of emissions as per required by the local regulations.  

 

Uses of our product to benefit the environment  

 

Our lime products helps to address two main environmental issues: water and air pollution.  

 

In water treatment plants, the use of lime products is essential for the treatment of drinking water. 

Raw water will be purified through the removal of impurities and limit the growth of bacteria. Its 

alkaline nature also helps to neutralise acidic water. We hope that our products will ensure that such 

a basic daily necessity in life is made readily available to everyone.  

 

In factories and industries, the lime products are a cost effective method to treat waste water which 

would otherwise cause pollution when released into the sewage system.  The odour from waste 

water will be removed and the pH adjusted. Metallic components are precipitated from the 

hazardous liquid preventing contamination of the environment.  

 

The lime products also aid in absorbing and neutralising sulphuric components in the air. Industrial 

and incineration plants contributing to air pollution will be able to comply with air quality regulations 

and do their part in protecting the environment with the use of our products.  

 

 

 

 




 

18 | P a g e  

 

Feedback 

 

LAP is committed to increasing the transparency in all aspects of its sustainability reporting. 

Feedback 

from 

stakeholders 

can 

be 

addressed 

to 

the 

company 

at 

joey.lah@liongroup.com.sg 

 




 

19 | P a g e  

 

GRI Content Index – Core Option 

 

 

GRI 

Indicat

or 

 

General Disclosures 

 

Reference 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Sustainability Report (About This Report) 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and 

services 

Sustainability Report page (Our Operations) 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Sustainability Report page (Our Operations) 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Sustainability Report page (Our Operations) 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report page (Notes to FS – General) 

 

Annual Report page (Shareholding Statistics) 

102-6 

Markets served 

Annual Report page (Financial information by 

operating segments) 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Annual Report page (Business structure) 

102-8 

Information on employees and 

other workers 

Sustainability Report (Our Employees) 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Sustainability Report (Our Operations) 

 

102-10 

Significant changes to the 

organisation and its supply chain 

There are no significant changes 

102-11 Precautionary principle or 

approach 

Sustainability report (Sustainability at Lion 

Asiapac) 

102-13 Membership of associations 

Singapore National Employers Federation 

102-14 Statement from senior decision-

maker 

Sustainability report (Statement from the 

Executive Director) 

102-15 Key impacts, risks and 

opportunities 

Annual report page (Chairman’s Message) 

 

Annual report page (Information on financial 

risks) 

102-16 Value, principles, standards and 

norms of behaviour 

Sustainability report (Governance) 

 

Annual report page (Corporate Governance 

report) 

102-17 Mechanisms for advice and 

concerns about ethics 

Sustainability report (Governance) 

 

Annual report (Corporate Governance report) 

102-18 Governance structure 

Annual Report page (Business structure) 

 

Annual report page (Management team) 

102-20 Executive-level responsibility for 

economic, environmental and 

social topics 

Sustainability Report (Board Statement) 

102-23 Chair of the highest governance 

body 

Annual Report (Corporate Governance Report) 

102-24 Nominating and selecting the 

highest governance body 

Annual Report page (Corporate Governance 

Report) 

102-35 Remuneration policies 

Annual Report page (Corporate Governance 

Report) 

102-36 Process for determining 

remuneration 

Annual Report page (Corporate Governance 

Report) 




 

20 | P a g e  

 

 

GRI Content Index – Core Option 

 

GRI 

Indicator 

General Disclosures 

Reference 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Sustainability Report (Stakeholder 

Engagement) 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreement 

There is no collective bargaining 

agreement 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Sustainability Report (Stakeholder 

Engagement) 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Sustainability Report (Stakeholder 

Engagement) 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Sustainability report (Materiality 

Assessment) 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

Annual report page (Notes to FS –

Investment in subsidiaries) 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries 

Sustainability report (Materiality 

Assessment) 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Sustainability report (Materiality 

Assessment) 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

Sustainability 

report

(Environment) 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Sustainability Report (About this

Report) 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Sustainability Report (About this 

Report) 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

Sustainability Report (About this 

Report) 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Sustainability Report (About this 

Report) 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

Sustainability Report (About this 

Report) 

 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

Sustainability Report (About this 

Report) 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Sustainability Report (GRI Content 

Index) 

102-56 

External assurance 

We have not engaged third party 

assurance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

Annual Report 

205-3 

Anti-corruption 

Sustainability Report 

(Governance) 

302-1 

Energy consumption 

Sustainability Report 

(Environment) 

305-7 

Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulphur oxides 

(SOX), and other significant air emissions 

Sustainability Report 

(Environment) 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism and number of work-related 

fatalities 

Sustainability Report 

(Occupational Health &amp; Safety) 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per 

employee 

Sustainability Report (Training and 

Education) 

 

