
 

(SR FY 2017)                                                                                                                            Pg 1 of 3 

 

                                 LION ASIAPAC LIMITED 

(Co. Reg. No. 196800586R) 

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore) 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2017 

 

 

 

Board Statement 

 

Sustainability is becoming a key component for companies to promote value creation, and 

demand for increased transparency on listed companies’ environmental, social and governance 

(‘ESG”) practices has been growing among investors.  

 

At Lion Asiapac, with support from the Board, management establishes a framework for its 

sustainability efforts before identifies, manages and addresses ESG factors that are material to 

its business.  

 

The Board considers sustainability issues as part of its strategic formulation, determines the 

material WSG factors and oversees the management and monitors the material WSG factors. 

 

Owing to its extensive global acceptance, we have adopted the globally recognised Global 

Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Guidelines, which allows for comparability of 

our performance.  

 

This report, produced in accordance with the GRI Reporting Guidelines, includes the primary 

components as set out by the SGX’s requirements for sustainability reporting.  It summarises our 

effort towards sustainability with addresses made to Lion Asiapac’s material ESG matters for the 

year ended 30 June 2017 (“FY 2017”).  As this is our inaugural report, we have not included any 

historical data for comparison. 

 

The Company will continue to make improvements to its sustainability efforts and work with its 

stakeholders towards promoting sustainability in its businesses. 

 

 

Sustainability Committee 

 

Lion Asiapac’s Sustainability Committee, supported by the operations working groups, assesses 

and reviews sustainability efforts. The Executive Director chairs the Committee, which meets 

annually to plan and review the progress of our sustainability efforts. Where necessary, frequency 

of discussions is increased. 

 

 

Materiality Assessment 

 

Our assessment is guided by the GRI reporting framework, and reflects the Group’s material ESG 

factors.  At Lion Asiapac, assessing materiality of ESG factors to our business operations is a 

continuous process.  

 

In FY 2017, our Sustainability Committee has ascertained material ESG factors based on a review 

of our business, strategy, business model and key stakeholders, and the following material ESG 

factors were considered most relevant to Lion Asiapac.  

 

 




 

(SR FY 2017)                                                                                                                            Pg 2 of 3 

 

 

Material ESG Factors 

 

 

Factors 

Corresponding GRI aspects 

Reference 

 

 

 

 

a) Economic performance 

Economic performance 

Financial Statements 

 

 

 

 

b) Governance 

Corporate governance 

Corporate Governance Report 

 

 

Business integrity 

Please see below 

 

 

 

 

c) 

Environment 

Pollution management  

Please see below 

 

 

Energy Management 

Please see below 

 

 

 

 

d) Social 

Occupational health and safety Please see below 

 

 

Training and development 

Please see below 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Corporate Governance 

 

At Lion Asiapac, we are committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance. More 

details about Lion Asiapac’s corporate governance practices can be found in the Corporate 

Governance Report.  

 

 

Business Integrity 

 

Lion Asiapac advocates ethical business conduct in the Group’s dealings and operations and has 

zero tolerance for bribery and corruption. All employees shall abide by the rules of the Code and 

Discipline under the Group’s Corporate Policies and Procedures. 

 

The Internal Audit Team reviews, on a regular basis, the adequacy and effectiveness of the 

Group’s material internal controls. Any irregularities identified involving unethical business 

conduct will be reported to the Audit Committee, which will in turn take appropriate actions. 

 

As part of the whistleblowing policies and procedures, any employee of the Group may, in 

confidence, raise concerns about possible bribery or corruption incidents. Arrangements are also 

in place for the independent investigation of such incidents and for appropriate follow up action. 

 

 

Pollution Management 

 

At our lime production plant, we take a serious view on the environmental impact on our 

employees and the community at large. In terms of dust emission and noise pollution that arise 

inevitably during production process, we have in place appropriate mitigating measures, which 

are in accordance with the regulations imposed by the Malaysia Department of Occupational 

Safety and Health, to manage these concerns. 

 

We have implemented a system to reduce and monitor dust emission. In addition, professional 

firms have been engaged to conduct, on an annual basis, pollutant surveys on Isokinetic Stack 

Emission and Boundary Noise Monitoring. 

 

In FY 2017, our test results on pollutant parameters were within the permitted range under the 

Malaysia Environmental Quality (Clean Air) Regulation Act. We will continue to strive to keep the 

pollutant parameters within the permitted range. 

 

 


 

(SR FY 2017)                                                                                                                            Pg 3 of 3 

 

 

Energy Management 

 

Lion Asiapac promotes responsible use of energy and takes measures to reduce energy wastage. 

Energy conservation not only helps to contribute to a friendlier climate, but also saves costs for 

the Group. 

 

Our lime production plant consumes substantial amount of energy to power production line, 

furnace, petcoke grinding mill, blower motors, equipment and buildings. Energy usage is tracked 

regularly as part of our energy management initiatives. We are also exploring new sources of 

cleaner energy that have a much lower environmental impact. 

 

Our total energy usage in FY 2017 was approximately 6.4 million kwh. 

 

To cut down electricity consumption, we are in the process of converting the start up control 

system for the petcoke grinding mill &amp; blower motors to frequency inverter, which will help to 

reduce the starting amperage and hence consumption. Electricity consumption is targeted to 

reduce by 1% after such conversion. 

 

 

Occupational Health and Safety  

 

Lion Asiapac is committed to providing all employees with a safe and healthy workplace. 

 

At our lime production plant, the health and safety system is a framework developed to 

systematically and methodically manage risks in all work processes. It requires swift investigation 

of any incident, and promotes a culture of open reporting and organisational learning. The aim is 

to achieve a safe environment for our employees, customers, suppliers and business partners. 

 

As part of the system, a Safety Committee comprising inter alia, the Assistant General Manager,  

Safety Officer and representatives from various departments, has been established to help 

implementing and monitoring the safety program. All production staff must adhere strictly to the 

relevant Standard Operation Procedures under the Group’s Corporate Policies and Procedures 

as well as the Safety Regulations. Training and education about health and safety, in addition to 

job-related training, are conducted before we place new staff on the job. 

 

Safety meetings are conducted on a quarterly basis, to instil in and reinforce our staff with safety 

awareness, and also to review safety procedures and recommend appropriate actions where 

necessary, for our pursuit of a professional and safe working environment. 

 

In FY 2017, there were no fatalities at our production plant. We are committed to maintaining a 

zero-fatality record at all times. 

 

 

Training and Development 

 

Lion Asiapac believes in the continuing training and development of our employees, who are 

undoubtedly our most valued assets. We invest in our employees, so that they could grow 

professionally and achieve their full potential.  

 

It is imperative that our employees keep abreast of the latest developments in their respective 

professional fields. Employees are assigned, on an ongoing basis where needed, to attend job-

related workshops, training sessions and seminars. We also give support to employees for their 

professional memberships and provide study leave. All employees are accorded annual 

performance reviews and target setting sessions with their department heads. 

 

 

