


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






 

1 | P a g e 

 

Contents 

 

About this Report ....................................................................................................................................... 2 

Feedback ................................................................................................................................................... 2 

Statement from the Board .......................................................................................................................... 3 

Statement from the Executive Director ...................................................................................................... 4 

Sustainability at Lion Asiapac Limited ....................................................................................................... 5 

Governance ............................................................................................................................................. 10 

Our Operations ........................................................................................................................................ 11 

Our Employees ........................................................................................................................................ 12 

Economic ................................................................................................................................................. 15 

Environment ............................................................................................................................................. 17 

GRI Content Index – Core Option ............................................................................................................ 19 

GRI Content Index – Core Option ............................................................................................................ 20 

 

 

 

 

 




 

2 | P a g e 

 

About this Report 

 

Lion Asiapac Limited (“LAP”) is pleased to present its fourth Sustainability Report 

(SR2020). It describes our sustainability performance for the year ended June 2020.  

 

The scope of reporting includes the environmental, social and governance (ESG) 

practices of our operations in Singapore and Malaysia.  

 

This report has been prepared based on the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards: 

Core option. No third party assurances have been engaged.  

 

In line with LAP continuing commitment to environmental sustainability, no hard copies 

have been printed. This report and previous editions are available on the company’s 

website at http://www.lionasiapac.com/index.php/investors. 

 

Feedback 

 

LAP is committed to increasing the transparency in all aspects of its sustainability 

reporting. Feedback from stakeholders to the Company should be addressed to 

joey.lah@liongroup.com.sg 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




 

3 | P a g e 

 

Statement from the Board 

 

At Lion Asiapac Limited (“LAP”), we consider sustainability issues as a core part of our strategic 

formulation, determine the material economic, social and environmental (“ESG”) factors, and 

oversee the management and monitor the material ESG factors. 

 

With support from the Board, the Management establishes a framework for our sustainability 

efforts before they identify, manage and address ESG factors that are material to our business.  

 

Owing to its extensive global acceptance, we have adopted the globally recognised Global 

Reporting Initiative’s (“GRI”) Sustainability Reporting Guidelines, which allow for comparability 

of our performance.  

 

This report, produced in accordance with the GRI Reporting Guidelines, includes the primary 

components as set out by the SGX’s requirements for sustainability reporting.  It summarises 

our effort towards sustainability made to the Group’s material ESG matters for the year ended 

30 June 2020 (“FY2020”).   

 

The Company is committed to making improvements to its sustainability efforts in the areas 

such as good corporate governance, transparency and accountability, and does so through a 

set of internal policies, structures and procedures. The Company will continue to work with its 

stakeholders towards promoting sustainability in its businesses. 




 

4 | P a g e 

 

 

Statement from the 

Executive Director 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Dear Stakeholders 

 

As part of our ongoing journey to champion sustainability, I am proud to present this report and 

share the initiatives and progress made during the financial year 2020. This is our fourth 

sustainability report to date, and I am very encouraged by the continuous improvements in our 

ESG practices.  

 

The global repercussion of the COVID-19 pandemic has been very extensive and alarming. LAP 

is striving to respond, as best as we could, to business continuity, people, health and safety, 

supply chain, compliance, digital transformation of business practices, among other aspects. 

We are committed to navigating this very challenging times by engaging our staff, customers, 

suppliers, and other business partners, to deliver a sustainable result to our stakeholders. 

 

With our core business in lime manufacturing, our plant are optimised with advanced technology 

to reduce wastage. During the year, we strive to maintain these plant and equipment to produce 

top quality lime products. Our products have been part of everyday life in the communities. 

Clean air, portable water and fertile soil are just a few examples of its applications contributing 

to a greener environment.   

 

Our operations are supported by our most valuable asset, our employees. Health and safety are 

our utmost priority. We have implemented a safe management framework, including safe 

distancing measures and work from home practices, in order to minimise the threat from the 

pandemic.  We will continue to review our practices in aligning the welfare of our employees to 

our business’s sustainability strategy. 

 

On behalf of the Board and Management, I would like to thank our team for their efforts and I 

look forward to future collaboration with all stakeholders to further strengthen our sustainability 

efforts.  

 

 

 

Eric Loh 

Executive Director 

 






 

5 | P a g e 

 

Sustainability at Lion Asiapac Limited 

 

 

Sustainability Initiative 

 

Partnerships and good community relations are critical to our operations.  

 

Following collaboration with all relevant stakeholders, LAP ensures that their representations 

are appropriately identified and that adequate information, including both benefits and negative 

impacts, are conveyed to the affected.  

 

Our initiative takes into consideration - respect for human rights in the workplace, ban on forced 

and child labour, elimination of discrimination, provision of fair wages and working hours, and 

respect for freedom of association, the provision of a healthy and safe working environment, 

ethical conduct, including efforts to eliminate corruption. 

 

We strongly believe in responsible sourcing, where through collaboration with suppliers, we 

endeavour to secure only limestone that originates from legal and responsible sources. 

 

Sustainability Committee 

 

In achieving its sustainability goals, the Board sets up its own sustainability team which 

comprises key management personnel helmed by the Executive Director.  While the Board is 

responsible for formulating corporate sustainability strategies, the sustainability team focuses on 

implementing sustainability strategies, identifying and addressing emerging sustainability issues.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 



Human 

Resource 

Finance 

Operations 




 

6 | P a g e 

 

 

 

Sustainability Committee 

 

The Executive Director chairs the Committee, which meets annually, or whenever needed, to 

plan and review the progress of our sustainability efforts.      

 

The Board receives briefings on relevant ESG matters and consider these ESG risks when 

evaluating the group strategy. 

 

 

Sustainability Approach 

 

Good corporate governance, environmental sustainability and social growth are integral to the 

Group’s business strategy. 

 

Sustainability and social responsibility principles form the foundation of LAP’s corporate values, 

in terms of ethical actions and professional behaviour for management and employees. 

 

In addition to corporate governance activities, the Group’s risk management also anticipates 

commercial opportunities and mitigates risks to preserve value over the long term. Strategic, 

operational and commercial risks are evaluated through a precautionary approach. 




 

7 | P a g e 

 





 

 

 

Materiality Assessment 

 

Our assessment is guided by the GRI reporting framework. Through the ongoing process of interaction 

with stakeholders, the sustainability committee has reviewed the material factors to reflect the changes 

over last year.   These are the material factors which have been identified: 

 

 

The material factors are mapped into the chart below reflecting the stakeholders’ importance against 

the impact on our business.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




 

8 | P a g e 

 

 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

We decide to publish Sustainability Reports every year in accordance with the SGX requirements 

and GRI Standards. We have not engaged third party assurance. 

 

Report content has been determined based on ongoing stakeholder dialogue and a review of issues 

that are critical to LAP. 

 

Based on our analyses and discussions with operation management, we have reviewed our 

materiality matrix to reflect the changes in stakeholders’ expectations over last year.  

 

LAP employs a variety of ways to engage its stakeholders and acts upon the feedback received. 

These 

stake-holders’ 

engagements 

contribute 

towards 

continuous 

improvement, 

strong 

accountability, informed decision-making and proactive management of sustainability risks and 

opportunities. 

 

As part of the business transformation process, the Group reviewed inputs from management, 

employees, independent consultants, comparative studies in the sector and region as well as 

feedback from the investment community to identify and map stakeholders who influence, or are 

influenced by, LAP and its operations. The process additionally established the objective of 

engagement, channels of communication and methods to cultivate relationships that create mutual 

value and shared trust. 

 

LAP’s stakeholders include customers, vendors, technology partners, contractors and regulatory 

bodies. In general, government ministries are local to the Group’s countries of operation. 

 

LAP engaged with the following stakeholders:  

 

(a) 

Customers: Regular meetings, platforms to network and build relationships, quotations, 

corporate website and emails; 

 

(b) 

Business partners: Quotations and requests for proposals, regular dialogue platforms; 

 

(c) 

Employees: Regular reviews and appraisals, employee dialogue sessions, intranet platform 

for policies, development programmes and training workshops/courses, meet the 

management sessions; 

 

(d) 

Financial community: results announcements, annual general meetings, corporate website 

and emails; and 

 

(e) 

Government and industry partners: Formal communications with regulatory authorities. 

 

 

The Key topics and concerns of stakeholders are as follows: 

 

(a) 

Customers:  

Ability to offer competitive and cost-efficient products which are safe and environmentally 

responsible, flexibility to work together, clear channels of bilateral communication, 

compliance with customers’ product requirements, timely delivery of products; 

 

(b) 

Business partners:  

Terms and conditions of purchasing policies and Agreements, clear two-way communication 

channels, opportunities for growth and collaboration; 

 

 

 




 

9 | P a g e 

 

 

(c) 

Employees:  

Conducive workplace, nurturing environment, fair labour practices and compensation, career 

growth/personal development opportunities, dynamic two-day communication platforms; 

 

(d) 

Financial community:  

Business resilience and financial performance, timely information, transparent, open and 

effective communication, responsible management, corporate governance and compliance; 

 

(e) 

Government and industry partners:  

Compliance with regulations, collaborative efforts to share knowledge, joint development and 

deployment of best practices; and  

 

(f) 

Customers:  

Ability to offer competitive and cost-efficient products which are safe and environmentally 

responsible, flexibility to work together, clear channels of bilateral communication, 

compliance with customers’ product requirements, timely delivery of products. 

 

 

 

 




 

10 | P a g e 

 

Governance 

 

Code of Business Ethics and Conduct &amp; Anti-Corruption Policy 

 

We have a culture of zero tolerance for solicitation or bribery. Ethics is emphasised through all levels 

of employees through policies.  These policies are executed through the annual compulsory 

declaration of conflict of interest for all employees within a controlled period.  

 

Communication of anti-

corruption policy and 

declaration of conflict of 

interest to employees 

 

FY2019 

 

FY2020 

 

Target FY2021 

 

 

 

100% 

 

 

 

100% 

 

 

 

100% 

 

Securities Transaction 

 

LAP adopts a compliance code which establishes the framework of dealing in the securities of the 

company by employees. Officers who have access to price sensitive information are prohibited from 

dealing in the securities of LAP within specified time frames. This is aligned with fair market 

practices and prevents contravening of the law.   

 

Audit Committee and Internal Audit 

 

The Audit Committee (AC), reviews all the operations within LAP to assess the risk likelihood of 

corruption. The internal audit department conducts independent investigations under the instructions 

of the AC and the Board. The AC also reviews existing policy and procedures to prevent the 

occurrence of corruption.  

 

Whistle Blowing Policy 

 

The whistle blowing policy is in place to encourage ethical reporting and to allay all fears of adverse 

repercussions.  Genuine whistle blowers are protected from any unfair treatment resulting from their 

report and allows the matters to be reported directly to the AC.  

 

The AC considers the nature of the matter and further independent investigations may be carried out 

by the internal audit department.  

 

Enterprise Risk Management 

 

LAP maintains an enterprise risk framework which manages the risk of failure in achieving strategic 

objectives. Under this framework, all key operations are required to carry out a self-assessment 

exercise on a yearly basis.  

 

This risk assessment requires key operations to identify risks, assess risk likelihood and impacts, 

and consider the effectiveness of the existing controls. All operation heads of department are 

involved in these assessments and are required to provide a written assurance to the adequacy and 

effectiveness of their departmental internal control system and risk management. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Incidents in relation to 

non-compliance and 

business ethics 

 

FY2019 

 

FY2020 

 

Target FY2021 

 

Nil 

 

Nil 

 

Nil 




 

11 | P a g e 

 





 

 

 

Our Operations 

 

LAP is headquartered in Singapore and has been listed on the mainboard of the  

Singapore Stock Exchange since 1981.  

 

  

 

Lime Manufacturing 

 

Established in 2004, Compact Energy Sdn Bhd (CESB) is a wholly owned  

subsidiary of LAP, based in Banting Selangor, Malaysia. 

 

CESB has 2 units of 600 metric tons per day (MTPD)  

twin-shaft circular Maerz limekiln with annual  

production capacity of 430,000 MT quicklime,  

and 1 unit of 200 MTPD hydrated lime plant with an  

annual output capacity of 72,000 MT. 

 

The uses of quicklime and hydrated lime include: 

 

 

Steel manufacturing 

 

Soil stabilization 

 

Sugar production 

 

Portable water treatment 

 

Air pollution abatement 

 

 

Steel Consumables Trading 

 

 

LAP Trading and Marketing Pte Ltd (LAPT),  

another wholly owned subsidiary of LAP,  

deals in the trading of steel manufacturing 

consumables such as steel scraps and  

electrodes.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




 

12 | P a g e 

 



Below 30

72%

31-50

20%

Above 50

8%

AGE



Our Employees 

 

People is most important to the sustainability of our group. Our emphasis in the welfare of our 

employees can be seen in our dedication to ensure a healthy and ethical work environment. Our 

operating policies and procedures are all testaments to our effort in this regard.  

 

Diversity 

 

We have a total of 59 employees in LAP, comprising 58 permanent and 1 contract staff. Employees 

at the headquarters in Singapore consists entirely of Singaporeans and permanent residents.  

 

These are the diversity of the workforce in our group for 2019: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Wages and employee benefits 

 

We have complied with the Ministry of Manpower requirement on wages and contracts 

documentation. Additionally, permanent staff are entitled to a range of benefits.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

Non Discrimination 

 

We have a zero tolerance policy towards gender discrimination and sexual harassment.  



Malay

56%

Chinese 

35%

Indian

6%

Others

3%

Race 



Male

70%

Female

30%

Gender




 

13 | P a g e 

 

 

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

 

In response to the Covid-19 pandemic, LAP has implemented various precautionary measures to 

address the safety and well-being of the staff. These measures include the appointment of safe 

distancing officers, division of the working groups, enhanced cleaning measure etc. The temperature 

of all staff are taken twice each day and are encouraged to consult the doctors if they feel unwell. 

Staff are provided with laptops to facilitate their work from home. The stringent health and safety 

system at the lime production plant ensures all workers are provided with face masks and 

temperature taken daily. Emails are regularly sent to employees reminding them of the need for, 

good hygiene practices and minimise exposure to crowded places. 

 

LAP reported no Covid-19 cases during the year. 

 

It has developed framework to systematically and methodically manage risks in all work processes, 

where it requires swift investigation of any incident, and promotes a culture of open reporting. We 

strive for zero fatalities and accidents.  

 

The Safety Committee (SC), comprising the Assistant General Manager and heads of various 

departments, has been established to implement and monitor the safety program. It is compulsory 

for all production staff to adhere strictly to the relevant Standard Operation Procedures under the 

Group’s Corporate Policies and Procedures as well as Safety Regulations. Every new staff undergo 

training and in-house education about health and safety, in addition to training on the job. 

 

The SC conducts safety meeting on a quarterly basis, to instil and reinforce our staff with safety 

awareness. In our pursuit of a safe working environment, safety procedures are being reviewed and 

appropriate actions are recommended where necessary. To ensure effectiveness, the meeting 

requires attendance by all staff, and an attendance rate of 90% is ensured. The safety committee 

also tests the fire protection alarm system on a regular basis to ensure the system’s effectiveness. 

 

The emergent response team is set to comprise all levels of employees from department managers 

to workers. The team will respond to any incidents such as operational interruptions or natural 

disaster.  

 

Employees are reimbursed for visits to medical facilities and are protected by insurance.  

 

 

Accidents and Fatalities 

 

 

FY2019 

 

FY2020 

 

Target FY2021 

 

Nil 

 

1 

 

Nil 

 

On 14 December 2019, a most unfortunate accident occurred when the project manager was killed 

while repair work of a limekiln was undertaken. A revised safety policy was issued immediately, 

restricting unauthorised personnel entering the lime production area, and a new safety officer was 

appointed to oversee all safety matters of the factory.  

 

 




 

14 | P a g e 

 

 

 

 

Training and Education 

 

LAP encourages its employees to engage in continuous learning and development. We invest in 

them and provide support for them, to grow professionally and achieve their full potential. The 

human resource department plans and develop the training programme for the group.  

 

All employees are entitled to a maximum of 80 hours training per year, which could be in the form of 

internal or external training. Employees are also accorded annual performance reviews and target 

setting exercises.   

 

 

 

FY2019 

FY2020 

Total Training Hours 

777 

215 





Average Training Hours per Employee Trained 

7.8 

3.3 



 

The significant reduction of the training hours is due to the lock-down in Malaysia and Singapore 

during the year. We target to keep the average training hours per employee at around 8 hours per 

year. 

 

 

LAP provides support for training and education in various ways, including the reimbursement of 

membership fees and approval of study and exam leaves.  

 

By supporting education and training, the group hopes to retain its people, and build a competitive 

labour force for its business. 

 

 




 

15 | P a g e 

 

Economic 

 

 

Markets 

 

The Covid-19 pandemic has severely disrupted global economic activity and led to both demand- 

and supply-side shocks to both the Singapore and Malaysia economies.  Many industries such as 

steel manufacturing and construction were required to shut down, this has largely affected the sales 

of the company.  With restrictions imposed on travel, this has curtailed overseas business 

development opportunities for the company. With the gradual resumption of business activities in 

Malaysia, LAP look forward to improvement to business activities.  

 

The company continues to focus on close collaboration with customers and other business partners, 

in order to keep abreast of the market. Strengthening business ties with existing customers, 

developing broader customer base, building customer trust, are all seen as crucial factors for 

business sustainability. The company strives to deliver high quality products in order to enhance 

brand loyalty.  

 

Competition remains one of the main challenges, the company emphasises on high quality product 

and better customer services to differentiate ourselves from our competitors 

 

Customers 

 

Our customers are placed as the top priority, understanding the customer remains the key focus of 

our marketing strategy. During this lock-down, we have collaborated with affected customers to work 

out solutions for mutual benefits.  We expect these collaborations will help us build a stronger 

business rapport with our customers. 

 

Product quality, shortest delivery time, provision of on demand solutions, just to name a few, are 

areas we chose to focus, when building trust with customers is concerned. 

 

Products 

 

Our products are used in numerous industries, including steel manufacturing, water treatment, soil 

stabilization and sugar production.  During the lock-down in Malaysia, we continue to supply to water 

treatment, sugar production industries as they are considered essential service industries.  

 

Being a quality conscious producer, we place extra emphasis on the quality of our products that we 

offered to our customers. To ensure only high-quality products leave our plant, our quality control 

teams conduct stringently inspections before deliveries are made to our customers. Our customer 

service team proactively communicate with our customers, customer feedbacks are gathered and 

communicated to quality control team for quality improvement.  

 

Our production team monitors the condition of the plant and make every effort to ensure our plant is 

operating at its optimum level with consistent output. 

 




 

16 | P a g e 

 

 

 

 

Suppliers 

 

The company conducts assessment of its supply networks, which may be seriously impacted by the 

pandemic, by reviewing existing stock levels, multiple suppliers, and multiple supply source. We are 

able to select alternative supply source if an existing supply source will to be affected. 

 

We endeavour to ensure that our materials inputs used in our operations are responsibly and 

reliably sourced.   

 

To achieve the above, we rely on the effective internal management systems, strong supplier 

relationships, and close customer collaborations.  The company is faced with limited raw material 

selection options, such risk is mitigated through supplier’s long-term commitments to our business. 

The company is aware of this key reliance and continue to actively seek out new suppliers.  




 

17 | P a g e 

 

Environment 

 

 

 

Our plants in lime manufacturing consumes substantial amount of energy during operations and 

large amount of dusts and gases are produced which could be harmful to the environment if not 

properly controlled. In LAP’s environmental policy, energy usage and emissions remained the two 

key points of focus.  

 

Energy 

 

Conservation of energy is crucial in our effort to lowering production costs. The energy usage review 

taskforce identifies energy saving opportunities throughout the entire manufacturing process. Plans 

and targets are communicated to every staff and reviewed annually. Incentive is given to employees 

with innovative ideas to reduce the use of energy.  

 

The table below shows the non-renewable fuel consumptions: 

 

 

FY2019 

KwH(’000) 

FY2020 

KwH(’000) 

Petcoke 

161,108 

133,008 

Diesel 

2,677 

2,397 

Electricity 

10,310 

8,675 

Total 

174,095 

144,080 

Total Production (MT) 

213,438 

193,328 

Energy consumption rate KwH per MT 

0.82 

0.75 

 

The total consumptions of the non-renewable fuel decreased as compared to last year and the 

energy consumption rate reduced from 0.82 KwH per MT to 0.75 KwH per MT. This pertains to the 

favourable petcoke mix in producing the final products. 

 

While the business environment remains volatile, the operating unit faces intensive market 

competitions. To consistently producing quality lime continues to be our focus. We will endeavour to 

maintain the current energy consumption rate. 

 

Besides the aim of maintaining energy consumption rate, the use of cleaner energy in electricity has 

always been our focus, instead of the reliance on diesel. We will continue to review our operations 

with the view to improving our energy usage target.  

 

 




 

18 | P a g e 

 

 

 

Emission  

 

In lime manufacturing, the amount of dusts and gases generated are subject to environmental 

control regulations. We consistently monitor our emissions and ensure compliance at all times.  

 

The following tables disclosed the emissions: 

 

Quick lime plant 

mg/m3 

FY2019 

FY2020 

Compliance limit 

Dust 

2.1 – 79.4 

42.6 – 49.7 

50 

 

Hydration lime plant 

mg/m3 

FY2019 

FY2020 

Compliance limit 

Dust 

11.1 – 65.9   

28.3 - 49.2 

50 

 

The test results are independently conducted by a third party consultant, Procoma Environmental (M) 

Sdn Bhd. FY 2019’s dust emissions from the limekiln and hydration plant have exceeded the 

compliance limit, this is due to the malfunctioning of the dust filtering equipment. Immediate 

rectification of the equipment was carried out.  

 

The environmental impact from the emissions was substantially mitigated by the secluded location, 

where the plant is located and the densely populated area. 

 

Despite the remote location of the plant, we will, nevertheless, continue with our efforts to meet 

emissions compliance regulations.  

 

Uses of our product to benefit the environment  

 

Our lime products help to address two main environmental issues: water and air pollution.  

 

In water treatment plants, the use of lime is essential for the treatment of drinking water. Raw water 

will be purified through the removal of impurities and limit the growth of bacteria. Its alkaline nature 

also helps to neutralise acidity in water. We hope that our products could help to bring such a basic 

necessity to everyone.  

 

Lime is a cost-effective product in the treatment of waste-water.  The odour from wastewater will be 

removed and the pH adjusted. Metallic components are precipitated from the hazardous liquid 

preventing contamination of the environment.  

 

The lime products also aid in absorbing and neutralising sulphuric components in the air. Industrial 

and incineration plants contributing to air pollution will be able to comply with air quality regulations 

and do their part in protecting the environment with the use of lime.  

 

 




 

19 | P a g e 

 

GRI Content Index – Core Option 

 

 

GRI 

Indicat

or 

 

General Disclosures 

 

Reference 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Sustainability Report (About This Report) 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and 

services 

Sustainability Report page (Our Operations) 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Sustainability Report page (Our Operations) 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Sustainability Report page (Our Operations) 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report page (Notes to FS – General) 

 

Annual Report page (Shareholding Statistics) 

102-6 

Markets served 

Annual Report page (Financial information by 

operating segments) 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Annual Report page (Business structure) 

102-8 

Information on employees and 

other workers 

Sustainability Report (Our Employees) 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Sustainability Report (Our Operations) 

 

102-10 

Significant changes to the 

organisation and its supply chain 

There are no significant changes 

102-11 Precautionary principle or 

approach 

Sustainability report (Sustainability at Lion 

Asiapac) 

102-13 Membership of associations 

Singapore National Employers Federation 

102-14 Statement from senior decision-

maker 

Sustainability report (Statement from the 

Executive Director) 

102-15 Key impacts, risks and 

opportunities 

Annual report page (Chairman’s Message) 

 

Annual report page (Information on financial 

risks) 

102-16 Value, principles, standards and 

norms of behaviour 

Sustainability report (Governance) 

 

Annual report page (Corporate Governance 

report) 

102-17 Mechanisms for advice and 

concerns about ethics 

Sustainability report (Governance) 

 

Annual report (Corporate Governance report) 

102-18 Governance structure 

Annual Report page (Business structure) 

 

Annual report page (Management team) 

102-20 Executive-level responsibility for 

economic, environmental and 

social topics 

Sustainability Report (Board Statement) 

102-23 Chair of the highest governance 

body 

Annual Report (Corporate Governance Report) 

102-24 Nominating and selecting the 

highest governance body 

Annual Report page (Corporate Governance 

Report) 

102-35 Remuneration policies 

Annual Report page (Corporate Governance 

Report) 

102-36 Process for determining 

remuneration 

Annual Report page (Corporate Governance 

Report) 




 

20 | P a g e 

 

 

GRI Content Index – Core Option 

 

GRI 

Indicator 

General Disclosures 

Reference 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Sustainability Report (Stakeholder 

Engagement) 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreement 

There is no collective bargaining 

agreement 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Sustainability Report (Stakeholder 

Engagement) 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Sustainability Report (Stakeholder 

Engagement) 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Sustainability report (Materiality 

Assessment) 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

Annual report page (Notes to FS –

Investment in subsidiaries) 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries 

Sustainability report (Materiality 

Assessment) 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Sustainability report (Materiality 

Assessment) 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

Sustainability 

report

(Environment) 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Sustainability Report (About this 

Report) 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Sustainability Report (About this 

Report) 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

Sustainability Report (About this 

Report) 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Sustainability Report (About this 

Report) 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

Sustainability Report (About this 

Report) 

 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

Sustainability Report (About this 

Report) 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Sustainability Report (GRI Content 

Index) 

102-56 

External assurance 

We have not engaged third party 

assurance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

Annual Report 

205-3 

Anti-corruption 

Sustainability Report 

(Governance) 

302-1 

Energy consumption 

Sustainability Report 

(Environment) 

305-7 

Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulphur oxides 

(SOX), and other significant air emissions 

Sustainability Report 

(Environment) 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism and number of work-related 

fatalities 

Sustainability Report 

(Occupational Health &amp; Safety) 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per 

employee 

Sustainability Report (Training and 

Education) 

 

