










 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


















 

1 | P a g e  

 

Contents 

About This Report ..................................................................................................................... 2 

Feedback .................................................................................................................................. 2 

Statement From The Board....................................................................................................... 3 

Statement From The Executive Director ................................................................................... 4 

Sustainability At Lion Asiapac ................................................................................................... 5 

Governance ............................................................................................................................ 10 

Our Operations ....................................................................................................................... 11 

Our Employees ....................................................................................................................... 12 

Economic ................................................................................................................................ 14 

Environment ............................................................................................................................ 15 

GRI Content Index – Core Option ........................................................................................... 17 

 

 

 

 












 

2 | P a g e  

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

This is the third Sustainability Report (SR2019) by Lion Asiapac Limited (LAP). It details 

our sustainability performance in the financial year 2019 from 1 July 2018 to 30 June 

2019.  

 

The scope of reporting includes the environmental, social and governance (ESG) 

practices of our operations in Singapore and Malaysia.  

 

This report has been prepared based on the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards: 

Core option. No third party assurance has been engaged.  

 

Feedback 

 

LAP is committed to increasing the transparency in all aspects of its sustainability 

reporting. Feedback from stakeholders can be addressed to our team at 

joey.lah@liongroup.com.sg 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 












 

3 | P a g e  

 

STATEMENT FROM THE BOARD 

 

At Lion Asiapac Limited (“LAP”), we consider sustainability issues as part of its strategic 

formulation, determine the material economic, social and environmental (“ESG”) factors and 

oversees the management and monitors the material ESG factors 

 

With support from the Board, management establishes a framework for its sustainability efforts 

before identifies, manages and addresses ESG factors that are material to its business.  

 

Owing to its extensive global acceptance, we have adopted the globally recognised Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Sustainability Reporting Guidelines, which allows for comparability of 

our performance.  

 

This report, produced in accordance with the GRI Reporting Guidelines, includes the primary 

components as set out by the SGX’s requirements for sustainability reporting.  It summarises 

our effort towards sustainability with addresses made to LAP’s material ESG matters for the 

year ended 30 June 2019(“FY2019”).   

 

The Company is committed to make improvements to its sustainability efforts in the areas such 

as good corporate governance, transparency and accountability, and does so by through a set 

of internal policies, structures and procedures. The Company will work with its stakeholders 

towards promoting sustainability in its businesses. 












 

4 | P a g e  

 

 

STATEMENT FROM 

THE EXECUTIVE 

DIRECTOR 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Dear Stakeholders 

 

As part of our ongoing journey to champion sustainability, we are proud to present this report 

and share the initiatives and progress made during the financial year 2019. This is LAP’s third 

sustainability report to date, and we are encouraged by the continuous improvements in our 

ESG practices.  

 

With our core business in the lime manufacturing segment, our limekilns are optimised with the 

most advanced technology to reduce wastage of raw materials. The upcoming completion of our 

relocation project will further accelerate our efforts to preserve resources and minimize the 

impact on our environment. The resulting cost savings will benefit shareholders as well.  

 

Our lime products have been part of everyday life in the communities. Clean air, portable water 

and fertile soil are just to name a few examples of its applications contributing to a greener 

place to live in.   

 

Operations are supported by our organisation’s most valuable asset: employees. We adopt a 

comprehensive approach in hope of building life-long relationships with our people. Safety is of 

utmost priority and we are glad to maintain a clean record on our accident count during the year. 

Aligning the welfare of our employees to our business’s sustainability strategy lies in the heart of 

our sustainability framework.   

 

Although there is still a long way to go, we are heartened by the significant positive impact made 

on the society and environment. We will continue to identify new targets, create concrete goals 

and strive to do the right things for the years to come.  

 

On behalf of the Board and Management, I would like to thank the efforts of our team and we 

look forward to future collaboration with all stakeholders to further strengthen the sustainability 

of LAP.  

 

 

 

Eric Loh 

Executive Director 

 














 

5 | P a g e  

 

SUSTAINABILITY AT LION ASIAPAC 

 

 

Sustainability Initiative 

 

Partnerships and good community relations are critical for our operations.  

 

Following collaboration with all relevant stakeholders, a plan has been formulated to ensure that 

their representations are appropriately identified and that adequate information, including both 

benefits and negative impacts, are conveyed to the affected.  

 

Our plan takes into regards for - respect for human rights in the workplace, ban on forced and 

child labour, elimination of discrimination, provision of fair wages and working hours, and 

respect for freedom of association, the provision of a healthy and safe working environment, 

ethical conduct, including efforts to eliminate corruption. 

 

We strongly believe in responsible sourcing, where through collaboration with suppliers, we 

ensure that all limestones originates from legal and responsible sources. 

 

Sustainability Committee 

 

In achieving its sustainability goals, the Board sets up its own sustainability team which 

comprises key management personnel. While the Board is responsible for formulating corporate 

sustainability strategies, the sustainability team focuses on implementing sustainability 

strategies, identifying and addressing emerging sustainability issues 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 













































































Human 

Resource
















 

6 | P a g e  

 

SUSTAINABILITY AT LION ASIAPAC 

 

Sustainability Committee 

 

The Executive Director chairs the Committee, which meets annually, or whenever needed, to 

plan and review the progress of our sustainability efforts.      

 

The Board receives briefings on relevant ESG matters and consider these ESG risks when 

evaluating the group strategy. 

 

 

Sustainability Approach 

 

Good corporate governance, environmental sustainability and social growth are integral to the 

Group’s business strategy. 

 

Sustainability and social responsibility principles form the foundation of LAP’s corporate values, 

with regard to ethical actions and professional behaviour for management and employees. 

 

In addition to corporate governance activities, the Group’s risk management also anticipates 

commercial opportunities and mitigates risks to preserve value over the long term. Strategic, 

operational and commercial risks are evaluated through a precautionary approach. 












 

7 | P a g e  

 











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































SUSTAINABILITY AT LION ASIAPAC 

 

 

Materiality Assessment 

 

Our assessment is guided by the GRI reporting framework. Through the ongoing process of interaction 

with stakeholders, the sustainability committee has reviewed the material factors to reflect the changes 

over the last year.   These are the material factors which have been identified: 

 

 

The material factors are mapped into the chart below reflecting the stakeholders importance against the 

impact on our business.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 












 

8 | P a g e  

 

SUSTAINABILITY AT LION ASIAPAC 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

This report is our third Sustainability Report. We expect to publish Sustainability Reports every year 

in accordance with the SGX requirements and GRI Standards. We have not engaged third party 

assurance. 

 

Report content has been determined based on ongoing stakeholder dialogue and a review of issues 

that are critical to LAP. 

 

Based on our analyses and discussions with management team, we have reviewed our materiality 

matrix to reflect the changes in stakeholder expectations over the last year.  

 

LAP employs a variety of ways to engage its stakeholders and act upon the feedback received. 

These stakeholder engagements contribute towards continuous improvement, strong accountability, 

informed decision-making and proactive management of sustainability risks and opportunities. 

 

As part of the business transformation process, the Group reviewed inputs from management, 

employees, independent consultants, comparative studies in the sector and region as well as 

feedback from the investment community to identify and map stakeholders who influence, or are 

influenced by, LAP and its operations. The process additionally established the objective of 

engagement, channels of communication and methods to cultivate relationships that create mutual 

value and shared trust. 

 

LAP’s stakeholders include customers, vendors, technology partners, contractors and regulatory 

bodies. In general, government ministries are local to the Group’s countries of operation. 

 

LAP engaged with the following stakeholders:  

 

(a) 

Customers: Regular meetings, platforms to network and build relationships, quotations, 

corporate website and emails; 

 

(b) 

Business partners: Quotations and requests for proposals, regular dialogue platforms; 

 

(c) 

Employees: Regular reviews and appraisals, employee dialogue sessions, intranet platform 

for policies, development programmes and training workshops/courses, meet the 

management sessions; 

 

(d) 

Financial community: results announcements, annual general meetings, corporate website 

and emails; and 

 

(e) 

Government and industry partners: Formal communications with regulatory authorities. 

 

 

The Key topics and concerns of stakeholders are as follows: 

 

(a) 

Customers:  

Ability to offer competitive and cost-efficient products which are safe and environmentally 

responsible, flexibility to work together, clear channels of bilateral communication, 

compliance with customers’ product requirements, timely delivery of products; 

 

(b) 

Business partners:  

Terms and conditions of purchasing policies and Agreements, clear two-way communication 

channels, opportunities for growth and collaboration; 

 

 

 












 

9 | P a g e  

 

 

(c) 

Employees:  

Conducive workplace, nurturing environment, fair labour practices and compensation, career 

growth/personal development opportunities, dynamic two-day communication platforms; 

 

(d) 

Financial community:  

Business resilience and financial performance, timely information, transparent, open and 

effective communication, responsible management, corporate governance and compliance; 

 

(e) 

Government and industry partners:  

Compliance with regulations, collaborative efforts to share knowledge, joint development and 

deployment of best practices; and  

 

(f) 

Customers:  

Ability to offer competitive and cost-efficient products which are safe and environmentally 

responsible, flexibility to work together, clear channels of bilateral communication, 

compliance with customers’ product requirements, timely delivery of products. 

 

 

 

 












 

10 | P a g e  

 

Governance 

 

Code of Business Ethics and Conduct &amp; Anti-Corruption Policy 

 

We have a culture of zero tolerance for solicitation or bribery. Ethics is emphasised through all levels 

of employees through the above policies.  These policies are executed through the annual 

compulsory declaration of conflict of interest for all employees within a controlled period.  

 

Communication of anti-

corruption policy and 

declaration of conflict of 

interest to employees 

 

FY2018 

 

FY2019 

 

Target FY2020 

 

 

 

100% 

 

 

 

100% 

 

 

 

100% 

 

Securities Transaction 

 

LAP adopts a compliance code which establishes the framework of dealing in the securities of the 

company by employees. Officers who have access to price sensitive information are prohibited from 

dealing in the securities of LAP within specified time frames. This is in accordance with fair market 

practices and prevents contravening of the law.   

 

Audit Committee and Internal Audit 

 

The Audit Committee (AC), reviews all the operations within LAP to assess the risk likelihood of 

corruption. The internal audit department conducts independent investigations under the instructions 

of the AC and the Board. The AC also reviews existing policy and procedures to prevent the 

occurrence of corruption.  

 

Whistle Blowing Policy 

 

The whistle blowing policy is in place to encourage ethical reporting and to allay all fears of adverse 

repercussions.  Genuine whistle blowers are protected from any unfair treatment resulting from their 

report and allows the matters to be reported directly to the AC.  

 

The AC considers the nature of the matter and further independent investigations may be carried out 

by the internal audit department.  

 

Enterprise Risk Management 

 

LAP maintains an enterprise risk framework which manages the risk of failure in achieving strategic 

objectives. Under this framework, all key operations are required to carry out a self-assessment 

exercise on a yearly basis.  

 

This risk assessment requires key operations to identify risks, assess risk likelihood and impacts, 

and consider the effectiveness of the existing controls. All operation heads of department are 

involved in these assessments and are required to provide a written assurance to the adequacy and 

effectiveness of their departmental internal control system and risk management. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Incidents in relation to 

non-compliance and 

business ethics 

 

FY2018 

 

FY2019 

 

Target FY2020 

 

Nil 

 

Nil 

 

Nil 












 

11 | P a g e  

 



 

 

Our Operations 

 

LAP is headquartered in Singapore and has been listed on the mainboard of the  

Singapore Stock Exchange since 1981.  

 

              

 

Lime Manufacturing 

 

Established in 2004, Compact Energy Sdn Bhd (CESB) is a wholly owned  

subsidiary of LAP. based in Banting Selangor, Malaysia. 

 

With 2 units of 600 metric tons per day (MTPD)  

twin-shaft circular Maerz limekiln, CESB has an  

annual production capacity of 420,000 MT quicklime  

and 1 unit of 200 MTPD hydrated lime plant with an  

annual output capacity of 72,000 MT. 

 

The uses of quicklime and hydrated lime include: 

 

• 

Steel manufacturing 

• 

Soil stabilization 

• 

Sugar production 

• 

Portable water treatment 

• 

Air pollution abatement 

 

 

Steel Consumables Trading 

 

 

Our subsidiary, LAP Trading &amp; Marketing (LAPT)  

resumed its trading activities during the year. 

 

LAPT deals in steel manufacturing 

consumables such as  

steel scraps, electrodes., 

etc.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 












 

12 | P a g e  

 







Below 30

72%

31‐50

20%

Above 50

8%

AGE





Our Employees 

 

People is most important to the sustainability of our group. Our emphasis in the welfare of our 

employees can be seen in our dedication to ensure a healthy and ethical work environment. Our 

operating policies and procedures are all testaments to our effort in this regard.  

 

Diversity 

 

We have a total of 59 employees in LAP, comprising 58 permanent and 1 contract staff. Employees 

at the headquarters in Singapore consists entirely of Singaporeans and permanent residents.  

 

These are the diversity of the workforce in our group for 

2019: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Wages and employee benefits 

 

We have complied with the Ministry of Manpower requirement on wages and contracts 

documentation. Additionally, permanent staff are entitled to a range of benefits.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

Non Discrimination 

 

We have a zero tolerance policy towards gender discrimination and sexual harassment.  







Malay

62%

Chinese 

27%

Indian

9%

Others

2%

RACE 









Male

78%

Female

22%

GENDER












 

13 | P a g e  

 

Our Employees 

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

 

At our lime production plant, the health and safety system is a framework developed to 

systematically and methodically manage risks in all work processes. It requires swift investigation of 

any incident, and promotes a culture of open reporting. We strive for zero fatalities and accidents.  

 

 

Accidents and Fatalities 

 

 

FY2018 

 

FY2019 

 

Target FY2020 

 

Nil 

 

Nil 

 

Nil 

 

The Safety Committee (SC), comprising the Assistant General Manager, Safety Officer and 

representatives from various departments, has been established to implement and monitor the 

safety program. It is compulsory for all production staff to adhere strictly to the relevant Standard 

Operation Procedures under the Group’s Corporate Policies and Procedures as well as Safety 

Regulations. Every new staff undergo training and education about health and safety, in addition to 

training on the job. 

 

The SC conducts safety meeting on a quarterly basis, so as to instil and reinforce our staff with 

safety awareness. In our pursuit of a safe working environment, safety procedures are reviewed 

and appropriate actions are recommended where necessary. To ensure effectiveness, the meeting 

requires attendance from all staff, and an attendance rate of 90% must be achieved. The safety 

committee also tests the fire protection alarm system on a regular basis to ensure the system’s 

effectiveness. 

 

The emergent response team is set to comprise all levels of employees from department managers 

to workers. The team will respond to any incidents such as operational interruptions or natural 

disaster.  

 

Employees are reimbursed for visits to medical facilities and are protected by insurance.  

 

Training and Education 

 

LAP encourages its employees to engage in continuous learning and development. We invest in 

them and provide support to grow professionally and achieve their full potential. The human 

resource department plans and develop the training programme for the group.  

 

All employees are entitled to a maximum of 80 hours training per year, which could be in the form of 

internal or external training. Employees are also accorded annual performance reviews and target 

setting exercises.   

 

 

 

FY2018 

FY2019 

Total Training Hours 

436 

777 

Average Training Hours per Employee Trained 

7.4 

7.8 

 

The average training hours per employee for FY2019 is about the same as FY2018. We target to 

keep the average training hours per employee at around 8 hours per year. 

 

 

 

 

 

 












 

14 | P a g e  

 

Our Employees 

 

 

LAP provides support for training and education in various ways, including the reimbursement of 

membership fees and approval of study and exam leaves.  

By supporting education and training, the group hopes to maintain its people, and build a 

competitive labour force for its business. 

Economic 

 

 

Markets 

 

In the face of global economic uncertainties, the markets which LAP operates in have been 

challenging and competition is intense. Strengthening existing business ties with customers, 

developing broader customer base, building customer trust are seen as crucial factors for business 

sustainability. The company strives to deliver high quality products in order to enhance the brand 

loyalty.  

 

The company keeps a close scrutiny on the market through close collaboration with customers and 

other business partners. Competition is one of the main challenges, the company emphasises on 

high quality product and better customer services to differentiate ourselves from our competitors 

 

Customers 

 

Our customers are placed as the top priority in our company.  We collaborate with our customers 

through regular meetings to better understand their needs.  

 

In order to maintain a good customer relationship, the company not only strives to improve product 

quality, but also commit to the shortest delivery time, the provision of on demand solutions, et cetera. 

 

Products 

 

Our products could be used in numerous industries including steel manufacturing, water treatment, 

soil stabilization, sugar production et cetera.  Being a quality conscious producer, we place extra 

emphasis on the quality of our products that we offered to our customers. 

 

To ensure only high quality products leave our plant, our quality control teams conduct stringently 

inspections before deliveries are made to our customers. Our customer service team proactively 

communicate with our customers, customer feedback are gathered and communicated to quality 

control team for quality improvement.  

 

Our production team monitors the condition of the plant, and make every effort to ensure our plant is 

operating at its optimum level with consistent output. 

 

Suppliers 

 

In the interests of business integrity, we seek to ensure that all the materials inputs in our operations 

are responsibly and reliably sourced.   

 

To achieve this, we rely on the effective internal management systems, strong supplier relationships, 

and close customer collaborations.  The company is faced with limited raw material selection options, 

such risk is addressed through supplier’s long term commitments to our business. Options are being 

considered for the purpose of reducing the reliance on main suppliers. 












 

15 | P a g e  

 

Environment 

 

 

 

Our plants in the lime manufacturing segment consumes substantial amount of energy during 

operations. Additionally, large amount of dusts and gases are produced which could be harmful to 

the environment if not controlled. In LAP’s environmental policy, energy usage and emissions are 

the two points of focus.  

 

Energy 

 

The conservation of energy is crucial in lowering production costs. The energy usage review 

taskforce identifies energy saving opportunities throughout the entire manufacturing supply chain. 

Plans and targets are communicated to every staff and reviewed annually. Incentive is given to 

employees with innovative ideas to reduce the use of energy.  

 

The table below shows the non-renewable fuel consumptions: 

 

 

FY2018 

(Restated) 

KwH(’000) 

FY2019 

 

KwH(’000) 

Petcoke 

127,677 

161,108 

Diesel 

1,922 

2,677 

Electricity 

6,950 

10,310 

Total 

136,549 

174,095 

Total Production (MT) 

151,438 

213,438 

Energy consumption rate KwH per MT 

0.90 

0.82 

 

The total consumptions of the non-renewable fuel increased as compared to last year due to more 

production activities, however the energy consumption rate reduced from 0.90Kwh per MT to 0.82 

Kwh per MT. The lime plant is being underutilised, more production will result in better utilisation of 

the plant therefore lower energy consumption rate. 

 

While the business environment remains volatile, the operating unit faces intensive market 

competitions, it in turn affects the efficient usage of the plant. We will closely monitor the energy 

consumption rate by targeting at same level consumption rate. 

 

Besides the aim of lowering energy consumption rate, the use of cleaner energy in the form of 

electricity is encouraged to reduce the reliance on diesel. After the completion of the ongoing 

relocation plans, we hope to implement more strategies and further improve on conserving energy.  

 

 












 

16 | P a g e  

 

Environment 

 

Emission  

 

In the process of lime manufacturing, the amount of dusts and gases generated has to comply with 

the environmental regulations. We consistently monitor our emissions and ensure compliance at all 

times.  

 

The following tables disclosed the emissions: 

 

Quick lime plant 

mg/m3 

FY2018 

(Restated) 

FY2019 

Compliance limit 

Dust 

1.1 – 32.1 

2.1 – 79.4 

50 

 

Hydration lime plant 

mg/m3 

FY2018 

FY2019 

Compliance limit 

Dust 

0.7 – 9.0   

11.1 – 65.9   

50 

 

The test results are conducted by a third party consultant, Procoma Environmental (M) Sdn Bhd. 

The dust emissions from the limekiln and hydration plant have exceeded the compliance limit in 

FY2019, this is due to the dust filtering equipment are out of function, the maintenance team 

immediately fixed the dysfunctional equipment after the test.  

 

The environmental impact from the emissions, were largely eased by the geographic location which 

is far away from the population condensed area. 

 

Despite the plant is located in a remote area, we will continue with our efforts to maintain the 

acceptable level of emissions as per required by the local regulations.  

 

Uses of our product to benefit the environment  

 

Our lime products helps to address two main environmental issues: water and air pollution.  

 

In water treatment plants, the use of lime products is essential for the treatment of drinking water. 

Raw water will be purified through the removal of impurities and limit the growth of bacteria. Its 

alkaline nature also helps to neutralise acidic water. We hope that our products will ensure that such 

a basic daily necessity in life is made readily available to everyone.  

 

In factories and industries, the lime products are a cost effective method to treat waste water which 

would otherwise cause pollution when released into the sewage system.  The odour from waste 

water will be removed and the pH adjusted. Metallic components are precipitated from the 

hazardous liquid preventing contamination of the environment.  

 

The lime products also aid in absorbing and neutralising sulphuric components in the air. Industrial 

and incineration plants contributing to air pollution will be able to comply with air quality regulations 

and do their part in protecting the environment with the use of our products.  

 












 

17 | P a g e  

 

 

GRI Content Index – Core Option 

 

 

GRI 

Indicat

or 

 

General Disclosures 

 

Reference 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Sustainability Report (About This Report) 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and 

services 

Sustainability Report page (Our Operations) 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Sustainability Report page (Our Operations) 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Sustainability Report page (Our Operations) 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report page (Notes to FS – General) 

 

Annual Report page (Shareholding Statistics) 

102-6 

Markets served 

Annual Report page (Financial information by 

operating segments) 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Annual Report page (Business structure) 

102-8 

Information on employees and 

other workers 

Sustainability Report (Our Employees) 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Sustainability Report (Our Operations) 

 

102-10 

Significant changes to the 

organisation and its supply chain 

There are no significant changes 

102-11 Precautionary principle or 

approach 

Sustainability report (Sustainability at Lion 

Asiapac) 

102-13 Membership of associations 

Singapore National Employers Federation 

102-14 Statement from senior decision-

maker 

Sustainability report (Statement from the 

Executive Director) 

102-15 Key impacts, risks and 

opportunities 

Annual report page (Chairman’s Message) 

 

Annual report page (Information on financial 

risks) 

102-16 Value, principles, standards and 

norms of behaviour 

Sustainability report (Governance) 

 

Annual report page (Corporate Governance 

report) 

102-17 Mechanisms for advice and 

concerns about ethics 

Sustainability report (Governance) 

 

Annual report (Corporate Governance report) 

102-18 Governance structure 

Annual Report page (Business structure) 

 

Annual report page (Management team) 

102-20 Executive-level responsibility for 

economic, environmental and 

social topics 

Sustainability Report (Board Statement) 

102-23 Chair of the highest governance 

body 

Annual Report (Corporate Governance Report)

102-24 Nominating and selecting the 

highest governance body 

Annual Report page (Corporate Governance 

Report) 

102-35 Remuneration policies 

Annual Report page (Corporate Governance 

Report) 

102-36 Process for determining 

remuneration 

Annual Report page (Corporate Governance 

Report) 












 

18 | P a g e  

 

 

GRI Content Index – Core Option 

 

GRI 

Indicator 

General Disclosures 

Reference 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Sustainability Report (Stakeholder 

Engagement) 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreement 

There is no collective bargaining 

agreement 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Sustainability Report (Stakeholder 

Engagement) 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Sustainability Report (Stakeholder 

Engagement) 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Sustainability report (Materiality 

Assessment) 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

Annual report page (Notes to FS –

Investment in subsidiaries) 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries 

Sustainability report (Materiality 

Assessment) 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Sustainability report (Materiality 

Assessment) 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

Sustainability 

report

(Environment) 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Sustainability Report (About this 

Report) 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Sustainability Report (About this 

Report) 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

Sustainability Report (About this 

Report) 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Sustainability Report (About this 

Report) 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

Sustainability Report (About this 

Report) 

 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

Sustainability Report (About this 

Report) 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Sustainability Report (GRI Content 

Index) 

102-56 

External assurance 

We have not engaged third party 

assurance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

Annual Report 

205-3 

Anti-corruption 

Sustainability Report 

(Governance) 

302-1 

Energy consumption 

Sustainability Report 

(Environment) 

305-7 

Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulphur oxides 

(SOX), and other significant air emissions 

Sustainability Report 

(Environment) 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism and number of work-related 

fatalities 

Sustainability Report 

(Occupational Health &amp; Safety) 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per 

employee 

Sustainability Report (Training and 

Education) 

 

