


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

LY CORPORATION 

LIMITED 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

STAYING 

THE COURSE 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 2020 








 

Table of Contents 

BOARD STATEMENT ............................................................................................................................. 1 

ABOUT THIS REPORT ........................................................................................................................... 2 

KEY HIGHLIGHTS .................................................................................................................................. 3 

MANAGING SUSTAINABILITY AT LY CORPORATION ....................................................................... 4 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT ........................................................................................................... 6 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT ............................................................................................................... 9 

ENVIRONMENTAL ............................................................................................................................... 13 

SOCIAL ................................................................................................................................................. 15 

GOVERNANCE ..................................................................................................................................... 22 

ECONOMIC........................................................................................................................................... 26 

GRI CONTENT INDEX ......................................................................................................................... 30 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This document has been reviewed by the Company's Sponsor, Xandar Capital Pte. Ltd. It has not been 

examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”) and the 

SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this report, including the correctness of any of 

the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this report. 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms Pauline Sim Poi Lin, Head of Corporate Finance, at 3 Shenton 

Way #24-02 Shenton House Singapore 068805, telephone (65) 6319 4954.  

 


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

1 

BOARD STATEMENT 

Dear Stakeholders, 

LY Corporation Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) is pleased to 

present its sustainability report (this “Report”) for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 

(“FY2020”).  

The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic has significantly disrupted the global supply chain and 

businesses worldwide are striving to overcome these challenging times. Nonetheless, the Group 

remain committed to sail through this crisis and conduct our business in an economically sustainable 

manner.  

Our Board of Directors (the “Board”) is dedicated to the Group’s sustainability efforts and is 

responsible for determining and overseeing the Group’s material sustainability topics. The Board has 

considered the sustainability topics as part of its strategy formulation.  

Under the guidance of the Board, our Sustainability Steering Committee (which comprises the head 

of departments of the various departments of the Group) plays an essential role in ensuring the 

successful implementation of our sustainability initiatives. With the aim of fostering greater 

transparency and accountability, this report presents our initiatives, progress and targets towards 

achieving sustainable growth.  

In view of the COVID-19 pandemic, we place the protection of the health and safety of our employees 

as top priority. In order to safeguard the wellbeing of our employees, we have implemented safety 

measures such as the mandatory wearing of face masks, safe distancing and regular sanitisation at our 

workplaces and health screening for our employees.  

We have also put in place appropriate measures to enhance our operational resilience and maintain 

our ability to generate returns for our stakeholders amidst the economic uncertainties and operational 

challenges brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic.  

We continue to stay committed to conducting business in a sustainable manner by engaging in 

environmentally friendly initiatives such as sourcing of sustainable raw materials and recycling of 

waste materials generated in the course of production. We also embarked on our journey on adopting 

renewable energy sources to reduce our carbon footprint.  

We also recognise that the success of our sustainability journey requires a concerted and continuous 

effort from all our valued stakeholders. Hence, we would like to take this opportunity to express our 

utmost gratitude towards the Board, the management of the Group (the “Management”) and all our 

staff for their contribution and unwavering commitment to achieve our sustainability goals.  

We are committed to build a sustainable future and deliver greater value to our esteemed 

stakeholders.  

 

 


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

2 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

This Report provides a summary of the Group’s approaches, initiatives and strategies related to 

sustainability and responsible business practices.  

 

REPORTING FRAMEWORK  

This Report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: 

Core option and the Listing Manual (Section B: Rules of Catalist) (“Catalist Rules”) of the SGX-ST 

(namely, Catalist Rules 711A and 711B). The Company has selected the GRI Standards as it is a globally 

recognised and widely adopted framework, which enables our stakeholders to compare our 

sustainability performance against our industry peers. 

The content of this Report is defined by the four (4) reporting principles under the GRI Standards – 

Stakeholder Inclusiveness, Sustainability Context, Materiality and Completeness.  

 

SCOPE OF REPORT 

The report covers the Group’s furniture manufacturing and sale businesses in Malaysia for FY2020, 

which comprises: 

 

LY Furniture Sdn. Bhd. and LY Global Hub Sdn. Bhd. (collectively “LY Furniture”) 

 

Leyo Holdings Sdn. Bhd. and its subsidiaries, Leyo Manufacturing Sdn. Bhd. and Titan 

Hardware Sdn. Bhd. (collectively “LHG”) 

 

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE AND REPORT DEVELOPMENT  

The Board provides the oversight of the performance of the Sustainability Steering Committee (“SSC”) 

and the Sustainability Working Committee (“SWC”) which are responsible for implementation of 

sustainability initiatives for the Group. 

 

FEEDBACK 

This report forms part of our Annual Report for FY2020 (“2020 Annual Report”) and can be viewed or 

downloaded from https://investor.lyfurniture.com/. As part of our continued efforts to improve our 

reporting, we welcome our stakeholders to submit their feedback to the following personnel: 

 

Mr. Tan Yong Chuan, Chief Executive Officer (CEO) at tanyc@lyfurniture.com 

 

 

Ms. Teo Gin Lian, Chief Financial Officer (CFO) at teogl@lyfurniture.com  

 

 


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

3 

KEY HIGHLIGHTS 

 

 

 

Dimensions 

Material Areas 

FY2020 Achievements 

Environmental  Material Use 

 

Dedicated in attaining PEFC in the financial year 

ending 31 December 2022 (“FY2022”) 

 

85% of wood from sustainable source (FY2019: 90%) 

Social 

Training 

and 

Development 

 

Attained an average 4.6 training hours per 

employee (FY2019: 7.3 training hours) 

Workplace 

Health 

and Safety 

 

Achieved zero cases of workplace fatalities (FY2019: 

zero cases) 

Governance 

Corporate 

Governance 

 

Complied with principles of the Code of Corporate 

Governance and provided explanations where there 

are deviations to the Code of Corporate Governance 

(FY2019: same as FY2020) 

 

Ethics, Bribery and 

Corruption 

 

Achieved zero cases which are unethical, fraudulent 

or corrupt in nature (FY2019: zero cases) 

 

Regulatory 

Compliance 

 

Achieved zero significant fines and zero reported 

cases of non-compliance with all applicable laws, 

rules and regulations (FY2019: zero significant fines 

and zero reported cases) 

 

Economic 

Economic Agility 

 

Launched nine (9) new products for LY Furniture and 

one (1) new product line for LHG (FY2019: 39 new 

products for LY Furniture and diversified into 

original brand manufacturer business under LHG) 

 

Quality of Product 

and Services 

 

Invested 

approximately 

RM84,000 

(FY2019: 

RM44,000) for quality review purpose  

 

Achieved zero cases of significant chargeback under 

LY Furniture and LHG (FY2019: six cases) 

 

Customer 

Satisfaction 

 

Achieved an average of 4.1 (over a full score of 5.0) 

across all three (3) aspects for the customer 

satisfaction survey (FY2019: 3.7) 






LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

4 

MANAGING SUSTAINABILITY AT LY CORPORATION 

We recognise the importance of a robust sustainability governance structure to ensure accountability 

and transparency. The SSC, supported by the SWC, takes a pro-active role in executing and monitoring 

of the Group’s sustainability practices and performance. The SSC comprises the Heads of Departments 

from Finance, Sales &amp; Marketing, Administration, Purchasing &amp; Procurement and Operations 

departments.  

 

Sustainability Steering Committee 

Sustainability Working Committee 

Sustainability Team Effort 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY STEERING COMMITTEE 

 

 

 

 





 

Role

The SSC provides oversight and updates 

the Board and Management on the 

Group's policies, strategies and initiatives 

regarding sustainability measures and 

corporate social responsibility.



Performance Goals

The SSC determines and monitors the 

goals established for its performance 

regarding sustainability measures and 

corporate social responsibility and 

assesses the Group’s progress against 

those goals.



Periodic Feedback

The SSC receives regular feedback from 

the Management regarding key 

stakeholders' relationship management, 

especially those that may have a 

significant impact on the Group's 

business activities and performance.



Reporting and Disclosure

The SSC issues the sustainability reports 

and is also responsible for reporting to 

the Board on sustainability matters as 

needed, but minimally on an annual 

basis.





Sustainability Steering Committee 


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

5 

SUSTAINABILITY WORKING COMMITTEE 

The SWC consists of representatives from Finance, Sales &amp; Marketing, Administration, Purchasing &amp; 

Procurement and Operations departments. Under the directives of SSC, the representatives are 

responsible for implementing the Group’s sustainability initiatives.  

 

 

Roles and Responsibilities of the SWC 

 

Sustainability Working Committee

Finance

Sales &amp; 

Marketing

Administration

Purchasing &amp; 

Procurement

Operations



• Ensure that accounts are prepared accurately and timely

• Provide required data for the purposes of monitoring 

and reporting on sustainability topics

Finance



• Secure new customers and orders

• Procure repeat orders from existing customers

• Address customers' requirements and concerns over our 

products

Sales &amp; Marketing



• Work along with the Health, Safety &amp; Environmental 

Department to handle workplace health and safety 

matters and proper disposal of waste

Administration



• Ensure that materials purchased for production meet 

our quality standards and customers' requirements

Purchasing &amp; Procurement



• Ensure that products are produced in accordance with 

customers' specifications and delivered to our customers 

timely

• Ensure minimal wastage during production

Operations


 

 6 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

Under the GRI Standards, stakeholders are defined as “entity or individual that can reasonably be 

expected to be significantly affected by the reporting organisation’s activities, products and services, 

or whose actions can reasonably be expected to affect the ability of the organisation to successfully 

implement its strategies and achieve its objectives” and we have identified our key stakeholders 

accordingly as presented in the table below. We strive to maintain open communication and strong 

relationships with our stakeholders regularly to better understand their expectations and concerns. 

Their valuable inputs guide us to make better-informed decisions and implement appropriate 

sustainable business strategies for the Group.  

Our approach towards stakeholder engagement is summarised as follows:  

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

Platforms 

Frequency 

Key Feedback/ 

Concern 

Commitments to 

Sustainability 

Investors 

Annual general 

meeting 

Annual 

 

Sustainable 

profitability and 

shareholder 

returns 

 

Long-term 

business growth 

 

Accurate, timely 

and transparent 

disclosure of 

information 

 

High standards 

of corporate 

governance 

 

Strive to generate 

sustainable long-term 

profitability  

 

Adhere to timely, 

transparent and 

accurate dissemination 

of pertinent information 

to the market 

 

Ensure good corporate 

governance are in place 

in accordance to 

principles and provisions 

of the Code of Corporate 

Governance 2018 

(Please refer to our 

Corporate Governance 

Report set out on pages 

14 to 40 of our 2020 

Annual Report) 

Annual report 

Annual 

Financial result 

announcements 

Bi-annual 

Other corporate 

announcements 

Ad-hoc 

Company website 

Throughout 

the year 

Employees 

and Workers 

Performance 

reviews with Heads 

of Department 

Quarterly 

 

Job security 

 

Safe working 

environment 

 

Fair and 

competitive 

employment 

practices 

 

Staff 

development 

and well-being 

 

Work-life 

balance 

 

Competitive 

remuneration 

and benefits 

 

Seek to ensure the job 

security of employees 

when making business 

decisions 

 

Create a safe and 

cohesive working 

environment 

 

Provide fair and equal 

opportunities to all 

employees 

 

Provide talks and 

trainings on safety 

(Please refer to the 

“Workplace Health and 

Safety” section of this 

Report) 

Training and 

development 

Throughout 

the year 

Feedback platform 

Throughout 

the year 


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

7 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

Platforms 

Frequency 

Key Feedback/ 

Concern 

Commitments to 

Sustainability 

 

Share economic value 

generated by the Group 

with employees through 

increments and bonuses 

Customers 

Emails 

Throughout 

the year 

 

Quality of 

finished goods 

 

Timely delivery 

of finished 

goods 

 

Competitive 

pricing 

 

Timely response 

to customer 

feedbacks and 

complaints 

 

Deliver products with 

high standards of quality 

and consistency 

according to customers’ 

specifications 

 

Ensure timely shipment 

of products 

 

Price negotiation with 

clients to ensure 

competitive pricing in 

the market while 

maintaining the Group’s 

profit margin 

 

Prompt to deliver after-

sales services upon 

customers’ requests 

Tele-conversations 

Throughout 

the year 

Physical and virtual 

meetups with 

customers 

Throughout 

the year 

Suppliers/ 

Sub-

contractors 

Emails 

Throughout 

the year 

 

Provide 

suppliers 

consistent / 

greater business 

opportunity 

 

Meeting our 

Group’s quality 

requirements 

 

Committed to making 

sustainable procurement 

choices 

 

Providing timely 

feedback on quality of 

materials/products to 

suppliers/sub-

contractors 

Tele-conversations 

Throughout 

the year 

Physical and virtual 

meetups with 

suppliers/sub-

contractors 

Ad-hoc 

Government/ 

Regulators 

Correspondences 

through emails and 

letters 

Throughout 

the year 

 

Compliance with 

laws, rules and 

regulations 

 

Corporate 

governance 

 

Safe working 

environment 

 

Strict compliance with 

relevant laws, rules and 

regulations 

 

Fair and reasonable 

business practices 

 

Prioritise employees’ 

health and safety 

 

Provide directors and 

employees regular 

trainings to update them 

of latest regulations and 

practices 

Meetings, briefings 

and regular 

reporting 

Ad-hoc 


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

8 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

Platforms 

Frequency 

Key Feedback/ 

Concern 

Commitments to 

Sustainability 

The 

Community 

Community 

outreach initiatives 

Ad-hoc 

 

Eco-sustainable 

business 

practices 

 

Responsible and 

ethical business 

practices 

 

Contribution to 

local community 

 

Understand and support 

initiatives by local 

community/ 

government 

 

Proper waste 

management and 

disposal system in place 

 

 


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

9 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

Through engagement with the Management, we took into consideration of the sustainability of our 

business model and assessed the material topics that were significant to the Group and its 

stakeholders. Our approach aims to be aligned with the reporting principles of Stakeholder 

Inclusiveness, Sustainability Context, Materiality and Completeness. 

The Group’s material topics are identified and prioritised in the materiality matrix. In accordance to 

the reporting principles, we consider the materiality topic’s importance to the stakeholders as well as 

the significance of the topic’s Economic, Environmental, Social and Governance impacts. The material 

topics are ranked in the materiality matrix and are further discussed in the subsequent pages of the 

report. 

 

 

 

MATERIAL TOPICS – AT A GLANCE 

A materiality analysis was performed to identify key sustainability issues that were significant to our 

stakeholders. This analysis guides us to focus on key areas that we can strengthen in so as to achieve 

a sustainable business model.  

Our review focuses on four (4) key sustainability dimensions with nine (9) identified topics. For each 

material topic, we report on its importance to our business and stakeholders, coupled with measures 

to mitigate it. For applicable topics, we have also included the COVID-19 related measures 

implemented in FY2020. 

Corporate Governance

Ethics, Bribery and Corruption

Regulatory Compliance

Economic Agility

Quality of Products and Services

Customer Satisfaction

Material Use

Training and Development

Workplace Health 

and Safety

Importance to Stakeholders

Significance of Economic, Environmental, Social and Governance Impact

Materiality Matrix


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

10 

Material Topic 

Relevance 

How We Are Addressing the Issue 

Environmental 

Material Use 

We believe in providing the best 

quality products to our customers but 

not 

at 

the 

expense 

of 

the 

environment. 

 

 

We are committed to achieve our 

economic goals in a sustainable and 

environmentally friendly manner. 

The Board and Management recognises 

the importance of using materials that 

adheres to our quality policy. We strive 

to 

make 

sustainable 

procurement 

choices. 

To further our sustainable efforts, we are 

still in the midst of attaining the 

Programme for the Endorsement of 

Forest 

Certification 

(“PEFC”), 

the 

application of which was affected by 

COVID-19 pandemic.  

Social 

Training 

and 

Development 

We 

believe 

that our 

business’ 

productivity 

and 

profitability 

is 

dependent on our human capital 

capacity and quality. Investing in 

training 

and 

development 

programmes to groom skilled and 

competent employees and workers 

create long-term value for our Group. 

We strive to retain our talent pool by 

offering them in-house and external 

training programmes.  

We advocate good working environment 

by providing orientation and on-job 

supervision and guidance.  

 

Workplace 

Health 

and 

Safety 

With the detrimental health impacts 

brought by the COVID-19 pandemic, 

we recognise that the health and 

safety of our employees are of utmost 

importance.  

We are committed to provide a safe 

and healthy working environment for 

all employees.  

 

 

We emphasis on the need of continuous 

training for the employees and workers 

to upkeep a high standard of workplace 

health and safety.  

In FY2020, we have sent our employees 

for trainings relating to topics such as fire 

drill, first aid and cardiopulmonary 

resuscitation (“CPR”) and COVID-19 

awareness.  

We conduct regular trainings to refresh 

employees and workers with the latest 

safety guidelines and strengthen their 

workplace health and safety awareness.  

We also adopted COVID-19 pandemic 

related safety measures such as safe 

distancing, health screening and regular 

sanitisation to promote a safe and 

healthy work environment for all 

employees. 


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

11 

Material Topic 

Relevance 

How We Are Addressing the Issue 

Material Topic 

Relevance 

How We Are Addressing the Issue 











Governance 

Corporate 

Governance 

We are committed to establish a 

strong corporate governance culture 

with zero tolerance towards unethical 

practices.  

 

We strive to uphold the highest standard 

of 

corporate 

governance 

and 

transparency and compliance to the 

principles of the Code of Corporate 

Governance.  

We established code of conduct which 

are expected to complied by all 

employees as our commitment to the 

ethical standards.  

Ethics, Bribery 

and 

Corruption 

We believe that upholding high 

standards of ethics and conducting 

our 

business 

with 

integrity 

is 

fundamental 

for 

the 

business’ 

success. 

Therefore, 

we 

are 

committed to building a positive 

corporate 

image 

through 

our 

exemplary corporate governance and 

business ethics.  

We 

have 

zero 

tolerance 

towards 

unethical practices, bribery, corruption 

and fraud. In the event of conflict of 

duties or interests, our employees are 

expected to make prompt disclosures.  

We also have a whistle-blowing policy in 

place to enable the reporting and follow-

up on concerns of malpractice or any 

suspicion of fraudulent or inappropriate 

activities within the Group 

We target to achieve zero cases of 

unethical, 

fraudulent 

or 

corrupted 

behaviours. 

Regulatory 

Compliance 

With a strong ethical culture, we seek 

to 

ensure 

compliance 

with 

all 

regulatory requirements at all times. 

Any breach of laws, rules and 

regulations could significantly hurt 

our businesses and negatively impact 

our reputation in the industry.  

The Board and Management set a strong 

tone at the top with zero tolerance 

towards any non-compliances with the 

Group’s policies, applicable laws, rules 

and regulations.  

The Group upholds a strong ethical 

culture and all employees are inculcated 

with the importance of regulatory 

compliance 

since 

their 

orientation 

training. 

In FY2020, there are zero significant fines 

and reportable cases of non-compliances 

with all applicable laws, rules and 

regulations.  

 

 


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

12 

Material Topic 

Relevance 

How We Are Addressing the Issue 

Economic 

Economic 

Agility 

We recognise the importance to 

adapt to the constantly evolving 

business environment in the furniture 

industry.  

We aim to be adaptable and expand 

into new markets and product 

offerings to diversify our risks and 

increase our market presence.  

We are dedicated to be economically 

agile and operationally ready to 

respond 

to 

the 

ever-changing 

pandemic situation.  

In FY2020, despite COVID-19 related 

operational restrictions, we managed to 

expand our product offerings with LY 

Furniture launching nine (9) new product 

models and LHG introducing one (1) new 

product line.  

We also implemented COVID-19 safety 

precautions 

and 

economically 

sustainable measures in order to ensure 

that our business stays operationally 

ready. 

We also believe that our strategy for 

diversification over the years will help us 

to mitigate the financial impact of the 

pandemic.  

Quality 

of 

Products and 

Services 

We believe that providing our 

customers with products and services 

of 

the 

highest 

quality 

is 

the 

cornerstone of business growth.  

We 

recognise 

that 

delivering 

consistent excellent quality products 

and services is critical for our 

customer satisfaction and brand 

loyalty.  

 

We uphold our standard of delivering 

quality products and services through 

our rigorous quality control inspections 

and dedication to customer service.  

Our quality assurance policy emphasizes 

the importance of products being of 

excellent quality before delivering to our 

customers.  

In FY2020, we have continued to invest 

in our quality review processes and will 

continue 

to 

enhance 

our 

quality 

assurance efforts to create greater value 

for our customers.  

We have zero cases of significant 

chargeback cases for LY Furniture in 

FY2020.  

Customer 

Satisfaction 

We recognise the importance of 

quality in our products and services, 

as it forms a large part of our 

branding. 

We are committed to providing our 

customers with high quality furniture 

and 

services, 

while 

seeking to 

maintain this business relationship in 

the long run. 

We are committed to engage in open 

communication with our customers and 

to hear their views and concerns.  

We have established feedback channels 

to receive prompt feedback. We also 

have formalised process in place to 

receive, escalate, follow-up and report 

customers’ feedback. 

 

 


 

 13 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

As we operate in the furniture manufacturing industry, we are fully aware of the importance of 

environmental protection and responsible use of resources. We are committed in reducing the 

ecological footprint created by our operational activities. It is our responsibility to educate our 

stakeholders and take on measures to minimise undesirable impacts on the environment such as 

pollution. We also strive to effectively manage our resource consumption.  

 

OUR APPROACH 

MATERIAL USE 

We endeavour to monitor and manage resources consumed by our business to demonstrate our 

dedication to a sustainable growth. We aim to make more sustainable procurement choices for our 

manufacturing operations and will always remind our suppliers to source from sustainable sources.  

In FY2020, 85% of our wood (that is, timber) were sourced from sustainable sources. There was a 

decline in usage of sustainable sourced wood as resources availability was affected by the COVID-19 

pandemic. Nonetheless, we conducted strict assessment of all our new suppliers and aim to make 

sustainable procurement choices with no detrimental impact to our environment.  

As part of our sustainable initiatives, we strive to use renewable material in our production process. 

With conscious efforts to track and monitor our material usage, we identified that we have utilised 

527,279,551 kilograms of wood material for production in FY2020.  

We resonate strongly with the value of promoting sustainable forest management in our business 

philosophy and are in the midst of attaining the Programme for the Endorsement of Forest 

Certification (“PEFC”), the application of which was delayed by the COVID-19 pandemic. We anticipate 

to complete the certification process and attain PEFC by FY2022. 

The receipt of PEFC will further reinforce our brand reputation as an eco-friendly business. Below are 

some of the benefits: 

(a) 

Enables us to source responsibly and to communicate to customers that the wood we are 

using for our products comes from sustainably managed forests; 

(b) 

Leading retailers are demanding PEFC-certified products as part of their corporate social 

responsibility commitments and are developing responsible procurement policies for many 

forest products.  With PEFC certification, we will be well placed to meet these requirements; 

(c) 

PEFC certification assists in meeting regulatory requirements such as the European Union 

Timber Regulation and the US Lacey Act; and 

(d) 

We are able to use the PEFC label by selling products produced from PEFC-certified material. 

Target for FY2020 

Performance in FY2020 

Target 

for 

financial 

year 

ending 31 December 2021 

(“FY2021”) 

To attain PEFC 

In Progress 

(FY2019: In Progress) 

To maintain our efforts in 

practising PEFC’s guides so as 

to attain PEFC by FY2022 


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

14 

Target for FY2020 

Performance in FY2020 

Target 

for 

financial 

year 

ending 31 December 2021 

(“FY2021”) 

At least 90% of wood sourced 

from sustainable sources in 

FY2020 

85% of wood (that is, timber) 

were sourced from sustainable 

sources 

(FY2019: 90% of wood (that is, 

timber) were sourced from 

sustainable sources) 

At least 90% of wood sourced 

from sustainable sources in 

FY2021 

 

ENERGY USE 

We are exploring efficient and renewable solar solutions to reduce carbon footprint and diversify our 

energy supply in a sustainable manner. In FY2020, we have installed solar photovoltaic (PV) systems 

and the total solar active energy generated in FY2020 is 22.55MWh which is equivalent to 15.65 

tonnes of carbon dioxide (CO2) avoidance. 

WASTE MANAGEMENT 

We strive to minimise our waste generation through efficient resources usage and implementation of 

recycling measures. Recycling is the key to our waste management practices. In FY2020, LY Furniture 

recycled approximately 3,345,778 kilograms of wood waste, 66,967 kilograms of plastic waste, 24,910 

kilograms of carton waste and 28,987 kilograms of scrap iron. We use the wood waste generated in 

LY Furniture as feedstock for our factory boiler to produce heat for production process and also send 

sawdust to other companies for their usage. For LHG, approximately 129,370 kilograms of medium-

density fibreboard and chipboard waste were also sent to a third-party boiler for their usage.  

MOVING FORWARD 

Moving forward, we will continue to strive to attain PEFC. We also target to maintain our record of 

zero incidents of penalties for non-compliance to all relevant environmental regulations of the 

jurisdictions that we operate in. We will continue to endeavour in playing a proactive role in 

environmental conservation, seek innovative ways to enhance our waste management practices and 

increase our waste recycling rates.  

 

 

 


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

15 

SOCIAL 

LY stands for “Lian You” (联友), which means “uniting friends”. Hence, we strongly believe that one 

cannot succeed without friends, especially in an ever-changing and fast-growing globalised market. 

Our corporate philosophy extends to all our stakeholders as identified in previous pages. We are 

committed to bring about a positive contribution to the communities we operate in through our 

business activities and initiatives. 

We believe that our employees are key to our continued success and hence the need to empower 

them and continually invest in employee training and development. We also strive to be a socially 

responsible corporate and endeavour in social initiatives to contribute back to the society.  

OUR APPROACH 

TALENT ATTRACTION AND RETENTION 

Our sustained growth dependent on our ability to attract and retain talents. Our employees’ 

compensation packages are set in line with job requirements as well as qualifications and experience. 

In addition, Management also conducts periodic review of employees’ compensation package to 

ensure that they remain competitive and adequate according to industry standards.  

Our compensation package includes benefits such as personal and family medical allowance. In 

addition, marriage leave, prenatal leave and paternity leave are also extended to our employees as 

long as they meet the requirements.  

To foster the culture of employee appreciation, employees who have been with us for more than five 

(5) years of continuous service and have performed well are eligible for long service awards in 

recognition of their efforts for their valued contribution and dedicated services over the years.  

Employees’ Profile 

As at 31 December 2020, we have 1,737 LY Furniture employees and 102 LHG employees, a total of 

1,839 employees, all of whom are permanent employees. In FY2020, there was an increase of 189 

employees as compared to the prior year.  

Due to the nature of our operations, a significant proportion of our employees are male.   

 

 





Female

20%

Male

80%

EMPLOY EE S ' PROFIL E - BY  G EN DER


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

16 

We establish good working relationship with our employees and have a high employee retention rate. 

More than 50% of our employees have been with us for at least two (2) years, with approximately 15% 

of employees having over six (6) years of employment with us.  

 

 

TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT 

We believe in developing and nurturing employees to build a competent team which to meet the 

business goals of the Group. We ensure that employees are presented with learning and training 

opportunities to upgrade their skill sets and meet their professional development needs. 

In-house training and development programmes are conducted to educate our employees about the 

Group’s processes and industry standards. In FY2020, we conducted training for employees on topics 

such as COVID-19 awareness, fire drill, first aid, CPR, security, cyber security and information security 

and department/function-specific training. Our employees’ knowledge and competency are further 

nurtured through on-the-job training and coaching.  

The average number of training hours clocked in FY2020 was 4.6 hours per employee. We also seek 

to ensure that our employees at all levels are adequately involved in training and development 

activities.  

The details of our employee training statistics were as follows: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 









Up to 1 Year

46%

2 to 5 Years

39%

6 to 10 Years

11%

More than 10 

Years

4%

EMPLOY EE S ' PROFIL E - Y EARS OF SERVIC E





3.7

8.3

0.0

2.0

4.0

6.0

8.0

10.0

Male employees

Female employees

AVERAG E N UM BER OF 

TRAININ G HOURS BY  GEN DER


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

17 

 

Notes:  

1:  

Senior management refers to employees with designation of Assistant Manager and above (excluding general 

workers from production function). 

2:  

Middle management refers to employees with designation of Executive and below (including general workers 

from production function). 

 

The average number of training hours for female employees were approximately double of male 

employees as there were more male employees in the production division, where training mostly took 

the form of on-the-job training. The average training hours for administrative function were more 

than production and technical function in FY2020 as there were lesser production and technical 

function related trainings conducted due to social distancing measures arising from the COVID-19 

outbreak.  

Generally, there was a decline in the number of training hours for FY2020 as it was more difficult to 

conduct training in view of stringent safety requirements imposed due to COVID-19 outbreak.  

We also established a quarterly performance evaluation system which provides prompt feedback for 

employees and help them improve on identified gaps and reinforce good practices. The evaluation 

criteria include quality of work, quantity of work done, work responsibility, timeliness in work, ability 

to take instructions from supervisors, relationship with co-workers and critical thinking. A score of 1 

being lowest and 5 being highest, will be graded for each employee by their supervisors and reviewed 

by the Heads of Department. Regular reviews help employees to monitor their development and also 

provide timely reward for good performance.  

Target for FY2020 

Performance in FY2020 

Target for FY2021 

Increase the average number 

of training hours provided to 

our employees by 5% 

Average of 4.6 hours of 

training was provided 

(FY2019: Average of 7.3 hours 

was provided) 

To provide an average of 4 

hours of training per employee 

for the Group. 

 

WORKPLACE HEALTH AND SAFETY 

It is vital for our business to ensure workplace health and safety to promote the well-being of both 

employer and employee. It is our duty to continuously enforce a culture with good health and safety 

practices.  







5.5

14.6

3.6

0.0

10.0

20.0

Technical function

Administrative function

Production function

AVERAG E N UM BER OF 

TRAININ G HOURS BY  

EMPLOY EE F UN CTIO N





22.0

4.1

0.0

5.0

10.0 15.0 20.0 25.0

Senior management

Middle management

AVERAG E N UM BER OF 

TRAININ G HOURS BY  LEVEL


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

18 

Our Group’s Safety, Health and Environment Policy (“SHE Policy”) serves as a guideline for health and 

safety practices for all employees. Our SHE Policy sets a strong tone that safety and health is a joint 

responsibility between the Management and workers within our Group. Our Management is in charge 

of ensuring the compliance of all environment, health and safety laws, rules and regulations. It is also 

necessary to ensure that all workers are properly trained with adequate health and safety practices. 

They are also strongly encouraged to promptly report to their supervisors if they observed any safety 

violations or unsafe work practices. LY Furniture is also ISO45001:2018 certified for occupational 

health and safety management system for manufacture of wooden furniture.  

Our Safety, Health and Environment Committee (“SHE Committee”) is responsible for ensuring that 

the policy is understood and adhered by all employees and workers. Our SHE Committee for LY 

Furniture is led by a Chairman and supported by an Assistant Chairman, two (2) Secretaries and 55 

Safety Officers from various factories and warehouses. Our SHE Committee for LHG is headed by a 

Chairman, a Vice Chairman, a Secretary and eight (8) representatives from factories.  

In LY Furniture, to identify work related hazards that poses a high consequence work injury, we 

adopted the following model for every work activity:  

 

We adopted measures such as usage of personal protective equipment and engineering control, 

wherever it is appropriate. We also installed machine covers to reduce sound level and pinch hazard 

to safeguard the health and safety of our employees. 

In FY2020, LHG has zero cases of workplace injuries and fatalities and LY Furniture has a total of 40 

reported injuries and zero cases of fatalities. Our overall work-related injury rate (per 1,000,000 

manhours worked) has increased from 6.30 in FY2019 to 10.37 in FY2020. The breakdown of the injury 

rate was as follows:  

Indicator 

FY2020 

Total Number 

Rate per 1,000,000 

man-hours worked 

Fatalities as a result of work-related injury 

0 

0 

High-consequence work-related injuries 1 

14 

3.63 

Number of recordable work-related injuries 2,  

excluding high-consequence work-related injuries 

26 

6.74 

Overall work-related injury incidents 

40 

10.37 

Number of hours worked 

3,856,320 

N/A 

Notes: 

1:  

High-consequence work-related injuries refers to work-related injury that results in a fatality or in an injury from 

which the worker cannot, does not, or is not expected to recover fully to pre-injury health status within six (6) 

months 

2:  

Recordable work-related injuries refers to work-related injury or ill health that results in any of the following: 

death, days away from work, restricted work or transfer to another job, medical treatment beyond first aid, or loss 

of consciousness; or significant injury or ill health diagnosed by a physician or other licensed healthcare 

professional, even if it does not result in death, days away from work, restricted work or job transfer, medical 

treatment beyond first aid, or loss of consciousness 

Classify work 

activity

Identify 

hazard

Determine 

hazard

Determine if 

risk is 

tolerable

Prepare risk 

assessment

Review the 

effectiveness


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

19 

The main causes of the aforementioned work-related injuries were due to human error especially 

relating to machine handling and not adhering to work instructions. We have since performed briefing 

to supervisors to step up on continuous supervision to ensure that all employees properly handle 

machinery and equipment with care and strong safety awareness.  

Occupational Health and Safety Measures 

We have taken proactive steps to ensure that first-aid rooms are maintained and trained first aiders 

are available at every factory in LY Furniture. For employees who require medical check-ups or 

treatments, we will arrange transport to send them to health clinics to seek medical attention.  

Fire drills are conducted to ensure that employees are aware of how to use fire-fighting equipment 

and how to respond in a fire safety situation.  

Each of our factories have at least one (1) Emergency Response Team (ERT) member who is well versed 

in the appropriate responses to various emergency situations occurring at the factories.  

We have also obtained Group’s personal accident and life insurance to ensure adequate insurance 

coverage for all staff in LY Furniture. We prioritise the welfare of our employees and have provided 

the option of 8 panel clinics for employees in LY Furniture who requires medical check-up or 

treatment. For LHG, we also provided seven (7) panel clinics for all confirmed staff to receive annual 

medical check-up. All foreign workers are provided with transport to clinics as and when required.  

First Aid and Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation (“CPR”) Training 

Knowledge of first aid and CPR is of vital importance, especially so in a manufacturing work 

environment. We conduct first aid and CPR training regularly to educate our employees on their roles 

and responsibilities and the right way to administer first aid and CPR. We have 25 certified first aiders 

in LY Furniture in FY2020. 

 

 

First Aid and CPR Training 

 

 

 






LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

20 

COVID-19 Awareness Training 

In order to protect our employees from the detrimental health effects of COVID-19 pandemic, we have 

implemented COVID-19 awareness training to educate our employees on the risks, preventive 

measures and personal health care. The training was conducted at each of our factories in open spaces 

with adequate social distancing measures in place.  

 

 

COVID-19 Awareness Training 

 

 

COVID-19 Safety Measures 

As of 4 January 2021, 15 of our employees were infected with COVID-19. They have all since recovered. 

In view of the detrimental health impact of COVID-19 pandemic, we strive to protect our employees 

and workers and have implemented the following health and safety measures:  

 

Work-from-home arrangements for employees where possible; 

 

Split team arrangement and ensure there is no cross deployment or interaction between 

employees of different shifts where possible; 

 

Conduct of virtual meetings between colleagues, customers and employees where possible to 

minimise physical contact; 

 

Centralised hostel for LY Furniture’s foreign workers to reduce interaction with foreign workers 

from other companies;  

 

Conducted swab tests for all local and foreign workers at LY furniture; 

 

Conducted swab test for all foreign workers at LHG and for those who displayed COVID-19 related 

unwell symptoms;  

 

Mandated wearing of face masks at our workplace; 

 

Provision of hand sanitisers to employees at accessible locations; 

 

Frequent disinfection of common areas in office;  

 

Daily temperature screening for all on-site employees; 

 

Conduct of health declarations and MySejahtera scans at all factories; 

 

Active monitoring of employees’ health via daily health declaration; and 

 

Formalised reporting procedures for any suspected and confirmed COVID-19 cases within the 

Group. 

 

 






LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

21 

We will continue to stay vigilant and undertake adequate preventive measures for COVID-19 to 

safeguard the health and safety of our employees and workers. 

Perpetual Target 

Performance in FY2020 

To achieve zero case of workplace injuries and 

fatalities 

There was a total of 40 injuries and zero fatality in 

FY2020. 

(FY2019: 28 injuries and zero fatality) 

 

Contributing to our Community 

We strive to make positive contributions back to our local communities. Amidst the COVID-19 

pandemic, we were unable to conduct our annual blood donation drive in 2020. Instead, we have 

contributed a total of 10,000 pieces of face masks to a local hospital. 

 

MOVING FORWARD 

We will continue to invest in training and nurturing our employees for their skill upgrade and 

professional development. We will strive to achieve zero cases of workplace injuries and fatalities in 

FY2021 with our robust workplace health and safety measures established. We will also aim to create 

greater positive impact to the community by being more proactive in social initiatives.  

 

 


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

22 

GOVERNANCE 

We are committed to uphold high standards of ethics and corporate governance as we believe that 

this is fundamental in fostering stakeholders’ trust in our business. With a robust internal control 

system and high standard of corporate governance, we are dedicated to build a sound corporate with 

ethical environment that creates long term value for our stakeholders. We also strive to keep 

ourselves updated with the latest changes in legal and regulatory requirements to ensure compliance 

at all times. 

Enterprise Risk Management 

Enterprise risk management is a holistic business strategy that aims to identify, measure, prioritise 

and respond to risks that may hinder the achievement of the Group’s strategic objectives. Therefore, 

we perform annual enterprise risk assessment to identify and respond to emerging new risks and 

ensure that adequate mitigating controls are implemented to address existing risks identified.  

The enterprise risk assessment is conducted via environmental scanning activities and involves group 

discussions with top management and the respective risk owners in business units to identify and 

prioritise key business risks which may hamper our ability to achieve the Group’s strategic goals. 

We strive to stay vigilant and work closely with stakeholders to ensure that the risks are monitored 

and managed promptly. 

 

OUR APPROACH 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

We are dedicated to maintain the highest standards of corporate governance and foster a culture of 

transparency and accountability for a sustainable business that delivers long term stakeholder value. 

Our Board emphasises on a strong tone at the top of integrity and ethical behaviour for all employees.  

Our Group also strive to align with our corporate governance framework with the principles and 

provisions of the Code of Corporate Governance issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. We 

make sure that we keep ourselves updated with the latest changes so as to stay compliant with the 

Code of Corporate Governance at all times.  

We recognise the importance of having strong and independent element on the Board in order to 

exercise objective judgement on business decisions. It is also essential for progressive renewal of our 

Board composition.  

 

We strive to ensure that our Board and its committees (that is, Audit and Risk Committee, 

Remuneration Committee and Nominating Committee) is well-balanced with sufficient mix of 

directors with diversity, competency and independence for effective corporate governance and robust 

strategy formulation. 

 

 

Audit and Risk 

Committee

Remuneration 

Committee

Nominating Committee


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

23 

Perpetual Target 

Performance in FY2020 

To achieve zero non-compliance with the 

principles of the Code of Corporate Governance  

We have complied with the principles of the Code 

of 

Corporate 

Governance 

and 

provided 

explanations where there are deviations to the 

Code of Corporate Governance 2018 in our 2020 

Annual Report. 

(FY2019: same as FY2020) 

 

ETHICS, BRIBERY AND CORRUPTION 

We place utmost importance on high ethical standards for our business conduct. Our employees are 

expected to conduct business with professionalism and integrity. We believe that fostering credibility 

and achieving our strategic goals through ethical business conduct creates long term stakeholder 

value. In FY2020, we have zero reports relating to business conduct which are unethical, fraudulent or 

corrupt in nature.  

We have established Conflict of Interest Policy, Whistle-blowing Policy and Employment Code of 

Conduct as guidelines for employees in their business conduct. Every new employee is formally 

communicated about these policies during their onboarding. The key elements of the policies are as 

shown below:  

 

In the event if any concerns are raised, we have an Investigation Committee to ensure that adequate 

resources are in place to conduct prompt independent investigation and execute appropriate follow 

up action. This aims to provide a safe avenue for all stakeholders to report potential misconduct, 

especially on fraud, ethics, bribery, corruption and non-compliances without fear of reprisal.  

We place a strong emphasis on the importance of employees’ conduct and we expect them to display 

professional behaviour with integrity at all time. In FY2020, our Human Resources Department has 

conducted investigations and dismissed 20 employees due to misconduct. The reasons for misconduct 

mainly pertain to absenteeism and punctuality issues.  

Conflict of Interest Policy



• Employees must not accept gifts, entertainment or favours that may influence one's objectivity in 

exercising judgment on behalf of the company

• Potential scenarios where interests may be conflicted

• Reporting procedures if conflicts of interests arise

Whistle-blowing Policy



• Guidelines for employees to raise concerns of malpractice or any suspicion of fraudulent or 

inappropriate activities within the Group to the Investigation Committee ("IC")

• Escalation process to IC or where appropriate or required, to relevant government authorities for 

further investigation or action

• Procedures in place to protect anonymity of whistle-blowers and notifying them of the outcome

Employee Code of Conduct



• Contains a comprehensive list of examples of employee misconduct

• Misconduct includes violation of company safety rules, forgery, theft, sexual harassment and 

sleeping on the job

• Code of Conduct is easily accessible by all employees through the Group's shared drive


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

24 

Perpetual Target 

Performance in FY2020 

To achieve zero cases which are unethical, 

fraudulent or corrupt in nature 

Achieved zero cases which are unethical, 

fraudulent or corrupt in nature 

(FY2019: zero cases) 

 

REGULATORY COMPLIANCE 

We adopt a “zero tolerance” stance towards regulatory breach and will not hesitate to take any 

disciplinary actions against violators. We strive to educate our employees with relevant laws, rules 

and regulations in their area of job scope through training during their orientation programme.  

Regulatory compliance is of paramount importance as any failure to comply will not only result in legal 

and financial impact, but also reputational loss to the Group. Some of the relevant laws, rules and 

regulations that the Group adheres to, is as follows:  

 

Despite our committed efforts to achieve zero significant fines, LY Furniture incurred approximately 

RM63,000 of penalty expenses in FY2020. There were no single penalty cases which exceeded the 

threshold of RM50,000 for significant fines. Management has since reminded employees that 

regulatory compliance is critical to their business conduct and has zero tolerance towards any non-

compliance behaviours.  

Perpetual Target 

Performance in FY2020 

To achieve zero significant fines and reportable 

cases of non-compliance with all applicable 

laws, rules and regulations 

Achieved zero significant fines and reportable 

cases of non-compliance with all applicable 

laws, rules and regulations 

(FY2019: zero significant cases) 

 



Ministry of International Trade and Industry

•Industrial Co-ordination Act (1975)



Department of Occupational Safety and Health

•Factories and Machinery Act (1967)



Ministry of Human Resource

•Employment Act (1955)



Department of Environment

•Environmental Quality Act (1974)



Personal Data Protection Department

•Personal Data Protection Act (2010)



Singapore Exchange Limited

•SGX-ST Catalist Rules



Monetary Authority of Singapore

•Code of Corporate Governance 2018



Singapore Companies Act



Malaysia Timber Industry Board

•Malaysian Timber Industry Board (Incorporation) Act (1973)

•Timber Industrialisation Methods (Registration) (1991)


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

25 

MOVING FORWARD 

Moving forward, we will continue to maintain a high standard of corporate governance and remain in 

compliance with all relevant laws, rules and regulations in the jurisdictions we operate in. 


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

26 

ECONOMIC 

Through our sustainable business strategy, we are dedicated to create long term value for our 

stakeholders.  

OUR APPROACH 

ECONOMIC AGILITY 

Despite the economic slowdown brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic, it has led to a booming e-

commerce activity and accelerated digital transformation with work-from-home arrangements 

becoming the new norm. With more people find themselves spending time at home, demand for 

home furniture has been resilient despite the economic uncertainty.  

Economic Value Generated and Distributed 

Financial Year 

FY2019 

RM’000 

FY2020 

RM’000 

Economic Value Generated 

248,528 

243,467  

Economic Value 

Distributed 

Operating Costs 

194,650 

191,396  

Employee Wages and Benefits 

43,791 

44,192  

Capital Providers 

6,545 

1,844  

Government 

1,852 

2,661  

Communities 

32 

26  

Total Economic Value Distributed 

246,870 

240,119  

Economic Value Retained 

1,658 

3,348  

 

We will remain resilient and vigilant in monitoring the fast-changing pandemic situation so as to 

continue to grow the business in a sustainable manner. 

We also strive to continue to expand our presence into new markets and strengthen our product 

offerings. In FY2020, we have offered nine (9) new product models under the original equipment 

manufacturer (OEM) business of LY Furniture and also one (1) new self-assembly furniture product 

line under the original brand manufacturer (OBM) business of LHG.  

Eight (8) of our staff from LHG also attended the Malaysia International Furniture Fair for promotional 

efforts to reach out to overseas buyers. 

LHG’s new product line - Classic bedroom set 

Malaysia International Furniture Fair 

 

 






LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

27 

Operational Resilience Amidst COVID-19 

As part of the pandemic containment efforts, the need for increased safety measures and regulatory 

requirements have limited our operational capacity. Therefore, we have adopted measures in order 

to stay operationally ready during the period. Some of these measures include: 

 

Ensure that there are at least two (2) alternative suppliers for each type of raw material to diversify 

sources of supply 

 

Increase in manpower to handle backlog for departments affected by operational delay 

 

Close monitoring of the delivery and arrival of raw materials to minimise supply disruptions  

 

Rented additional warehouses to store finished goods produced in light of the low availability of 

shipping containers worldwide 

 

Work closely with overseas customers to secure shipping containers to ensure timely delivery of 

products 

To navigate the ongoing COVID-19 crisis and continue to engage in business development, we have 

also implemented pandemic related safety measures, which are described in the section titled ‘COVID-

19 Safety Measures' of this Report. 

We remain optimistic that situation will improve as the COVID-19 related safety restrictions are eased 

with more people being vaccinated. We also believe that the product expansion and diversification 

strategy we have adopted over the years will help us cushion the financial impact of this economic 

slowdown. Apart from traditional bedroom furniture manufacturing, we have further diversified our 

product offering with LHG’s easy-to-assemble and space saving furniture line and LY Furniture’s 

manufacture of millwork products.  

Perpetual Target 

Performance in FY2020 

To expand our presence into new markets and 

strengthen our product offerings 

Launched nine (9) new products for LY Furniture 

and one (1) new product line for LHG 

(FY2019: 39 new products for LY Furniture and 

diversified into original brand manufacturer 

business under LHG) 

 

QUALITY OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 

Delivering excellent quality products and services is at the heart of our business philosophy since the 

Group was set up in 1976. Our Group’s Quality Policy emphasises the importance of a Plan-Do-Check-

Act (“PDCA”) approach to ensure continual improvement and enhance customer satisfaction in all our 

business processes.  

 

In FY2020, we have invested approximately RM30,000 for LY Furniture and approximately RM54,000 

for LHG for performing product quality check to ensure consistent product quality before delivering 

to our customers.  

PLAN

•Decide Target

•Ways to Achieve Target

DO

•Communicate &amp; Train

•Implement

CHECK

•Assess Results

•Analyse Root Causes

ACT

•Correction (Short Term)

•Prevention (Long Term)


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

28 

We see the importance of investing in our human capital through training programmes so as to equip 

them to conduct better quality checks and higher standard of internal audits on our quality 

assessments. There was an increase in 91% of our quality review costs as compared to prior year which 

demonstrates our commitment for delivering top quality to our customers. 

As of FY2020, 66 employees of LY Furniture underwent training and were equipped to conduct 

effective internal audit based on ISO9001:2015 framework. This enables employees to develop the 

required knowledge and skill sets to assess and report on the conformance and implementation of the 

quality procedures. In FY2020, external auditors, together with our 66 trained employees were 

engaged in the ISO9001:2015 audit to review the effectiveness of our quality management system, 

highlight gaps and provide feedback to improve our quality process. We have five (5) opportunities 

for improvement issues raised by external auditors. We are in the midst of rectifying the issues and 

have since reminded all staff of the importance to stay vigilant and committed in ensuring compliance 

with quality standards.  

For both LY Furniture and LHG, we did not have any significant customer chargeback cases (that is, 

cases with chargeback amounts of RM50,000 and above) in FY2020.  

In order to minimise future errors in product quality issues, we have since reminded all staff of the 

importance of strict adherence to all quality control measures. We also emphasised the tone of zero 

tolerance towards non-compliance to quality procedures.  

Target for FY2020 

Performance in FY2020 

Target for FY2021 

To achieve no more than five (5) 

significant customer chargeback 

cases in FY2020 

Zero 

significant 

customer 

chargeback cases in FY2020 

(FY2019: six (6) significant 

customer chargeback cases) 

To achieve no more than five 

(5) 

significant 

customer 

chargeback cases in FY2021 

 

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION 

Ensuring customer satisfaction is the foundation of our business success. As a customer-centric 

business, we prioritise our customers’ experience and strive to exceed their expectations in our 

products and services delivery. We seek to establish open communication with our customers to 

address their concerns with prompt response. Our dedicated Sales and Marketing team established a 

customer feedback process to ensure that all feedbacks are received and addressed delicately and 

intentionally.  

Upon the receipt of feedback from customer, a thorough investigation will be conducted and issues 

will be directed to the respective departments for their necessary actions. Thereafter, our team will 

provide a prompt detailed explanation to our customers to show our commitment to our customers’ 

well-being. With a greater customer satisfaction, it will reinforce a positive brand image for the Group. 

 

 


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

29 

For LY Furniture, in accordance to ISO9001:2015 requirements, we will conduct an annual customer 

survey overseen by our Executive Director of Sales and Marketing and executed by our Sales and 

Marketing Team. The annual survey highlights areas with room for improvement and provide guidance 

in development of corrective action. The key criteria for our customer survey are as follows:  

Customers are required to grade our products and services against these criteria based on five (5) 

different levels of satisfaction, from 1 (Not Satisfied) to 5 (Fully Satisfied). In FY2020, we obtained an 

average score of 4.09 across all three (3) aspects, which is attributed largely to an increase in 

responsiveness to customer needs. To improve timeliness and reliability of delivery, we also 

encourage strong communication between our schedule planner and customers to update any 

changes in delivery.  

We seek to obtain valuable feedback from our customers and strive to continuously improve on our 

products and services quality so as to deliver exceptional customer service.  

Target for FY2020 

Performance in FY2020 

Target for FY2021 

To achieve an average of above 

4.0 across all three (3) aspects 

for the customer satisfaction 

survey for FY2020 

Obtained an average score of 

4.1 across all three (3) aspects 

for LY Furniture 

(FY2019: obtained above 3.7 

average 

across 

three 

(3) 

aspects) 

To achieve an average of above 

4.0 across all three (3) aspects 

for the customer satisfaction 

survey for FY2021 for LY 

Furniture 

 

To 

implement 

customer 

satisfaction survey in FY2021 

for LHG 

 

 

MOVING FOWARD 

Moving forward, we will continue to stay resilient and aim to have a 10% growth in our revenue in 

FY2021. We also aim to continuously enhance our quality review regime to attain excellent quality 

standard for our products and deliver great value to all our stakeholders.  

 

 

Timeliness and 

reliability of 

delivery

Quality of 

products and 

services

Responsiveness 

to customer 

needs


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

30 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure Number and Title 

Page Reference and Remarks 











GRI 101: Foundation 2016 













GENERAL DISCLOSURES 



GRI 

102: 

General 

Disclosures 

2016 

Organizational profile 

102-1 

Name of the organization 

LY Corporation Limited 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and 

services 

2020 Annual Report – Corporate Profile (Page 

01) 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

2020 Annual Report – Corporate Profile (Page 

01) 

102-4 

Location of operations 

2020 Annual Report – Corporate Profile (Page 

01) 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

2020 Annual Report – Group Structure (Page 

06), Notes to the Financial Statements, 

Corporate Information (Page 61), Statistics of 

Shareholdings (Pages 108 to 109) 

102-6 

Markets served 

2020 Annual Report – Corporate Profile (Page 

01), Notes to the Financial Statements, 

Revenue, Disaggregation of revenue (Page 76) 

102-7 

Scale of the organization 

This Report – Employees' Profile (Pages 14 to 

15) 

2020 Annual Report – Corporate Profile (Page 

01) 

2020 Annual Report – Financial Review (Pages 

04 to 05) 

102-8 

Information on employees and 

other workers 

This Report – Employees' Profile (Pages 15 to 

16) 

102-9 

Supply chain 

We do not specifically disclose our supply 

chain 

102-10 

Significant 

changes 

to 

the 

organization and its supply chain 

Not applicable as there is no significant 

changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain 

102-11 

Precautionary 

Principle 

or 

approach 

This Report – Governance (Pages 22 to 25) 

102-12 

External initiatives 

None 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Our subsidiaries, LY Furniture Sdn Bhd and 

Leyo Manufacturing Sdn. Bhd. are members 

of the Malaysian Furniture Council 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-

maker 

This Report – Board’s Statement (Page 1) 

Ethics and integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, 

and norms of behavior 

This Report – Governance (Pages 22 to 25) 


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

31 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure Number and Title 

Page Reference and Remarks 











Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

This Report – Managing Sustainability at LY 

Corporation (Pages 4 to 5), Corporate 

Governance (Pages 22 to 23) 

Stakeholder engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

This Report – Stakeholder Engagement (Pages 

6 to 8) 

102-41 

Collective 

bargaining 

agreements 

The Group’s employees are not covered by 

collective bargaining agreements 

102-42 

Identifying 

and 

selecting 

stakeholders 

This Report – Stakeholder Engagement (Pages 

6 to 8) 

102-43 

Approach 

to 

stakeholder 

engagement 

This Report – Stakeholder Engagement (Pages 

6 to 8) 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

This Report – Stakeholder Engagement (Pages 

6 to 8) 

Reporting practice 

102-45 

Entities 

included 

in 

the 

consolidated 

financial 

statements 

2020 Annual Report – Group Structure (Page 

06) 

102-46 

Defining report content and 

topic Boundaries 

This Report – About This Report (Page 2) 

102-47 

List of material topics 

This Report – Material Topics – At a Glance 

(Pages 8 to 11) 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

Not applicable as there is no restatement of 

information 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

The scope of reporting for FY2020 includes 

the performance of LHG 

102-50 

Reporting period 

This Report – About This Report (Page 2) 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

31 December 2019 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annual  

102-53 

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report 

This Report – About This Report (Page 2) 

102-54 

Claims 

of 

reporting 

in 

accordance 

with 

the 

GRI 

Standards 

This Report – About This Report (Page 2) 

102-55 

GRI content index 

This Report – GRI Content Index (Pages 30 to 

34) 

102-56 

External assurance 

We have not sought external assurance for 

this reporting period, and may consider it in 

the future.  

GRI 

103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundaries 

The material factor boundaries are defined as 

where the Group has significant impacts and 

has caused or contributed to the impacts 

through its business relationships. 


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

32 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure Number and Title 

Page Reference and Remarks 











Material factors with internal boundaries: 

 

Training and Development  

 

Workplace Health and Safety 

 

Material factors with internal and external 

boundaries: 

 

Corporate Governance  

 

Ethics, Bribery and Corruption  

 

Regulatory Compliance  

 

Economic Agility  

 

Quality of Products and Services 

 

Material Use 

 

Customer Satisfaction 

ECONOMIC AGILITY 















GRI 

103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundaries 

2020 Annual Report – Financial Contents 

(Pages 47 to 107) 

 

This Report – Economic: Economic Agility 

(Pages 26 to 27) 

103-2 

The management approach and 

its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

GRI 

201: 

Economic 

Performance 

2016 

201-1 

Direct 

economic 

value 

generated and distributed 

QUALITY OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 















GRI 

103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundaries 

This Report – Economic: Quality of Products 

and Services (Pages 25 to 26) 

103-2 

The management approach and 

its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION 















GRI 

103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundaries 

This 

Report 

– 

Economic: 

Customer 

Satisfaction (Pages 27 to 28) 

103-2 

The management approach and 

its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

MATERIAL USE 















GRI 

103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundaries 

This Report – Environmental: Material Use 

(Pages 12 to 13) 

103-2 

The management approach and 

its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 


LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

33 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure Number and Title 

Page Reference and Remarks 











GRI 

301: 

Materials 

2016 

301-1 

Materials used by weight or 

volume 

TRAINING &amp; DEVELOPMENT 















GRI 

103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundaries 

This 

Report 

– 

Social: 

Training 

and 

Development (Pages 16 to 17) 

103-2 

The management approach and 

its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

GRI 

404: 

Training 

and 

Education 

2016 

404-1 

Average hours of training per 

year per employee 

WORKPLACE HEALTH AND SAFETY 















GRI 

103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundaries 

This Report – Social: Workplace Health and 

Safety (Pages 17 to 21) 

103-2 

The management approach and 

its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

GRI 

403: 

Occupational 

Health 

and 

Safety 2018 

403-9 

Work related injuries 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 















GRI 

103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundaries 

This 

Report 

– 

Governance: 

Corporate 

Governance (Pages 22 to 23) 

103-2 

The management approach and 

its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

ETHICS, BRIBERY AND CORRUPTION 















GRI 

103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundaries 

This Report – Governance: Ethics, Bribery and 

Corruption (Pages 23 to 24) 

103-2 

The management approach and 

its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

GRI: 

Anti-

Corruption 

2016 

205-3 

Confirmed 

incidents 

of 

corruption and actions taken 

REGULATORY COMPLIANCE 
















LY CORPORATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

34 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure Number and Title 

Page Reference and Remarks 











GRI 

103: 

Management 

Approach 

2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundaries 

This Report – Governance: Regulatory 

Compliance (Page 24) 

103-2 

The management approach and 

its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

GRI 

419: 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

2016 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and 

economic area 

 

