










































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

0 

 

 

 

 






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

1 

 

Table of Content 

Editorial Policy ........................................................................................................... 2 

Message from the Chairman ..................................................................................... 3 

1. About Medtecs ...................................................................................................... 5 

1.1 Introduction ................................................................................................... 5 

1.2 Recognition ................................................................................................... 7 

2. Governance Structure ........................................................................................... 9 

2.1 Sustainability Governance ............................................................................. 9 

2.2 Risk Management ....................................................................................... 10 

3. Sustainable Issues ........................................................................................................... 11 

3.1  Stakeholder Engagement ...................................................................................... 11 

3.2  Materiality Assessment  ........................................................................................ 13 

3.3  Material ESG Topics  ............................................................................................. 14 

3.4  Policies and Procedures ........................................................................................ 17 

4. Sustainable Performance ................................................................................................ 23 

4.1  Automation ............................................................................................................... 24 

4.2  Energy Efficiency ..................................................................................................... 24 

4.3  Training and Education .......................................................................................... 25 

4.4  Supplier Management ............................................................................................ 27 

GRI Content Index .................................................................................................. 30 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

2 

 

Editorial Policy 

This 2018 Sustainability Report summarizes the sustainability practices and 

performance of the Group for the period of 1 January 2018 to 31 December 2018 

("FY2018"), and is a follow-up to the Group’s inaugural 2017 Sustainability Report. 

This Report has been prepared in accordance with the sustainability reporting 

requirements of Rules 711A and 711B of Section B: Rules of Catalist of the Listing 

Manual of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ("SGX-ST"), as well as 

the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards: Core Option. 

Board Statement 

The Board of Directors is pleased to present Medtecs’s 2018 Sustainability Report, 

which confirms the Group’s commitment to sustainability. This commitment is 

reflected in the Group’s sustainable business strategies and objectives that the 

management have identified after determination and consideration of material 

environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues. The Board of Directors had 

approved the material ESG issues and have overseen their management and 

monitoring by the management. 

This Report has been prepared in accordance with the guidelines of the Global 

Reporting Initiative, which are well-known and credible standards for reporting on 

environmental, social and governance issues that are most important to our business 

and stakeholders. 

Report Scope 

The Report applies to the operations of Medtecs International Corporation Limited 

and its major consolidated subsidiaries in Cambodia, Taiwan and the Philippines. Our 

subsidiaries in Singapore, China and Malaysia are not covered in this Report due to 

the relatively small percentage of revenue they contributed to the Group.   

Sustainability Framework 

Our Sustainability Framework sets out our sustainability priorities as a Group through 

to 2020. The Framework is driven by four aspects, namely progressive automation 

practices, energy-efficient consumption, talent cultivation and supplier management. 

These four aspects form a multi-disciplinary approach that recognizes corresponding 

ESG focus areas. Key business units will review their practices, policies, performance 

and targets in relation to these ESG focus areas in the Sustainability Framework 

which they identify as relevant to them. 

Contact 

We welcome your feedback on this Report. For more information or to provide 

comments, please contact Kepner Su at ksu@unet.net.tw or call +886-2-27392222 

ext.2332. 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

3 

 

Message from the Chairman 

 

At the end of 2018, the Group submitted our first-ever Sustainability Report for 

the period commencing 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017 (the “2017 

Report”) to the SGX-ST and the Taiwan Stock Exchange. As I mentioned in 

the 2017 Report, the preparation and putting together of the Report involved 

management teams from the Group’s various locations to come together for 

constant dialogues and exchange of ideas about the challenges, advantages 

and disadvantages, operational strategies and corporate culture of the Group. 

This will surely lead to measurable operational benefits, and thus effectively 

enhance the Group’s overall competitiveness. 

 

In this 2018 Sustainability Report, in addition to the material sustainability 

issues we’d identified for 2017 – Energy, Automation, Employee Training and 

Workplace Diversity – we have added Supplier Management as a material 

ESG topic as it has a significant impact on the Group’s bottom line and 

long-term growth. In response, we have established clearer policies as well as 

comprehensive operating procedures for the management of suppliers. 

 

On the other hand, we compared the sustainability targets we had set for the 3 

materials ESG topics in the 2017 Report with the actual results in 2018, and 

have therefore adjusted targets and action plans for 2019, which will help the 

management team conduct better reviews and provide all stakeholders with a 

better understanding of our sustainability efforts. 

 

Significantly, through the preparation of the Sustainability Reports, we are 

seeing a higher level of employee engagement with the Group’s sustainability 

efforts. Our employees have also come to appreciate more about the 17 

Sustainable Development Goals (“SDGs”) set by the United Nations in 2015 

and what these SDGs can achieve. More and more, we are seeing 

sustainability goals and ESG topics such as environmental protection, diversity 

and social harmony, as well as corporate governance being considered and 

discussed across different departments of the Group when executing 

short-term actions plans or planning long-term strategies.     

 

Going forward, we are facing an ever-changing business environment both 

internally and externally. We understand that the sustainable development of 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

4 

 

the Group will face many challenges. We must continue to use our resources 

to enhance the Group’s human capital, and to embrace a pro-environment 

attitude in our pursuit of win-win results and a prosperous society. With 

unwavering resolve, we will slowly but surely realize our vision and mission.   

 

I would like to share the following poem with you as a token of the Group’s 

commitment to sustainability. I thank you in advance for your guidance and 

support. 

 

Sound of music praising Medtecs’s efforts will be  

Underway for a new future to be built through  

Stakeholder engagement, workflow optimization, 

Teamwork, promotion of 

Accountability, and environmental protection.  

In so doing, Medtecs will create  

None other than a circular economy  

Aimed at not only minimizing waste 

But also making the most of resources so they last as  

Long as possible. We will execute our  

ESG projects to the best of our ability. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Clement KC Yang 

Chairman of MEDTECS International Corporation Limited 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

5 

 

1. About Medtecs 

 

1.1  Introduction 

Medtecs International Corporation Limited (“Medtecs”, together with its 

subsidiaries, the “Group”) is a well-known healthcare products and 

services provider and a leading manufacturer of medical consumables. 

We commenced operations in the Philippines in 1989 and have since 

established a strong presence in the United States, Europe and Asia 

Pacific. Medtecs was incorporated in Bermuda in 1997 and currently is 

based in Taipei, Taiwan. We have offices and facilities spanning across 

Asia – in Taiwan, the Philippines, China and Cambodia, and has no 

operation save for a representative office in Singapore. Medtecs was 

listed on the Singapore Dealing and Automated Quotation System 

(SESDAQ) of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited on 6 

October 1999 and transitioned to Catalist-sponsored regime with R &amp; T 

Corporate Services Pte. Ltd. on 26 February 2010. Our Taiwan 

Depository Receipts were listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange (TWSE) 

on 13 December 2002. 

Medtecs’ main lines of business include manufacturing original products 

and providing integrated hospital services. As an original product 

manufacturer (OPM) of a wide range of medical consumables, and 

hospital and workwear apparels, Medtecs maintains manufacturing 

facilities located in the Philippines, China and Cambodia. 79% of our 

products are exported to the EU, 13% to the Asia Pacific and 8% to the 

US. As a hospital services provider, Medtecs provides hospitals in Taiwan 

and the Philippines with integrated services which include rental and 

laundry of linens, management of laundry facilities, hospital automation 

and other non-core hospital functions (also known as 3L (lease, laundry, 

logistics) services). Our Hospital Services division in Taiwan generates 

90% of the revenue from hospital services while that in the Philippines 

accounts for 10%. 

As at 31 December 2018, the total number of our employees is 4,738. 

This year, the Group’s revenue was up by 10.5% to US$68.3 million. 

Revenue from the Group’s Original Product Manufacturing (OPM) division 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

6 

 

increased by 13.8% to US$52.2 million; revenue from the Hospital 

Services division grew 4.6% to US$13.97 million. 

Vision, Mission &amp; Values 

Vision 

Providing world-class medical products, services and protective wear to 

ensure that every worker returns home safe. 

Mission 

Providing safe, comfortable and stylish protective clothing and equipment 

for workers; providing support services with speed and soul to hospitals. 

Our values, which comprise the acronym, KUNG FU, and TARPS, are as 

follows: 

Values 

＊TARPS will take our company from good to great 

 

 

 

 

 

 






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

7 

 

 

 

＊KUNG FU will transform us from ordinary to extraordinary 

 

1.2  Recognition   

Our high-quality products and services have been recognized with 

important industry awards and certificates such as ISO 9001, ISO 13485, 

CE, WCA and TÜV Rheinland Business Information Verification, which 

confirms our compliance with established workplace standards.  

1.2.1 Certification   

ISO 9001 

The ISO 9001 certification process asked us to evaluate our Quality 

Management System. It confirms our ability to consistently provide 

products and services that meet customer and regulatory requirements.   

ISO 13485 

This confirms our ability in design, development, production, installation 














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

8 

 

and delivery of medical devices and related services that consistently 

meet customer and applicable regulatory requirements. 

CE 

The CE marking shows that our products meet the health, safety, and 

environmental protection standards of the European Economic Area 

(EEA).  

WCA  

The WCA certification is confirmation that our working conditions meet the 

human rights norms of the international community. 

TÜV 

Rheinland 

Taiwantrade 

Supplier 

Business 

Information 

Verification 

This verifies the basic business information, operational and management 

details, production capacity, research &amp; development capacity, business 

awards &amp; certifications and corporate social responsibility endeavors of 

Medtecs.  

1.2.2 Awards 

Champion of the 2018 Alibaba Taiwan Top-Ten B2B E-Commerce 

Companies Competition  

We have actively used e-commerce platforms for more business leads and 

effective supply chain management in response to the rising dominance 

of e-commerce. In March 2018, Medtecs won first place in the 4th Alibaba 

Taiwan Top-Ten B2B E-Commerce Companies Competition. 

 

Top Exporter Award  

Medtecs has been operating in the Philippines for over 30 years. Our 

subsidiary, Universal Weavers Corporation based in Bataan, was recognized 

as the Top Exporter by the Authority of the Freeport Area of Bataan in 2018 

for its contribution to the local export and job market.  

 

 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

9 

 

































 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2. Governance Structure 

2.1 Sustainability Governance 

The Board of the Group oversees the Group’s sustainability reporting 

framework by monitoring the environmental, social and governance issues that 

impact the Group’s sustainable development. The Group has established 

sub-committees of the Board, namely the Audit Committee, the Nominating 

Committee and the Remuneration Committee to assist the Board in the 

execution of its responsibilities for the protection and enhancement of 

long-term value and returns for the shareholders and stakeholders. 

In 2017, we set up the Sustainability Reporting Council made up of the 

Planning Department of the Group and senior executives, led by the Group’s 

Chief Executive Officer, which coordinates our sustainability reporting efforts 

and ensures the Board and the Group’s senior management are informed and 

engaged on ESG matters that influence our business planning, strategy and 

operations.  

Picture1：Championship Trophy for the 4th 

Alibaba Taiwan Top-Ten B2B E-Commerce 

Companies  

Picture 2：Top Exporter Award 

 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

10 

 

 

2.2 Risk Management 

The Group adopts a precautionary approach to financial and business risk 

management. At our Board meetings, the Board members review and discuss 

potential business risks and challenges identified by the management team to 

come up with mitigating action plans. The Audit Committee is responsible for 

making recommendations to the Board regarding the adequacy and 

effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems of the 

Group. Further details on our management approach to business risks can be 

found in the Business Outlook and Prospects section (pages 11-13) and the 

Risk Management and Internal Controls sub-section under the Report on 

Corporate Governance (page 38) of the 2018 Annual Report. To anticipate and 

manage risks that may disrupt our business operations, we also plan to review 

and update our Business Continuity Plan, to be implemented across all 

business units and operations by the end of 2019, to ensure each business unit 

has a contingency plan in place in case of natural disasters and emergencies 

which may negatively affect the Group’s business continuity. 

 

 

 
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

11 

 

3. Sustainable Issues 

 

3.1 Stakeholder Engagement  

We engage with different groups of stakeholders on a daily basis due to 

the unique nature of our business and the fact that we operate in multiple 

countries. We take these interactions seriously because through 

stakeholder engagement, we can understand the needs and concerns of 

those who are essential to our business success as well as sustainable 

growth. Considering this is only the Group’s second Sustainability Report, 

we decided to cast a wide net for our 2018 stakeholder engagement 

exercise so as to gather as much feedback as possible from all the 

stakeholder groups we have identified, hoping that in the process of the 

engagement, we would be able to also educate, build consensus and 

gather support for the Group’s sustainability initiatives and goals. The table 

below shows how we have communicated with our stakeholders and what 

we have heard from them in terms of their concerns and interests. 

 

Table 1: Stakeholder Engagement 

 

Stakeholder 

Groups 

Engagement Channels 

Main Concerns and 

Interests  

How We Have 

Responded  

Shareholders, 

Institutional 

and Individual 

Investors 

 

• Annual General 

Meetings  

• Public announcements  

• Investor Relations 

section on Medtecs.com 

• Regular corporate 

publications including  

quarterly financial 

statements and annual 

reports 

• Financial performance 

• Risk management 

• Sustainable strategy 

• Energy efficiency 

• Automation 

• Disclosure of financial 

performance, group 

strategies and 

sustainability initiatives in 

our annual reports and 

sustainability reports 

• Implemented 

equipment upgrade in 

our factories   

• Implemented our 

Business Continuity Plan  












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

12 

 

Customers 

 

• Environmental and 

social audits 

commissioned by 

customers 

• Customer feedback and 

surveys 

• Regular trade shows 

and exhibitions in 

different countries  

• Medtecs.com and our 

Facebook Fan Page 

• Regular updates by 

account managers 

• Product management  

• Innovation 

• Energy efficiency 

• Environmental protection 

 

• Obtained relevant 

industry certification as 

proof of our ability to 

provide high-quality 

products using 

recognized Quality 

Management System  

• Through our 

sustainability initiatives, 

specifically identification 

of energy as a material 

ESG topic in our 

sustainability reports. 

Employees 

 

• Company annual dinner 

• Bi-weekly Town Hall 

meetings 

• Medtecs.com 

• Annual performance 

reviews 

• Monthly staff birthday 

parties 

• Facebook Fan Page 

• Labor relations 

• Training and education 

• Occupational safety 

• Workforce diversity 

• Automation 

• Provided    

professional skill 

enhancement courses 

and workshops on 

workplace safety, 

management of personal 

health and well-being  

(see pages 27-28 of this 

Report for further details) 

• A Group-wide 

employee engagement 

survey to be rolled out in 

2019 to better 

understand interest, 

concerns and career 

goals of our employees 

Governments 

and 

Policy-Makers 

 

• Annual report and 

sustainability report 

• Compliance filings, 

disclosures and annual 

reports 

• Verbal and written 

communications on a 

need base 

• Risk management 

• Corporate governance 

• Regulatory compliance 

• Human rights issues 

 

• Disclosure of our 

corporate governance 

structure in our annual 

report 

• WCA certification    

Local 

• Charities and donations 

• Environmental protection 

• We donate to various 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

13 

 

Communities 

 

• Volunteer programs 

 

• 

Living 

condition 

improvement 

• Employment opportunities  

 

local charities through 

our local offices and 

factories in different 

countries 

• Please refer to our 

Corporate Social 

Responsibility Statement 

in pages 14-15 of our 

2018 Annual Report    

Suppliers 

• Through relationship 

managers and our 

procurement team 

 

• 

Fair 

and 

transparent 

procurement practice 

• Formulation and 

implementation of the 

Suppler Policy and 

Procedures (for further 

details please refer to 

pages 23-24 of this 

Report) 

Financial  

Institutions 

 

• Meetings 

• Medtecs.com 

• Annual reports and 

quarterly financial 

statements  

• Application of funds  

• Business performance 

• Quarterly financial 

results announcements 

• Annual report 

 

 

3.2 Materiality Assessment 

This year we revisited our materiality matrix to ensure our Group strategies and 

sustainability initiatives and goals remain current, relevant and reflective of the 

priorities and interests of our stakeholders. From the feedback we gathered via 

various channels of communication with our stakeholders, we have identified topics 

which may impact our business and long-term growth and therefore warrant our 

attention and action. The results are presented in the materiality matrix below. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

14 

 































 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

3.3 Material ESG Topics 

We are committed to reviewing our material ESG topics annually for 

continued relevance and on-going dialogues with external and internal 

stakeholders to identify emerging concerns or priorities. After considering 

the list of sustainability topics covered by the GRI Standards, conducting a 

materiality analysis and taking into account the industry we operate in, we 

have decided to focus on the following four material ESG topics this year: 

(i) energy, (ii) automation, (iii) employee training and education, and (iv) 

supplier management. Out of the four material topics, the first three were 

those already covered in the 2017 Report. We continue to find them of 

great impact on our bottom line and on the Group’s overall sustainability 

efforts. We also consider their reporting relevant in this 2018 Report 

because we are only halfway through our journey towards fulfilling the 

goals we set for these three topics.  

The new material ESG topic is supplier management, which we briefly 

touched upon in our 2017 Report’s Material ESG Topics section, under its 

broader variant, supply chain management. We have identified supplier 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

15 

 

management as part of our targeted effort to tackle the broader issue of 

supply chain management in 2018. Please refer to the following sections 

for more detailed discussion of each of these ESG topics. 

Energy 

 

One of our core competencies is our network of dispersed production 

bases. Our customers can hedge against residual risks through our 

diversification of locations, while enjoying tax breaks and low production 

costs. The energy costs incurred by the Group’s main production bases in 

Cambodia, the Philippines and Taiwan make up for about 4% of the total 

operational cost, which has a significant impact on the Group’s bottom line, 

and by extension, our shareholders and employees. Further, energy 

consumption and global warming are key issues which have prompted 

multilateral environmental agreements like the Paris Climate Accord and 

various policies and laws being put in place to regulate carbon emissions, 

to respond to the governments’ call to protect the environment and in 

compliance with relevant local legal requirements, we must treat the 

management of our energy consumption as a top priority. 

Automation 

 

The impact of automation is two-fold. The Group operates in a 

labor-intensive industry. As wages in our major production bases such as 

Cambodia and the Philippines have risen year after year, our labor costs 

have continued to climb, which has a great impact on our profitability and 

is of great concern to our shareholders. The solution is to increase our 

productivity by systematically automate our manufacturing processes. The 

automation process, however, will inevitably lead to a reduction in number 

of workers needed to operate machines in our production bases, which is 

of concern for our employees who may be made redundant as a result of 

the automation process.   

On the other hand, an added benefit of the automation process for external 

stakeholders is minimization of the negative impact our manufacturing 

processes has on the local communities and the overall environment 

through plant performance improvement and reduction of energy used and 

resources consumed. This will also lead to increased overall equipment 

effectiveness and reduction in operational and maintenance costs. 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

16 

 

Employee training and education and workplace inclusiveness  

 

Our labor costs account for 30% of the total operational costs. Our 

strength has always been our production capacity that is based in various 

low-cost countries. However, increasing labor costs in emerging markets 

such as Cambodia and the Philippines, coupled with an ageing population 

in Taiwan, are leading to a shortage of labor, which is eroding this 

competitive edge, and may have a negative impact on the Group’s 

long-term business growth. This may affect our overall profitability. To stay 

competitive and profitable, we must enhance the quality of our workforce 

and increase productivity. We must also attract and retain top talent. To 

that end, we plan to provide more staff training in order to grow our skilled 

workforce and to have a culture that is inclusive and respectful of the 

different cultural backgrounds of our employees.   

Supplier Management 

 

The costs for materials and trimming account for over 30% of our total 

operational costs. Raw materials cost accounts for about 70% of the total 

purchasing costs while trimming cost accounts for the rest. All our raw 

materials and 95% of trimming are transported by sea. 70% of raw 

materials and trimming are purchased from China while the rest of them 

are from Taiwan, Europe and Vietnam respectively, each accounting for 

13%, 11% and 6% of our total purchase. 

Supplier management is key to the Group’s procurement process, 

operational efficiency, cost reduction scheme, as well as business 

performance, which can all impact our business growth and the value we 

can create for our shareholders. On the other hand, we realize that we will 

be able to push our sustainability efforts upstream and engage our 

suppliers to be partners in our sustainability initiatives through 

relationship-building and education. To encourage our suppliers to 

incorporate sustainable practices and be mindful of their own impacts on 

the society and the environment, we plan to introduce relevant supplier 

management policies to help find like-minded suppliers who can be our 

sustainability partners, and who can provide sustainable products and 

services at a competitive price.  

 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

17 

 

3.4 Policies and Procedures 

Our policies and procedures for the material ESG Topics are set out below:  

Energy - Policy 

1) We are committed to improving our energy efficiency and reducing our 

carbon footprint to help address the threat of climate change and to protect 

the environment. 

2) The Group's major production bases are located in Taiwan, Cambodia, 

the Philippines and on Mainland China. The environmental laws and 

regulations of these countries have come into effect one after another, 

putting in place increasingly stricter compliance obligations and related 

penalties. Protecting the Earth has become such a shared, universal value 

so that we must implement system-wide measures to improve our energy 

efficiency. 

3) Out of respect for local energy laws and regulations, conditions, 

equipment, and the production flow, Medtecs (Taiwan), Medtecs (Cambodia) 

and Medtecs (Philippines) have come up with their own specific plans to 

improve energy efficiency after assessing each plan’s cost-effectiveness. 

4) The above plan will be prepared and presented annually by the end of 

January by the most senior local officer in charge, reviewed by the CEO and 

approved by Chairman before implementation. 

5) The approved plan will then be implemented. During the Implementation 

stage, the plan will be amended from time to time to cater for internal and 

external factors and be reviewed and approved per the procedures laid out 

in step 4) above. 

Failure to implement the approved plan without reasonable excuse will lead 

to negative performance review of the most senior local officer in charge of 

that particular office. 

6) This policy and procedures are reviewed annually by the Group 

Management Office.  

 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

18 

 

Energy - Procedures 

1) bWorking Plan - On or before the end of January every year, each 

subsidiary will submit its action plan to the Planning Department of the 

Group Management Office. The plan will be reviewed by the CEO and then 

submitted for approval by Chairman. 

2) vApproval Process - On or before the end of July every year, each 

subsidiary will submit its half-year implementation results to the Planning 

Department of the Group Management Office for reference and review. 

3) vHalf-year Performance Review - The whole-year implementation results 

submitted to the Planning Department of the Group Management Office by 

the end of January of the following year will be reviewed by the CEO and 

Chairman. 

4) vWhole-year Performance Review &amp; Public Commendation - Those who 

have achieved outstanding results for the year will receive public 

commendation and be rewarded accordingly by the CEO and Chairman. 

5) vPerformance Assessment - The Group Management Office is in charge 

of the assessment of the performance. 

 

Automation - Policy 

1) We are committed to enhancing and expanding the automation process of 

our production lines in response to increased labor costs in our production 

sites. 

2) The Group operates in a labor-intensive industry. As wages in our major 

production bases such as Cambodia and the Philippines have risen annually, 

our labor costs have continued to climb, increasing the cost burden on our 

operations. In response, we have found it necessary to increase our 

productivity by systematically automate our manufacturing processes. 

3) Out of respect for each company’s autonomy and in consideration of the 

employee salary, productivity and varying production characteristics, 

Medtecs (Taiwan), Medtecs (Cambodia) and Medtecs (Philippines), which 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

19 

 

are the Group’s top revenue generators, have come up with their own 

specific plans to accelerate the Group’s automation of production lines. 

4) The aforementioned plan will be prepared and presented annually by the 

end of January by the most senior local officer in charge, reviewed by the 

CEO and approved by Chairman before implementation. 

5) The approved plan will then be implemented. During the Implementation 

stage, the plan will be amended from time to time to cater for internal and 

external factors and be reviewed and approved per the procedures laid out 

in step 4) above. Failure to implement the approved plan without reasonable 

excuses will lead to negative performance review of the most senior local 

officer in charge of that particular office. 

6) This policy and procedures are to be reviewed annually by the Group 

Management Office. 

Automation - Procedures 

1) vWorking Plan - On or before the end of January every year, each 

subsidiary will submit its action plan to the Planning Department of the 

Group Management Office. The plan will be reviewed by the CEO and then 

submitted for approval by Chairman. 

2)vApproval Process - On or before the end of July every year, each 

subsidiary will submit its half-year implementation results to the Planning 

Department of the Group Management Office for reference and review. 

3)vHalf-year Performance Review - The whole-year implementation results 

submitted to the Planning Department of the Group Management Office by 

the end of January of the following year will be reviewed by the CEO and 

Chairman. 

4) vWhole-year Performance Review &amp; Public Commendation - Those who 

have achieved outstanding results for the year will receive public 

commendation and be rewarded accordingly by the CEO and Chairman. 

5) vPerformance Assessment - The Group Management Office is in charge 

of the assessment of the performance. 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

20 

 

Employee Training and Education and Workplace Diversity - Policy 

1) We work hard to improve our employees' physical and mental health, 

enhance their professional competence and promote cultural diversity. 

2) Employees are our most important assets and their quality is key to our 

success. Since we run a multi-national operation, in order to leverage local 

talent to create synergy, we must integrate our human resources and aim to 

build a team that shares the same vision and goals through various training 

and education. The localization of our management team has been 

implemented to create synergy. 

3) Out of respect for each company’s autonomy and location, and in 

consideration of local regulations and characteristics of the employees and 

businesses, Medtecs (Taiwan), Medtecs (Cambodia) and Medtecs 

(Philippines), which are the Group’s top revenue generators, must come up 

with their own specific plans for staff training and cultural integration. 

4) The above plan will be prepared and presented annually by the end of 

January by the most senior local officer in charge, reviewed by the CEO and 

approved by Chairman before implementation. The target group, method, 

frequency, expense, and expected outcomes of the plans are to be 

determined by the most senior local officer who will conduct the cost-benefit 

analysis and review the actual needs, and the local conditions of each 

company. 

5) The approved plan will then be implemented. During the Implementation 

stage, the plan will be amended from time to time to cater for internal and 

external factors and be reviewed and approved per the procedures laid out 

in step 4) above. Failure to implement the approved plan without reasonable 

excuse will lead to negative performance review of the most senior local 

officer in charge of that particular office. 

6) This policy and procedures are to be reviewed annually by the Group 

Management Office. 

 

 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

21 

 

Employee Training and Education and Workplace Diversity - Procedures 

1) vWorking Plan - On or before the end of January every year, each 

subsidiary will submit its action plan to the Planning Department of the 

Group Management Office. The plan will be reviewed by the CEO and then 

submitted for approval by Chairman. 

2)vApproval Process - On or before the end of July every year, each 

subsidiary will submit its half-year implementation results to the Planning 

Department of the Group Management Office for reference and review. 

3)vHalf-year Performance Review - The whole-year implementation results 

submitted to the Planning Department of the Group Management Office by 

the end of January of the following year will be reviewed by the CEO and 

Chairman. 

4) vWhole-year Performance Review &amp; Public Commendation - Those who 

have achieved outstanding results for the year will receive public 

commendation and be rewarded accordingly by the CEO and Chairman. 

5) vPerformance Assessment - The Group Management Office is in charge 

of the assessment of the performance. 

 

Supplier Management - Policy 

1) Purpose 

Medtecs recognizes the importance of supply chain management as part of 

the group’s sustainability efforts, which are aligned with such material ESG 

topics as environmental protection, social justice and corporate governance. 

We also understand that proper monitoring and management of our 

suppliers will lead to effective and responsible procurement practices. To 

that end, we have put in place Medtecs’ Supplier Management Policy to 

ensure efficiency and improved performance in the Group’s procurement 

process. 

 

 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

22 

 

2) Supplier selection principle 

The Group's selection of suppliers is based on principles of fairness, 

impartiality and transparency. Our key supplier selection criteria include 

quality, cost, delivery, sustainability initiatives as well as financial health, 

which will be looked at together and evaluated in the round. 

3) Supplier evaluation &amp; selection 

To ensure the quality of the materials, products and services provided, all 

Medtecs’s suppliers must be evaluated and selected according to the above 

selection criteria, and shall be audited regularly or from time to time for 

compliance and quality assurance purposes. 

Supplier Management - Procedures 

1)  Supplier Evaluation - New Suppliers 

New suppliers will be evaluated against the criteria set out in the “Supplier 

Evaluation Scorecard” before being approved as qualified suppliers for 

Medtecs. However, new suppliers with special circumstances can be 

reported to the CEO for review and approval. 

2) Supplier Evaluation - Existing Suppliers 

Current suppliers will be evaluated regularly against the standards set out in 

the “Requirements &amp; Standards for Medtecs Suppliers”. We will reduce 

transactions or suspend dealings with those who do not meet our 

Requirements and Standards. Suppliers who do not improve within a given 

time will be disqualified from dealing with Medtecs. However, suppliers with 

extenuating circumstances will be reported to the CEO, who will review on a 

case-by-case basis and decide whether to make an exception. 

3) Supplier Evaluation - Key Factors 

The Supplier Evaluation Scorecard shall be created by the Group’s 

Procurement Department. In addition to financial situations, quality of 

products/services, lead time, pricing, and flexibility in accommodating our 

requests, a supplier’s sustainability efforts in environmental and labor 

protection, social welfare and corporate governance, and its relevant 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

23 

 

sustainability certifications will receive positive treatment and be given 

additional weight in the overall evaluation. 

4) On-Going Supplier Evaluation &amp; Monitoring 

The Supplier Evaluation Scorecard shall be updated by the Procurement 

Department as often as needed for better monitoring of the Group’s 

suppliers, and the key selection criteria are to be amended and updated 

regularly on a needs basis as determined by the Procurement Department. 

5) Preparation of Qualified Supplier Report 

The Procurement Manager is responsible for presenting a “Qualified 

Supplier Report” at the end of each year, which shall be prepared according 

to the Supplier Evaluation Scorecard and after internal discussion within the 

Procurement Department. The Report will be reviewed by the CEO for 

approval and be referred to by the Procurement teams in subsequent 

dealings and procurement activities. 

6) Supplier Management Operating Procedures 

The Procurement Department shall put forward additional Supplier 

Management Operating Procedures for other related matters not covered 

here. 

 

4. Sustainable Performance 

 

To tackle the four material ESG topics identified above, we have mobilized 

the top management at all our operating bases to implement action plans 

according to our sustainability development goals. At the end of the year, 

we will conduct a full-year review of the performances and results of the 

action plans so as to come up with plans for the next year. Below you will 

find results for 2018 and plans for the coming years.  

 

Please also refer to the table at the end of this section for performances 

and targets for the four material ESG topics. 

 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

24 

 









4.1 Automation 

 

Our automation project mainly entailed two aspects: equipment upgrades 

and system optimization. We have purchased and installed 262 sets of 

various types of production equipment in the Philippines, Cambodia and 

Taiwan factories. From FY2017 to FY2020, the total number of upgraded 

sets of equipment for the Group is 1,050. In 2018, we completed 25% of 

the planned upgrade, with 26% of the upgrade to be completed in 2019. 

After the upgrade in FY2018, the operations consumed 20% less 

electricity. We installed a set of suspension systems to optimize 

operations in the Cambodia factories, leading to a 30% increase in 

efficiency. In 2019, we plan to purchase 7 sets of equipment for the 

Philippine factories, as well as high-efficiency automatic laundry 

equipment for the laundry plant in Taiwan, which will reduce water and 

energy consumption, as well as 3 sets of suspension systems for the 

Cambodia factories, which represents 37.5% of the total sets we have 

planned to install, namely 8. These equipment upgrades and system 

optimization plans will ultimately lead to savings in our labor costs, 

system maintenance expenses as well as more environmentally friendly 

manufacturing processes. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Picture 3：Suspension systems in Cambodia         Picture 4：Bright LED lights are more energy-efficient 

enhance production efficiency 

 

4.2 Energy Efficiency 

 

In our Taiwan factory, we have reduced coal consumption by refurbishing 

the boilers. It has reduced the factory’s environmental impact and saved 

costs by 3%. In our Cambodia factory, we installed LED lights in place of 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

25 

 

traditional ones (saving power by 70%). The replacement of traditional 

lights with LEDs is the Group’s long-term plan. At the end of 2017, 3,000 

units have been replaced, which represents 75% of the total 4,000 units 

planned to be replaced.  In 2018, 210 units were replaced according to 

the timetable, representing 80% completion of the plan. In addition, we 

installed energy-efficient motors to reduce power consumption by 15% 

this year.  

 

On the other hand, in line with the Taiwan government's active promotion 

of renewable energy technologies, we entered into an agreement with an 

energy company in August 2018 to install solar panels on the roof of the 

Xiang Shan Factory to begin power generation by the end of the year. 

We provided no capital for this project. The roof of the Factory has been 

reinforced and enhanced. Moreover, pursuant to the agreement, we are 

entitled to a fixed portion of the sales revenue of the generated solar 

power monthly, which makes the project both eco-friendly and 

cost-effective. 

 

In 2019, we will continue to pursue boiler fuel options that are 

environmentally-friendly and cost-effective. We plan to increase the 

proportion of LED lights in Cambodia factories from 80% to 88%, 

according to the timetable for phased replacement of all fluorescent light 

tubes with LED lightings. We are committed to replacing all traditional 

lighting with LEDs in the Cambodia factories by 2020. In addition, we will 

collect cooling water and reuse it to reduce water consumption by 20% in 

the dyeing process carried out in the Philippine factory. 

 

4.3 Training and Education 

 

Medtecs operates in the medical textile industry and has nearly 5,000 

employees. By country, employees in Cambodia and the Philippines, 

which are our main manufacturing bases, make up 71% and 17%, 

respectively, of our total workforce, while Taiwan and China each account 

for 10% and 1%. By gender, women represent 79% while men represent 

21% of the total workforce. Most of our employees are ground-level, with 

only 1% in the top-level management position, of which women represent 

47% and men 53%. This is testament to Medtecs’ commitment to gender 

equality.  












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

26 

 

 

The total number of permanent female employees is 3,641 while the 

number of male employees is 913. We have a total number of 90 contract 

employees who are female, and 94 who are male. In Cambodia we have 

3,354 permanent employees and only one contract employee. In Taiwan, 

we have 488 permanent employees and 4 contract employees. In the 

Philippines, we have 646 permanent and 177 contract employees on the 

payroll. In China, we have a much smaller number of 66 permanent and 2 

contract employees. 

 

In 2018, the Group's employee education &amp; training fell into the following 

5 major categories: 

*Physical and mental health (including employee health check-ups  

and various types of company-sponsored social events); 

*Occupational safety (including environmental safety, fire drills and 

first aid training); 

*General 

competency 

(including 

work-related 

courses 

and 

net-working events); 

*Professional competency (enhancement of management and  

professional skills); and 

*Cultural integration (alignment of the Group's vision and mission,  

establishment of work and corporate culture, and localization of our 

management). 

 

We offer employees such training opportunities as internal workshops, 

external 

trainings 

and 

seminars, 

as well 

as 

visits 

to 

other 

companies. Ground-level staff, middle- and top-management teams are 

all required to participate in these trainings based on their needs and 

schedule. In 2018, a total of 3,100 employees participated in these 

company-sponsored trainings, with a combined training hour of 12,400. 

In 2019, we will continue to offer training opportunities in these 5 

categories. To support our business operations plan and workplace 

optimization measures (such as the 5S approach), we will focus on 

team-building and promotion of our corporate culture. In response to the 

Group's plan to incorporate a customer relationship management (CRM) 

system and enterprise resource planning (ERP) system in 2019, we will 

introduce relevant training courses for these 2 systems in 2019.  

 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

27 

 









































 

According to our timetable, the overall number of training participants will 

reach 3,200 in 2019, and the combined training hours will have a 2% 

increase from 2018. 

 

      Picture 5： Colleagues took marketing courses   Picture 6：Promoting corporate culture  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4.4 Supplier Management 

 

The quality of the Group’s suppliers not only impacts our bottom line but 

also our sustainability efforts on such ESG topics as environmental 

protection and fair labor practice.  

 

This year we have identified supplier management as an additional 

material ESG topic, and we have put in place the Medtecs’ Supplier 

Management Policy and various supplier evaluation procedures to 

ensure efficiency and performance by the Group’s suppliers which will in 

















Picture 8：Medtecs as an exhibitor at  

an international trade show 

Picture 7：Colleagues attended         

management courses 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

28 

 

turn encourage their own sustainable practices and engagement with 

relevant ESG topics.  

 

We are fully aware that long-term relationship-building will lead to good 

cooperation with suppliers, and that change does not happen overnight.  

Starting in 2018 we have engaged our suppliers in dialogue about the 

Group’s sustainability efforts, so that many of them have begun to 

appreciate our commitment to sustainability and to the management of 

relevant ESG topics.  

 

Looking ahead, we plan to include more suppliers that are supportive of 

and likewise committed to our sustainability efforts. Our plan for FY2019 

is to ensure that at least 3% of our total purchase is from this kind of 

like-minded suppliers.  

 

      Table 2: Summary of Material ESG Topics, Results &amp; 2019-2020 Goals 

 

Category   

FY 2017  

FY 2018  

FY 2019  

FY 2020 

Performance 

Target 

Performance 

Target 

Target 

 Automation  

Equipment Upgrade  

(set) 

253 

262 

262 

262 

273 

System Optimization 

–Installation of  

Automatic 

Infrared Device 

(set)

＊ 

1 

Completed 

Completed 

Completed 

Completed 

–Installation of  

Suspension  

System (%) 

0 

12.5 

12.5 

37.5 

50 

 Energy Efficiency 

Reduction in Energy 

Consumption after 

Boiler Maintenance 

(%) 

3 

5 

7 

7 

6.5 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

29 

 

 

Category   

FY 2017  

FY 2018  

FY 2019  

FY 2020 

Performance 

Target 

Performance 

Target 

Target 

Upgrade to LED 

Lights (Number of 

LED Tubes Installed) 

 (%) 

3,000 

 (75) 

3,210 

(80) 

3,210 

(80) 

3,510 

(88) 

4,000 

(100) 

 Training and Education Provided

＊＊＊ 

Relating to Physical 

and Mental Health 

(hours) 

N/A

＊＊ 

790 

792 

800 

780 

Relating to 

Occupational Safety 

(hours) 

N/A

＊＊ 

2,700 

2,714 

2,800 

2,780 

Relating to General 

Competency (hours) 

N/A

＊＊ 

590 

590 

700 

680 

Relating to 

Professional 

Competency (hours) 

N/A

＊＊ 

7,900 

7,964 

8,200 

8,180 

Relating to Cultural 

Integration (hours) 

N/A

＊＊ 

340 

340 

500 

480 

 Supplier Management 

Supplier 

Management 

Optimization 

N/A

＊＊ 

Formulation and 

introduction of 

relevant Supplier 

Policy and 

Procedures 

Relevant 

Supplier Policy 

and Procedures 

were put in place 

Full 

implementation 

of the Supplier 

Policy and 

Procedures 

Review and 

revision of the 

Supplier 

Policy and 

Procedures if 

necessary 

Increase in Number  

of Brand Name 

Suppliers  

N/A

＊＊ 

17 

17 

7 

9 

Increase in Total 

Purchase from 

Like-Minded Suppliers 

(%) 

N/A

＊＊ 

N/A

＊＊ 

N/A

＊＊ 

3 

5 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

30 

 

＊This optimization was completed in 2017 in line with actual operational requirements. As the 

scope of this Report is for FY2018, the results of 2017 are listed for comparison. The 2019 

Report will only include 2018 results, showing that the optimization was concluded then.  

 

＊＊Either the relevant entry was not applicable or the data was not available. 

 

＊＊＊For 2018, we have only the aggregate number of training hours for each of the Group’s 

offices and production sites. We will record, track and analyze each employee’s participation in 

such corporate training sessions and workshops to provide better disclosure in our next 

sustainability report. 

 

GRI Content Index 

 

GRI 

Standards 

Reference 

GRI-G4 

Reference 

Description 

Section Reference 

Page Reference/ 

Response 

GRI 102 

G4-1 

Statement from senior 

decision-maker 

Message from the Chairman 

3 

GRI 102 

G4-2 

Key impacts, risks, and 

opportunities 

Sustainability Issues－Material 

ESG Topics 

14-16 

GRI 102 

G4-3 

Name of the 

organization 

About Medtecs 

5 

GRI 102 

G4-4 

Activities, brands, 

products, and services 

About Medtecs 

5 

GRI 102 

G4-5 

Location of 

headquarters 

About Medtecs 

5 

GRI 102 

G4-6 

Location of operations 

About Medtecs 

5 

GRI 102 

G4-7 

Ownership and legal 

form 

About Medtecs 

Please also refer to Note 1 

(Corporate Information) of the 

Notes to the Group’s Financial 

Statements for FY2018 in our 

Annual Report FY2018. 

5 

74 of our Annual 

Report FY2018 

GRI 102 

G4-8 

Markets served 

About Medtecs 

5 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

31 

 

GRI 

Standards 

Reference 

GRI-G4 

Reference 

Description 

Section Reference 

Page Reference/ 

Response 

GRI 102 

G4-9 

Scale of the 

organization 

About Medtecs 

5 

GRI 102 

G4-10 

Information on 

employees and other 

workers 

Sustainable Performance – 

Training and Education  

25-27 

GRI 102 

G4-11 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

- 

441 employees 

(who are located 

in the Philippines), 

representing 9% 

of the total 

number of our 

employees, have 

entered into 

collective 

bargaining 

agreements. 

GRI 102 

G4-12 

Supply chain 

Material ESG Topics - Supplier 

Management 

16 

GRI 102 

G4-13 

Significant changes to 

the organization and its 

supply chain 

- 

There were no 

significant 

changes to the 

organization and 

our supply chain 

during this 

reporting period. 

GRI 102 

G4-14 

Precautionary Principle 

or approach 

Governance Structure - Risk 

Management 

10 

GRI 102 

G4-15 

External initiatives 

Please refer to our “Corporate 

Social Responsibility 

Statement” in our Annual 

Report FY2018  

14 to 15 of our 

Annual Report 

FY2018 

GRI 102 

G4-16 

Membership of 

․The Chinese International 

- 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

32 

 

GRI 

Standards 

Reference 

GRI-G4 

Reference 

Description 

Section Reference 

Page Reference/ 

Response 

associations 

Economic Cooperation 

Association  

․Taiwan Technical Textiles 

Association  

․Taipei Textiles Association  

․Taipei Medical Instruments 

Commercial Association  

GRI 102 

G4-17 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

Editorial Policy 

2  

As mentioned in 

the section 

“Editorial Policy”, 

this report applies 

to the operations 

of Medtecs and its 

major 

consolidated 

subsidiaries in 

Cambodia, 

Taiwan and the 

Philippines. Our 

other subsidiaries 

in Singapore, 

China and 

Malaysia are not 

covered in this 

report due to the 

relatively small 

percentage of 

revenue they 

contributed to the 

Group. For the 

entities included 

in the Group’s 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

33 

 

GRI 

Standards 

Reference 

GRI-G4 

Reference 

Description 

Section Reference 

Page Reference/ 

Response 

Financial 

Statements for 

FY2018, please 

refer to Note 9 

(Investment in 

Subsidiaries) of 

the Notes to the 

Group’s Financial 

Statements for 

FY2018 in our 

Annual Report 

FY2018 (pages 

111-113).  

GRI 102 

G4-18 

Defining report content 

and topic Boundaries 

Editorial Policy 

Message from the Chairman  

Governance Structure - 

Sustainability Governance 

Sustainable Issues－Materiality 

Assessment 

Sustainable Issues－Material 

ESG Topics 

2, 3, 9-10, 13-16 

GRI 102 

G4-19 

List of material topics 

Sustainable Issues－Material 

ESG Topics 

14-16 

GRI 103 

G4-20 

Explanation of the 

material topic and its 

Boundary 

Sustainable Issues－Material 

ESG Topics 

14-16 

GRI 103 

G4-21 

Explanation of the 

material topic and its 

Boundary 

Sustainable Issues－Material 

ESG Topics 

14-16 

GRI 102 

G4-22 

Restatements of 

information 

- 

Not applicable as 

there are no 

restatements. 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

34 

 

GRI 

Standards 

Reference 

GRI-G4 

Reference 

Description 

Section Reference 

Page Reference/ 

Response 

GRI 102 

G4-23 

Changes in reporting 

Sustainable Issues – Material 

ESG Topics  

Sustainable Performance – 

Supplier Management  

14-16, 27-30 

There is one 

additional ESG 

topic on supplier 

management 

identified for 

2018, as 

compared to 

2017. 

GRI 102 

G4-24 

List of stakeholder 

groups 

Sustainable Issues－

Stakeholder Engagement 

11-13 

GRI 102 

G4-25 

Identifying and 

selecting stakeholders 

Sustainable Issues－

Stakeholder Engagement 

11-13 

GRI 102 

G4-26 

Approach to 

stakeholder 

engagement 

Sustainable Issues－

Stakeholder Engagement 

11-13 

GRI 102 

G4-27 

Key topics and 

concerns raised 

Sustainable Issues－

Stakeholder Engagement 

11-13 

GRI 102 

G4-28 

Reporting period 

Editorial Policy 

2 

GRI 102 

G4-29 

Date of most recent 

report 

Message from the Chairman 

3 

31 December 

2017 

GRI 102 

G4-30 

Reporting cycle 

Annual 

- 

GRI 102 

G4-31 

Contact point for 

questions regarding 

the report 

Editorial Policy 

2 

GRI 102 

G4-32 

a. Claims of reporting 

in accordance with 

the GRI Standards 

b. GRI content index 

Items a-b: GRI Content Index; 

Item c: We have not sought 

external assurances. 

30-36 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

35 

 

GRI 

Standards 

Reference 

GRI-G4 

Reference 

Description 

Section Reference 

Page Reference/ 

Response 

c. External 

assurance 

G4-33 

G4-33 

External assurance 

-  

We have not 

sought external 

assurances for 

this Report, and 

will consider 

seeking external 

assurance for 

future reporting 

periods.  

G4-34 

G4-34 

Governance structure 

Governance Structure - 

Sustainability Governance 

9-10 

G4-56 

G4-56 

Values, principles, 

standards, and norms 

of behavior 

About Medtecs 

6-7 

 

Specific Standard Disclosures 

 

GRI 

Standards 

Reference 

GRI-G4 

Reference 

Description 

Section Reference 

Page Reference/ 

Response 

GRI 302 

G4-EN6 

Reduction of energy 

consumption 

Sustainable Performance – 

Energy Efficiency  

24-25, 28-29 

GRI 404 

G4-LA9 

Average hours of 

training per year per 

employee 

Sustainable Performance 

For 2018, we 

have only the 

aggregate 

number of training 

hours for each of 

the Group’s 

offices and 

production sites. 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

36 

 

(see page 30). 

We will record, 

track and analyze 

each employee’s 

participation in 

such corporate 

training sessions 

and workshops to 

provide better 

disclosure in our 

next sustainability 

report.   

 

