




MEGHMANI ORGANICS LIMITED




MEGHMANI ORGANICS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

Page 2



Contents

Corporate



Profile

Board



Statement

Sustainability



Governance

Stakeholder



Engagement

Material



Topics


MEGHMANI ORGANICS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

Page 3



Corporate Profile

Meghmani Organics Limited (“MOL” or the “Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”), is a

leading global chemical specialist in the specialised fields of Pigments, Agrochemicals and Basic Chemicals. The

Group’s products are categorised into three main businesses: (i) Pigments, (ii) Agrochemicals, and (iii) Caustic

Soda.

In 1986, the Group commenced operations to manufacture Phthalocynine Green 7, more popularly known as

Pigment Green 7, at our first manufacturing plant situated at the GIDC Industrial Estate, Vatva. MOL is the largest

manufacturer of Phthalocyanine-based pigments, with a 14% global market share, and is among the top 3

(capacity-wise) global pigment players. MOL’s pigment products are used in multiple applications, including

printing inks, plastics, paints, textiles, leather, paper and rubber. The agrochemical products manufactured by

MOL fall into three main categories – technical products, formulations and intermediates. These agrochemical

products are used in crop protection, public health, termite and insect control, and veterinary applications. The

Caustic Soda segment includes caustic, chlorine and caustic potash manufactured by Meghmani Finechem

Limited (“MFL”), a subsidiary of MOL. MFL is the 7th largest (by capacity) caustic-chlorine producer in India.

Caustic soda is used in soap and detergents, pulp and paper, textiles processing, organic and inorganic chloro

solvents. Chlorine is used in PVC manufacturing, illumining, dyes and dye intermediates, organic and inorganic

chemicals, disinfection of drinking water, and pharmaceuticals, while caustic potash is used in soaps, detergents

and chemical fertilizers .

Having received several awards for outstanding export performance, MOL has a presence in more than 75

countries, serving over 400 customers across all three business segments. Our global distribution network

consists of 20 overseas distributors catering to our international markets for our Pigments and Agrochemical

products, and a chain of over 2,800 stockists, agents, distributors and dealers covering the domestic market in

India.

The Group’s products are produced under our proprietary brands, which are recognised names among customers

in India, Africa, Brazil, Europe, the USA and Latin America.

The brands under our Agrochemical formulations include ‘Megastar', 'Megacyper', ‘Megaban’, ‘Synergy’ and

‘Courage’, while the brand 'Meghafast' is for the Pigments segment. The Group has more than 36 brands of

various agrochemical formulations under our Agrochemicals segment to cater to the needs of Indian farmers.

Headquartered in Ahmedabad, the Group has seven dedicated manufacturing facilities in India, which includes

three pigment plants in Vatva, Panoli and Dahej, and another four agrochemical plants in Chharodi, Panoli, Dahej

and Ankleshwar. The Group also has four warehouses in Turkey, Russia, the USA and Uruguay.

In 2004, MOL was listed on the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”)

under the stock code M30. MOL was also listed on the Indian Stock Exchanges viz., National Stock Exchange

India Limited (“NSE”) and BSE Limited (“BSE”), in 2007.


MEGHMANI ORGANICS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

Page 4



Board Statement

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) is pleased to present the inaugural Sustainability Report of MOL for the

financial year ended 31 March 2018.

This Sustainability Report is meant for our employees, business partners, all other stakeholders and the interested

public. This report has been prepared in compliance with the SGX Sustainability Reporting Guidelines that are set

out in Listing Rule 711A and 711B, and with reference to the guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”)

Standards, a globally-recognised sustainability reporting framework, for reporting on topics that are deemed

material to MOL.

Since we started our Pigments business in 1986, we have broadened our operations to include Agrochemicals and

Basic Chemicals business segments over the last three decades. We are committed to producing premium quality

specialty chemicals in our respective business segments to cater to the evolving requirements of our customers.

We seized opportunities to expand progressively in our product range and manufacturing capabilities, as well as

deepen our established global distribution network for our range of products with their various proprietary brands in

our three main businesses.

While the Group continues to grow and pursue business opportunities, we acknowledge the need for our

stakeholders to be engaged in our sustainable growth strategies and practices. In our first Sustainability Report,

we cover the Environment, Social, and Governance (“ESG”) performance across our three main business

segments – Pigments, Agrochemicals and Basic Chemicals. The Board has considered sustainability issues as

part of its strategic formulation, determined the material ESG factors and overseen the management and

monitoring of sustainability risks and opportunities, while ensuring all ESG matters significant to our businesses

are addressed. The Board believes this report is a reasonable and clear presentation of the company’s plans and

of its environmental, social and governance performance.

This report focuses on MOL’s sustainability performance with regards to the Group’s operations in India from 1

April 2017 to 31 March 2018.

No external assurance was sought for this report.

We welcome stakeholders to provide us with feedback and suggestions on this report. You may contact us at

helpdesk@meghmani.com


MEGHMANI ORGANICS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

Page 5



Sustainability Governance

MOL’s sustainability agenda is developed and directed by senior management with guidance from the Board. Our

sustainability approach is focused on generating stable and sustainable value for our stakeholders by managing

the ESG impacts, as well as risks and opportunities present in our businesses.

The Group has in place a Sustainability Committee which is led by senior management executives and supported

by representatives from the various departments across the business segments in the Group. The Sustainability

Committee is responsible for reviewing the Group’s sustainability performance, material topics, stakeholder

concerns, setting of targets and goals for material topics, and establishing systems to collect, verify, monitor and

report information required for this sustainability report.

The Sustainability Committee meets at least once a year and proposes, coordinates and promotes the company’s

main sustainability initiatives.

The Board maintains oversight over the Sustainability Committee, managing sustainability risks and opportunities,

while ensuring all Environment, Social and Governance (“ESG”) matters significant to our business are addressed.


MEGHMANI ORGANICS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

Page 6



Stakeholder Engagement

We use formal and informal engagement methods to interact with our various groups of stakeholders as identified

below. We seek to engage the various stakeholder groups in identifying of material topics for our subsequent

sustainability reports.

OUR STAKEHOLDERS

STAKEHOLDERS’ EXPECTATIONS

MODE OF ENGAGEMENT

OUR INITIATIVES AND RESPONSES

Customers



Customer privacy



Quality control



On-time delivery and services



Technical support



Reasonable payment terms



Competitive pricing



Customer feedback 

management via surveys, 

face-to-face meetings



Regular sales calls and 

meetings 

➢

Active follow-up on customers’ 

needs 

➢

Regular internal meetings to review 

customers’ order fulfilment and new 

requirements

➢

Update customers on new products 

and solutions 

➢

Provide timely feedback to 

customers 

Employees



Career growth



Training opportunities



Competitive salaries and 

incentives



Pleasant and safe working 

environment



Regular internal 

communications 



Regular review of working 

environment and welfare



Employee feedback 

➢

Ensure effective implementation of 

HR policies

➢

Regular internal meetings to review 

safety practices

➢

Annual performance review 

Shareholders &amp; 

Investors



Higher financial returns



Industry conditions



Market presence



Profitability



Transparency &amp; corporate 

governance 



Announcements via SGX



Annual General Meeting



Investor roadshows



Conference calls with 

investment community



Electronic communications 

through investor relations 

portal



Annual reports

➢

Regular and timely updates via 

announcements and press releases 

as and when required

➢

Ensure sustainable business growth  

Government &amp; 

Regulators



Regulatory compliance



Occupational health &amp; safety 



Environmental issues



Social issues 



Meetings to remain updated 

on issues of relevance



Electronic communications

➢

Ensure compliance with applicable 

laws 

➢

Meetings to update and resolve 

issues with relevant authorities as 

and when required

Suppliers



Competitive pricing



Payment terms



Quality benchmarks



Networking sessions



Visits to / Interactions with 

suppliers

➢

Regular feedback on quality or other 

issues 


MEGHMANI ORGANICS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

Page 7



Material Topics

MOL conducted an internal stakeholder analysis to identify the sustainability topics that matter most to the success

of our Group and our other stakeholders. This was conducted in 2018 and we expect to review the relevance of

the material topics after we have engaged other stakeholders in the coming year. As this is our inaugural report,

we have just embarked on data collection for these material topics and would be sharing more information on

performance and targets in our subsequent reports.

MATERIAL TOPIC

DESCRIPTION

RELEVANT GRI STANDARDS THAT

WE WILL BE REPORTING

Product Safety and 

Stewardship

Developing modern, innovative agricultural products 

and technologies that meet or exceed regulatory 

requirements relative to safety, human health and 

the environment 

GRI 416: Customer Health &amp; Safety 

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance

Environmental 

Management

Applying innovation and best practices to protect, 

conserve and manage energy 

GRI 302: Energy

Business Practices 

and Competition 

Adopting methods or processes that deliver 

products and services which meet the standards of 

customers based on value, quality, service and fair 

competitive market practices.

GRI 205: Anti-Corruption

GRI 206: Anti-Competitive Behaviour

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

Ensuring a healthy, safe and secure workplace that 

promotes well-being.

GRI 403: Occupational Health and 

Safety 

Employee 

Development, Diversity 

and Benefits

Attracting, retaining and developing our employees, 

promoting professional growth, leveraging the 

power of inclusion and diversity, and creating a 

positive work environment.

GRI 401: Employment

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity

Relationships with 

Local Communities 

and Society

Enhancing the communities in which we operate, 

engaging in social contribution and employee 

voluntarism.

GRI 413: Local Communities




(CIN: L24110GJ1995PLC024052)

Tel.: +91 79 71761000, 29709600   |   Fax: +91 79-29709605   |   E-mail: helpdesk@meghmani.com   |  Website: www.meghmani.com



