





















MEGHMANI ORGANICS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

Page 

2



Contents

Corporate



Profile

Board



Statement

Sustainability



Governance

Stakeholder



Engagement

Material



Topics


MEGHMANI ORGANICS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

Page 

3



Corporate Profile

Meghmani Organics Limited (“MOL” or the “Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the

“Group”), is a leading global chemical specialist in the specialised fields of Pigments,

Agrochemicals and Basic Chemicals. The Group’s products are categorised into three main

businesses: (i) Pigments, (ii) Agrochemicals, and (iii) Caustic Soda.

In 1986, the Group commenced operations to manufacture Phthalocynine Green 7, more

popularly known as Pigment Green 7, at our first manufacturing plant situated at the GIDC

Industrial Estate, Vatva. MOL is the largest manufacturer of Phthalocyanine-based pigments, with

a 14% global market share, and is among the top 3 (capacity-wise) global pigment players. MOL’s

pigment products are used in multiple applications, including printing inks, plastics, paints,

textiles, leather, paper and rubber. The agrochemical products manufactured by MOL fall into

three main categories – technical products, formulations and intermediates. These agrochemical

products are used in crop protection, public health, termite and insect control, and veterinary

applications. The

Caustic

Soda

segment

includes

caustic,

chlorine

and

caustic

potash

manufactured by Meghmani Finechem Limited (“MFL”), a subsidiary of MOL. MFL is the 7th

largest (by capacity) caustic-chlorine producer in India. Caustic soda is used in soap and

detergents, pulp and paper, textiles processing, organic and inorganic chloro solvents. Chlorine is

used in PVC manufacturing, illumining, dyes and dye intermediates, organic and inorganic

chemicals, disinfection of drinking water, and pharmaceuticals, while caustic potash is used in

soaps, detergents and chemical fertilizers .

Having received several awards for outstanding export performance, MOL has a presence in

more than 75 countries, serving over 400 customers across all three business segments. Our

global distribution network consists of 20 overseas distributors catering to our international

markets for our Pigments and Agrochemical products, and a chain of over 2,800 stockists, agents,

distributors and dealers covering the domestic market in India.

The Group’s products are produced under our proprietary brands, which are recognised names

among customers in India, Africa, Brazil, Europe, the USA and Latin America.

The brands under our Agrochemical formulations include ‘Megastar', 'Megacyper', ‘Megaban’,

‘Synergy’ and ‘Courage’, while the brand 'Meghafast' is for the Pigments segment. The Group has

more than 36 brands of various agrochemical formulations under our Agrochemicals segment to

cater to the needs of Indian farmers.

Headquartered in Ahmedabad, the Group has seven dedicated manufacturing facilities in India,

which includes three pigment plants in Vatva, Panoli and Dahej, and another four agrochemical

plants in Chharodi, Panoli, Dahej and Ankleshwar. The Group also has four warehouses in

Turkey, Russia, the USA and Uruguay.

In 2004, MOL was listed on the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited

(“SGX-ST”) under the stock code M30. MOL was also listed on the Indian Stock Exchanges viz.,

National Stock Exchange India Limited (“NSE”) and BSE Limited (“BSE”), in 2007.


MEGHMANI ORGANICS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

Page 

4



Board Statement

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Meghmani Organics Limited (“MOL” or the “Company”,

and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”), determines the material environment, social and

governance (“ESG”) factors and looks to refine and set targets to improve the ESG factors

subsequently.

As a leading chemical manufacturer with a global presence, MOL is committed to conducting our

business activities in an economically, socially and environmentally responsible manner governed

by high standards of internal controls and risk management practices. Understanding the

concerns and interests of our stakeholders is crucial as we continue to look at growing our

business opportunities. Our commitment to sustainability guides our growth strategies and

business practices.

In 2018, MOL conducted

our first materiality assessment and published

our inaugural

Sustainability Report. This is our second Sustainability Report (“SR2019”) and the SR2019 has

been prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”), a globally-recognised

sustainability reporting framework, and in compliance to the Rules 711A and 711B of the

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited’s (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual of Mainboard Rules.

SR2019 focuses on MOL’s sustainability performance with regards to the Group’s operations in

India from 1 April 2018 to 31 March 2019 (“FY2019”). A phased approach is being adopted by

MOL for our sustainability report and we will seek to provide additional disclosures on our material

topics as our sustainability reporting matures over time.

The Board maintained oversight over the Sustainability Committee, managing sustainability risks

and opportunities, while ensuring all ESG matters significant to our business are addressed in our

Report.

No external assurance was sought for this report.

We welcome stakeholders to provide us with feedback and suggestions on this report. You may

contact us at helpdesk@meghmani.com


MEGHMANI ORGANICS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

Page 

5



Sustainability Governance

MOL’s sustainability agenda is developed and directed by senior management with guidance from

the Board. Our sustainability approach is focused on generating stable and sustainable value for

our stakeholders by managing the ESG impacts, as well as risks and opportunities present in our

businesses.

The Group’s Sustainability Committee includes senior management executives, led by the

Executive Chairman. The Sustainability Committee is responsible for reviewing the Company’s

sustainability performance, material topics, stakeholder concerns, setting targets and goals for

material topics, and establishing systems to collect, verify, monitor and report information required

for this sustainability report.

The Sustainability Committee meets at least once a year and proposes, coordinates and

promotes the company’s main sustainability initiatives. The Board maintains oversight over the

Sustainability Committee, managing sustainability risks, and opportunities while ensuring all

Environment, Social and Governance (“ESG”) matters significant to our business are addressed.

The Group takes a strategic and comprehensive approach towards sustainability. Any key issues

relating to the sustainability framework will be raised by the Sustainability Committee during board

meetings, where the Board will review and consider the sustainability issues. The Board approves

the Group’s general policies and strategies including those relating to sustainability.




MEGHMANI ORGANICS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

Page 

6



Stakeholder Engagement

MOL continues to engage with our various groups of stakeholders on an annual basis to

understand and address their concerns. As our businesses continue to expand, the topics that are

material to our key stakeholders may change to reflect the relevance and significance of our

operations.

In 2019, we continued our internal engagement with our key stakeholders through multiple

established channels to re-evaluate the relevance and significance of the material topics for this

reporting period. Understanding the on-going concerns of our key stakeholders allow us to strive

for continuous success in creating value for all our stakeholders. As MOL continues to grow the

business, we are committed to review and report changes in the material issues in subsequent

reports.

Our Stakeholders

Stakeholders’ 

Expectations

Mode of Engagement

Our Initiatives and 

Responses

Customers



Customer privacy



Quality control



On-time delivery and 

services



Technical support



Reasonable payment 

terms



Competitive pricing



Customer feedback 

management via 

surveys, face-to-face 

meetings



Regular sales calls and 

meetings 

►

Active follow-up on 

customers’ needs 

►

Regular internal meetings to 

review customers’ order 

fulfilment and new 

requirements

►

Update customers on new 

products and solutions 

►

Provide timely feedback to 

customers 

Employees



Career growth



Training opportunities



Competitive salaries and 

incentives



Pleasant and safe 

working environment



Regular internal 

communications 



Regular review of 

working environment 

and welfare



Employee feedback 

►

Ensure effective 

implementation of HR 

policies

►

Regular internal meetings to 

review safety practices

►

Annual performance review 

Shareholders &amp; 

Investors



Higher financial returns



Industry conditions



Market presence



Profitability



Transparency &amp; 

corporate governance 



Announcements via 

SGX-ST, NSE and BSE



Annual General Meeting



Investor roadshows



Conference calls with 

investment community



Electronic 

communications through 

investor relations portal



Annual report

►

Regular and timely updates 

via announcements and 

press releases as and when 

required

►

Ensure sustainable business 

growth  

Government &amp; 

Regulators



Regulatory compliance



Occupational health &amp; 

safety 



Environmental issues



Social issues 



Meetings to remain 

updated on issues of 

relevance



Electronic 

communications

►

Ensure compliance with 

applicable laws 

►

Meetings to update and 

resolve issues with relevant 

authorities as and when 

required

Suppliers



Competitive pricing



Payment terms



Quality benchmarks



Networking sessions



Visits to / Interactions 

with suppliers

►

Regular feedback on quality 

or other issues 


MEGHMANI ORGANICS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

Page 

7



Material Topics

MOL reviewed our material topics in 2019 based on internal stakeholders’ discussions with

various department managers. The material topics reviewed continue to have an economic,

environmental and social influence on our business activities. In 2019, data was collected for our

material topics and this has allowed us to review our performance and set targets. To guide our

reporting, we used the GRI standards as a reference to prepare the Sustainability Report 2019.

Material Topic

Description

Relevant GRI Standards that 

we will be reporting 

Product Safety and 

Stewardship

Developing modern, innovative agricultural 

products and technologies that meet or 

exceed regulatory requirements relative to 

safety, human health, and the environment 

GRI 416: Customer Health &amp; 

Safety 

GRI 307: Environmental 

Compliance

Environmental 

Management

Applying innovation and best practices to 

protect, conserve and manage energy 

GRI 302: Energy

Business Practices 

and Competition 

Adopting methods or processes that deliver 

products and services which meet the 

standards of customers based on value, 

quality, service, and fair competitive market 

practices.

GRI 205: Anti-Corruption

GRI 206: Anti-Competitive 

Behaviour

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

Ensuring a healthy, safe and secure 

workplace that promotes well-being.

GRI 403: Occupational Health 

and Safety 

Employee 

Development, 

Diversity and 

Benefits

Attracting, retaining and developing our 

employees, promoting professional growth, 

leveraging the power of inclusion and 

diversity, and creating a positive work 

environment.

GRI 401: Employment

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity


MEGHMANI ORGANICS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

Page 

8



Product Safety and Stewardship

Customer Health &amp; Safety

GRI 416-2

Our Approach

MOL’s core focus is our commitment to customer satisfaction. Ensuring our products are safe for

our customers’ intended application is key in maintaining the continued trust of our loyal

customers. Our customers come from a broad background of diverse industries and it is important

to understand their respective applications of our products. MOL recognises the concerns on the

safe application of chemicals and their impact on the health and safety of our customers. We

understand the restrictive regulations and we are committed to complying them.

MOL adheres to the strictest regulatory requirements and standards that are paramount to our

businesses. Understanding our product hazard, its risk and impact, allow us to identify and

manage key areas for MOL to focus on and adhere to local requirements on product information.

We assess our products to ensure that the health and safety of our customers are not

compromised. MOL keeps up to date with technological advancements that will aid the

development of innovative products that surpass the highest regulatory requirements of health,

safety, and environment.

Our Performance

In FY2019, we have zero cases of non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes

related to the health and safety impacts of our products and services.

Environmental Compliance

GRI 307-1

Our Approach

MOL believes that environmental compliance is the primary foundation that forms our commitment

to environmental law, regulations and standards. We acknowledged that the nature of our

business leaves a large environmental footprint and we strive to reduce the impact our business

activities impose on our ecosystem. MOL adheres to the local environmental rules and

regulations, and our environmental policy guides us in managing our operational activities in

minimising the impact.

The use and application of hazardous materials are present in our operational activities. Proper,

safe and responsible disposal facilities are provided with the necessary capabilities to treat the

liquid and solid waste. Air emissions that contain pollutants are regulated by local laws which we

need to comply. Our agrochemicals products are strictly controlled and we require prior

registration with the relevant governing authorities in each country before we are allowed to sell.

Thus, qualitative standards and permitted toxicity levels set by each governing authority will need

to be complied with before we can sell our agrochemicals products.


MEGHMANI ORGANICS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

Page 

9

MOL has a greenbelt at our factory premises with an environmental management system in place

at the plant locations. We provide proper training to ensure our employees are aware of the

environmental regulations and obligations while ensuring proper and adequate safeguards are

maintained at our plants at all times. MOL has four multifunctional productions facilities in Gujarat

and three of these production facilities are ISO 9001 certified. We are committed to improving our

health, safety and environment performance by ensuring chemical product safety and making our

processing plants secure.

Our Performance

We have zero cases of non-compliance with environmental law, regulations and standards related

to environmental compliance in FY2019.


MEGHMANI ORGANICS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

Page 10



Environmental Management 

Environmental Management

GRI 302-1

Our Approach

MOL recognises the impact our businesses can have on the environmental ecosystem. As the

core of our business is chemical manufacturing and uses a significant amount of energy, we are

committed to conserving our energy usage to minimise the impact on the ecosystem. Our

environmental policy guides us in our environmental practices. Since we started collecting data,

we have a better understanding of our performance and can set a realistic target.

Our Performance

In FY2019, we have consumed a total of approximately 2,670 TJ of energy across our operations.

This included both renewable energy and non-renewable energy. Our renewable energy

generated was approximately 4% of the total energy consumed and was generated by four

windmills for the four plants located at Dahej, Ankleshwar, Panoli and Vatva, as well as a solar

power purchase agreement for the plants in the three locations Dahej, Ankleshwar, and Panoli.

Through renewable energy generated, we have avoided approximately 26,529 tCO2.

From Non-

Renewable 

Sources 

(MJ)

From 

Renewable 

Source 

(MJ)

Electricity 

Consumption 

(MJ)

Steam 

Consumption 

(MJ)

Total Energy 

Consumed

(MJ)

Offices &amp; 

Manufacturing 

Plants

166,374,666.8

108,778,737.6

1,659,601,196

735,449,043

2,670,203,643.4

(~ 2,670 TJ)

Fuel Consumption within the Organisation

Renewable Energy 

Consumed (kWh)

Renewable Energy 

Consumed (MJ)

GHG emissions 

avoided1 (tCO2)

Wind Power

29,155,160 kWh

104,958,576

25,598.23

Solar Power

1,061,156 kWh

3,820,161.6

931.69

Total

108,778,737.6

26,529.92

Energy Consumed from Renewable Sources

Note: 1 Based on Asian Development Bank – Guidelines for estimating greenhouse gas emissions of Asian

Development Bank projects: Additional guidance for clean energy projects (2017)


MEGHMANI ORGANICS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

Page 11



Business Practices and Competition

Anti-Corruption

GRI 205-1

Our Approach

Good business practice is an important foundation for our business activities to progress. MOL

conducts our businesses with the highest standards of ethical business practices in a fair and

transparent manner. We hold a strong stance against corruption and have in place a Whistle

Blower Policy that employees can use for reporting unethical practices without fear of unjust

retribution.

Our Performance

In FY2019, there have been no reported cases of corruption.

Anti-Competitive Behaviour

GRI 206-1

Our Approach

We are committed to ensuring our businesses are conducted in an ethical and fair manner. MOL

adopts a strong stance against any anti-competitive behaviour or unfair advantages in our

business activities. We support competitive environment, ensuring fair business practices for all

our employees and stakeholders.

Our Performance

We have no reported anti-competitive behaviours or anti-trust violations in FY2019.


MEGHMANI ORGANICS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

Page 12



Occupational Health and Safety

Occupational Health and Safety

GRI 403-2

Our Approach

At MOL, the safety and wellbeing of our employees is our highest priority. We recognise that the

use of machinery in our manufacturing plants and operational facilities can pose safety hazards

and health risks. Some of our products and raw materials are considered to be hazardous and

working with hazardous materials can pose a health risk to our employees in the operating plants.

Enforcing a strong safety culture in all our facilities provides assurance for our employees to

perform at their best in their daily operational activities. We adhere to local health and safety

regulations, and our environment, health and safety policy guides us in promoting safety

measures in our operational facilities.

Training is provided on a regular basis to our employees in the operational plants to continuously

align themselves to safety regulations and standards, recognise safety hazards and implement

control measures when faced with a safety risk situation. A safety manual is provided to all

employees in our operational plants. Work procedure and safety instructions are clearly

communicated for each activity. All employees working in the operating plants are required to

wear personal protection equipment at all times. We implement safeguards in handling, storing,

transporting, importing and sale of our hazardous products and raw materials. All our plants are

equipped with a medical facility to regularly conduct routine medical checks on our employees

working in these plant facilities. Medical support is available in case of any occupational health

and related issues, and a selected few are trained in first aid. Fire-fighting equipment are also

available at all plants and regularly maintained.

Our Performance

An accidental fire broke out in one of the manufacturing sections of Agrochemicals Plant at GIDC

Dahej, District – Bharuch, Gujarat, (India) on 26th March 2019. We are saddened by the loss of

two employees from the Dahej plant due to this unfortunate accident. The Company has taken all

the appropriate safety measures to avoid, recurrence of any such eventuality. With our

commitment to improve our health and safety performance, we are examining our facilities,

processes and technologies, and ensuring these are adequate in safeguarding our employees’

health and well-being.

The Gujarat Pollution Control Board issued a closure notice to the Company for safety purposes.

The intention was to treat and discharge the water used for fire-fighting into the proper effluent

channel.

The fire at Dahej was accidental and no offence was registered in FY2019.


MEGHMANI ORGANICS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

Page 13



Employee Development, Diversity and Benefits

Employment

GRI 401-1

Our Approach

MOL believes our employees are essential in maintaining long-term success. We are committed

to fair employment practices and maintaining a working environment where our employees are

respected and empowered to perform at their best. Boosting our employee’s morale, in turn,

reduces our employee turnover rates while strengthening our employee’s productivity. MOL

strives to understand the concerns of our employees to keep them engaged at all times.

Our Performance

In FY2019, we hired a total of 393 new employees, bringing our total headcount to 1,542

employees. We have an overall hiring rate of 35.7% and no turnover of employees.

New Employee Hires and Employee Turnover

Age Group

No. of new 

hires

Rate of new 

hires

No. of employee 

turnover

Rate of employee 

turnover

Under 30 years old

291

26.41%

Nil

0%

30-50 years old

90

8.17%

Nil

0%

Over 50 years old

12

1.09%

Nil

0%

Total

393

35.66%

Nil

0%

Gender

No. of new 

hires

Rate of new 

hires

No. of employee 

turnover

Rate of employee 

turnover

Male

392

35.57%

Nil

0%

Female

1

0.09%

Nil

0%


MEGHMANI ORGANICS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

Page 14

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

GRI 405-1

Our Approach

MOL believes in providing equal opportunities in an open environment. We hire and retain our

employees solely based on merit and capability to contribute. MOL does not tolerate any form of

discrimination based on colour, race, religion, political inclination and any other type of

distinguishing characteristics. MOL attracts and retains a diverse set of qualified and experienced

employees. Equally important for a diverse talent pool to have a diverse management board as a

diverse set of skills, seniority, and industry knowledge will bring in an exchange of different ideas

and perspectives.

Our Performance

Due to the nature of our business activities, approximately 99% of our workforce comprises

males and 1% females. The majority of our employees are aged between 30 and 50 years old

and are employed as non-executive employees.

Gender

No. of Employees

Percentage

Male

1,530

99%

Female

12

1%

Total

1,542

100%

Age Group

No. of Employees

Percentage

Under 30 years old

514

33.3%

30-50 years old

843

54.7%

Over 50 years old

185

12.0%

Total

1,542

100.0%

Under 30 years old

30-50 years old

Over 50 years old

Senior Management

-

0.1%

1.7%

Management

-

1.6%

1.2%

Executive

5.2%

13.4%

3.3%

Non-executive

25.9%

34.6%

4.9%

General

2.27%

4.7%

1.2%

Total Employees by Employment Category

Board Diversity

Gender

Board Representation

Male

90.9%

Female

9.1%

Age Group

Board Representation

Under 30 years old

0%

30-50 years old

0%

Over 50 years old

100%

Total Employees by Gender

Total Employees by Age


MEGHMANI ORGANICS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

Page 15

Our Community

MOL strives to enrich the quality of life not only for our employees, but also for the communities in

which we operate. We involve these communities as we create value for them.

Our Approach

We organise annual events involving our employees’ families to strengthen our relationship with

our employees, and build a relationship of understanding and respect for one another.

Our Performance

In FY2019, we organized three prominent events that saw active participation of our employees

and our communities.

Our Activities in FY2019









Yuva Shakti-Yuvotsav

We organised this camp as part of the Group’s succession planning programme, ensuring smooth

changeover of business from the first generation to the second generation. We had 31 employees

participating in this event.

Cultural Programme – Talk on Family Values

We organised this event as part of the Group’s dedication in strong family life and we were encouraged to

see 800 employees participating in this event, which was also opened to the public.






MEGHMANI ORGANICS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

Page 16

We organised this event with the objective of strengthening father and son relationships in our Group, and

recorded 200 employees’ participation.

“Welcome Zindagi” (“Welcome Life”) – Drama Screening
















(CIN: L24110GJ1995PLC024052)

Tel.: +91 79 71761000, 29709600   |   Fax: +91 79-29709605   |   E-mail: helpdesk@meghmani.com   |  Website: www.meghmani.com



