
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

MEGROUP LTD. 

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore on 7 February 2018) 

(Company Registration Number: 201804996H) 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

 

 




MEGROUP LTD - SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

1 

 

CORPORATE PROFILE 

 

MeGroup Ltd. (the “Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is a 

Malaysian-based automotive company involved in the manufacturing of noise, vibration and 

harshness ("NVH") and non-NVH components for the automotive industry, and the operation 

of automobile dealerships in Malaysia. The Company was listed on the Official List of SGX-

Catalist on 31 October 2018.  

 

Established in 30 March 1995, the Manufacturing Business segment specialises in 

manufacturing NVH components such as headliners and engine outers which are incorporated 

into various parts of automobiles, including the ceiling, dashboard, hood and boot, as well as 

non-NVH components such as parcel trays and board assembly decks. On the other hand, the 

Dealership Business comprises several 3S and 4S automobile dealerships for the sale of new 

automobiles with brands such as Honda, Mazda and Peugeot. These Dealerships are owned 

and operated by MeGroup. 

 

 


MEGROUP LTD - SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

2 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

This is the Group's Sustainability Report which covers the sustainability approach, initiatives, 

performance and material environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) factors with regards 

to the Group’s upstream manufacturing operations in Balakong, Malaysia throughout the 12-

month period, from 1 April 2019 to 31 March 2020 (“FY2020”).  

 

FRAMEWORK 

 

This Sustainability Report is prepared with reference to the guidelines of the Global Reporting 

Initiatives (“GRI”) Standards and is in compliance with Rule 711A and 711B of the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist 

(the “Catalist Rules”). It also makes references to the guideline set out in SGX-ST’s 

Sustainability Reporting Guide under Practice Note 7F of the Catalist Rules.  

 

CONTENT AND QUALITY 

 

This sustainability report is prepared with reference to the guidelines of the Global Reporting 

Initiatives (“GRI”) Standards – Core Option and GRI's principles of stakeholder, inclusiveness, 

sustainability context, materiality, and completeness have been applied to determine the 

content of the report.  

 

GRI's principles of accuracy, balance, clarity, comparability, reliability and timeliness have 

been used to help stakeholders assess our sustainability performance. The ESG data provided 

in the report has been extracted from internal information systems and records to make 

certain that they are accurate and consistent.  

 

ASSURANCE 

 

No external assistance and assurance were sought in the preparation of this report. The board 

of directors of the Company (the "Board") has relied on internal verification to ensure the 

accuracy of data. The ESG performance is reported in good faith and to the best of our 

knowledge.  

 

FEEDBACK 

 

We welcome the feedback, suggestions and input of stakeholders on this report. You may 

contact us through our investor relations email at admin@mnsb.me-grp.com. 

 

 


MEGROUP LTD - SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

3 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

The Group has considered sustainability as part of its strategic formulation and determined 

the material ESG factors most applicable to the Group. The Board oversees the management 

and monitoring of these factors, through internal reviews of the Group's sustainability 

performance. Sustainability and corporate social responsibility are at the core of our corporate 

strategy and adhering to these twin tenets would allow the Group to create lasting and positive 

change on the communities we operate in.  

 

We are committed to our stakeholders, particularly, our employees, business partners and 

customers who purchase our products and services. This is why one of the key strategies of 

the Group is to maintain stringent and unwavering standards of quality control for the products 

produced and sold by us, whether through our supply chain of upstream manufacturing of 

automotive parts or downstream automotive retail dealerships. 

 

Our upstream manufacturing is certified to internationally recognised standards of ISO 9001 

Quality Management and IATF 16946 Automotive Management. The intention behind starting 

upstream manufacturing and downstream retail dealership business segments concurrently 

was to be able to provide a wider range of quality products and services across different areas. 

In order to align ourselves with our initial objectives, we continue to hold our products to the 

same high standard and provide bespoke products with specialised industry applications 

through research and development and close collaboration with our technical partners. 

 

In order to support long-term value creation for our stakeholders and shareholders, the Group 

adopts the precautionary principle to minimise negative effects of conducting its business 

whenever possible. The precautionary principle is a strategy for approaching issues of 

potential harm when extensive scientific knowledge on the matter is lacking. It emphasizes 

caution, pausing and review before leaping into new innovations that may prove disastrous. 

 

 

 


MEGROUP LTD - SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

4 

 

SUSTAINABILITY FRAMEWORK  

 

The Group acknowledges the importance of putting in place an effective ESG strategy and 

management across the different facets of the business operations. To this end, the Group 

has established a Sustainability Committee, led by key management executives of the Group 

and supported by representatives from various departments in the Group, with principal 

charge of the Group's ESG strategy. The Sustainability Committee reports to the Board and is 

responsible for reviewing the Group’s sustainability performance, material topics, stakeholder 

concerns, the setting of targets for material topics, and establishing systems to collect, verify, 

and monitor information required for the sustainability reports.  

 

We are aware of the risks and impact associated with the industry we operate in and 

endeavour to identify, evaluate and prevent these risks whenever possible. The Board 

approves the Group’s general policies and strategies including those relating to sustainability 

and are satisfied that the framework in place is sufficient to ensure that the Group's 

sustainability risks and issues are managed and mitigated effectively.  

 

 

 

 

 



BOARD OF DIRECTORS 



SUSTAINABILITY 

COMMITTEE 

● KEY MANAGEMENT 

EXECUTIVES 



SUSTAINABILITY TEAM 

● EMPLOYEES FROM 

VARIOUS DEPARTMENTS 



Review and consider sustainability issues, as well 

as approve general policies and strategies. 



Review sustainability performance, material 

topics, stakeholder concerns, set targets and 

goals for information required for sustainability 

reports. 



Implementation of systems and practices 

throughout the organisation to achieve goals for 

the identified material topics. 


MEGROUP LTD - SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

5 

 

KEY STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT 

 

We recognise that engagement with all of our stakeholder groups (including the receiving of 

feedback) forms an integral part of our sustainability strategy and initiatives. As such the 

Group takes steps to proactively engage our stakeholders through a variety of channels. 

Through such engagement, our stakeholders are updated on the Group's developments; in 

addition, the Group is able to receive feedback which would in turn allow us to tailor our 

sustainability strategy and initiatives.  

 

We recognise that continual engagement and communication with these key stakeholders are 

vital to the longevity of our business and being open to their feedback would allow us to 

identify and prioritise the sustainability issues that matter to them the most. We have identified 

stakeholders as groups that have an impact, or have the potential to be impacted by our 

business, as well as external organisations that have expertise in aspects that we consider 

material. We would also be continually refreshing our list of key stakeholders to ensure that 

the people most crucial to our materiality assessment process will be involved.  

 

Our significant stakeholders, mode of engagement and our initiatives in relation to them are 

set out below: 

 

Stakeholders 

Expectation and 

Concerns 

Mode of Engagement 

Our Initiatives 

Employees 

• Career 

advancement 

• Benefits 

and 

remuneration 

• Health and safety 

• Annual 

performance 

appraisal 

• Training 

• Dialogues 

• Regular 

internal 

meetings to review 

health 

and 

safety 

issues 

• Sponsor employees 

to attend courses, 

seminars 

and 

conferences 

• Implementing 

fair 

employment policies 

and practices 

• Benchmarking salary 

with market rate 

 

Customers 

• Quality control 

• On-time 

delivery 

and services 

• Competitive 

pricing 

• Technical 

expertise 

• Workplace health 

and safety 

• Feedback 

and 

engagement sessions 

• Dialogues, 

consultations 

and 

meetings 

• Annual reports  

• ISO 9001 and IATF 

16949 certification to 

assure 

consistent 

level of quality in 

products 

and 

services 

• Regular 

internal 

meetings to review 

customers’ fulfilment 

and requirements 


MEGROUP LTD - SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

6 

 

Stakeholders 

Expectation and 

Concerns 

Mode of Engagement 

Our Initiatives 

• Ensuring adherence 

to WHS policies 

 

Government 

and Regulators 

• Compliance 

• Occupational 

health and safety 

• Environmental 

matters 

• Scheduled and ad-hoc 

site visits 

• Meetings 

• Seminars 

• Ensure 

compliance 

with applicable laws 

and regulations 

• Constantly 

getting 

update on relevant 

law and regulations 

through 

various 

channels 

• Meeting the relevant 

authorities as and 

when necessary 

 

Shareholders 

and Investors 

• Financial 

returns 

and 

long-term 

shareholders value 

• Business 

growth 

and sustainability 

• Transparency and 

corporate 

governance 

• Annual 

General 

Meeting 

• Annual reports 

• Company website 

• Announcement 

on 

SGXNET 

• Providing 

relevant 

and 

prompt 

disclosure on Group’s 

financial 

announcements and 

corporate 

developments 

• Ensuring robust risk 

management 

and 

corporate 

governance 

• Half-yearly meetings 

with analysts and 

investment 

community to update 

corporate 

developments 

 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

The Group has applied the relevant GRI Standards to identify and prioritise sustainability topics 

to tailor its approach taken in relation to sustainability centres on the management of the ESG 

impacts of its business operations on its stakeholders. MeGroup’s strategy is to manage its 

most significant sustainability impacts, risks and opportunities while keeping in mind the aim 

of creating long-term value for all its stakeholders. 

 

 


MEGROUP LTD - SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

7 

 

The Group had identified the material ESG factors using the GRI Standards for Sustainability 

reporting and through internal sessions with internal stakeholders to understand their 

concerns and emerging priorities. Each material issue was discussed in detail, taking into 

account both the internal and external perspectives in relation to our sustainable development 

performance. Such discussions would allow us to constantly evolve and provides us with the 

opportunity to collaborate with these different stakeholders in order to resolve or facilitate the 

resolution of any problem efficiently. We will, from time to time, be updating our materiality 

analysis to ensure that the material issues stay relevant.  

 

The Group undertook the following steps to arrive at the list of material factors for reporting: 

 

 

 

 

 




MEGROUP LTD - SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

8 

 

Following the findings of the internal materiality analysis, the most relevant concerns for the 

Group that were identified are:  

(1) 

Corporate Governance 

(2) 

Data Privacy 

(3) 

Economic Performance 

(4) 

Occupational Health and Safety 

(5) 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

(6) 

Environment 

 

Moving forward, the Group seeks to share more information on its performance and targets 

after the production capacity in our upstream manufacturing has been fully integrated and 

our downstream retail dealerships have been established. 

 

The Board has, after assessing ESG related business risks and opportunities and ESG related 

issues in the automotive sector, subsequently reviewed, determined and approved these 

material topics for reporting. The ESG related matters will be reassess annually or when the 

circumstances required. 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 

The Group recognises the importance of observing a high standard of corporate governance 

and transparency in ensuring the sustainability of our businesses and safeguarding our 

stakeholders’ interests and value for the long term. We are committed to complying with all 

industry requirements and legislation relating to trading, accounting, financial reporting, 

internal controls and auditing.  

 

We are committed to upholding best practices in corporate transparency and disclosures, and 

have in place a set of procedures and policies to ensure adherence to our risk management 

guidelines and compliance with applicable legislation. We are also committed to operating 

with utmost integrity and to the highest standard of ethical principles. We maintain a zero-

tolerance policy for any form of bribery, fraud or corruption in accordance with the Malaysian 

Anti-Corruption Commission (Amendment) Act 2018. If any of our employees are found to be 

non-compliant with anti-corruption and anti-bribery principles, they may face disciplinary 

action or termination. We regularly apprise our employees on the need to conduct business 

at the highest ethical standards and the need to exhibit honesty, integrity and respect in our 

dealings and interactions within and outside the Group. The Group had set a target of zero 

incident of regulatory non-compliance by all employees, officers and directors of the Group. 

 

Objectives 

FY2021 Goal 

Regulatory non-compliance by all employees, officers and directors 

 

Zero (0) Cases 

 

 


MEGROUP LTD - SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

9 

 

Our Board has established stringent standards for employees, officers and directors. In 

carrying out one of the principal functions of the Board, which is to oversee the formulation 

of and approve the Group's overall long-term strategic objectives and direction, the Board 

would consider issues of sustainability, review the management of the Group's business 

affairs, performance, resource allocation and also establish a framework to manage risks and 

prioritise shareholder's interests and the Group's assets. We continue to comply with the 

principles and guidelines set out in the Code of Corporate Governance 2019, where 

appropriate. We hereby confirm that there was no incident of regulatory non-compliance by 

the Group and no incident pertaining to whistle-blowing for this reporting period under review.  

 

DATA PRIVACY 

 

We are committed to complying with all applicable data privacy laws, (including the Personal 

Data Protection Act 2012 in Singapore, Personal Data Protection Act 2010 in Malaysia and all 

relevant legislation). We have various systems and procedures in place to protect information 

related to our employees and customers. Customers can trust that their personal data is being 

collected, handled, and protected in a responsible and secure manner.  

 

Moving forward, we will continue to stay vigilant and observe compliance with all applicable 

laws and regulations and target to maintain our record of nil incidents of non-compliance. 

 

Objectives 

FY2021 Goal 

Incidents of non-compliance with the applicable data privacy laws 

 

Zero (0) Cases 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

The Group's economic performance is crucial for shareholders and employees as it is 

considered a material issue at MeGroup and is one of the primary ways we create value for 

all stakeholders. Our business growth and economic performance would have a positive 

impact our employees and stakeholders as this would allow us to generate economic value 

and provide continued stable employment for our employees.  

 

On 30 January 2020, the World Health Organisation (“WHO”) declared the outbreak of Covid-

19 a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. The WHO had subsequently 

recognised the spread of Covid-19 as a pandemic on 11 March 2020. 

 

The outbreak of Covid-19 pandemic has adversely affected many businesses where the 

government of Malaysia had imposed the movement control order since 18 March 2020. The 

Group were also affected for not able to operate due to mandated business closure. However, 

the Group were granted the approval from the Ministry of International Trade and Industry to 

commence its operation during the conditional movement control order period where the 

dealership business had started on the 2 May 2020 and the manufacturing business had 


MEGROUP LTD - SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

10 

 

started on the 4 May 2020 with the compliance of the applicable standard operating 

procedures imposed. 

 

The Group’s earnings and operating cash flows are expected to be affected by the challenging 

operating environment due to the Covid-19 pandemic, the Group has prepared plans and  

strategies to minimise the impact should it be adversely affected particularly on capital and 

cash flows management, including cost-cutting measures and actively seeking to enhance its 

financing facilities. These are expected to equip the Group with sufficient cash flows and 

financial resources to meet its obligations as and when they fall due. 

 

As the Covid-19 pandemic continues to progress and evolve, it is extremely challenging to 

predict the full extent and duration of its impact on the Group’s businesses and the countries 

where the reporting entity operates. The Group had taken and will continue to take myriad 

actions to deal with the Covid-19 crisis. 

 

Nevertheless, the Group targets to achieve sustainable growth in the coming years through 

strengthening our two core business segments:  

a) 

upstream manufacturing, and  

b) 

downstream retail dealerships.  

 

while we continue to raise market awareness for our broad range of products under 

distinguished proprietary brand names, particularly in our downstream retail dealerships with 

a total of 9 dealerships under 6 brand names i.e. Ford, Honda, Hyundai, Mazda, Mitsubishi 

and Peugeot. 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

 

As a responsible employer, the Group aims to address and prevent the variety of health and 

safety risks that employees are exposed to, wherever possible. Health and safety hazards can 

arise over the use of unsafe equipment, machinery, processes and practises. They can also 

arise with the use of dangerous substances such as chemical. Therefore, we are continuously 

working towards the minimisation of the risk of accidents, injuries and illnesses to our 

employees, contractors and place health and safety as top priority in our operations. 

 

 


MEGROUP LTD - SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

11 

 

MeGroup is committed to achieving Workplace Safety and Health (“WSH”) excellence 

through: 

✓ compliance with applicable WSH legislations and regulations as well as other requirements 

to which we subscribe; 

✓ consistently establishing and maintaining WSH management performance; 

✓ operating and maintaining our facilities to prevent and minimise risks to the health and 

safety of our employees and surrounding communities; and 

✓ ongoing communication of our WSH policy to all parties. 

 

The Group constantly monitors the working conditions of its employees to ensure that they 

comply with national standards issued by government agencies or associations such as 

Department of Occupational Safety and Health (“DOSH”). The Management is wholly 

committed to complying with the local occupational health and safety and all other relevant 

regulations. The Group implements a comprehensive safety management system to ensure 

the health, safety and welfare of all its employees and people in the community who may be 

affected by its operations. 

 

The Group prioritises process safety, especially in relation to the Group's upstream 

manufacturing, and is committed to maintaining a safe and healthy workforce. Management 

actively ensures that the Group's Standard Operating Procedures are complied with, including 

the provision of Personal Protection Equipment, as may be necessary, to its employees. Our 

Employee Health and Safety and Fire Safety Committees, which comprise staff from each 

relevant department of the Group and which are advised by the Group's registered safety 

officers, oversee the implementation of the WSH management plan, and reviews such WSH 

management plans on a monthly basis. 

 

For FY2021, the Group had set the following goals: 

 

Objectives 

FY2021 Goal 

Workplace Safety and Health Complaint 

 

Zero (0) Cases 

Industrial Accident 

 

Zero (0) Cases 

 

Due in part to the Group's prioritising safety and the health of our workers, the Group is 

pleased to report that it achieved its goal of zero cases of WSH complaints FY2020, and fully 

complied with WSH and environmental inspections conducted by the authorities. We also 

recorded no cases of work-related ill health. However, we have recorded one case of industrial 

accident in our Balakong Production Plant 1 at machine area caused an injury to one of our 

maintenance team member. Countermeasure of risk control is taken place to mitigate the risk 

of accident in machine area such as safely operating procedure and training daily briefing to 

all members of operation. 

 

 


MEGROUP LTD - SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

12 

 

In respect of workplace safety and insurances, certain of our employees fall under the ambit 

of the Social Security Organisation (“SOCSO”) of Malaysia. SOCSO oversees the 

administration, implementation and enforcement of the Employees' Social Security Act 1969 

and the Employees' Social Security (General) Regulations 1971 in Malaysia, and provides 

employees with security protection social insurance through various schemes, including the 

Employment Injury Scheme and the Invalidity Scheme. The Employment Injury Scheme 

provides coverage to employees who are victims of industrial accidents, commuting accidents, 

accidents during emergency and occupational diseases. The Invalidity Scheme provides 24-

hour protection to employees against invalidity or death which is caused outside working 

hours, even if the cause is not related to their employment. Both of these schemes provide 

cash benefits to employees and their dependants in the event of unforeseen incidents.  

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

 

Employee information of the Group as at 31 March 2020: 

 

 

 

 

 









42%

36%

15%

7%

Age Group

Below 30 yrs old

30 - 39 yrs old

40 - 49 yrs old

50 yrs oold and above

33%

67%

Gender

Female

Male


MEGROUP LTD - SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

13 

 

At MeGroup, we believe in upholding the principles of equality and non-discrimination, and 

endeavour to employ based on merit as we understand that the success of our Group turns 

upon the quality and dedication of our employees. We do not discriminate our employees or 

potential recruits according to their race, age, gender, religion, ethnicity, facial attractiveness, 

physical impairments, sexual preference, political viewpoints or nationality. We strive to 

provide a fair, performance-based working environment that is diverse, inclusive and 

collegiate. 

 

Employees with questions or concerns about discrimination in the workplace are encourage 

to bring these issues to the attention to their supervisor and are able to raise such concerns 

without any fear of reprisal.  

 

As of 31 March 2020, we have about 80 employees in our upstream manufacturing operations 

and corporate office. In the assessment of our people's performance, we practise meritocracy 

and believe in providing due recognition for their excellence. We also implement remuneration 

packages that are competitive within the market and are internally fair in order to attract 

external talents.  

 

We also provide learning and development resources so as to make available ample 

opportunities for our people to better themselves through internal courses or on-the-job 

training in the areas of technical and functional competencies. We target to increase the 

competence of our employees through the internal training programs such as leadership and 

personality training so that they are able to contribute effectively to the Group. 

 

ENVIRONMENT 

 

The minimisation of our environmental footprint impact is one of the key objectives of the 

Group in relation to the environment. By minimising our environmental footprint, this would 

achieve a twofold benefit where we would be conducting our business in a socially responsible 

manner and benefit from reducing operational costs for example, through the reduction in the 

use of electricity by utilising more energy efficient appliances. Moving forward, we target to 

introduce more energy saving measures including the use of solar energy throughout our 

operations of the Group, while still maintaining the other conservation initiatives which we 

have already put in place. We have set the objective and goal to be achieved in FY2021 as 

follows: 

 

Objectives 

FY2021 Goal 

Reduction in electricity consumption 

 

10% 

 

There were no incidents of non-compliance and penalties pertaining to environmental-related 

issues in this reporting period under review. The Board and Management continue to review 

and improve current environmental management system and practices and ensure that all our 


MEGROUP LTD - SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

14 

 

activities and operations comply with regulatory and customers’ requirements. Target is set 

for FY2021 as follow: 

 

Objectives 

FY2021 Goal 

Incident 

of 

non-compliance 

and 

penalties 

pertaining 

to 

environmental-related issues 

 

Zero (0) Case 

 

In addition to this, the Group is also looking into harnessing the power of solar energy to 

generate green electricity within the manufacturing plant to enable in reducing carbon print 

and become more environmentally friendly. 

