
EXPLORE, EMBRACE, EXPERIENCE

1





Memories Group Limited

Sustainability Report 2018




MEMORIES GROUP LIMITED  SUSTAINABLITY REPORT 2018

01 

Board Statement

02 

About Us

03 

Group Structure

05 

ESG Performance Scorecard

07 

Our Sustainability Journey

08 

Our Business

10 

Our Stakeholders

11 

Our Material Topics

14 

Our Customers 

16 

Respect For The Environment

21 

Governance

24 

Preserving Local Heritage And Culture

26 

Employability And Local Development

31 

Our Social Contributions

A B O U T  T H I S  R E P O RT

This report describes our sustainability performance for the 

period 1 April 2017 – 31 March 2018 (“FY2018”). It covers 

all of Memories Group Limited’s activities in Myanmar prior 

to the reverse takeover and includes acquisitions that were 

completed by 31 March 2018 unless otherwise stated, and has 

been prepared taking reference from the Sustainability Reporting 

Guide in Practice Note 7F of the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules 

of Catalist.

Memories Group’s Sustainability Report draws on the 

internationally recognised standard of reporting, the Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) GRI Standards, which represent 

the global best practice for reporting on a range of economic, 

environmental and social impacts. The report has been prepared 

in accordance with the GRI Standards - “Core” Option and the 

boundary for this report is based on our operations in Myanmar. 

Our annual Sustainability Report also provides us with a valuable 

opportunity to engage our stakeholders and respond to issues 

that matter most to them and to our business. It will continue 

to inform shareholders on our risk management, strategy 

development and stakeholder engagement activities as we work 

to further focus and prioritise our sustainability and corporate 

social responsibility initiatives.

Our Sustainability Report will be produced on a yearly basis and 

will be available online on our corporate website.  

We welcome comments and feedback on our sustainability report 

at sustainability@memoriesgroup.com.




EXPLORE, EMBRACE, EXPERIENCE

01

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) is pleased to present Memories Group Limited’s 

(“Memories Group” or the “Company, and collectively with its subsidiaries, the “Group”)

Sustainability Report for FY2018. This is Memories Group’s inaugural sustainability 

report and it has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) 

Standards – “Core” Option. Memories Group’s sustainability approach is aligned to that of 

our affiliated company, Yoma Strategic Holdings Ltd., (“Yoma Strategic”), and premised on 

the recognition that environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) aspects are increasingly 

important to our stakeholders.

The Board, together with the Management, is committed to managing relevant ESG risks and 

opportunities across our different assets, while contributing positively to the environment 

and society. Material ESG topics were identified from our first materiality assessment 

conducted in FY2018 and these are explained further in our report under the Five Focus 

Areas - Governance, Respect for the Environment, Employability and Local Development, 

Our Customers, and Preserving Local Heritage and Culture. These material issues would 

be reviewed regularly to ensure they are relevant and address our stakeholders’ concerns.

The Board has considered the Material ESG topics as part of its strategic formulation, 

determined the material ESG factors and overseen the management and monitoring of the 

material ESG factors identified.

The Group is committed to:

The Group's sustainability efforts are structured around the guiding principles of the United 

Nations Sustainable Development Goals ("UNSDGs"), and our targets are aligned with 

the Myanmar Sustainable Development Plan (2018-2030), enabling us to create long-term 

value for our stakeholders. We seek to create a positive social, economic and environmental 

benefit to the local communities and the wider societies which we operate in, and to 

contribute to the inclusive and sustainable development of Myanmar. 

Board Statement 

be a responsible employer and improving the living 

standards of the communities in which it operates

foster environmental stewardship in the communities in 

which it operates

build its businesses responsibly by harnessing the potential 

of a Shared Value Approach to generate economic value










MEMORIES GROUP LIMITED  SUSTAINABLITY REPORT 2018

Memories Group is a Myanmar focused tourism company in Myanmar that 

was listed on the Catalist board of the SGX-ST through a reverse takeover on 5 

January 2018. Memories Group operates an “Integrated Tourism Platform” which 

synergistically connects all its businesses to provide a seamless, one-of-a-kind 

experience aimed at creating lasting memories.

Memories Group’s strategy is to leverage on its first mover advantage and 

further establish its position as a leading tourism company in Myanmar in its 

three business segments – Experiences, Hotels, and Services.

Memories Group is affiliated with Yoma Strategic Holdings Ltd. (“Yoma 

Strategic”) and First Myanmar Investment Company Limited (“FMI”), two 

publicly listed conglomerates with a long track record in Myanmar. This 

affiliation allows Memories Group access to unique local opportunities and 

networks on top of its own growing presence with local customers. Yoma 

Strategic was listed on the Main Board of the SGX-ST in 2006, while FMI was 

the first company listed on the Yangon Stock Exchange (“YSX”) in 2016. 

About Us

02

ABOUT US

The collective vision of Yoma Strategic, FMI and Memories 

Group is to “Build A Better Myanmar For Its People”.


EXPLORE, EMBRACE, EXPERIENCE

03

Group Structure 

(as at 31 March 2018) 

Notes :- 

(a) Incorporated in Singapore

(b) Incorporated in Myanmar

(1) 1% interest is held by MM Myanmar Pte. Ltd.                                 

(2) MM (HAL)Pte. Ltd. holds economic interest in respect of 100% interest in Traditional Lodge Hotel Company Limited              

(3) 0.1% interest is held by MM Myanmar Pte. Ltd.                                 

(4) MM (BOB) Pte. Ltd. holds economic interest in respect of 60% interest in Shwe Lay Ta Gun Travels &amp; Tours Company Limited

(5) MM (BL) Pte. Ltd. holds economic interest in respect of 100% interest in Chindwin Investments Limited

(6) MM (DMC) Pte. Ltd. holds economic interest in respect of 40.1% interest in Asia Holidays Travels &amp; Tours Company Limited

(7) Burma Boating Pte. Ltd. Holds economic interest in respect of 100% interest in Burma Boating Company Limited

(8) 0.1% interest is held by MM Myanmar Pte. Ltd.



































MM (PHL) Pte. Ltd.(a)

MM (HAL) Pte. Ltd.(a)

Pun Hlaing Lodge Hotel 

Management Limited(b)

Hpa An Traditional 

Lodge Limited(b)

99%(1)

99.9%(3)

Traditional Lodge Hotel 

Company Limited(b)

Keinara Loikaw 

Company Limited(b)

99.9%(8)

100%(2)

MM (BOB) Pte. Ltd.(a)

Shwe Lay Ta Gun Travels &amp; 

Tours Company Limited(b)

Riverside Bagan Limited(b)

MM (BL) Pte. Ltd.(a)

Chindwin Investments 

Limited(b)

99.9%(3)

40%

60%(4)

100%(5)

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

Burma Boating 

Company Limited(b)

Burma Boating Pte. Ltd.(a)

100%(7)

MM (DMC) Pte. Ltd.(a)

Asia Holidays Travels &amp; 

Tours Company Limited(b)

59.9%(6)

GROUP STRUCTURE


MEMORIES GROUP LIMITED  SUSTAINABLITY REPORT 2018



Provide high standard 

quality travel, tourism, 

leisure and recreation 

experiences to 

customers, through 

constant environmental 

and socially sustainable 

practices.

Excellence, 

Expertise, 

Responsibility, 

Leadership

Become the leading 

travel tourism 

company in Myanmar,  

developing our 

economic assets in a 

sustainable way.

04


EXPLORE, EMBRACE, EXPERIENCE

05

ESG Performance Scorecard

GOVERNANCE

Material ESG Factors

FY2018

FY2019 Targets

Business Ethics

No reported cases of frauds, 

corruption and theft

To uphold and adhere to the Group’s zero 

tolerance approach to corruption, bribery and 

fraud.

Compliance

No significant fines or 

non-monetary sanctions

100% of follow-ups on all reports on fraudulent 

behaviour

Child labor, human rights

No cases reported

Advocate and raise awareness in our supply 

chain against use of child labor

ENVIRONMENTAL

CO2e emissions (t)

258.5

Collect baseline environmental data before 

setting targets in FY2020 

Carbon emission intensity per room per year 

(tCO2e room / year)

5.8

Scope 1 Emissions (tCO2e)

154.0

Scope 2 Emissions (tCO2e)

104.5

Water consumption (m3)

2,532.0

Non-hazardous waste (t)

3.5

Reduce the use of plastics

Waste recycled (t)

1.75



ESG PERFORMANCE SCORECARD


06

MEMORIES GROUP LIMITED  SUSTAINABLITY REPORT 2018

SOCIAL

Material ESG Factors

FY2018

FY2019 Targets

Diversity &amp; Equal Opportunity

Workforce Number

362

Diversity: anti-harassment training

50% of managers to be trained

Female employee

23%

Male employee

77%

New Hires

59

Nationalities

9

Employee Turnover Rate

9.6%

Training, Development &amp; Talent Retention

Average training hours (females) / year*

49

50% increase from FY2018

Average training hours (males) / year*

39

Local Communities

Supporting local communities

Provided in-kind donations to 

build 3 schools in Nyaung-U 

and donated 22 million MMK 

to build an entire school in 

Ywar Pale Village.

Data for volunteer hours was 

not available.

2 hours of volunteer hours /  employee / year

FINANCIAL

Direct Economic Value Generated

Direct Value Generated; that include revenue 

and other income – net (USD$ Million)

@

8.8

Refer to Memories Group Financial Report, 

Pages 53 to 56 in Memories Group Annual 

Report 2018

Economic Value Distributed

Material and Services Cost (US$ Million)

0.240

Refer to Memories Group Financial Report, 

Pages 53 to 56 in Memories Group Annual 

Report 2018

Employees; include wages, salaries and 

benefits (US$ Million)

4.147

Government; include taxes paid  (US$ Million)

0.205

Capital Providers; include dividends and 

interest expenses on borrowings and other 

finance cost (US$ Million)

0#

Community; include voluntary donations and 

investment of funds in the broader community 

(USS$ Million)

0.013

Economic Value Retained (US$ Million)^

4.195

@

* 

The training hours is an average across all our business units.

# 

Memories Group, a spin-off of Yoma Strategic Holdings, completed a reverse takeover of SHC Capital Asia in December 2017. No dividend or interest expense was 

paid following the completion of the reverse takeover in December 2017 and in FY2018.

^ 

Economic Value Retained: ‘Direct Economic Value Generated’ less  ‘Economic Value Distributed’.

@ 

This value does not take into account acquisition cost arising from the reverse aquisition. Details of this can be found in the Memories Group Annual Report 2018, Pg. 53 to 56.

ESG Performance Scorecard

ESG PERFORMANCE SCORECARD


EXPLORE, EMBRACE, EXPERIENCE

07

Our Sustainability Journey 

Note 1: Sustainable Tourism for Development Guidebook (2013), World Tourism Organization 

https://www.e-unwto.org/doi/pdf/10.18111/9789284415496

In building up our brand portfolio and identifying new locations and attractions in our 

business segments, Memories Group considers the environmental, socio-cultural and 

economic impacts of our activities so as to generate long-term sustainable returns. 

As this is our inaugural Sustainability Report, we would like to explain our business before 

looking at who our stakeholders are, how we engage with them, what our material topics are 

and what we have done. Doing so provides context for our approach to sustainability and 

the initiatives that underpin our efforts to be a truly sustainable business. 

To provide high-quality travel, tourism, leisure and recreation experiences to customers, 

through environmentally sustainable practices, we need to maintain a high level of traveller 

satisfaction and ensure a meaningful experience to the travellers, while preserving the local 

resources and features. It is important for us to also promote Myanmar as a sustainable 

destination and raise travellers’ awareness of sustainability issues while promoting 

sustainable tourism practices.

The World Tourism Organisation (“UNWTO”)1 has defined sustainable tourism as “tourism 

that takes full account of its current and future economic, social and environmental impacts, 

addressing the needs of visitors, the industry, the environment and host communities”. 

To do this, it focuses on three key objectives:

Make optimal use of 

environmental resources  

that constitute a key element 

in tourism development, 

maintaining essential 

ecological processes and 

helping to conserve natural 

heritage and biodiversity.

Respect the socio-cultural 

authenticity of host 

communities, conserve their 

built and living cultural 

heritage and traditional 

values, and contribute to 

inter-cultural understanding 

and tolerance.

Ensure viable, long-term 

economic operations, 

providing socio-economic 

benefits to all stakeholders 

that are fairly distributed, 

including stable employment 

and income-earning 

opportunities and social 

services to host communities, 

and contributing to poverty 

alleviation.

OUR SUSTANABILITY JOURNEY


08

MEMORIES GROUP LIMITED  SUSTAINABLITY REPORT 2018

Our Business

Memories Group operates an “Integrated Tourism Platform” which synergistically connects 

all our businesses in Myanmar to provide a seamless, one-of-a-kind experience aimed at 

creating lasting memories. Memories Group’s strategy is to leverage on our first-mover 

advantage and further establish our position as a leading tourism company in Myanmar.

The Group’s Integrated Tourism Platform comprises three business segments and as of 31 

March 2018, our operations for the three business segments include the following:

Hotels

Building a portfolio of hotels, resorts and lodges throughout the country’s major tourist 

and business destinations, as well developing new, high potential tourism destinations 

in Myanmar under its own suite of brands.

• Keinnara Hpa-An











Experiences

Businesses providing experiences such as hot-air ballooning, trekking, boating, diving 

and eco-tourism activities.

• Balloons Over Bagan

• Balloons Over Inle

• Balloon Safaris (Inle Lake and Pindaya) 

• Burma Boating

Services

Travel and destination management services, creating new opportunities to explore 

regions previously unknown to international travellers.

• Asia Holidays Travels &amp; Tours Co. Ltd (“AHTT”) aka Memories Travel



OUR BUSINESS


EXPLORE, EMBRACE, EXPERIENCE

09

For Memories Group, being sustainable means doing business 

while contributing to the economic and social progress of the 

communities where the company has a presence, taking into account 

its environmental impact and fostering stable relationships with its 

main stakeholders. This commitment to sustainability involves 

ensuring that strong ethical, social and environmental criteria are 

integrated with the Company’s strategy and business model and 

with its internal policies and processes. 



Memories Group has a defined sustainability governance 

structure, both at the corporate and local level. 

The Board approves the Group’s general policies and 

strategies, including those relating to sustainability. It also 

approves the sustainability report. 

The Sustainability Committee oversees the sustainability 

initiatives and directions of the Company, making sure 

they are followed and are aimed at creating value for the 

Company and its stakeholders.

The Sustainability Committee comprises the Chief Executive 

Officer (CEO), and the Heads of the various business units 

in Memories Group. The CEO sits on the Board of Directors 

and is responsible for guiding the Group to work towards 

achieving common goals and targets set at the parent 

company level. 

The Sustainability Committee meets at least once a year to 

review the sustainability performance of the business units.

Note 2: 

Prior to the reverse takeover in January 2018, the bulk of the tourism businesses was undertaken by Yoma Strategic and Yoma Strategic Holdings had subscribed to such initiatives. 

Hence, these initiatives and principles are reported as part of Memories Group for the purpose of this report. Memories Group will also be subscribing to some of the applicable 

initiatives, in particular, the UNGC, during the financial year ending 31 March 2019

External Initiatives of Memories Group2

• Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 

Development ("OECD") Guidelines for the Protection 

of Human Rights and Social Development

• Universal Declaration of Human Rights ("UDHR")

• International Labor Organization's ("ILO") Core 

Conventions

• International Finance Corporation's ("IFC") 

Performance Standards

• Asian Development Bank's ("ADB") Safeguard 

Policy Statement

• Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact 

(“UNGC”)

• Myanmar Business Coalition on Aid ("MBCA")

Membership of Associations

• Myanmar Hotelier Association (“MHA”)

• Union of Myanmar Travel Association (“UMTA”)

• Myanmar Tourism Marketing (“MTM”)

Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact 

in the areas of Human Rights, Labour, Environment 

and Anti-Corruption2:

Human Rights Principles

Principle 1:  Businesses should support and respect the protection 

of internationally proclaimed human rights

Principle 2: Make sure that they are not complicit in human rights 

abuses

Labour Principles

Principle 3: Businesses should uphold the freedom of 

association and the effective recognition of the right 

to collective bargaining

Principle 4: Elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory 

labour

Principle 5: Effective abolition of child labour

Principle 6: Elimination of discrimination in respect of 

employment and occupation

Environmental Principles

Principle 7: Businesses should support a precautionary approach 

to environmental challenges 

Principle 8: Undertake initiatives to promote greater 

environmental responsibility

Principle 9: Encourage the development and diffusion of 

environmentally friendly technologies

Anti-Corruption Principles

Principle 10: Businesses should work against corruption in all its 

forms, including extortion and bribery

OUR BUSINESS


10

MEMORIES GROUP LIMITED  SUSTAINABLITY REPORT 2018

Memories Group uses a broad range of communication channels. Customised 

messages are created and the most effective channel selected to reach out to each 

stakeholder group. Stakeholder requirements and feedback collected through 

these channels are addressed in a timely manner through a collaboration with 

related business unit heads. 

The involvement of our stakeholders is a key plank for us in 

identifying trends and risks and helps us in the development 

of our sustainability strategy.

Our stakeholders identified include customers, suppliers, employees, investors, 

and the local community. These stakeholder groups are defined by the various 

businesses we engage in, and the people that we interact with and are accountable 

to. Across our Group, the engagement with various stakeholders is summarised 

below. For the next fiscal year, we plan to also engage our various stakeholders in 

sustainability related topics, and the results of these discussions will be included 

in our subsequent sustainability report.

Our Stakeholders

Stakeholder Group 

Frequency of Engagement

Mode of Engagement

Customers

Continuous 

• Face-to-face feedback

• Emails 

• Online platforms such as tripadvisor.com 

Suppliers

Continuous

• Emails, Phone calls, Messaging Apps  

(Viber, Whatsapp, etc.)

Employees

• Continuous

• Monthly

• Face-to-face feedback with supervisors

• Group meetings with General Manager

Investors

Continuous

• Quarterly announcements on stock exchange

• Emails

• Face-to-Face discussions

Local Community

Monthly

• Face-to-Face discussion with local village heads 

and local government bodies

 

OUR STAKEHOLDERS








EXPLORE, EMBRACE, EXPERIENCE

11

• Education and wellness 

programs for employees

• Catering for food allergies 

and dietary requirements

• Sustainable purchasing

• Sustainability education for 

guests

• Engaging local community 

and supporting local 

community projects

• Collaborations with  

local community

• Habitat protection / 

restoration

• Gender pay,  

anti-discrimination

• Water scarcity

• Greenhouse gas emissions 

reduction

• Business ethics

• Food wastage

• Diversity of workforce and 

inclusivity

• Child labour, human rights 

• Customer satisfaction

• Safety and crisis 

management

• Improving HR and 

social policies within  

the group 

• Employee skills training 

and development 

• Experiential and authentic 

travel for our customers

• Introducing and increasing 

recycling efforts 

Our Material  

Topics 

The criteria for Memories Group’s 

material analysis were explored and 

selected based on industry international 

standards, peer benchmarking based 

on companies with similar operations, 

media analysis, internal responses and 

management awareness. 

Memories Group also considered the 17 United 

Nations 

Sustainable 

Development 

Goals 

(“SDGs”), major indices from external rating 

agencies, and both international and Myanmar 

focused environmental assessment and policy 

reports.

An internal materiality workshop was conducted 

in May 2018 with all the business unit heads, 

general managers and CEO of Memories 

Group. The  material issues identified are listed 

in the table below and their level of importance 

was determined based on their influence on 

stakeholders and level of impact on its business 

risks and opportunities.

As Memories Group plans to engage its 

external stakeholders in the coming months, 

the Company’s prioritisation of the identified 

material issues may also change, depending on 

stakeholders’ opinions.

• Reducing impact of 

operations on environment 

and reducing use of plastics

• Choice of responsible 

suppliers

• Employee engagement

• Compliance with laws  

and legislations

OUR MATERIAL TOPICS


12

MEMORIES GROUP LIMITED  SUSTAINABLITY REPORT 2018

We have identified the following five Sustainability Focus Areas for Memories Group, and have prioritised the material topics 

to be reported under the various Focus Areas.

Our Customers

Respect for the 

Environment

Governance

Preserving Local 

Heritage and Culture

Employability &amp; 

Local Development

Customer 

Satisfaction

Reduce impact 

of operations on 

environment, reduce 

use of plastics / 

Introducing and 

increasing recycling 

efforts

GRI 306-2

Compliance 

with laws and 

legislations

GRI 419-1

Identifying  

“No-Go” activities 

or sensitive areas 

which are not 

suitable for tourism 

Employee skills 

training and 

development

GRI 404-1

GRI 404-2

Experiential and 

authentic travel 

for our customers

Water scarcity

GRI 306-1

Responsible 

suppliers

Employee 

Engagement

Safety and crisis 

management

Food wastage

Business ethics

Gender pay, anti-

discrimination

GRI 405-2

Greenhouse gas 

emissions reduction

GRI 305-1

GRI 305-2

Child labour,  

human rights

Diversity of 

workforce and 

inclusivity 

GRI 401-1

Engaging local 

community and 

supporting local 

community projects

Memories Group contributes directly to achieving 

the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals 

through its business activities and its community 

investment programmes. The Company places great 

importance on promoting and understanding these goals 

both at an internal level, and externally through all its 

stakeholders. We have just embarked on measuring 

the achievements and impacts of our sustainability 

initiatives and will be reporting more on these in the 

coming years, as well as identifying and measuring our 

company’s contribution to these goals. In demonstrating 

our commitment to the SDGs, we have indicated in 

each of the focus areas, how our initiatives or actions 

are addressing the various SDGs.

In August 2018, the Myanmar Sustainable Development 

Plan (“MSDP”) was also released by the Ministry 

of Planning and Finance of the Government of the 

Republic of the Union of Myanmar. The MSDP is the 

expression of Myanmar’s national development vision 

and provides an overall framework for coordination and 

cooperation across all ministries, States and Regions, 

with the aim of forging a common path towards the 

emergence of a prosperous, peaceful and democratic 

Myanmar.

In our Sustainability Report, we have identified topics 

where there is a correlation between our initiatives and 

the MSDP.



OUR MATERIAL TOPICS


EXPLORE, EMBRACE, EXPERIENCE

13

Peace, National 

Reconciliation 

Security &amp; Good 

Governance

Pillar 1:

Peace &amp; Stability

Pillar 3:

People &amp; Planet

Pillar 2:

Prosperity &amp; 

Partnership

Natural Resources &amp; 

Environment  

for Posterity of  

the Nation

Job Creation  

&amp; Private Sector  

Led Growth

Human Resources &amp; 

Social Development 

for 21st Century 

Society

Economic  

Stability &amp; 

Strengthened 

Macroeconomic 

Management

Source: https://www.un.org/sustainabledevelopment/

Source: Myanmar Sustainable Development Plan (2018 – 2030), Ministry of Planning and Finance





































OUR MATERIAL TOPICS


14

MEMORIES GROUP LIMITED  SUSTAINABLITY REPORT 2018

Today’s travellers are more globetrotting than before, and more are now 

setting out to new destinations in hopes of experiencing the people, 

the culture and the sights of a new place, rather than just stopping by 

an attraction for a quick photo. With that in mind, Memories Group 

has an integrated tourism platform where we can offer our customers 

accommodation, experiences and services through a single platform. 

In order to create personalised, authentic and experience driven 

travel, we want to offer experiences that are unique – interweaving 

the natural, historical and cultural elements of the country together so 

as to create treasured memories for our travellers.

Our hotels and experiences are designed to reflect the unique locations 

we operate in and we strive to embrace the local culture, style and 

history. It is important that we embed our operations deeper into the 

life of the community we serve. We have also introduced nature-

inspired programmes in some of our hotels to raise awareness amongst 

our guests and showcase the ecological heritage and biodiversity of 

these locations.

Our Customers

To cater for the increasing number of travellers who go in 

search of “off the beaten path” destinations, our Keinnara 

rustic resorts offer vacation stay out of major cities, such 

as in Hpa-An, which is located in the mountain range of 

Mount Zwekabin, in the state of Karen. Built as a cluster 

of 19 wooden cottages and a sky dome, the location of this 

boutique property allows travellers to explore the Karen 

and neighbouring Mon state, which are home to numerous 

limestone caves, the Famous Than Lwin River and also the 

local hand weaving workshop.

In planning for experiential holidays, AHTT / Memories 

Travel provides for those seeking adventure and immersion, 

ecotourism, luxurious cruises, wellness journeys, family 

holidays and honeymoons. Excursions are chosen with care, 

and before offering them to tourists they are evaluated on 

whether they are sustainable and comply with the Standards 

set by AHTT / Memories Travel. No harm is done to the 

environment, heritage, animals or social aspects of the 

communities that we operate in. 

We serve our customers by 

being their trusted partner 

and by delivering the best 

products and services that 

cater to their needs.

Our Vision: 

Customer Satisfaction 

Experiential and authentic travel  

for our customers





OUR CUSTOMERS


EXPLORE, EMBRACE, EXPERIENCE

15

Safety and crisis management

AHTT / Memories Travel provides professional services with local knowledge, 

expertise and resources, working in the design and implementation of events, 

activities, tours, transportation and logistics. Established in Myanmar since 1998, 

AHTT, and more recently, Memories Travel, has been creating unique, innovative 

and original tours and trips across the country. AHTT / Memories Travel is in the 

process of being accredited as a Travelife Partner, which requires compliance to 

sustainability criteria in its general operations, office and retail operations, supply 

chain management as well as with our customers.

Health and safety policies are important for both our customers and 

our staff. Where required, we provide safety briefings to our customers 

before the start of an activity. Such examples include our Burma Boating 

customers before each cruise trip, our Balloons Over Bagan and Ballons 

over Inle customers before each hot-air ballon ride, and other customers 

who join our experiential trips through AHTT / Memories Travel. More 

than half of our staff from our balloons businesses are trained in basic 

first aid. Emergency drills are also carried out once every season for 

each location in Bagan and Inle, and a safety management system is in 

place with a crisis management plan and safe work procedures.

Monitoring the satisfaction of our customers is an important issue for our Destination 

Management Company in order to continuously provide strategies which meet our 

travellers’ needs and preferences. An area for improvement highlighted by our customers 

was the English competency of our members of staff. This has been integrated as a part of 

our on-going training and development program. 







Customer satisfaction

Our frontline staff, managers of the hotels, guides from our experiential 

travel services and crew on the yachts and hot-air balloons all strive to 

get to know our customers personally – their likes and dislikes, their 

suggestions and concerns. This helps in resolving issues quickly for our 

customers and builds our ongoing relationship with them. We also take 

note of customer feedback on various online platforms and through our 

customer surveys, to identify areas where we have done well, or where 

we could improve.

OUR CUSTOMERS

Targets for FY2019

Improve customer satisfaction and loyalty 

Improve consistency in service delivery

Targets for FY2019


16

MEMORIES GROUP LIMITED  SUSTAINABLITY REPORT 2018

A country’s tourism sector and its natural and cultural assets are inextricably linked. 

Fine landscapes, rich biodiversity, unique heritage sites and vibrant indigenous 

cultures are some of the many reasons why tourists visit Myanmar. The conservation 

of these assets is of paramount importance for tourism in Myanmar. Memories 

Group is committed to making sure that our activities do not damage these assets 

but rather sustain them.

The depletion of renewable and non-renewable resources, such as fresh water and 

energy, and the generation of waste and pollution are major problems affecting both 

global and local environments as well as the human well-being. The manner and 

rates at which these resources are used, and its associated pollution, will affect the 

sustainability and competitiveness of Myanmar as a tourist destination in the long run.

In Myanmar, solid waste is typically dumped into landfills and there is currently 

only one waste-to-energy plant located in Shwepyithar Township in the northern 

part of Yangon. This waste to energy plant is able to handle 60 tons of waste per day, 

which is only about 2% of the estimated total waste of 2,500 tons generated every 

day in Yangon3.

Memories Group is conscious of our own levels of resource consumption and 

waste generated, and has put in place various policies to minimise consumption 

and manage waste effectively. We have implemented a policy on “Environment, 

Health and Safety” (“EH&amp;S”) in support of a Group wide Corporate Governance 

framework, to:

Respect For The Environment 

Foster greater awareness of sustainable 

approaches across the Group;

Enhance our capabilities to identify and manage 

adverse impacts from all business activities; and

Instil a culture of “no harm, less pollution and 

wider conservation approaches to protect the 

environment” in all business operations.

Note 3:  

http://www.jfe-eng.co.jp/en/news/2017/20170410.html 

MSDP Goal 5:

Natural 

Resources &amp; the 

Environment for 

the Posterity of 

the Nation

RESPECT FOR THE ENVIRONMENT




EXPLORE, EMBRACE, EXPERIENCE

17

We are committed to managing our waste properly, implementing the concept of 

a circular economy – reducing, reusing, recycling and replacing throughout our 

operations. 

As this is the first year which we are tracking our environmental performance, we 

are still establishing our baseline performance for the material issues and expect to 

set measurable and realistic targets from our third sustainability report onwards.

Since January 2018, Memories Group has been gradually removing the use of plastics 

from its head office in Yangon and this is currently being implemented across all our 

hotel operations, boating business and hot-air balloon operations. An initiative currently 

underway is to also use stainless steel bottles at our resorts to replace plastic bottles. Each 

guest that stays in our hotel or resort will be provided with an aluminium bottle that can be 

refilled with water free of charge at more than 100 designated water refilling stations around 

Myanmar. This is part of the Refill Not Landfill Southeast Asia program which encourages 

people to use reusable bottles instead of plastic bottles for drinking water. This is estimated 

to reduce up to approximately 555kg4 of plastic waste generated from guests staying in our 

19-room Keinnara Hpa-An as well as during their visit in Myanmar. 

The Group recycled approximately 1.75 tonnes of glass bottles, with approximately another 

1.75 tonnes of general waste that went to the landfill. More than 90% of the recycled waste 

and general waste was from our hot-air balloon businesses. There was no hazardous waste 

generated from our business operations.

 GRI 306-2

Non-Hazardous Waste Type

Disposal Method

Volume Generated

Glass

Recycled

1.75 tonnes

General Waste

Landfill

1.75 tonnes

Note 4:

This is based on the assumption that each of the 19 rooms at Keinnara Hpa-An will have 2 guests, each guest may consume 

up to 4 bottles of 500ml bottled water per day. Based on the assumption that each plastic bottle is 10g, the total weight of 

the bottles used per day is 19 x 2 x 4 x 0.01kg = 1.52kg. In one year, this would equate to 1.52kg x 365 = 554.8kg of plastic 

waste generated.

Reduce impact of operations on environment, reduce use of 

plastics / Introducing and increasing recycling efforts

tonnes of waste 

recycled

1.75

RESPECT FOR THE ENVIRONMENT


18

MEMORIES GROUP LIMITED  SUSTAINABLITY REPORT 2018

Food waste is becoming increasingly important, not only because it is bad for 

the environment, but it is also negative from an economic point of view. We 

have just rolled out a smart tool – Winnow, to monitor the amount of food waste 

generated in our hotel operations, and will be reporting more on this material 

issue in our subsequent sustainability report.

Food wastage

Memories Group is part of the Refill Not Landfill campaign. This initiative aims to cut 

down millions of plastic water bottles discarded each year by offering an alternative: 

reusable aluminium bottles. These bottles can be refilled free of charge at our hotels, and 

resorts, yachts and premises operated by our associated and affiliated companies, such 

as The Campus, Convenience Prosperity Company Limited (“CPCL”) branches, Pun 

Hlaing Estate, Yoma Bank branches across Myanmar, as well as other partners of the 

Refill Not Landfill program. 

With over 200 sq km in size, Lampi is the largest island in the southern part of the 

Mergui Archipelago. It rises almost 500 meters above sea level and is home to more 

than a thousand species of animals, plants and marine life, many of which are rare and 

protected. The Lampi Island Marine National Park is in the centre of Burma Boating’s 

sailing area. Because of its important biodiversity, the national park was declared an 

ASEAN Heritage Park. Lampi Island is covered by tropical lowland wet evergreen forest 

in the interior, mangrove forest along rivers and fresh-water sources, and beach and dune 

forest along the coast. Other major habitat types are coral reefs, seagrass, freshwater 

streams and swamps. The main island of Lampi has two major perennial rivers and many 

small seasonal streams. Fresh-water resources are abundant. The variety of habitats 

supports a high diversity of both terrestrial and marine resources5. 

Burma Boating is a partner of the nature conservation society, Oikos, which is the major 

conservation organisation involved in protection of the Mergui Archipelago together 

with Myanmar’s Ministry of Environmental Conservation and Forestry.

Note 5: 

Lampi Marine National Park – Guidebook (2016)

http://www.lampipark.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/Lampi-MNP-Guide-Book-1.pdf 

Respect For The Environment 





RESPECT FOR THE ENVIRONMENT


EXPLORE, EMBRACE, EXPERIENCE

19

Water scarcity

Extreme weather conditions such as floods and droughts often affect Myanmar’s 

access to clean water.  Management of water resources is important to ensure that 

there is sustainable supply of water from ground water sources, or from the lakes 

and rivers. Memories Group wants to be recognised as a prudent and responsible 

user of water that does not adversely impact local water resources.

Our hot-air balloon business located in Bagan and Inle relies on well water which is 

used for cleaning the balloons and washing of linen. Last year, the amount of water 

used for the hot-air balloon operations was 420m3. The hotel operations of Keinnara 

Hpa-An also rely on groundwater and it is estimated6 that approximately 3112m3 of 

water was consumed in the last year. We reduce pollution by ensuring that untreated 

wastewater from our hotel operations is not released into the natural ecosystem. 

Where possible, water is recycled or reused for activities such as landscaping or for 

the flushing of toilets. As there will also be more resorts and hotels in our portfolio 

that will begin operations later this year, we plan to have more water consumption 

data in our next report. 

Our Scope 1 emissions are primarily from our hot-air balloons business, with a 

carbon footprint of 134.6 tonnes CO2e. Our hotel operations as of 31 March 2018 

only included Keinnara Hpa-An, with a total carbon footprint of 103.9 tonnes CO2e 

or an average carbon intensity of 5.5 tCO2e per room per year. 

GRI 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions

Business unit

Diesel  

(L)

Liquified Petroleum Gas 

(LPG) (L)

Petrol

(L)

*CO2 Emissions

(tCO2e)

Balloons Over Bagan &amp;

Balloons Over Inle

47,340

4,806

–

134.6 

Keinnara Hpa-An

4,925

–

2,711

19.4 

* Values are based on GHG Protocol Emissions Factors from Cross Sector Tools (2017) 

–  Stationary Combustion CO2 for Diesel = 2.68 kg CO2 per litre of diesel

–  Stationary Combustion CO2 for Liquified Petroleum Gas (LPG) = 1.61kg CO2 per litre of LPG

–  Transport Fuel Use CO2 for Gasoline/Petrol = 8.60kg CO2 per US Gallon (or 2.27kg CO2 per litre)

GRI 305-2 Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions

Business unit 

Electricity used  

(kWh)

*CO2 Emissions  

(tCO2e)

Keinnara Hpa-An

254,571 

84.5 tonnes CO2e

Balloons Over Bagan &amp; 

Balloons Over Inle

60,153 

20.0 tonnes CO2e

* Based on Asian Development Bank's 2017 Guidelines for Estimating Greenhouse Gas Emissions of 

Asian Development Bank Projects, using the Grid Emission Factor of 0.332 tCO2/MWh of electricity

Greenhouse gas emissions reduction

Note 6: 

This estimation is based on an assumption of 300L of water used per guest per night.

We reduce pollution 

by ensuring 

that untreated 

wastewater from our 

hotel operations is 

not released into the 

natural ecosystem.

RESPECT FOR THE ENVIRONMENT


20

MEMORIES GROUP LIMITED  SUSTAINABLITY REPORT 2018

Memories Group is in the process of rolling out monitoring programs which will aim to help 

us better understand our environmental footprint. We will also continue with our policy of 

no plastic bottles in our hotel rooms, boating operations, hot-air balloons operations and our 

offices. In doing so, we aim to create awareness for our guests and people we work with, on 

the negative environmental impacts of single use plastics, and at the same time, reduce the 

amount of plastic waste generated in our operations.

Targets for FY2019

Collect baseline environmental data  

(using 2018 &amp; 2019 data) before setting a numeric 

target (Numeric Target will be set in FY2020)

Reduce the use of plastics and minimise harm to 

the environment

Respect For The Environment 



RESPECT FOR THE ENVIRONMENT


EXPLORE, EMBRACE, EXPERIENCE

21

Creating and maintaining our culture of ethics and integrity starts with our 

employees and leaders, and extends to our business partners and suppliers. 

Memories Group adopts the corporate policies developed by Yoma Strategic, 

our associated company, which include business ethics related policies, code 

of conduct, conflict of interest policy, environment, health and safety policies 

as well as human rights policies. These policies will be publicly available from 

the Corporate Policies website of Memories Group.

In support of a Group wide Corporate Governance framework from Yoma 

Strategic, we have adopted and implemented the Human Rights Policy to:

Governance

foster greater awareness of human rights 

throughout the Group including (but not limited 

to) equal opportunity, anti-discrimination, right to 

life, liberty, and security of person;

enhance the Group’s capabilities to identify 

and manage adverse impacts from all business 

activities; and

instil a culture of “respecting individuals” right to  

freedom of thought, conscience, and religion 

including freedom of opinion and expression 

without interference’ in all business operations.

1

2

3

MSDP Goal 1:

Peace, National 

Reconciliation, 

Security &amp; Good 

Governance

GOVERNANCE










22

MEMORIES GROUP LIMITED  SUSTAINABLITY REPORT 2018

In line with applicable international and national practices, including the 

Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the International Labor Organization's 

(“ILO”) Declaration, International Finance Corporation's (“IFC”) Performance 

Standards two, five and seven, the Asian Development Bank's (“ADB”) Gender 

Development and Safeguard policy and the tenth principle of United Nations 

Global Compact (“UNGC”), we contribute to safeguarding human rights by: 

being involved in multilateral efforts to support human rights, 

as well as taking part in activities designed to promote human 

rights;

making specific references to this Human Rights Policy in the 

Group's standards, policies, procedures and ethical values;

treating all employees with respect and dignity, promoting 

diversity in the workplace consistent with the Group's policies 

and procedures, and adhering to all applicable national laws 

and core labor principles;

interacting with all employees in a manner that respects human 

rights and is consistent with the spirit and intent of the Group's 

Human Rights Policy;

reinforcing awareness of potential human rights issues;

monitoring, reporting and improving applicable procedures 

(where required) regularly; and

communicating this Human Rights Policy to all employees, 

contractors, suppliers and business partners.

The Human Rights Policy is disseminated to all employees, contractors, 

suppliers and business partners.

Memories Group has in place a whistle-blowing policy which encourages 

its employees, in confidence, to raise concerns about possible corporate 

improprieties in relation to matters of financial reporting and other 

matters. Our whistle-blowing policy assures employees who make 

reports in good faith of malpractice or impropriety in the workplace 

will not be dismissed, penalised or discriminated against. Details of the 

whistle-blowing policy can be found in our Annual Report 2018, Pg.43.

Our Commitment:

Business ethics

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

Governance

We create sustainable 

investment opportunities 

by leading with integrity 

and engaging in  

ethical and equitable 

business practices.

Our Vision: 

Investor Satisfaction 

GOVERNANCE


EXPLORE, EMBRACE, EXPERIENCE

23

We have also adopted a Code of  Conduct to regulate the standards of ethical conduct for 

our Directors, officers and employees. They are required to observe the Code of Conduct 

and also maintain high standards of integrity in compliance with the laws, regulations and 

our policies. Our ‘Conflict of Interest’ policy assures a high level of ethical conduct of 

persons employed by or involved in the governance of Memories Group, and to avoid public 

perceptions and financial consequences detrimental to the Group that could arise from the 

misuse, or perception of misuse, of an individual's position or influence. The Conflict of 

Interest policy is not designed to eliminate or exclude relationships and activities that might 

create a duality of interest, but rather to encourage transparency and careful deliberation in 

those cases where conflicts or perceived conflicts may arise.

Compliance with laws and legislation (GRI 419-1)

As of 31 March 2018, there were no significant fines or non-monetary 

sanctions for non-compliance with laws and/or regulations in the social 

and economic area in Memories Group. 

Child labour, human rights

Our Group has strict human rights policies and we have aligned 

our policies with no forced labour, child labour, slavery or human 

trafficking in our businesses. We ensure that there is a safe and secure 

working environment for all our workers. No cases of human right 

breaches, violations or complaints were identified or reported during 

this reporting period. 

In doing our business, we ensure that our policies promote sustainable 

tourism that creates jobs and promotes the local culture.

The bulk of the tourism businesses currently owned and operated by Memories Group was 

previously held under Yoma Strategic. Memories Group has adopted policies from Yoma 

Strategic since its listing in January 2018. In this coming financial year, we have been and 

will continue to review the policies to enhance those which are material to our operations 

and these would be reported in our next sustainability report. 

Targets for FY2019

Advocate and raise awareness in our supply chain 

against use of child labour 

100% of follow-ups on all reports on fraudulent 

behaviour.

GOVERNANCE


24

MEMORIES GROUP LIMITED  SUSTAINABLITY REPORT 2018

Culture and heritage tourism play a critical role in building the visitor economy and 

are strong influences on a traveller’s choice of holiday destination. Our traveller’s 

satisfaction will increasingly depend not only on their experiences and memories, 

but also on their positive impact on communities and tourism. Cultural and heritage 

enthusiasts tend to visit historic buildings and other historic sites; archaeological 

sites; state, local, or national parks; ethnic or ecological heritage sites; and other 

similar attractions. Many travellers consider these trips more memorable than 

conventional holidays as there are educational aspects to these trips. The pursuit of 

enrichment has been identified as a core global trend in travelling.

Memories Group believes that the preservation of local heritage and culture helps 

to encourage and nuture a sense of conversation amongst locals and visitors. 

By boosting awareness surrounding the tourist attraction, both local residents 

and tourists are reminded to be conscious about their impact on natural and  

built-up environments.

Preserving Local Heritage  

and Culture



PRESERVING LOCAL HERITAGE AND CULTURE

MSDP Goal 5:

Natural 

Resources &amp; the 

Environment for 

the Posterity of 

the Nation




EXPLORE, EMBRACE, EXPERIENCE

25

PRESERVING LOCAL HERITAGE AND CULTURE

At AHTT / Memories Travel, our excursions are chosen with care. 

Before offering them to tourists, they are evaluated on whether they 

are sustainable and if they comply with our internal standards. No 

harm is done to the environment, heritage, animals or social aspects 

of the destination we bring our tourists to. AHTT / Memories Travel is 

dedicated to Animal Welfare and assures that the company only works 

with suppliers who takes animal welfare seriously. Any signs of animal 

cruelty will lead to a termination of contract. Guides are also trained 

on proper animal welfare practices and our customers are informed on 

excursions to avoid and items not to purchase.

We actively educate our guests (and customers) from all the business 

units to open their minds to the local cultures and traditions as it would 

transform their experiences. Where required, our tour guides also 

remind them to be tolerant and respect diversity – observe social and 

cultural traditions and practices. All activities offered to customers 

are also conducted with respect for the artistic, archaeological and  

cultural heritage.

AHTT / Memories Travel is also a partner of Doh Eain, a Yangon based 

organisation which supports heritage restoration and the upgrading of 

urban spaces. Doh Eain provides value to the city and its historical and 

cultural identity, and can also improve people’s livelihoods, support 

neighbourhoods’ socio-economic growth, and contribute to social 

cohesion, health, wellbeing and sustainability.

Identifying “No-Go” activities or sensitive areas which are 

not suitable for tourism





We will continue to work closely with our tourists and also the local suppliers to ensure that 

the local heritage and culture of the places visited are not negatively impacted.

Suppliers providing excursions featuring animals 

to respect ABTA guidelines (Global Animal Welfare 

Guidance for Animals in Tourism)

Increase awareness of local artisan crafts and 

traditions (which helps to raise income for these 

artisan craftsmen in the community)

Increase number of local community-based tour 

operators

Targets for FY2019


26

MEMORIES GROUP LIMITED  SUSTAINABLITY REPORT 2018

For us to provide a high standard of quality travel, tourism, leisure and recreation 

experiences to our customers, we rely on the passion and skills of our collaborators. 

The quality of our people is essential to the success of the company. We work to 

maintain a productive and healthy organisation, employ and develop talented 

people, strengthen our leadership, and enhance employee performance through 

strong engagement.

Embedding the principles of diversity and inclusion in the way we do business 

gives us a better understanding of the needs of our employees, partners, suppliers 

and customers. A diverse workforce and an inclusive environment that respects 

and nurtures different people is a way to improve our business performance. Our 

diversity and inclusion approach focuses on hiring, developing and retaining the 

best. We provide equal opportunity in recruitment, career development, promotion, 

training and rewards for all employees. 

We also attend meetings in the communities in which we live and work to foster 

relationships with individuals and companies, to build connections, and to  

expand collaboration.

Employability And Local Development

We invest in our  

people to build careers  

around a shared 

culture of 

fairness, diversity, 

empowerment  

and recognition.

Our Vision: 

Employee Satisfaction 

With globalisation and demographic shifts, it is common to find 

employees of different ages, genders, physical abilities, religions, 

ethnicities, nationalities and other characteristics working alongside 

one another. Memories Group believes that by having employees 

from a range of backgrounds work together while respecting one 

another’s values, new concepts and ways of thinking are created 

which lead to greater value for the company. As of 31 March 2018, 

16.7% of our Board Members and 12.5% of our Management 

(including business functions) comprised females. 

Memories Group’s employees come from many different backgrounds 

and cultures. As of 31 March 2018, we had 362 employees from nine 

countries. To build a diverse team and induce a sense of belonging, 

non-locals employed by Memories Group in Myanmar are provided 

with a comprehensive induction program that includes familiarisation 

with the local culture and norms. This helps the individuals who are 

new to Myanmar to better understand, accept and be comfortable 

with their local colleagues and the local culture. 

Diversity of workforce and inclusivity  

(GRI 405-1)





MSDP Goal 3:

Job Creation 

&amp; Private Sector 

Led Growth

EMPLOYABILITY AND LOCAL DEVELOPMENT


EXPLORE, EMBRACE, EXPERIENCE

27

Total number of employees by employment contract (permanent and 

temporary), by region. 

Permanent Employees

Myanmar

Asia

Europe

Americas

Australia/NZ

Temporary Employees

Myanmar

Asia

Europe

Americas

Australia/NZ

  93%  –  Permanent Employees

  7%   –  Temporary Employees

  89%  –  Local Employees

  11%   –  Non-Local Employees

  77%  –  Male

  23%   –  Female

 Gender Diversity 

of Our Employees

  94%  –  Full Time Employees

  6%   –  Part Time Employees

 Employment  

Types

Total number of employees by employment contract (permanent and 

temporary), by gender

Permanent Employees

Temporary Employees

Male

Female

Total number of employees by employment type (full-time and part-time), 

by gender

Full Time

Part Time

Male

Female



EMPLOYABILITY AND LOCAL DEVELOPMENT


28

MEMORIES GROUP LIMITED  SUSTAINABLITY REPORT 2018

We provide all of our people with ongoing support and training; new 

staff benefit from a comprehensive induction programme. We encourage 

all our employees to set personal development goals as part of their 

yearly performance management plan, which is then tracked by their 

manager and Human Resources. Our frontline staff, in particular, those 

that interact with our customers, are provided with English language 

classes and customer service skills to facilitate communication with 

our customers, who speak predominantly English or other European 

languages. Training in Management Skills, Project Management, Basic 

Fire Fighting Skills and First Aid Skills are examples of the training 

provided to our employees. The training hours reported currently only 

covers our business units of Balloons over Bagan and Balloons Over 

Inle, and Keinnara Hpa-An.

Average training hours based on gender

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

New Employee Hires and Turnover (By Age Group)

 Age Group

No. of New Hires

Employee Turnover

Under 30 years old

30-50 years old

Over 50 years old

Employability And Local Development

New Employee Hires and Turnover (By Gender)

No. of New Hires

Employee Turnover

Male

Female

Turnover

9.6%

  47%  –  New hires under 30 years old

  44%   –  New hires between 30-50 years old

  9%   –  New hires over 50 years old

Male

39 hours

49 hours

Female

Employee skills training and development 

(GRI 404-1, GRI 404-2)

EMPLOYABILITY AND LOCAL DEVELOPMENT


EXPLORE, EMBRACE, EXPERIENCE

29

Average training hours based on age group

Average training hours based on employee category

Gender pay, anti-discrimination  

(GRI 405-2)

Employees’ salaries are reviewed annually using external benchmarking 

insight from Myanmar, the UK &amp; international businesses and internal 

cross organisational data. To avoid bias around gender, race or other 

characteristics, we challenge ourselves on equality, including comparing 

roles across the organisation that are considered of equal value. At the 

Memories Group level, the ratio of average remuneration for managerial 

and executive staff is almost equal, with the ratios of basic salary of 

women to men at 1 : 0.8 and 1 : 1 respectively. 

Increased recruitment of women into management and leadership roles 

and increased retention of senior female leaders are critical priorities for 

Memories Group. 

Employee Engagement

Our employees have continuous face-to-face feedback with their 

supervisors to help drive engagement. This is in addition to the monthly 

group meetings held with the General Manager for that business unit. 

There was no formal employee engagement survey done during the 

last financial year, but a Group level engagement survey is planned for 

the current financial year. A high level of engagement is increasingly 

important for attracting and retaining talented people and, ultimately, for 

the delivery of business results.

Over 50 years old

Under 30 years old

30-50 years old

104 hours

40 hours

0 hours

Senior Management

Managerial

Executive

Non-Executive

General

20.3 hours

69 hours

10.5 hours

36.4 hours

0 hours

EMPLOYABILITY AND LOCAL DEVELOPMENT


30

MEMORIES GROUP LIMITED  SUSTAINABLITY REPORT 2018

Memories Group has made diversity and inclusion part of its corporate strategy and is 

promoting them in all workplaces. One of our affiliated companies, FMI is the founding 

member of the Business Coalition for Gender Equality (“BCGS”), which pushes for 

women’s empowerment in the workplace. BCGE members commit to agreed gender 

equality goals and take action to achieve those goals. It is also planned for Memories Group 

to join as a member of the BCGS in FY2019. 

At Yoma Strategic, a Diversity Council comprising representatives from different business 

units and represented by the various nationalities of staff across the Group has been 

established. Representatives from Memories Group will also be part of the Diversity 

Council in FY2019.

A Leadership Program is currently being established by Yoma Strategic and this would also 

include Memories Group employees. Through mentorship with senior management, and 

working on assigned case studies over a six-month period, this Leadership Program has the 

key objective of building future key business leaders and EXCO members. 

Targets For FY2019

Employability And Local Development

50% of training hours increase from FY2018

Number of managers to undergo training on  

anti-harassment or how to deal with harassments

50% of managers to be trained in FY2019



EMPLOYABILITY AND LOCAL DEVELOPMENT


EXPLORE, EMBRACE, EXPERIENCE

31

The success of our business is inextricably linked to the success and sustainability 

of the cities and communities where we operate. These communities provide the 

resources, infrastructure and markets that our businesses rely on. It is essential that 

these communities benefit from having us there. We believe we have a responsibility 

to deliver positive, lasting impacts that contribute shared and sustained value for all 

our stakeholders. It is our aim to support the development of our communities by 

leveraging the strengths in our operations. We hope that through our community 

partnerships, we can address pressing social needs and reinforce our commitment to 

enduring positive impact.

Our Social Contributions

Bagan

Balloons Over Bagan plays an important role in contributing to 

community projects throughout Bagan  and to other causes in more 

remote areas of the country. Nyaung-U is about 4km away from old 

Bagan, where the Balloons Over Bagan business provides hot-air 

balloon flights for visitors wanting to have a panoramic view of the 

thousands of ancient temples of Bagan. Its community projects focus on 

three main areas: Education, Health and Conservation. 

During the low tourist season from April to September, our staff from 

Balloons Over Bagan and Balloons Over Inle participate in joint 

programs with other residents in the area and with the local government 

departments to clean up plastic waste in the Bagan and Inle regions.  

Supporting local community projects 

From 2014 to 2016, the business donated approximately 63 million 

MMK for community related projects to build schools, provide 

electricity for villages, building drinking wells and ground water 

tanks. Balloons Over Bagan’s in-kind donations have been used to 

build three schools in Nyaung-U since 2017, all of which are equipped 

with electricity and clean water, and cater for hundreds of students 

from the ages of around 6 to 12. In FY2018, 22 million MMK had 

been donated towards building a school in Ywar Pale Village.



MSDP Goal 3:

Job Creation 

&amp; Private Sector 

Led Growth









OUR SOCIAL CONTRIBUTIONS


32

MEMORIES GROUP LIMITED  SUSTAINABLITY REPORT 2018

Hpa-An

Hpa-An is a picturesque town and is the capital of Kayin State in Myanmar. It 

is surrounded by caves and mountains, and draws many visitors because of its 

dramatic karst mountain scenery. Memories Group owns and operates a resort 

– Keinnara Hpa-An, located at the foot of Mount Zwekabin, which draws 

hundreds of visitors a day who trek up the mountains for the rewarding view 

from the summit. Along with the influx of tourists and locals, a considerable 

amount of plastic waste has been left behind by visitors on the mountains.

Our Social Contributions







Keinnara Hpa-An is working closely with tourists visting the lodge and 

the local community in reducing the use of plastics through the Refill 

Not Landfill program as well as through mass clean up initiatives to 

remove plastic waste left on the mountains.

OUR SOCIAL CONTRIBUTIONS


EXPLORE, EMBRACE, EXPERIENCE

33



Mergui Archipelago

The Mergui Archipelago opened to foreigners in the late 1990s. With only a few of the 

800 islands7 sparsely populated and a couple of dozen visitors to the entire area each 

month, the Mergui Archipelago remains one of the planet’s most unspoilt regions. The 

indigenous inhabitants of the Mergui Archipelago are the Moken people who live off, and 

on the sea. Sometimes called “sea gypsies”, this ethnic minority group leads a traditional, 

semi-nomadic lifestyle, dominated by diving for sea cucumbers, fishing and bartering. Until 

today, however, medical infrastructure in the region remains very weak. The Sailing Clinic 

is a charity project launched by Memories Group’s newly acquired yacht charter company 

Burma Boating in 2015. The first sailing clinic started in April 2015 with an interdisciplinary 

team of volunteer doctors from Myanmar and overseas. It comprised a number of general 

practitioners, a gynaecologist, a paediatrician as well as an ophthalmologist, all having 

prior experiences with medical outreach programs.

In 2017, Project SEEN was launched with the aim of providing the local children in Moken 

Village Nyaung Wee with an opportunity to experience photography. It is hoped that through 

the creative activity of conveying thoughts via photography, the children will be able to 

share what they are feeling with their friends, family, and the people of the community 

and in turn demonstrate their strength. Burma Boating has sponsored the publication and 

printing of these photographs in a beautiful, hardback coffee table photobook containing 

over 70 photos taken by the local children. These coffee table photobooks will be on sale 

in late 2018 and the proceeds from the sale of these photobooks will go to Moken Village 

Nyaung Wee. Through this initiative, Burma Boating hopes to positively impact both the 

local economy and communities alike. By showcasing the natural beauty of the Moken life 

in the photobooks, we hope to increase visitor interest in the local culture and encourage 

more people to explore the Mergui Archipelago.

With only a few  

of the 800 islands7 

sparsely populated 

and a couple of 

dozen visitors to  

the entire area  

each month, the 

Mergui Archipelago 

remains one of the  

planet’s most 

unspoilt regions

The Sailing Clinic’s optometrist received over 120 patients8 and conducted professional eye 

checks and distributed free eyeglasses (ready readers, ready distant glasses and sunglasses) 

to those in need.

Note 7: https://edition.cnn.com/travel/article/mergui-archipelago-sailing/index.html

Note 8: Company’s internal data

OUR SOCIAL CONTRIBUTIONS


34

MEMORIES GROUP LIMITED  SUSTAINABLITY REPORT 2018

Yangon

AHTT / Memories Travel, our Destination Management Company, provides unforgettable 

travel experiences in Myanmar while ensuring a responsible and ethical approach to travel. 

AHTT / Memories Travel supports the following projects in Yangon:

• Doh Eain

– Support heritage restoration and the upgrading of urban spaces

• Women in Myanmar partner

– Contribute to economic and social empowerment of women in Myanmar

• Hla Day supporter in Yangon

– Hla Day provides a sustainable market place along with design and business training 

to support the livelihoods of Myanmar artisans, many of whom are struggling to 

overcome disability, exclusion and poverty.

• Chu Chu supporter in Yangon 

– Chu Chu is a workshop space located in Dala Township, on the southern bank of the 

Yangon River, across from downtown Yangon. Six families work there together and sell 

their crafts to locals and tourists visiting from Yangon. They work with recycled plastics 

to create new fabric, which they use to make purses, bags, and household goods.

• Donations to monasteries

Our Social Contributions

We will continue to work closely with the communities that we operate in, and increase our 

involvement in activities with an impact on the local community 

Targets for FY2019

Number of volunteer hours per staff for community 

activities: 2 hours per employee per year





OUR SOCIAL CONTRIBUTIONS


EXPLORE, EMBRACE, EXPERIENCE

35

GRI Content Index

Disclosure 

Disclosure 

Comments

Reference 

GRI 102: General Disclosures

102-1

Name of the organization

 AR 2018, Pg. 1

(Corporate Profile)

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and 

services

AR 2018, Pg. 1

(Corporate Profile)

102-3

Location of headquarters

 AR 2018, Pg. 1

(Corporate Profile)

102-4

Location of operations

 AR 2018, Pg. 3

(Corporate Profile)

102-5

Ownership and legal form

AR 2018, Pg. 18

(Group Structure)

102-6

Markets served

AR 2018, Pg. 4-8

(Business Segments)

102-7

Scale of the organization

AR 2018, Pg. 18

(Group Structure)

102-8

Information on employees and 

other workers

 SR 2018, Pg. 26-30

(Employability &amp; Local Development)

102-9

Supply chain

We have approximately 500 suppliers, 

more than 90% of the suppliers are based 

in Myanmar and provide materials and 

services for our various business units. 

102-10

Significant changes to the 

organization and its supply chain

Memories Group acquired Burma 

Boating in March 2018 and Kayah Resort 

in May 2018. 

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

AR 2018, Pg. 88-100

(Risk Management)

102-12

External initiatives

SR 2018, Pg. 9

(External Initiatives)

102-13

Membership of associations 

SR 2018, Pg. 9

(Memberships of Associations)

102-14

Statement from senior decision-

maker

SR 2018, Pg. 1

(Board Statement)

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and 

norms of behaviour 

SR 2018, Pg. 3

(Group Structure)

102-18

Governance structure 

AR 2018, Pg.26-43

(Board of Directors)

(Report of Corporate Governance)

102-40

List of stakeholder groups 

SR 2018, Pg. 10

(Stakeholder Engagement)

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

There is currently no Union within 

the Company. As signatories to the 

UN Global Compact we recognise 

employees' right to belong to unions, and 

we also follow Myanmar Labour Law in 

this regard.

102-42

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

SR 2018, Pg. 10

(Our Stakeholders)


36

MEMORIES GROUP LIMITED  SUSTAINABLITY REPORT 2018

102-43

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement

SR 2018, Pg. 10

(Our Stakeholders)

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

SR 2018, Pg. 11-12

(Materiality Assessment)

102-45

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial statements 

SR 2018, Pg. 3

(Group Structure)

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries 

SR 2018, Pg. Inside Front Cover

(About the Report)

102-47

List of material topics 

SR 2018, Pg. 11-12

(Materiality Assessment)

102-48

Restatements of information

None

102-49

Changes in reporting 

None 

102-50

Reporting period 

SR 2018, Pg. Inside Front Cover

(About this Report)

102-51

Date of most recent report 

This is our first report

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual 

102-53

Contact point for questions 

regarding the report 

sustainability@memoriesgroup.com

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance 

with the GRI Standards

This report has been prepared in 

accordance with the GRI Standards: Core 

Option

102-55

GRI content index

SR 2018, Pg. 35-37

(GRI Content Index) 

102-56

External assurance 

 None

GRI 103: Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic 

and its Boundary

SR 2018, Pg. 7

(Our Sustainability Journey)

SR 2018, Pg. 11-12

(Materiality Assessment)

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

SR 2018, Pg. 14, 16-17, 21, 24-25, 26, 

31

Described under the section “Our 

Approach” for each of the material topics

103-3

Evaluation of the management 

approach

SR 2018, Pg. 14-19, 22-23, 25-28, 31-34

Described under the section of “What 

We Have Done” for each of the material 

topics

GRI 201: Economic Performance

201-1

Direct economic value generated 

and distributed

SR Pg. 5-6

(ESG Performance Table)

GRI 305: Emissions

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions

SR 2018, Pg. 19

(Respect for the Environment) 

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG 

Emissions

SR 2018, Pg. 19

(Respect for the Environment)


EXPLORE, EMBRACE, EXPERIENCE

37

GRI 306: Effluents and Waste

306-1

Waste discharge by quality and 

destination

SR 2018, Pg. 16-17

(Respect for the Environment)

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

SR 2018, Pg. 16-17

(Respect for the Environment)

GRI 401: Employment

401-1

New employee hires and employee 

turnover

SR 2018, Pg. 28

(Employability &amp; Local Development) 

GRI 404: Training and Education

404-1

Average hours of training per 

employee

SR 2018, Pg. 28

(Employability &amp; Local Development)

404-2

Programs for upgrading employee 

skills and transition assistance 

programs

SR 2018, Pg. 28

(Employability &amp; Local Development)

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity

405-2

Ratio of the basic salary and 

renumeration of women to men

SR 2018, Pg. 29

(Employability &amp; Local Development)

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and 

economic area

SR 2018, Pg. 23

(Governance)





Memories Group Limited

Sustainability Report 2018





