












Sustainability Report

FY2020










1  |  MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD.  |  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2020



CONTENTS

ABOUT THE REPORT 

2

FEEDBACK 

2

BOARD STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY 

3

ABOUT THE GROUP 

4

GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE 

5

STRATEGIC APPROACH FOR SUSTAINABILITY 

5

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

6

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

7

PROCUREMENT PRACTICES 

8

ENERGY 

8

WASTE 

9

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

9

EMPLOYMENT 

10

TRAINING &amp; DEVELOPMENT 

12

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH &amp; SAFETY 

13

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

15

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX 16






MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD.  |  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2020  |  2

We are fully committed to our stakeholders and we welcome feedback on any aspect of our sustainability 

policies, processes and performance. Kindly address all feedback to ir@mencast.com.sg. Your feedback is vital to 

us in achieving our goals to build a sustainable and thriving business. As an attempt to promote environmental 

conservation, there will be no hard copies of this report.





ABOUT THE REPORT

FEEDBACK













Reporting Boundary 

As a guide, this report covers  

operations and all subsidiaries for  

which Mencast Holdings Ltd.  

(“Mencast” or together with its subsidiaries,  

the “Group”) has management control,  

unless otherwise stated. It seeks to provide an 

overview of our sustainability  

practices, commitment, and performance  

of the Group’s material Environmental,  

Social and Governance  

(“ESG”) topics. 

Reporting Period &amp; Standard

The reporting period is the same  

as that of the financial year of the  

Group (1 January 2020 to 31 December  

2020 – FY2020). This report was prepared 

in accordance with the Global Reporting 

Initiative (“GRI”) Standards – “Core” reporting 

requirements. The GRI Standards is the most 

widely used and internationally accepted 

sustainability reporting framework.  

A GRI Index at the end of the report  

specifies the location of the  

relevant disclosures.

Independent Assurance

The ESG performance data presented  

in the report have mainly been extracted  

from internal information systems and  

original records to ensure accuracy. The Group 

has not sought external assurance for this 

sustainability report but have relied on  

internal verification to ensure the  

accuracy of data.




3  |  MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD.  |  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2020

Mencast Holdings Ltd. (“Mencast” or together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is pleased to issue its fourth 

sustainability report prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards and in compliance with the SGX-ST guidelines 

on sustainability reporting. 

The Group endevours and is committed to continually consider material environmental, social and governance 

topics as part of our core business strategy. The report seeks to present an accurate and even account of our 

practices and performance in our quest to be a sustainable, responsible corporate citizen.

The Board of Directors (“Board”) and senior management (“Management”) remains committed to establish and 

maintain an effective Sustainability Management framework, which is supported by underlying internal controls, 

risk management practices, clear accountability and reporting process. The Board evaluates and considers ESG 

risks and opportunities relevant to the Group during the formulation of overall business strategy, objectives and 

performance measurements. 

The Sustainability Reporting (“SR”) Committee supports the Management in identifying the type of relevant ESG topics 

caused by its day-to-day operations. Management then determines the materiality of the ESG topics based on the 

level of significance of impact, and influence on stakeholder values, and the achievement of the Group’s strategic 

objectives. The Board supports and approves the identification and assessment parameters of material ESG topics. 

The ESG topics in this report have been reviewed and assessed by the Board and Management to be material and 

relevant. The Board and Management shall continue to dedicate leadership and maintain a high standard of 

sustainability governance to drive continuous and long-term growth for all its stakeholders. The Group will continue 

to work towards a balanced disclosure on the management and monitoring of material ESG topics for continual 

improvement.



BOARD STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY 




MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD.  |  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2020  |  4

Mencast Holdings Ltd. and its subsidiaries (“Mencast” or the “Group”) is a regional Engineering and Maintenance, 

Repair and Overhaul (“MRO”) solutions provider. We also have a growing business in waste remediation, recycling 

and manufactured products.

Headquartered in Singapore, the Group was successfully listed in June 2008 as the first sponsor-approved listing 

on Singapore’s SGX Catalist and later became the first such company to transfer to the SGX Mainboard. From its 

establishment in 1981, the Group has grown into a leader in the manufacture and repair of propellers and stern 

gear equipment and has built on its core competencies to steadily expand business into new areas. 

Mencast constantly innovates to create customer value and drive sustainable business growth. In 2017, Mencast 

Innovation Centre Pte. Ltd. (“MIC”) was established as an incubator that provides mentorship, facilities and 

networking opportunities for growth companies synergistic with our Group. Mencast will continue to seek 

technology driven growth opportunities in MRO, environmental remediation, manufacturing and the recycling of 

waste products. 

FOUR (4)  

SERVICE PRINCIPLES

SIX (6) 

 PILLARS OF STRENGTH

1. 

We work hard to retain our technical expertise

 

Customers partner with Mencast for the high standards we set ourselves. 

We are continuously learning, sharpening our skills and striving to improve 

ourselves to be the best possible partner to our customers.

2. 

We always seek solutions

 

At Mencast, we are determined to find a solution to your problem. Our 

flexibility, resourcefulness, and innovation approach equip us to anticipate, 

avoid and overcome any obstacles you might face.

3. 

We look out for one another

 

We believe in the value of teamwork and think of our Mencast team as a 

family; someone we can count on and trust. Not just when things go wrong 

but to share our successes too.

4. 

We focus on developing and maintaining long-term customer relationships

 

We consider our customers to be our partners not just today, but in the long 

run. We place our customers at the forefront of our business and make sure 

that our industry relationships and commercial acumen inform our service 

and capabilities.

✓ 

Commercially Minded/ 

Corporate Ethos

✓ 

Full Engagement

✓ 

Responsiveness/Speed

✓ 

Superior Technical 

Ability

✓ 

Resourceful/Solution 

Oriented/Dependability

✓ 

Environmental 

Championship

Awards &amp; Certification 

The Group aims to continuously seek business opportunities in line with our strategic growth and to deliver 

value to our customers and stakeholders as we continue to explore and expand our business operations. Within 

the industry, the Group upholds a reputation for quality and high standards in operations, as well as excellence 

in operations management. In FY2020, we have attained, as well as continue to maintain various awards and 

certifications, such as the following:

• 

ISO 9001 Certification – Quality Management Systems

• 

ISO 14001 Certification – Environmental Management System

• 

ISO 45001 Certification – Occupational Health &amp; Safety



ABOUT THE GROUP




5  |  MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD.  |  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2020

Sustainability is integrated into our business and embedded across various roles and functions. The SR Committee, 

chaired by Mr Sim Soon Ngee Glenndle, our Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), comprises 

senior management of all businesses to provide an oversight on the integration of sustainability practices into 

all aspects of the business. The Board maintains overall responsibility and ensure that sustainability matters are 

considered as part of business strategy. There were no changes in the composition of the Committee since the first 

year of reporting. 

The Committee focuses on formulating, implementing and reviewing the Group’s sustainable policies and practices, 

sustainability development programmes and initiatives. Periodic reviews are carried out at both the Committee and 

business department level to ensure the effective implementation and that initiatives remain in line with the Group’s 

strategic development. 

Mencast firmly believes that while our businesses are driven by earnings, our action must also have a positive 

impact on environment, employees and all other stakeholders in our value chain. In FY2020, with the help of an 

Independent External Consultant (“Consultant”), the Group reviewed and defined our approach to sustainability 

management. We have reviewed the four main aspects and existing non-financial topics for FY2020 reporting 

disclosure. The Management concluded that these topics remain material to the sustainability of our economic 

performance and business operations. As proposed by the Consultant, the Management incorporated one new topic 

for disclosure – Waste (See Exhibit 1).

Exhibit 1. An Overview of Our Approach to Sustainability Management

Three main aspects 

towards sustainability of our 

economic performance and business 

operations

Economic Performance1

Procurement Practices

Environmental 

Management

Organisational 

&amp; Relationship 

Management

Corporate 

Governance &amp; Risk 

Management2

Energy

Employment 

Anti-Corruption 

Waste

Training &amp; 

Development

Environmental 

Compliance

Occupational Health 

&amp; Safety 

Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment

Our Materiality Assessment Process

Supported by a systematic &amp; 

interactive process to identify, 

categorise and prioritise material 

ESG topics

Identify

Define a list of 

potential material 

ESG topics

Categorise

Refine the list of 

topics by clustering 

them into categories 

Prioritise 

Engage SR 

Committee for 

feedback and 

validation of each 

topics based on 

importance to 

internal and external 

stakeholders

1. Please refer to Financial Statements of the Annual Report 2020 (“AR2020”).

2. Please refer to the Corporate Governance section of the AR2020.





GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE

STRATEGIC APPROACH FOR SUSTAINABILITY




MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD.  |  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2020  |  6

Mencast recognises that knowing and understanding the demands and concerns of stakeholders is key to 

sustainable growth and that regular engagement with stakeholders helps us to understand and establish material 

areas of focus. The Group operates and maintains diverse communication channels and platforms to listen to 

stakeholders’ requirements and opinions.

Our stakeholders are those who have a considerable influence on our business, and whom our business has a 

significant impact on. In FY2020, the SR Committee with the support of our Consultant has reviewed and 

ascertained that employees, customers, shareholders, bankers, investors and business partners remained as our 

key stakeholder groups (See Exhibit 2). 

Exhibit 2. Our Key Stakeholder Groups

Employees

We recognise that our employees are fundamental 

to the Group’s productivity and continuity. We aim to 

nurture them well to increase their engagement and 

contribution to the Group.

Customers

We strive to maximise our customers satisfaction, which 

reflects sales and revenue. We ensure that we understand 

our customers needs and expectations and we aim to 

build long lasting relationships with our customers so that 

they are likely to engage our services again.

Shareholders, Bankers, and Investors

We aim to maintain profitability in our Group and 

maximise shareholders’ return. We also strive to 

maintain corporate governance and improve level of 

transparency through reporting and communication.

Business Partners

We work closely with our business partners/ 

subcontractors to ensure that all our operations that 

were carried out are in line with our sustainability 

efforts and industry practices.

Community 

We work closely with our community and remain fully committed to continue procuring responsibly  

while generating positive economic and social benefits for the local community we operate in.

Membership of Associations

Aspiring to widen our exposure to industry standards and collaborate within and beyond the industry to improve 

on current sustainable practices, Mencast and its subsidiaries have joined and taken active participation in the 

following industry associations:

• 

Singapore Business Federation

• 

Association of Singapore Marine Industries 

• 

Singapore Chinese Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry

• 

Singapore National Employers Federation

• 

Commercial Diving Association (Singapore) – Mencast Subsea Pte. Ltd.

• 

Association of Diving Contractors (International) – Mencast Subsea Pte. Ltd.

• 

Industrial Rope Access Trade Association – Mencast Subsea Pte. Ltd.

• 

International Marine Contractors Association – Mencast Subsea Pte. Ltd.



STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT




7  |  MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD.  |  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2020

Materiality with respect to sustainability reporting, as defined by GRI Standards, includes topics and indicators 

that reflect the organisation’s significant economic, environmental, and social impacts; and would substantively 

influence the assessments and decisions of stakeholders.

Guided by our Consultant and having considered the topics of concerns and expectation of identified key 

stakeholders, the SR Committee, together with the Management, have assessed and prioritised the material topics 

to focus on for the Group, as well as targets and commitments.

OUR TARGETS AND COMMITMENTS

ECONOMIC



 

Financial Performance

• 

To improve our internal efficiency and effectiveness in our existing 

business and also, to leverage on our existing strengths for new business 

opportunities.

Procurement Practices

• 

Continue to collaborate with the right business partners and suppliers 

to redesign our product offerings to reduce the negative impact on the 

environment.

ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT



Energy 

• 

Maintain and achieve energy efficiency and a balance energy intensity 

usage correlated with business growth.

Waste

• 

Ensure waste treatment and disposal are in accordance with regulatory 

requirements.

Environmental Compliance

• 

Zero incidents of non-compliance.

• 

No significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with 

environmental laws and regulations.

ORGANISATIONAL &amp; RELATIONSHIP 

MANAGEMENT



 

Employment

• 

Continue to promote diversity and equal opportunity in the workplace.

• 

Comply with local labour regulations across our operations.

Training and Education

• 

Achieve an average of 2 hours of training per employee annually.

Occupational  

Health and Safety

• 

Zero fatalities and/or workplace injuries.

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



 

Anti-Corruption

• 

Zero incidents of bribery and corruption, including facilitation payment.

• 

Zero tolerance towards all forms of bribery and corruption.

The material ESG topics were also reviewed by the Board and determined as being relevant. Moving forward, to 

keep abreast of critical issues, the SR Committee, supporting the Board in its oversight, will continue to review 

annually material ESG topics against the changing business environment, stakeholder opinions, and emerging 

global and local trends.



MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT




MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD.  |  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2020  |  8

ECONOMIC

The Group firmly believes that the suppliers and subcontractors we engage are critical to creating positive economic 

impact, thus enhancing stakeholder’s return. In this respect, the Group maintains a rigorous selection process in vendors 

selection, which are based on the past track records and adherence to occupational health and safety standards.

As we consider sustainability as one of the key factors in selecting a supplier, we evaluate the potential candidates 

based on their sustainability performance and practices. Often, there would be a collaboration with business 

partners and suppliers to redesign our product offerings to reduce the negative impact on the environment in this 

area. For the purpose of this disclosure, we took into account the entities located in Singapore as the “significant 

locations of operations”.

Purchases from local material suppliers accounted for approximately 85% (FY2019*: 92%) of the total purchases in 

FY2020. The remaining raw materials were procured from overseas suppliers as they were not available locally. 

Currently, the use of foreign subcontractors and import purchases are kept to a minimum, and we remain fully 

committed to continue procuring responsibly while generating positive economic and social benefit for the local 

community we operate in.

*restated due to disposal of 51% shareholdings in Mencast-KSE Pte. Ltd. (no longer a subsidiary)

ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT

To address global issues of resource scarcity and a changing climate, we recognise the importance of integrating 

environmental considerations into the Group’s business decisions. We are committed to understanding, managing 

and minimising our environmental footprint across our value chain, including our business operations, suppliers 

and customers. Our environmental efforts are largely focused on maximising material utilisation and optimising 

energy consumption. We will continue to strengthen our expertise in the areas of environmental programmes and 

be selective about the strategic initiatives that will yield a greater positive impact in the future.

In FY2020, the Group consumed approximately 8.89 million kWh of electricity, which comprises a mix of direct 

and indirect sources of energy. There is a 28% increase of energy consumed as compared to FY2019 (FY2019 

consumption: 6.92 million kWh of electricity). The increase was due to increase in Marine sector’s electricity 

consumption, largely from premises rented out to tenants, dormitory, and temporary living quarters.

Direct energy refers to primary sources of energy from our solar generation on site, whereas indirect energy is 

electricity purchased from external suppliers – the grid. The comparison and breakdown of consumption by 

respective businesses as follows:

Business

Energy Consumption (‘000 kWh)

FY2020

FY2019

Offshore &amp; Engineering

2,536

2,617

Marine

4,985

2,873

Energy

1,365

1,430

Total

8,886

6,920

To improve energy efficiency, the Group will continue to optimise operations and processes; technological 

improvements, including the adoption of more sustainable building designs and materials; and the use of energy-

efficient equipment and devices.





PROCUREMENT PRACTICES

ENERGY




9  |  MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD.  |  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2020

Waste management is critical for global sustainable development. The Group conscientiously monitor its discharges 

into the environment and seek to reduce any ecological impact. It is thus vital to prioritise waste disposal methods, 

such as recovery that minimise residual effects. As part of the Group’s waste management business, the Group 

holds a valid Toxic Industrial Waste Collector’s Licence.

In FY2020, total hazardous wastes collected has increased by 116% in volume (ton) as compared to FY2019 due to 

its increasing demand from the Group’s waste management business. 

All hazardous waste collected were treated and disposed by Mencast in compliance with:

• 

The Environmental Public Health (Toxic Industrial Waste) Regulations 1988

• 

Sewerage and Drainage Act, Chapter 294 and the Sewerage and Drainage (Trade Effluent) Regulations

• 

Singapore Standard SS 603: 2014 Code of Practice for Hazardous Waste Management 

The hazardous wastes collected mainly consist of contaminated soil, slop oil, oil sludge, oily water, plating effluent 

etc. These hazardous wastes were treated and disposed via the following methods:

Waste directed to disposal by Landfill  

and Water Treatment

Waste diverted from disposal by Recovery

Environmental compliance forms an integral part of the Group’s sustainability philosophy. With increased pressure 

on corporations to be accountable for their environmental footprint and rising cost of natural resources, we 

endeavour to not just comply but also integrate the best sustainability practices across business operations to 

reduce adverse environmental impact on the ecosystem. 

Over the years, the Group’s operations continue to conform to local environmental laws and regulations. The Group 

maintains a zero tolerance for non-compliance and encourage our stakeholders to report any incidences via our 

established whistle blowing channels. All employees of Mencast are encouraged to be proactive and forthcoming in 

managing and reporting environmental related issues and complaints.

In FY2020, there were no incidents of non-compliance and penalties pertaining to environmental-related issues. 

The Board and Management continues to review and improve the current environmental management system and 

practices and ensure that all our activities and operations comply with regulatory and customers’ requirements. 

Moving Forward

To maintain the highest standard of environmental compliance, our commitment and target, the Management will 

continue to review and improve the current environmental management system and practices and ensure that all 

our activities and operations comply with existing regulatory requirements. 





WASTE

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

22%

Recovery Oil

Recovery

Fertilizer

18%

16%

54%

11%

Landfill Ash 

after Treatment

Discharge 

to PUB

49%

7%

23%

FY2020

FY2019

FY2020

FY2019




MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD.  |  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2020  |  10

ORGANISATIONAL &amp; RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT

Our employees are one of our most valuable assets and the Group believes in and is committed to fair employment 

practices, upholding human rights principles and investing in developing and training our people. We provide equal 

opportunities to all employees without discrimination.

As of 31 December 2020, we have a total of 339 full-time employees. 

FY2020

FY2019

Total No. of Employees

 

339

 

368

Distribution by Gender (%)

 

 

 

88% 

12%

 

 

 

88% 

12%

Total No.

Total No.

New Hires

39

86

80% of new hires in FY2020 were male due to the nature of 

industry, compared to 78% in FY2019.

Age Group

&lt; 30 

30 - 50

&gt; 50

&lt; 30 

30 - 50

&gt; 50

Total No. of New Hire by Age Group

10

21

8

37

37

12

% of New Hire by Age Group 

25%

54%

21%

43%

43%

14%

Turnover

Total No.

Total No.

68 

98

&lt; 30 

30 - 50

&gt; 50

&lt; 30 

30 - 50

&gt; 50

Total No. of Turnover by Age Group

14

40

14

35

53

10

% of Turnover by Age Group

21%

58%

21%

36%

54%

10%

We strive to foster an inclusive and performance driven work environment to attract, retain and develop our talents. 

As an employer who advocates equal opportunity, the Group has instituted a fair system to ensure equal opportunities 

and non-preferential treatment for all employees. There is no preference or prejudice towards religion, age, ethnicity, 

any physical disability or gender. Employees are required to observe and adhere to all relevant policies and practices. 

Due to the inherent nature of labour-intensive work and physically challenging working conditions, the majority of 

our employees are male. Mencast makes a conscious effort to maintain diversity in the middle management, to 

generate creativity and innovation and improve the organisation’s culture. There were no reported incidences of 

discrimination raised by our employees in FY2020.

Also, the Group has an open-door policy where employees are encouraged to speak-up or report grievances directly 

to their superior, head of department, human resource department, chief executive officer and/or independent 

directors. This is to reinforce our commitment to our employees to provide them with a workplace that is healthy, 

safe and secure. Across our business segments, there were no workplace grievance cases reported in FY2020.



EMPLOYMENT




11  |  MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD.  |  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2020

Employee Remuneration and Benefit

The Group recognises the valuable contribution of all employees. We strongly believe in fair remuneration and sets 

packages which are competitive and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate personnel with adequate experience 

and expertise to manage the business and operations of the Group. In setting remuneration packages, the Group 

takes into account the regulatory requirements, salary, and employment conditions within the same industry and in 

comparable companies. In FY2020, in addition to the competitive remuneration offered, we extended our employees 

a set of benefits including but not limited to:

Employment Benefits

Descriptions

Life Insurance 

In the event that an employee becomes critically ill or permanently disabled, 

their loved ones will receive a sum of money to provide them with financial 

protection and coverage against risks.

Medical Insurance

Employees are reimbursed for outpatient treatments, surgery or 

hospitalisation expenses covered under medical insurance.

Disability Insurance

Our employees are covered under personal accident insurance and work-

related injury. For instance, the organisation will reimburse any rehabilitation 

costs or monthly pay-outs for each case of disability.

Parental Leave

Both female and male employees are entitled to maternity leave and paternity 

leave when applicable. We provide other leave benefits catering to our 

employees’ children during the stages of infant care and childcare.

In FY2020, the Group had a return-to-work rate of 100% and remained 

employees of the Group for more than a year. The Group will continually 

work towards building a pro-parent workplace through enhancing our Group 

welfare practices and culture.

Retirement Provision 

For employees qualified for pension approaching the retirement age, the 

government will provide them with monthly cash pay-outs from their CPF 

contributions.

Workers Dormitory and Canteen

Workers are granted dormitory accommodation, coupled with basic necessities 

such as proper sanitation and water.

The Group is in full compliance with local labour regulations across our operations, as well as minimum wage laws, 

where such laws exist. Being in an industry that is largely labour-intensive, we are dedicated to constantly reviewing 

our employment policies, benefits and remuneration practices to ensure compliance with the updated employment 

laws, to keep up with the best industry practices and to provide the optimal working conditions for our people. 

Before the COVID-19 outbreak, the Group held company dinner on 10 January 2020 at 42A Premises. Subsequently, due 

to safe distancing measures in place to reduce the risk of COVID-19, there were no recreation and welfare activity held.

The Group continually cultivates a transparent and inclusive environment for all employees, as well as ensures a top-

down approach to promote fair and ethical business dealings. Mencast maintains zero tolerance towards unethical 

labour practices such as child labour, forced labour, slavery and human trafficking across all our operations.




MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD.  |  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2020  |  12

The Group recognises that employees need to stay informed and be updated in their skill sets in the ever-changing 

work environment. To encourage and support our employees to develop their fullest potential and have a fulfilling 

career, both on-the-job and ad-hoc trainings are made available to our employees. Employees are encouraged to 

attend courses which are relevant to their work nature.

In FY2020, the company has clocked a total of 931 hours in training (45% reduction in average hours of training 

per employee). The reduction of training hours per employee were due to implementation of urgent measures to 

manage COVID-19 pandemic in the workplace.

FY2020

FY2019

Average Hours of Training  

Per Employee

 

6.47 hours

11.71 hours

Programmes for Upgrading Employee Skills and Transition Assistance

The Group is committed to continue to allocate budget and plan skills upgrading to equip employees to meet 

strategic targets of the Group. We believe that more skilled employees enhance Mencast’s human capital and 

contribute to employees’ satisfaction, which will then enhance overall performance. 

 

Training sessions to educate the employees on the technical skills and safety across different modes of operations, such as:

• 

WSQ Operate Boom Lift Course

• 

WSQ Respond to Fire and Hazmat Emergency

• 

Implement Incident Management Process

• 

Certificate in First Aid Course

• 

Apply Workplace Safety &amp; Health In Process Plant

• 

Occupational First Aid

• 

Hazmat Transport Driver Permit Course

• 

Safety Course for Ship Supplier Personnel

• 

Safe Management Officer Training

• 

SIC for Shipyard Workers (General Trade)

• 

Apply Workplace Safety &amp; Health in Metal Work

• 

Forklift Operator Course

In FY2020, the Group has also piloted initiatives and automation programmes to boost productivity:

• 

COVID-19 Support: KR AI Temperature Monitoring Access Control Platform &amp; Software (Face Scanner Machine) 

• 

Installation of HR Software

• 

Purchases of new laptops and upgraded Microsoft 365 Business Standard as enhancement for employees to 

be able to work from home.

Performance and Career Development Review

Performance and career development review of employees are performed during the performance appraisal 

process. This process is conducted on an annual basis whereby there will be two-way communication and 

engagement between supervisors and subordinates to assess the performance of the employee. Upon completion 

of the appraisal process, consideration of career advancement such as promotion, quantum of salary increments, 

and annual variable bonus will be determined based on the performance appraisal results. Employees are 

assessed and remunerated fairly based on their experience, qualifications and performance. 

In FY2020, 89% of total employees (those with more than one year service) received performance bonus and career 

development review. 

The Group shall continue to provide training and education opportunities through development programmes 

wherever applicable and promote a conducive corporate environment where everyone could achieve their potential. 



TRAINING &amp; DEVELOPMENT




13  |  MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD.  |  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2020

Safety is an integral part of our business, and a key focus area for our board of directors and senior management. 

Occupational Health &amp; Safety Management Framework

In FY2020, the Group continue to be certified to 

meet the Singapore standard for occupational 

safety and health management system, as 

well as ISO 45001 occupational health and 

safety management system and ISO 14001 

environmental management system.

Processes are in place to identify, mitigate 

and report risks and communicate best 

practices across the Group, and we work with 

our employees and stakeholders to ensure 

that they understand our requirements and 

expectations.

Our safety management system continues 

to be routinely audited by independent 

consultants.

Key Elements of Our Health &amp; Safety System

To facilitate the physical supervision of the workplace safety and the relaying of Workplace Safety and Health 

(“WSH”) related messages, each individual subsidiary has established its own Health, Safety and Environment 

(“HSE”) Committee. The HSE Committee is headed by a Chairman appointed by the Director, typically a senior 

personnel from the Operations or Production Department. They oversee the subsidiaries’ operations to ensure that 

safety standards are upheld at all times and also up to industry leading practices.

The Committee conducts regular and surprise inspections on their workers’ workplace safety. In addition, the 

role and responsibilities of the HSE Committee includes reviewing, effectively implementing and reinforcing safety 

standards and regulations to ensure all areas of safety are adequately covered. Committee meetings are conducted 

minimally once a month to review safety inspection results, ensure corrective actions are taken promptly, as well 

as coordinate and organise HSE campaigns. We also constantly seek feedback from non-committee members 

regarding areas of improvement and all relevant HSE matters. We estimate nearly 100% of the workforce are 

represented well as they have the right to participate fully in the establishment and implementation of occupational 

health and safety policies, procedures, investigations and risk assessments.

In FY2020, the Group continues to maintain a balanced proportion of managerial to non-managerial staff in the 

committee. Moving forward, we will continue to maintain the ideal proportion and better facilitate workplace safety 

with a less hierarchical organisation.

Inherent Occupational Risk

As a Group, we periodically assess the occupational injuries and diseases risks that may occur due to workplace 

conditions. In FY2020, due to the nature of the work, we continue to consider the following as high-risk: 

• 

Decompression illness or Barotrauma - Adherence to accepted diving safety standards and dive exposure 

tables; and

• 

Chemical Exposure – Provision of Personal Protective Equipment (“PPE”) and annual medical examinations.

Findings from our risk assessments are considered in the determination of facility requirements, training 

programmes and operational controls. The Group ensures each worker is well protected before the start of each 

assignment, by documenting on the personal protective equipment record to ensure that each worker is sufficiently 

equipped with protective gears. We have also developed a list of protocols and precautions for workers, to ensure 

that their safety is fully covered in all areas of work.



OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH &amp; SAFETY 

























Policy

Checking  

and Correction  

Action

Planning

Continual 

Improvement

Implementation  

and Operation

Management 

Review




MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD.  |  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2020  |  14

Workplace Health &amp; Safety Performance

Category

FY2020

FY2019

Total

Total

Death or Total Permanent Disabilities

0

0

Reportable Injuries

6

2

Occupational Disease

0

0

In FY2020, a total of 151 man-days were loss due to injury, which had increased when compared with FY2019 (i.e.17 

man-days). The main reason for the increase was due to 3 individuals with injuries that required a longer recovery 

period. For each of these injuries reported, the Group Quality, Health &amp; Safety, Environmental (“QHSE”) Manager 

had prepared an Investigation report, consisting of mainly the details of the accident, and a corrective action plan 

such as conducting training and education to prevent similar injuries and workplace inspections to minimise the 

likelihood of similar accidents occurring again. The Group has maintained zero occupational disease and fatality or 

total permanent disabilities.

Additionally, we ensure that our employees attend medical consultations for early detection. These medical 

consultations include:

• 

Audiometry tests for employees exposed to excessive noise hazards; and

• 

Medical examinations for employees exposed to oil and tar.

COVID-19 Compliance and Safety Measures

The COVID-19 pandemic, an unprecedented event, has greatly impacted the global economy and businesses 

worldwide. Mencast was also impacted during this period and in order to safeguard the health and safety of our 

employees, customers and stakeholders, which was our main priority, we have initiated various measures. We 

have established a Safety Management Committee at the onset of the pandemic, specifically to coordinate and 

implement adequate Safe Management measures for all our business. The team is led by the appointed Safe 

Management Officer (“SMO”) and supported by 7 Safe Distancing Officer (“SDO”) to ensure the safety management 

measures are properly executed by all departments. 

The safe management measures implemented were in accordance with guidelines and requirements issued by 

Government agencies including Ministry of Health (“MOH”), Ministry of Manpower (“MOM”) and Ministry of Trade &amp; 

Industry. The Group has ensured its compliance with the government advisories on COVID-19 restrictions such as 

social distancing measures by embedding the practices into daily operations. Other mandatory measures have also 

been implemented, such as twice a day temperature screening, split team and work-from home arrangements. 

During FY2020, there were no non-compliance with the COVID-19 laws and regulations.

For employees staying in dormitory, specific instructions and restricted movement orders were provided. A 

dormitory leader was appointed to ensure that the safety management guidelines established were adhered to.

Trainings and briefings were also conducted for all employees to ensure higher level of awareness of COVID-19 

safety measures. Posters and notices on best practices of COVID-19 preventive measures were placed near the 

entrance of premise, common areas and production area as a reminder for all employees.

Moving forward, the Group shall strive to continue to maintain its health &amp; safety standards with continuous 

improvement in its Operational Health and Safety processes and performance.




15  |  MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD.  |  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2020

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Mencast is committed to uphold the highest standards of corporate governance and business integrity across its 

business activities, which are essential for the long-term viability of the Group’s businesses and the enhancement 

of shareholder’s value. The Board undertakes to investigate complaints of suspected fraud in an objective manner 

and has put in place a whistle-blowing policy and procedures which provide employees with well-defined and 

accessible channels within the Group, including a direct channel to the Audit Committee, for reporting suspected 

bribery, corruption, dishonest practices or other similar matters.

The policy aims to encourage the reporting of such matters in good faith, with the confidence that employees 

making such reports will be treated fairly and, to the extent possible, be protected from reprisal. The policy and 

its effectiveness will be reviewed by the Audit Committee periodically, with recommendations regarding updates or 

amendments, if any, to be made to the Board as required. 

In FY2020, there were no incidents of regulatory non-compliance across Mencast’s group of businesses. There were 

also no reported incidents pertaining to whistle-blowing for this reporting period under review. The Group continues 

to work towards reinforcing a full compliance culture.

Moving Forward

The Audit Committee continues to support the Board in its oversight of anti-corruption and is responsible for 

driving the Group’s focus on implementing effective compliance and governance systems. At an operational level, 

the respective department within the Group continues to be responsible to identify, self-assess the adequacy and 

effectiveness of mitigating measures, and manage their financial, operational, information technology, compliance 

and reputational related risks.

Please refer to the Corporate Governance section of the annual report for more information.



ANTI-CORRUPTION




MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD.  |  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2020  |  16

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX

This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option

Category

Disclosure

Description

Page Reference and Remarks

GRI 102:

General

Disclosures

102-1 *

Name of the

organisation

Cover Page

102-2 *

Activities, brands, products, 

and services

Refer to AR FY2020 – 

Notes to The Finance Statement – Note 1

102-3 *

Location of

headquarters

42E Penjuru Road, Mencast Central,  

Singapore 609161

102-4 *

Location of operations

42E &amp; 42B Penjuru Road, Mencast Central,

Singapore 609161/609163

102-5 *

Ownership and legal

form

Refer to AR FY2020 – Group Structure 

102-6 *

Markets served

Refer to AR FY2020 – 

Note 4 Revenue by Geographical Segment

102-7 *

Scale of the

organisation

Page 10

102-8 *

Information on

employees and other workers

Page 10

102-9 *

Supply chain

Page 8

102-10 *

Significant changes to

the organisation and its 

supply chain

No significant changes

102-11 *

Precautionary Principle

or approach

Page 5

102-12 *

External initiatives

Page 4

102-13 *

Membership of

associations

Page 6

GRI 102: Strategy

102-14 *

Statement from senior 

decision-maker

Refer to AR FY2020 – Chairman’s Message

GRI 102:

Ethics and

Integrity

102-16 *

Values, principles,

standards, and norms of 

behaviour

Page 4

GRI 102:

Governance

102-18 *

Governance structure

Page 5 

Refer to AR FY2020 – Corporate Governance and 

Corporate Structure

GRI 102:

Stakeholder

Engagement

102-40 *

List of stakeholder groups

Page 6

102-41 *

Collective bargaining 

agreements

None

102-42 *

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders

Page 6

102-43 *

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement

Page 6

102-44 *

Key topics and concerns 

raised

Page 7




17  |  MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD.  |  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2020

Category

Disclosure

Description

Page Reference and Remarks

GRI 102:

Reporting

Practice

102-45 *

Entities included in the

consolidated financial 

statements

Refer to AR FY2020 – 

Notes to The Finance Statement – Note 16

102-46 *

Defining report content and 

topic Boundaries

Page 2

102-47 *

List of material topics

Page 7

102-48 *

Restatements of information

Page 8

102-49 *

Changes in reporting

No significant changes from previous reporting 

periods in the list of material topics and topic 

boundaries.

102-50 *

Reporting period

Page 2

102-51 *

Date of most recent report

FY2019 Sustainability Report

102-52 *

Reporting cycle

1 Jan 2020 to 31 Dec 2020

102-53 *

Contact point for

questions regarding the 

report

Page 2

102-54 *

Claims of reporting in

accordance with the

GRI Standards

Core option

102-55 *

GRI content index

Page 16 - 18

102-56 *

External assurance

The Group has not sought external assurance for 

this sustainability report.

GRI 302: 

Energy

DMA

Management approach 

disclosures

Page 8

302-1

Energy consumption within 

the organisation

Page 8

GRI 306:

Waste

DMA

Management approach 

disclosures

Page 9 

306-1

Waste generation and 

significant waste-related 

impacts

Page 9

306-2

Management of significant 

waste-related impacts

Page 9

306-3

Waste generated

Page 9

306-4

Waste diverted from disposal

Page 9

306-5

Waste directed to disposal

Page 9

GRI 307:

Environmental

Compliance

DMA

Management approach 

disclosures

Page 9

307-1

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations

Page 9




MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD.  |  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2020  |  18

Category

Disclosure

Description

Page Reference and Remarks

GRI 401:

Employment

DMA

Management approach 

disclosures

Page 10 - 11

401-1

New employee hires and 

employee turnover

Page 10 

401-2

Benefits provided to

full-time employees that are 

not provided to temporary or 

part-time employees

Page 11

401-3

Parental leave

Page 11

GRI 403: 

Occupational  

Health and 

Safety

DMA

Management approach 

disclosures

Page 13 - 14

403-1

Occupational health and 

safety management system

Page 13 - 14

403-2

403-9

Hazard identification, risk 

assessment, and incident 

investigation

Work-related ill health

Page 13

GRI 404  

Training  

and Education

DMA

Management approach 

disclosures

Page 12

404-1

Average hours of training per 

year per employee 

Page 12

404-2

Programmes for upgrading 

employee skills and transition 

assistance programmes

Page 12

404-3

Percentage of employees 

receiving regular performance 

and career development 

reviews

Page 12

GRI 205 

Anti-Corruption

DMA

Management approach 

disclosures

Page 15, 

Refer to AR FY2020 – Corporate Governance

205-3

Confirmed incidents of 

corruption and actions taken

Page 15, 

Refer to AR FY2020 – Corporate Governance




















42E Penjuru Road, Mencast Central,

Singapore 609161

T +65 6268 4331

F +65 6264 4156

W www.mencast.com.sg

E ir@mencast.com.sg





