




























Sustainability Report

FY2018




MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2018

1 

About the Report 

1

2 

Statement from the Chairman 

2

3 

About the Group 

3

4 

Stakeholder Engagement 

5

5 

Materiality Assessment 

6

6 

Corporate Governance 

7

7 

Economic 

8

8 

Environmental 

11

9 

Social 

12

GRI Content Index 

19

Contents


1

This is the second Group Sustainability Report (“SR”) by Mencast Holdings Limited (“Mencast” or together 

with its subsidiaries, the “Group”). It covers the sustainability performance of our operations in Singapore 

from 1 January 2018 to 31 December 2018 (“FY2018”). Our report will provide a holistic view of the 

Group’s performance, while highlighting the Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) factors that 

we deem critical to our activities and developments. Subsequently, the report will be published on an 

annual basis in accordance with our SR policy and the SGX requirements. 

MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2018

Reporting Scope and Period

1

ABOUT THE 

REPORT

For the purpose of this report, we engaged an external sustainability consultant to collaborate with the SR 

Committee, led by Mr Sim Soon Ngee Glenndle, our Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(“CEO”). There were no changes in the composition of the committee since the first year of reporting. It 

comprises senior management of all subsidiaries to provide an oversight on the integration of 

sustainability practices into all aspects of the business. Additionally, the committee focuses in areas of 

formulating, implementing and reviewing the Group’s sustainable policies and practices, sustainability 

development programs and initiatives. Periodic reviews are done to ensure the effective implementation 

and engagement of the Group as a whole is in line with the Group’s strategic development. The SR 

Committee conducts an in-depth review on the contents of the report to determine its relevance to our 

business and ensure the interests of our stakeholders are addressed.

Reporting Process

This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option. They are the most 

widely adopted global standards for sustainability reporting, providing businesses and organisations 

worldwide the framework to measure, understand and communicate their critical sustainability issues on 

environmental, economic and social performance ability to stakeholders. The GRI content index and the 

relevant references are provided on pages 19 to 20.

Reporting Framework

As we are fully committed to listening to our stakeholders, we welcome feedback on any aspect of our 

sustainability policies, processes and performance. Kindly address all feedback to ir@mencast.com.sg. 

Your feedback is vital to us in achieving our goals to build a sustainable and thriving business.

Feedback


Dear Stakeholders, 

We are glad to have deepened our commitment 

towards the sustainable development of Mencast in 

the past year. In 2018, we have identified a number 

of new business opportunities that leverage our 

existing strengths in Maintenance, Repair and 

Overhaul (“MRO”), environmental remediation and 

the recycling of waste products. These businesses 

have a high sustainability component as they 

provide deep social, economic and environmental 

benefits to businesses and their stakeholders. It is 

of utmost importance that we secure long term 

initiatives to ensure prosperity of Mencast through 

building new business operations.

In the past year, we have also taken the necessary 

measures to ensure that our business partners, 

suppliers and subcontractors alike, are aligned 

with 

our 

sustainability 

concept. 

We 

source 

sustainably, to offer a suite of products that are 

cost-effective, superior and environmentally-friendly, 

whilst 

increasing 

competitiveness 

for 

the 

organisation.  We foresee greater efficiency, better 

communication 

and 

significant 

cost 

savings 

following the shift of our subsidiary, Mencast 

Marine Pte Ltd, to join our centralised operations. 

The move is scheduled to conclude in late 

3Q2019/4Q2019.

MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2018

2

2

STATEMENT

FROM THE CHAIRMAN

While advancing our business objectives, we also 

recognise corporate governance as the guiding 

principle of our sustainability practices. As part of 

Mencast’s 

corporate 

governance 

framework, 

various checks and balances are in place to ensure 

business integrity and responsible operations. The 

Group is vigilant on potential impacts and adopts a 

precautionary 

approach 

in 

identifying 

and 

assessing strategic, operational and commercial 

risks.

As part of the Group’s benchmarking efforts 

against the global best practices, Mencast plans to 

align its sustainability practices with the United 

Nations Sustainable Development Goals in 2019. 

These include achieving sustainable economic 

growth by having employment and decent work for 

all; encouraging sustainable industrialisation and 

innovation; promoting an inclusive workplace; 

addressing climate change and its impacts; as well 

as exploring opportunities for meaningful impact 

through business partnerships.

With utmost gratitude, 

 

Mr Sim Soon Ngee Glenndle

Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Mencast Holdings Limited




ENERGY SERVICES SEGMENT

MARINE SEGMENT





















ISO 9001























ISO 9001



ISO 14001



OHSAS 18001

Goals and Achievements

The Group aims to continuously seek business opportunities in line with our strategic growth and to 

deliver value to our customers and stakeholders as we continue to explore and expand our business 

operations. Within the industry, we have also upheld a reputation for quality and high standards in our 

operations, as well as excellence in our operations management. 

As a group and across our various subsidiaries, we have attained various awards and certifications such 

as the following:

MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2018

3







3

ABOUT

THE GROUP

OFFSHORE &amp; ENGINEERING SEGMENT


Membership of Associations 

Aspiring to widen our exposure to industry standards and collaborate within and beyond the industry to 

improve on current sustainable practices, Mencast and its subsidiaries have joined and taken active 

participation in the following industry associations: 

MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2018

4

The Group

• Singapore Business 

Federation

• Association of 

Singapore Marine 

Industries

• Singapore Chinese 

Chamber of 

Commerce &amp; Industry

• Young Presidents’ 

Organisation 

Singapore Chapter 

and International 

Chapter

• Singapore National 

Employers Federation

Offshore &amp; 

Engineering 

Segment

Marine 

Segment

Energy 

Services 

Segment

• IRATA International

• Dropped Objects 

Prevention Scheme 

(International)

• Lifting Equipment 

Engineers 

Association 

(International)

• Commercial Diving 

Association 

(Singapore)

• Association of Diving 

Contractors 

(International)

• International Marine 

Contractors 

Association ("IMCA")

• The American Society 

of Mechanical 

Engineers

• The National Board of 

Boiler and Pressure 

Vessel Inspectors

• Association of 

Process Industry

• Stichting 

Industriële 

Reiniging


As part of the business transformation process, the Group reviewed comparative studies in the region to 

identify and map stakeholders who influence, or are influenced by, Mencast and its operations. In identifying 

the key groups of stakeholders, we assessed the level of significance of the stakeholders’ interests in 

sustainability issues:

MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2018

5

4

STAKEHOLDER 

ENGAGEMENT

Employees

Business 

Partners

Community

Shareholders 

and Investors

Customers

Stakeholders

• Meetings

• Training and 

development

• Teambuilding 

activities

• Annual performance 

appraisals

• Long-service awards

• Annual dinners

• Department 

updates

• Training and career 

development 

opportunities

• Workplace safety 

and health

• Engaging and 

retaining 

employees

By adopting sound human 

resource policies and 

practices that promote fair 

treatment, safe working 

conditions, rewards and 

recognition for performance, 

work-life balance and career 

growth.

How we engage

Main concerns 

and expectations

How we respond

• Monitoring product 

sales

• Contacts to our 

customer service

• Feedback channels 

through email

• Product and service 

quality

• Group’s reputation 

in the market

By establishing policies for 

quality control and assurance 

that ensure our goods are of 

excellent quality and to 

promptly address customer 

complaints.

• Annual General 

Meeting

• Meetings with 

investors and sell 

side analysts

• Disclose material 

developments 

promptly

• Current financial 

performance and 

future business 

outlook

• Long term vision

• Strategic plans 

and business 

development

• Market trands and 

development

Mencast regards our 

shareholders and investors as 

partners in the creation of a 

sustainable business and society.

To facilitate deeper 

understanding of our company, 

Mencast provides information 

promptly and transparently on 

corporate and market 

developments, long term 

management strategies, the 

innovations we are adopting to 

boost competitiveness, and 

market trends and developments.

• Regular meetings

• Visits

• Emails

• Tender process

• Integrity and 

effectiveness of the 

tender process

• Workplace safety and 

health

• Energy-efficient 

fittings and products 

with Green labels

• Product and 

technology updates

• Performance reviews

By establishing policies and 

guidelines that ensure a fair 

selection and procurement 

process, and ethical business 

practices.

• Phone and email 

channels

• Volunteering 

activities

• Contribution to 

communities

• Business decisions’ 

impact on their 

environment

• Pollution (air, land, 

water)

By raising awareness through 

sustainable business practices 

and assessing the potential 

harmful impacts on the 

environment.


Following an extensive materiality assessment in FY2017, we conducted a Group-wide exercise during the 

year to review the relevance of our material topics, identify if there has been any shift in priorities among 

our stakeholders and examine any emerging areas of concern. The assessment was conducted according 

to GRI’s Standards’ Reporting Principles for defining report content and covered our operations in 

Singapore only. Our associates, regional businesses and minority stakes were not included in this 

exercise. We applied the materiality principle for defining report content based on a review of industry 

practices and global peers.

Material ESG Factors 

The SR Committee has identified the following material ESG factors for FY2018:

MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2018

6

5

MATERIALITY 

ASSESSMENT

Governance

Economic

ESG

Anti-Corruption

• No cases of corruption and whistle-blowing cases in 

FY2018

Top material topics for 

the Mencast Group

Key Highlights

Economic performance

Procurement practices

• S$88.1 million economic value generated

• S$80.0 million economic value distributed

• Procured 71% of the materials from local suppliers

• 91% of the total subcontractors’ costs outsourced to 

local subcontractors

Social

Employment

• Total employees - 551

• New hires:

• Male – 85%; Female – 15%

• Under 30 years old – 41%; between 30 to 50 years 

old – 48%; over 50 years old – 11%

Occupational health 

and safety

• Zero fatalities in FY2018

• 3 reportable injuries, 3 non-reportable injuries, 6 minor 

injuries

• 106 lost days

Training and education

• Clocked a total of 7,063 hours in training during FY2018

• Average number of training hours:

• Male - 12.3 hours; Female - 5.8 hours 

• Managerial – 15.8 hours; Non-Managerial – 11 hours

Environmental Environmental 

compliance

• Zero cases of non-compliance in FY2018

• No significant fines/non-monetary sanctions for 

non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations


The Group is committed to upholding the highest 

standard of corporate governance and we believe a 

high standard of corporate governance is integral in 

ensuring our business’ sustainability as well as 

safeguarding shareholders’ interests and maximising 

long-term shareholder value. This commitment is 

aligned with the Principles of the Code of Corporate 

Governance 2012. 

The promotion of effective and fair communication 

with the stakeholders is under the purview of our 

Executive Chairman and CEO. We fulfil our 

obligation 

to 

furnish 

timely 

information 

to 

shareholders and ensure full disclosure of 

material information to comply with statutory 

requirements and the Listing Manual of the 

SGX-ST. The Group firmly believes in high 

standards of transparent corporate disclosure, in 

line with the continuous obligations of the 

Company.

The Board and Management strongly believes that 

our quest for good governance lies in putting in 

place an effective risk management framework 

and internal controls that is in line with market 

standards and best practices. Having this in place 

will lead to increased levels of internal discipline, 

accountability and transparency.

There were no non-compliance incidents with 

relevant laws and regulations that resulted in 

significant fines and non-monetary sanctions. We 

will continue our commitment in achieving zero 

incidents of non-compliance with relevant laws and 

regulations. In addition, we will closely monitor the 

Internal Audit issues and ensure that internal 

controls for all processes are in place.

For detailed disclosure on the application of 

corporate governance practices with reference to 

the Code, please refer to the Corporate Governance 

section on pages 22 to 39 of the Group’s Annual 

Report FY2018. For any cases of deviation from the 

Code’s guidelines, an explanation has been provided 

within the Annual Report. 

MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2018

7

6

CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE

6.1 Anti-Corruption

The Group, with our significant workforce size and 

multiple partnerships across the value chain, has 

several areas that can render us vulnerable to 

corruption. Our stakeholders have recognised this 

during 

our 

materiality 

assessment, 

thus 

highlighted anti-corruption as a critical factor to 

the Group. We would like to reaffirm our strong 

stance that we have zero tolerance towards 

unethical acts in totality.

A whistle-blowing policy and other procedures 

have been put in place to provide the Group’s 

employees and external parties, who have dealings 

with the Group, accessible and trusted channels to 

report suspected fraud, corruption, dishonest acts 

or other improprieties in the workplace. As at the 

end of FY2018, there has been no report received 

through any whistle-blowing channels.

Moving forward, the Group will continue with our 

zero tolerance for misconducts and will strive to 

maintain the current status of zero cases through 

our various preventive methods which are already 

in place.


7.1 Economic Performance 

Financial Highlights

The Group recorded revenue of S$75.5 million (FY2017: S$51.7 million) for the financial year ended 31 

December 2018 (“FY2018”) and our Net loss for FY2018 has narrowed sharply, down by 92% to S$6.6 

million (FY2017: S$80.7 million).

Presented below are the key financial highlights extracted from page 8 of Mencast’s Annual Report 

FY2018. For the Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements, please refer to pages 47 to 52 of the Group’s 

Annual Report FY2018.  

In order to restore confidence amongst our investors and other stakeholders, we did our best to improve 

our internal efficiency and effectiveness in our existing business and also, to leverage on our existing 

strengths for new business opportunities. As a result, we had a healthy growth in our revenue and 

improved our overall financial performance. This was mainly due to a positive outlook in the Oil &amp; Gas 

industry, as well as a maiden contribution of S$12.2 million from our new dredging and reclamation 

business.

MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2018

8

7

ECONOMIC

GROUP REVENUE

(S$’MILLION)

NET PROFIT/(LOSS)

(S$’MILLION)

0

30

60

90

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

120

150

-100

-80

-60

-40

-20

0

20

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018


Direct Economic Value Generated and Distributed

The following table provides an overview of our economic value generated and distributed in FY2018 

based on GRI’s disclosure categories:

FY2018 

S$’000

Total economic value generated 

88,080

Operating costs 

44,413

Employees compensation and benefits 

23,714 1

Payment to providers of capital 

9,946

Payment to government 

1,830

Community Investments 

67

Total Economic Value Distributed 

79,970

Net Economic Value Retained 

8,110

MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2018

9

1 Figure consists of Employee wages and Employee benefits that amount to S$22,698,000 and S$1,016,000 respectively.


Sustainability Report FY2017   |   10

Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) contributions

The Group makes monthly contributions to the 

employees’ compulsory saving scheme mandated 

by the Singapore government. The fund is a social 

security system that tackles our employees’ 

financial concerns regarding healthcare, home 

ownership, 

family 

protection 

and 

asset 

enhancement. We view this as a good opportunity 

to reward our employees and relieve them from the 

burden of personal finances. In FY2018, we made a 

total contribution of approximately S$1.2 million to 

all our employees. Refer to the following table for 

the CPF contribution rates for respective age 

groups:

Employee age 

CPF contribution by employer

Up to 55 years old 

17%

55 to 60 years old 

13%

60 to 65 years old 

9%

Above 65 years old 

7.5%

MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2018

10

2 Salary support is capped at 90% of a participant’s salary, and up to S$6,000 per month for the duration of training, subject to 

fulfilment of grant criteria.

Financial Assistance Received from Government

In conjunction with multiple government agencies 

such as Ministry of Manpower (“MOM”) and 

Workforce Singapore (“WSG”), Mencast is assisting 

our local Professionals, Managers, Executives and 

Technicians (“PMET”) for redeployment purposes. 

Since 2017, we have been sending employees to 

attend the Professional Conversion Programme 

(“PCP”) as part of our phase-in approach to shift 

resources to our new business stream – hazardous 

waste management. Across the Group, the 

government has subsidised a total of S$1,417,000 

in FY2018, with WSG co-funding up to 90%2 of the 

employees’ salaries and course fees. We are 

currently working with WSG, to leverage the 

Singapore National Employer Federation Grant, for 

one of our future transition programs scheduled to 

take place next year. 

7.2 Procurement Practices

The Group firmly believes that the suppliers and subcontractors we engage are critical to creating positive 

economic impact, thus enhancing stakeholder’s return. In this respect, the Group maintains a rigorous 

selection process in vendors selection, which are based on the past track records and adherence to 

occupational health and safety standards. 

As we consider sustainability as one of the key factors in selecting a supplier, we evaluate the potential 

candidates based on their sustainability performance and practices. Often, there would be a collaboration 

with business partners and suppliers to redesign our product offerings to reduce the negative impact on 

the environment in this area. For the purpose of this disclosure, we took into account the entities located 

in Singapore as the “significant locations of operations”.

Purchases from local material suppliers accounted for approximately 71% (FY2017: 90%) of the total 

purchases in FY2018. The remaining raw materials were procured from overseas suppliers as they were 

not available locally. The Group also engaged subcontractors for selected processes and the outsourced 

amount to local subcontractors made up 91% (FY2017: 73%) of the total outsourced amount in FY2018, 

which the subcontractors in Philippines play a significant part in.

Currently, the use of foreign subcontractors and import purchase is kept to a minimum, and we remain 

fully committed to continue procuring responsibly while generating positive economic and social benefit 

for the local community we operate in.


To address global issues of resource scarcity and a 

changing climate, we recognise the importance of 

integrating environmental considerations into the 

Group’s business decisions. We are committed to 

understanding, managing and minimising our 

environmental footprint across our value chain, 

including our business operations, suppliers and 

customers. We will continue to strengthen our 

expertise in the areas of environmental programs 

and be selective about the strategic initiatives that 

will yield a greater positive impact in the future. 

Obtaining the ISO 140013 certification has 

enabled us to improve resource efficiency, 

provide assurance that environmental impact is 

being measured and manage all environmental 

obligations with consistency. In line with our 

sustainability practices, our environmental efforts 

are largely focused on maximising our resource 

utilisation to reduce wastage and redundancy 

during the manufacturing processes. 

Additionally, as the world becomes increasingly 

informed about energy consumption and its 

negative impact on the environment, our Energy 

Services segment has been gaining recognition in 

recent years. It comprises the following:

• Oil sludge and slop reclamation;

• Hydro cleaning oil and gas tanks;

• Encapsulation of wastes prior to landfill 

disposal;

• Design and launch carbon footprint 

management initiatives; and

• Other green initiatives.

In order to address the challenges of climate 

change, we recognise that innovation is critical. 

We will continue to explore new business models, 

products and services and undertake research 

and development that focus on environmental 

remediation, recycling of waste products and 

digitalisation.

8.1 Environmental Compliance

We believe that adhering to our Group’s codes, 

policies and procedures and applicable laws and 

regulations is critical as they underpin our 

stakeholders’ trust and our license to operate. We 

have zero tolerance for non-compliance and 

encourage our stakeholders to report any incidents 

via our established whistle-blowing channels. In 

the course of 2018, the Group had zero incidents of 

non-compliance 

with 

environmental 

and 

socio-economic regulations and did not receive any 

judicial penalties for environmental issues. It is of 

our utmost importance that we maintain this 

unblemished record.

Supplementary Environment Protection Measures

Our most material environmental impacts are 

caused by the use of electricity and water at our 

manufacturing plants and in our offices. We are 

highly aware of the impact of our business on the 

world’s carbon footprint, hence we are continuously 

striving to be more environmentally-friendly by 

promoting awareness to our workers and office 

employees. 

In order to facilitate the protection measures for 

the environment, we assigned an environmental 

expert to be in charge of the environment-related 

matters. During the Workplace Safety and Health 

(“WSH”) committee meeting held every month, 

the representative assesses the potential 

environmental impacts resulting from current and 

future operations to complement the business 

decision-making processes.

MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2018

11

8

ENVIRONMENTAL

3 It is the international standard that specifies requirements for an effective Environmental Management System (“EMS”). It 

provides a framework that an organization can follow, rather than establishing environmental performance requirements.


We believe a low turnover improves the sustainability of operations and allows us to contribute positively 

to the development of social and human capital in a wider committee. Despite market conditions, we will 

strive to minimise attrition rate and retain talents as best as possible. Employment headcount for 

high-skilled positions remains consistent, with only one key management personnel resigned.

Going forward, the Group aims to continually refine our hiring strategy and continue to commit to fair 

employment practices by offering equal opportunities to all. 

MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2018

12

9.1 Employment

We strive to be an employer of choice, by 

recognising the contributions of each employee, 

and providing opportunities for staff to grow 

beyond their abilities. We wish for them to 

maximise their potential and look beyond this cycle 

to seek opportunities that will position them for 

success in their careers. Additionally, we are also 

focussed on building a talent pool with deep 

knowledge of regional and global markets to 

support our growth and expansion. Preparing the 

next generation of leaders as part of succession 

planning is important to Mencast’s long-term 

progress and competitiveness as well.

As part of our commitment to developing talent, we 

strive to create an open and trusting work 

environment characterised by equal opportunity, 

as well as a diverse, inclusive, collaborative and 

learning culture. We provide equal opportunities to 

all employees without discrimination. 

9

SOCIAL

As of 31 December 2018, we have a total of 551 

employees. In FY2018, there were 112 new hires, 

and 106 employees left the Group. 

New Hires and Resignations

We value the importance of diversity among our 

workforce, hence, we hire from a mixture of 

different genders and age groups, to enhance 

creativity and innovation and provide for a balanced 

demographic to contribute to an ideal diversity in 

the organization’s culture. Of our 112 new hires in 

FY2018, we had a gender ratio of 15% females to 

85% males. Out of the total new hires, there is an 

equal distribution of various age groups, with 41% 

of the employees under 30 years old; 48% between 

30 and 50 years old; and 11% above 50 years old.

NEW HIRES BY 

GENDER

NEW HIRES BY 

AGE GROUP

EMPLOYEE TURNOVER 

BY GENDER

EMPLOYEE TURNOVER BY 

AGE GROUP

Male

Female

Male

Female

Under 30 

years old

30 - 50 

years old

Over 50 

years old

Under 30 

years old

30 - 50 

years old

Over 50 

years old


Employee Benefits

We recognise employee satisfaction as a significant part of our talent retention scheme. Each of our 

employees is entitled to a set of attractive benefits including but not limited to:

Benefits 

Descriptions

Life insurance 

In the event that our employee becomes critically ill or 

permanently disabled, their loved ones will receive a sum of 

money to provide them with financial protection and 

coverage against risks.

Medical insurance 

Employees are reimbursed for outpatient treatments, 

surgery or hospitalisation expenses covered under medical 

insurance.

Disability insurance 

Our employees are covered under personal accident 

insurance and work-related injury. For instance, the 

organisation will reimburse any rehabilitation costs or 

monthly pay-outs for each case of disability.

Parental leave 

Both female and male employees are entitled to maternity 

leave and paternity leave when applicable. We provide other 

leave benefits catering to our employees’ children during 

the stages of infant care and child care.

Retirement provision 

For employees qualified for pension approaching the retirement 

age, the government will provide them with monthly cash 

pay-outs of their CPF contributions.

Workers dormitory and canteen 

Workers are granted dormitory accommodation, coupled 

with basic necessities such as proper sanitation and water.

The Group is periodically reviewing and enhancing our resource policies and practices to provide a fair 

and safe workplace for our employees. In line with our Group’s core values of teamwork, we strive to 

promote a safe and conducive workplace for our people to perform efficiently and effectively.

Parental Leave 

The Group adopts welfare practices and strives to build a family-friendly workplace culture by 

implementing family-friendly working policies. It does not only create a healthier work-life balance, but 

also drives productivity, reduces absenteeism, attracts new staff and helps retain current staff. 

In FY2018, the Group had a return-to-work rate of 100%. Out of the 8 female employees and 15 male 

employees who have taken parental leave, all of them have resumed work with our Group thereafter. In the 

past 12 months, 50% and 93% of these female and male employees respectively have remained employees 

of the Group for more than a year. The remaining percentages left the Group for personal reasons.

The Group will continually work towards building a pro-parent workplace through enhancing our Group 

welfare practices and culture. 

MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2018

13


Employee Volunteerism

Volunteering has a positive effect on our community as well as helping to build a strong culture of 

contribution. In September 2018, 41 of our employees held activities for a total of 75 beneficiaries at Chen 

Su Lan Methodist Children’s Home. The 3-hour session included activities such as the Interactive Magic 

Show and a Balloon Sculpturing Workshop. 

MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2018

14








9.2 Training and Education

Today’s readily changing business environment 

calls for a competitive workforce attuned to the 

latest developments in skills and manufacturing 

capabilities. Investing in employee learning and 

development 

helps 

build 

a 

resilient 

and 

future-ready workforce, which will in turn provide a 

competitive edge for Mencast’s future growth and 

success. Our employees acquire skills and 

expertise which will distinguish them from the 

market through opportunities provided by us and 

our industry partner networks.

All new employees are required to attend our 

on-boarding program, which aims to integrate new 

hires into our organisation seamlessly.

MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2018

15

Training Programs and Hours

In 2018, Mencast clocked a total of 7,063 hours in 

the area of employee skills upgrading, inclusive of 

all training programs4. These training sessions 

mainly educate the employees on the technical 

skills and safety across different modes of 

operations, such as:

• Propeller Design, Manufacturer and Repair;

• Foundry Works and Casting;

• Programming and Operating of CNC machines;

• Commercial Air Diver Technician Training; and

• Underwater Welding Training.

We have been consistent with these routine 

courses in the past years as they have proven to 

value-add to our employees’ knowledge and skills 

on corresponding topics, and provide ample 

hands-on training. 



4 Training hours do not include on-site coaching by supervisors.


MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2018

16

Annual Performance Appraisals

Mencast advocates an open, two-way performance appraisal exercise between supervisors and 

employees. We strive to provide maximum assistane in the professional and personal development of the 

individuals, and at the same time ensure the development of the organisation as a competitive employer 

of choice. Goal-oriented performance appraisals also help employees to take responsibility for their own 

development in the areas of professional skills and expertise. The performance and review process 

allows 100% of our employees to evaluate their year-long performance.

























Management of Hazardous Waste 

Treatment Facilities

Quality Assurance and Control of 

Hazardous Waste Treatment

Hazardous Waste Treatment 

Specialist

We invest heavily in skills training, education and development of our people. Mencast plays an important 

role to ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all 

demographic categories.

Skills and Transition Programs

We embarked on the PCP in 2017, to aid in redeployment of employees into new job roles, by acquiring 

new skills to perform their role through a structured training programme. Following the 60 employees 

who attended the course in 2017, there were an additional 8 employees who underwent the conversion 

training in 2018.  Our employees are currently in the midst of a six-month training programme tailored to 

their new job roles, comprising facilitated classroom sessions and structured On-the-Job Training 

(“OJT”). 

The courses as below:




9.3 Occupational Health and Safety

Whilst 

keeping 

our 

strength 

of 

superior 

technical ability close at heart, we take pride in 

building a safe, conducive and healthy workplace 

as our commitment to developing our people. 

Being a largely labour-intensive Group, we 

regard workplace safety with utmost importance 

and recognise our duty of care to account for the 

safety and health of each of our employees, 

especially paying attention to highest risk 

occupational disease, namely decompression 

sickness. We are constantly striving to build a 

safe and conducive workplace by ensuring that 

our Group complies with all relevant safety and 

environmental legislation, with the aim of 

minimizing the likelihood and impact of any 

possible hazardous occurrence.  

Safety Committee

To facilitate the physical supervision of the 

workplace safety and the relaying of Workplace 

Safety and Health (“WSH”) related messages, 

each individual subsidiary has established its own 

Health, 

Safety 

and 

Environment 

(“HSE”) 

Committee. The HSE Committees are headed by a 

chairman appointed by the director, typically a 

senior 

personnel 

from 

the 

Operations 

or 

Production 

department. 

They 

oversee 

the 

subsidiaries’ operations to ensure that safety 

standards are upheld at all times and also up to 

industry leading practices. 

MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2018

17

The Committee conducts regular and surprise 

inspections on their workers’ workplace safety. 

In addition, the role and responsibilities of the 

HSE Committee includes reviewing, effectively 

implementing and reinforcing safety standards 

and regulations to ensure all areas of safety are 

adequately covered. Committee meetings are 

conducted minimally once a month to review safety 

inspection results, ensure corrective actions are 

taken promptly, as well as coordinate and organise 

HSE campaigns. We also constantly seek feedback 

from non-committee members regarding areas of 

improvement and all relevant HSE matters. We 

estimate nearly 100%5 of the workforce are 

represented well as they have the right to participate 

fully in the establishment and implementation of 

occupational health and safety policies, 

procedures, investigations and risk assessments.

Prior 

to 

2018, 

there 

was 

limited 

official 

representation of non-managerial members, as 

such it was difficult to channel feedback and further 

improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the 

committee. Currently, the proportion of managerial to 

non-managerial 

staff 

in 

the 

committee 

is 

approximately half, with the requirement that the 

number of non-managerial members exceed that 

of managerial members. Going forward, we will 

continue to maintain the ideal proportion and 

better facilitate workplace safety with a less 

hierarchical organisation. 

5 There are no representatives from the Finance department, they would have to indirectly inform other departments to 

represent them in the committee in any case of feedback.


Total Workplace Safety and Health at our Facilities

As with our commitment to the safety and health of our people, we are continually striving to reduce the 

likelihood and impact of accidents and keeping our injury rates as close as to zero.

To briefly illustrate the scope of the incidents, the Group has categorised our incidents according to the 

severity of the accident. All incidents, regardless of extent, are reported to the HSE Committee with a 

report on the details of the incident. Please refer to the following for the respective number of incidents 

for FY2018.

Incident type 

Number of Incidents

Fatalities 

0

Reportable injuries6 

3

Non-reportable injuries 

3

Minor injuries (first-aid level) 

6

Occupational diseases 

0

There was approximately an aggregate of 1,320,000 working hours7 during FY2018. Our Group had a 

workplace injury frequency rate of 9.098, considering all minor injuries and others included in the table 

above. We had a total of 106 lost days9 due to these accidents, resulting in a workplace injury severity rate 

of 80.310. 

With everyone’s full co-operation, the Group managed to achieve zero occupational injury and disease and 

zero serious injury or death in FY2018. All injured employees have been sent for proper medical treatment 

immediately and have returned to work without sustaining any permanent disabilities. For each of these 

injuries reported, the Group Quality, Health &amp; Safety, Environmental (“QHSE”) Manager prepares an 

Investigation report, consisting of mainly the details of the accident, and a corrective action plan to 

minimise the likelihood of similar accidents occurring again. Additionally, we ensure that our employees 

attend medical consultations for early detection. These medical consultations include:

• Audiometry tests for employees exposed to excessive noise hazards; and

• Medical examinations for employees exposed to oil and tar.

Risk of Occupational Diseases

As a Group, we assessed the risk of specific occupational injuries and diseases that may occur due to 

workplace conditions. After extensive research and feedback from our employees, we consider the 

following diseases as high-risk, coupled with the methods we undertake to combat these risks:

• Decompression illness or Barotrauma11 - Adherence to accepted diving safety standards and dive 

exposure tables; and

• Chemical Exposure – Provision of Personal Protective Equipment (“PPE”) and annual medical 

examinations.

Fortunately, we have not encountered any cases of occupational diseases due to the full co-operation of 

all employees and workers. We will continue to strive for zero occupational diseases by enforcing 

mandatory safety policies and procedures, advocating a proactive approach; the idea of employees taking 

responsibility for their own safety and health.

MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2018

18

6 The Singapore authority, Ministry of Manpower, has mandated organisations to report work-related accidents, workplace 

accidents, dangerous occurrences and occupational diseases within 10 days of an accident or diagnosis. Refer to the relevant 

legislation “Workplace Safety and Health (Incident Reporting) Regulations” and “ Work Injury Compensation Regulations” for 

a comprehensive list of injuries to be reported.

7 These working hours include that of the management, admin staff as well as workshop personnel.

8 Workplace Injury Frequency rate is calculated by the number of new cases of injury during the calendar year divided by the 

total number of hours worked by workers in the reference group during the year, multiplied by 1,000,000.

9 Lost days indicate scheduled workdays, and we standardized the count to commence the day after the accident. 

10 Severity rate is calculated as the days lost as a result of new cases during the calendar year divided by the total amount of 

hours worked by workers in reference group during the calendar year, multiplied by 1,000,000.

11 Barotrauma refers to medical problems that arise from the effects of water pressure when a scuba diver is beneath the 

surface, for example, if one fails to expel air from his/her lungs during ascent, it will cause damage to one’s body.


GRI Content Index

Category

Disclosure

Description

Page Reference and Remarks

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures

102-1 *

Name of the organization

Cover Page of Annual Report FY2018

102-2 *

Activities, brands, 

products, and services

Page 1 of Annual Report FY2018

102-3 *

Location of headquarters

Page 1 of Annual Report FY2018

102-4 *

Location of operations

Page 97 of Annual Report FY2018

Pages 87 to 89 of Annual Report FY2018

102-5 *

Ownership and legal form

Pages 87 to 89 of Annual Report FY2018

102-6 *

Markets served

Page 122 of Annual Report FY2018

102-7 *

Scale of the organization

Page 9 of Annual Report FY2018

Page 12 of Sustainability Report

102-8 *

Information on employees 

and other workers

Page 12 of Sustainability Report

102-9 *

Supply chain

Page 10 of Sustainability Report

102-10 *

Significant changes to 

the organisation and its 

supply chain

None

102-11 *

Precautionary Principle or 

approach

Page 2 of Sustainability Report

102-12 *

External initiatives

Pages 3 and 4 of Sustainability Report

102-13 *

Membership of 

associations

Page 4 of Sustainability Report

GRI 102: Strategy

102-14 *

Statement from senior 

decision-maker

Page 2 of Sustainability Report

GRI 102: Ethics and 

Integrity

102-16 *

Values, principles, 

standards, and norms of 

behaviour

Page 3 of Annual Report FY2018

GRI 102: Governance

102-18 *

Governance structure

Pages 12 to 15 of Annual Report FY2018

Page 1 of Sustainability Report

GRI 102: Stakeholder 

Engagement

102-40 *

List of stakeholder groups

Page 5 of Sustainability Report

102-41 *

Collective bargaining 

agreements

None

102-42 *

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders

Page 5 of Sustainability Report

102-43 *

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement

Page 5 of Sustainability Report

102-44 *

Key topics and concerns 

raised

Page 6 of Sustainability Report

GRI 102: Reporting 

Practice

102-45 *

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements

Pages 87 to 89 of Annual Report FY2018

102-46 *

Defining report content 

and topic Boundaries

Page 1 of Sustainability Report

102-47 *

List of material topics

Page 6 of Sustainability Report

102-48 *

Restatements of 

information

None

102-49 *

Changes in reporting

None

102-50 *

Reporting period

FY2018 (1 January 2018- 31 December 2018)

102-51 *

Date of most recent report

Published the FY2017 Sustainability Report on 

21 Dec 2018

19


Category

Disclosure

Description

Page Reference and Remarks

102-52 *

Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53 *

Contact point for 

questions regarding the 

report

Page 1 of Sustainability Report

102-54 *

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with the GRI 

Standards

Core options (33 items)

102-55 *

GRI content index

Pages 19 to 20 of Sustainability Report

102-56 *

External Assurance

None

GRI 201: Economic 

Performance

201-1

Direct economic value 

generated and distributed

Page 9 of Sustainability Report 

201-3

Defined benefit plan 

obligations and other 

retirement plans

Pages 10 and 13 of Sustainability Report 

201-4

Financial assistance 

received from government

Page 10 of Sustainability Report 

GRI 204: 

Procurement 

Practices

204-1

Proportion of spending on 

local suppliers

Page 10 of Sustainability Report

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations

Page 11 of Sustainability Report

GRI 401: Employment 401-1

New employee hires and 

employee turnover 

Page 12 of Sustainability Report

401-2

Benefits provided to full-

time employees that are 

not provided to temporary 

or part-time employees

Page 13 of Sustainability Report

401-3

Parental leave

Page 13 of Sustainability Report

GRI 403: 

Occupational Health 

and Safety

403-1

Workers representation in 

formal joint Management–

Worker Health and Safety 

Committees

Page 17 of Sustainability Report

403-2

Types of injury and rate of 

injury

Page 18 of Sustainability Report

403-3

Workers with high 

incidence or high risk of 

diseases related to their 

occupation

Page 18 of Sustainability Report

GRI 404: Training and 

Education

404-1

Average hours of training 

per year per employee

Pages 6 and 15 of Sustainability Report

404-2

Programs for upgrading 

employee skills and 

transition assistance 

programs

Page 16 of Sustainability Report

20






42E Penjuru Road, Mencast Central,

Singapore 609161

T +65 6268 4331

F +65 6264 4156

W www.mencast.com.sg

E ir@mencast.com.sg























