
Sustainability Report

FY2019






MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    •    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2019

C O N T E N T S

ABOUT THE REPORT 

1

FEEDBACK 

1

BOARD STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY 

2

ABOUT THE GROUP 

3

GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE 

4

STRATEGIC APPROACH FOR SUSTAINABILITY 

4

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

5

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

6

PROCUREMENT PRACTICES 

7

ENERGY 

7

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

8

FAIR EMPLOYMENT 

9

TRAINING &amp; DEVELOPMENT 

12

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH &amp; SAFETY 

13

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

15

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX 

16


MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    •    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2019

1

ABOUT THE REPORT

FEEDBACK

We are fully committed to our stakeholders and we welcome feedback on any aspect of our sustainability policies, 

processes and performance. Kindly address all feedback to ir@mencast.com.sg. Your feedback is vital to us in achieving our 

goals to build a sustainable and thriving business. As an attempt to promote environmental conservation, there will be no 

hard copies of this report. 

Independent Assurance

The ESG performance data presented 

in the report have mainly been 

extracted from internal information 

systems and original records to ensure 

accuracy. The Group has not sought 

external assurance for this sustainability 

report but have relied on internal 

verification to ensure the accuracy of data.

Reporting Period &amp; Standard

The reporting period is the same as that of 

the financial year of the Group (1 January 

2019 to 31 December 2019 – FY2019). This 

report was prepared in accordance with 

the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) 

Standards 

– 

“Core” 

reporting 

requirements. The GRI Standards is the 

most widely used and internationally 

accepted sustainability reporting framework. 

A GRI Index at the end of the report specifies 

the location of the relevant disclosures.

Reporting Boundary 

As 

a 

guide, 

this 

report 

covers 

operations and all subsidiaries for 

which 

Mencast 

Holdings 

Limited 

(“Mencast” 

or 

together 

with 

its 

subsidiaries, 

the 

“Group”) 

has 

management control, unless otherwise 

stated. It seeks to provide an overview 

of 

our 

sustainability 

practices, 

commitment, and performance of the 

Group’s material Environmental, Social 

and Governance (“ESG”) topics. 




MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    •    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2019

2

Mencast Holdings Limited (“Mencast” or together with its 

subsidiaries, the “Group”) is pleased to issue its third 

sustainability report prepared in accordance with the GRI 

Standards and in compliance with the SGX-ST guidelines on 

sustainability reporting. 

The Group endeavours and is committed to continually 

consider material environmental, social and governance 

topics as part of our core business strategy. The report 

seeks to present an accurate and even account of our 

practices and performance in our quest to be a sustainable, 

responsible corporate citizen.

The Board of Directors (“Board”) and senior management 

(“Management”) remains committed to establish and 

maintain 

an 

effective 

Sustainability 

Management 

framework, which is supported by underlying internal 

controls, risk management practices, clear accountability 

and reporting process. The Board evaluates and considers 

ESG risks and opportunities relevant to the Group during 

the formulation of overall business strategy, objectives and 

performance measurements. 

BOARD STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY 

The Sustainability Reporting (“SR”) Committee supports the 

Management in identifying the type of relevant ESG topics 

caused by its day-to-day operations. Management then 

determines the materiality of the ESG topics based on the 

level of significance of impact, and influence on stakeholder 

values, and the achievement of the Group’s strategic 

objectives. The Board supports and approves the 

identification and assessment parameters of material ESG 

topics. 

The ESG topics in this report reviewed by the Board and 

Management is assessed to be material and relevant. The 

Board and Management shall continue to dedicate 

leadership and maintain a high standard of sustainability 

governance to drive continuous and long-term growth for 

all its stakeholders. The Group will continue to work 

towards a balanced disclosure on the management and 

monitoring the material ESG topics for continual 

improvement.


MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    •    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2019

3

ABOUT THE GROUP

Mencast Holdings Ltd and its subsidiaries ("Mencast" or the "Group") is a regional Engineering and Maintenance, Repair 

and Overhaul ("MRO") solutions provider. We also have growing business in waste remediation, recycling and 

manufactured products.

Headquartered in Singapore, the Group was successfully listed in June 2008 as the first sponsor-approved listing on 

Singapore's SGX Catalist and later became the first such company to transfer to the SGX Mainboard. From its 

establishment in 1981, the Group has grown into a leader in the manufacture and repair of propellers and stern gear 

equipment and has built on its core competencies to steadily expand business into new areas. 

Mencast constantly innovates to create customer value and drive sustainable business growth. In 2017, Mencast Innovation 

Centre Pte. Ltd. ("MIC") was established as an incubator that provides mentorship, facilities and networking opportunities 

for growth companies synergistic with our Group. Mencast will continue to seek technology driven growth opportunities in 

MRO, environmental remediation, manufacturing and the recycling of waste products. 

Awards &amp; Certification 

The Group aims to continuously seek business opportunities in line with our strategic growth and to deliver value to our 

customers and stakeholders as we continue to explore and expand our business operations. Within the industry, the Group 

have upheld a reputation for quality and high standards in our operations, as well as excellence in our operations management. 

In FY2019, we have attained, as well as continue to maintain various awards and certifications, such as the following:

• 

ISO 9001 Certification – Quality Management Systems

• 

ISO 14001 Certification – Environmental Management System

• 

OHSAS 18001 Certification – Occupational Health &amp; Safety

FOUR (4) 

SERVICE PRINCIPLES

 

1. 

We work hard to retain our technical expertise

 

Customers partner with Mencast for the high standards we set 

ourselves. We are continuously learning, sharpening our skills and 

striving to improve ourselves to be the best possible partner to our 

customers.

2. 

We always seek solutions

 

At Mencast, we are determined to find a solution to your problem. Our 

flexibility, resourcefulness, and innovation approach equips us to 

anticipate, avoid and overcome any obstacles you might face.

3. 

We look out for one another

 

We believe in the value of teamwork and think of our Mencast team as 

a family; someone we can count on and trust. Not just when things go 

wrong but to share our successes too.

4. 

We focus on developing and maintaining long-term customer 

relationships

 

We consider our customers to be our partners not just today, but in 

the long run. We place our customers at the forefront of our business 

and make sure that our industry relationships and commercial 

acumen inform our service and capabilities.

SIX (6)

 PILLARS OF STRENGTH

 

Commercially Minded / 

Corporate Ethos

 

Full Engagement

 

Responsiveness/Speed

 

Superior Technical Ability

 

Resourceful/Solution 

Oriented/Dependability

 

Environmental Championship


MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    •    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2019

4

1. Please refer to Financial Statements of the Annual Report 2019 (“AR2019”).

2. Please refer to the Corporate Governance section of the AR2019.

GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE

Sustainability is integrated into our business and embedded across various roles and functions. The SR Committee, chaired 

by Mr Sim Soon Ngee Glenndle, our Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), comprises senior 

management of all businesses to provide an oversight on the integration of sustainability practices into all aspects of the 

business. The Board maintains overall responsibility and ensure that sustainability matters are considered as part of 

business strategy. There were no changes in the composition of the Committee since the first year of reporting. 

The Committee focuses in formulating, implementing and reviewing the Group’s sustainable policies and practices, 

sustainability development programs and initiatives. Periodic reviews are carried out at both the Committee and business 

department level to ensure the effective implementation and that initiatives remain in line with the Group’s strategic 

development.

STRATEGIC APPROACH FOR SUSTAINABILITY

Mencast firmly believes that while our businesses are driven by earnings, what we do must also have a positive impact on 

environment, employees and all other stakeholders in our value chain. In FY2019, with the help of an Independent External 

Consultant (“Consultant”), the Group reviewed and defined our approach to sustainability management. We have reviewed 

the four main aspects and existing non-financial topics for FY2019 reporting disclosure. The Management concluded that 

these topics remain material to the sustainability of our economic performance and business operations. As proposed by 

the Consultant, the Management incorporated two new topics for disclosure – Anti-Corruption and Energy (See Exhibit 1).

Exhibit 1. An Overview of Our Approach to Sustainability Management

Three main aspects 

towards sustainability of 

our economic 

performance and 

business operations

Supported by a 

systematic &amp; interactive 

process to identify, 

categorise and prioritise 

material ESG topics

Economic Performance 1

Procurement Practices

Our Materiality Assessment Process

Environmental 

Management

Energy

Organisational &amp; 

Relationship Management

Employment

Environmental 

Compliance

Training &amp; 

Development

Supplier Environmental 

Assessment

Occupational Health 

&amp; Safety

Corporate Governance 

&amp; Risk Management2

Anti-Corruption

Identify

Define a list of potential 

material ESG topics

Categorise

Refine the list of topics by 

clustering them into 

categories

Prioritise

Engage SR Committee for 

feedback and validation of 

each topics based on 

importance to internal and 

external stakeholders


MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    •    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2019

5

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Mencast recognises that knowing and understanding the demands and concerns of stakeholders is key to sustainable 

growth and that regular engagement with stakeholders helps us to understand and establish material areas of focus. The 

Group operates and maintains diverse communication channels and platforms to listen to stakeholders’ requirements and 

opinions.

Our stakeholders are those who have a considerable influence on our business, and whom our business has a significant 

impact on. In FY2019, the SR Committee with the support of our Consultant has reviewed and ascertained that employees, 

bankers, customers, shareholders and investors and business partners remained as our key stakeholder groups (See 

Exhibit 2). 

Exhibit 2. Our Key Stakeholder Groups

Membership of Associations

Aspiring to widen our exposure to industry standards and collaborate within and beyond the industry to improve on current 

sustainable practices, Mencast and its subsidiaries have joined and taken active participation in the following industry 

associations:

• 

Singapore Business Federation

• 

Association of Singapore Marine Industries 

• 

Singapore Chinese Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry

• 

Commercial Diving Association (Singapore)

• 

Association of Diving Contractors (International)

• 

Industrial Rope Access Trade Association

• 

International Marine Contractors Association

Employees

We recognise that our employees are 

fundamental to the Group’s productivity 

and continuity. We aim to nurture them 

well to increase their engagement and 

contribution to the Group.

Customers

We strive to maximise our customers 

satisfaction, which reflects sales and 

revenue. We ensure that we understand our 

customers’ needs and expectations and we 

aim to build long lasting relationships with 

our customers so that they are likely to 

engage our services again.

Shareholders and Investors

We aim to maintain profitability in our 

Group 

and 

maximise 

shareholders’ 

return. We also strive to maintain 

corporate governance and improve level 

of transparency through reporting and 

communication.

Business Partners

We work closely with our business 

partners / subcontractors to ensure that 

all our operations that were carried out 

are in line with our sustainability efforts 

and industry practices.

Community 

We work closely with our community and 

remain fully committed to continue 

procuring responsibly while generating 

positive economic and social benefits for 

the local community we operate in.


MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    •    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2019

6

The material ESG topics were also reviewed by the Board and determined as being relevant.  Moving forward, to keep 

abreast of critical issues, the SR Committee, supporting the Board in its oversight, will continue to review annually material 

ESG topics against the changing business environment, stakeholder opinions, and emerging global and local trends.

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

Materiality with respect to sustainability reporting, as defined by GRI Standards, includes topics and indicators that reflect 

the organisation’s significant economic, environmental, and social impacts; and would substantively influence the 

assessments and decisions of stakeholders.

Guided by our Consultant and having considered the topics of concerns and expectation of identified key stakeholders, the 

SR Committee, together with the Management, have assessed and prioritised the material topics to focus on for the Group, 

as well as targets and commitments.

OUR TARGETS AND COMMITMENTS 

Financial Performance

Procurement Practices 

• 

 To improve our internal efficiency and effectiveness in our existing business 

and also, to leverage on our existing strengths for new business opportunities.

• 

 Continue to collaborate with right business partners and suppliers to redesign 

our product offerings to reduce negative impact on the environment.

ECONOMIC

Energy

Environmental Compliance 

• 

 Maintain and achieve energy efficiency and a balance energy intensity usage 

correlated with business growth.

• 

Zero incidents of non-compliance

• 

No significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with 

environmental laws and regulations

ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT

Fair Employment

Training and Education

Occupational Health and Safety

• 

Continue to promote diversity and equal opportunity in the workplace.

• 

Comply with local labour regulations across our operations.

• 

Achieve an average of 2 hours of training per employee annually.

• 

 Zero fatalities and/or workplace injuries.

ORGANISATIONAL &amp; RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT

Anti-Corruption

• 

Zero incidents of bribery and corruption, including facilitation payment.

• 

Zero tolerance towards all forms of bribery and corruption.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 


MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    •    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2019

7

 

Offshore &amp; Engineering 

Marine  

Energy

 

(‘000 kWh) 

‘000 kWh) 

(‘000 KWh)

 

2,617  

2,873 

1,430

PROCUREMENT PRACTICES

The Group firmly believes that the suppliers and subcontractors we engage are critical to creating positive economic 

impact, thus enhancing stakeholder’s return. In this respect, the Group maintains a rigorous selection process in vendors 

selection, which are based on the past track records and adherence to occupational health and safety standards.

As we consider sustainability as one of the key factors in selecting a supplier, we evaluate the potential candidates based 

on their sustainability performance and practices. Often, there would be a collaboration with business partners and 

suppliers to redesign our product offerings to reduce the negative impact on the environment in this area. For the purpose 

of this disclosure, we took into account the entities located in Singapore as the “significant locations of operations”.

Purchases from local material suppliers accounted for approximately 89% (FY2018*: 68%) of the total purchases in FY2019. 

The remaining raw materials were procured from overseas suppliers as they were not available locally. 

Currently, the use of foreign subcontractors and import purchase is kept to a minimum, and we remain fully committed to 

continue procuring responsibly while generating positive economic and social benefit for the local community we operate in.

* restated due to disposal of 50% shareholdings in Vac-Tech (no longer a subsidiary)

To address global issues of resource scarcity and a changing climate, we recognise the importance of integrating 

environmental considerations into the Group’s business decisions. We are committed to understanding, managing and 

minimising our environmental footprint across our value chain, including our business operations, suppliers and 

customers. Our environment efforts are largely focused on maximising material utilisation and optimising energy 

consumption. We will continue to strengthen our expertise in the areas of environmental programs and be selective about 

the strategic initiatives that will yield a greater positive impact in the future.

ENERGY

In FY2019, the Group consumed approximately 6.92 million kWh of electricity, which comprises a mix of direct and indirect 

sources of energy. Direct energy refers to primary sources of energy from our solar generation on site, whereas indirect 

energy is electricity purchased from external suppliers – the grid. The breakdown of consumption by respective businesses 

as follows:

To improve energy efficiency, the Group will continue to optimise operations and processes; technological improvements, 

including the adoption of more sustainable building designs and materials; and the use of energy-efficient equipment and 

devices.

ECONOMIC

ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT




MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    •    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2019

8

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

Environmental compliance forms an integral part of the Group’s sustainability philosophy. With increased pressure on 

corporations to be accountable for their environmental footprint and rising cost of natural resources, we endeavour to not 

just comply but also integrate the best sustainability practices across business operations to reduce adverse environmental 

impact on the ecosystem. 

Over the years, the Group’s operations continue to conform to local environmental laws and regulations. The Group 

maintains a zero tolerance for non-compliance and encourage our stakeholders to report any incidences via our 

established whistle blowing channels. All employees of Mencast are encouraged to be proactive and forthcoming in 

managing and reporting environmental related issues and complaints.

In FY2019, there was a "Notice of Offence" from PUB for traces of contaminants in the trade effluent. This was subsequently 

resolved with no stop work from the authorities. There were no other incidents of non-compliance and penalties pertaining 

to environmental-related issues. The Board and Management continues to review and improve current environmental 

management system and practices and ensure that all our activities and operations comply with regulatory and customers’ 

requirements. 

Moving Forward

To maintain the highest standard of environmental compliance, our commitment and target, the Management will continue 

to review and improve current environmental management system and practices and ensure that all our activities and 

operations comply with existing regulatory requirements. 


MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    •    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2019

9

FAIR EMPLOYMENT

Our employees are one of our most valuable assets and the Group believes in and is committed to fair employment 

practices, upholding human rights principles and investing in developing and training our people. We provide equal 

opportunities to all employees without discrimination.

As of 31 December 2019, we have a total of 368 full-time employees. 

We strive to foster an inclusive and performance driven work environment to attract, retain and develop our talents. As an 

equal opportunity employer, the Group has instituted a fair system to ensure equal opportunities and non-preferential 

treatment for all employees. There is no preference or prejudice towards religion, age, ethnicity, any physical disability or 

gender. Employees are required to observe and adhere to all relevant policies and practices. 

* Figures restated due to disposal of 50% shareholding in Vac-Tech (no longer a subsidiary of Mencast).

Total No. of Employees

New Hires

Total No. of New Hire by Age Group 

% of New Hire by Age Group

Total No. of New Hire by Age Group 

% of Turnover by Age Group

ORGANISATIONAL &amp; RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT

FY2019

FY2018*

FY2019

FY2018

368

88%

12%

87%

13%

377

86

59

Distribution by Gender (%)

78% of new hires in FY2019 were male due to the nature of industry, compared 

to 85% in FY2018.

Age Group 

Turnover

 

&lt; 30  

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

&lt; 30  

30 - 50 

&gt; 50

 

37 

37 

12 

13 

37 

9

 

43% 

43% 

14% 

22% 

63% 

15%

 

 

98 

 

 

57

 

&lt; 30  

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

&lt; 30  

30 - 50 

&gt; 50

 

35 

53 

10 

10 

29 

18

 

36% 

54% 

10% 

17% 

51% 

32%


MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    •    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2019

10

Due to the inherent nature of labour-intensive work and physically challenging working conditions, the majority of our 

employees are male. Mencast makes a conscious effort to maintain diversity in the middle management, to generate 

creativity and innovation and improve the organisation’s culture. There were no reported incidences of discrimination 

raised by our employees in FY2019.

The Group also has an open-door policy where employees are encouraged to speak-up or report grievances directly to their 

superior, head of department, human resource department, chief executive officer and/or independent directors. This is to 

reinforce our commitment to our employees to provide them with a workplace that is healthy, safe and secure. Across our 

business segments, there were no workplace grievance cases reported in FY2019.

Employee Remuneration and Benefit

The Group recognises the valuable contribution of all employees. We strongly believe in fair remuneration and sets 

packages which are competitive and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate personnel with adequate experience and 

expertise to manage the business and operations of the Group. In setting remuneration packages, the Group takes into 

account the regulatory requirements, salary, and employment conditions within the same industry and in comparable 

companies. In FY2019, in addition to the competitive remuneration offered, we extended our employees a set of benefits 

including but not limited to:

Descriptions

In the event that our employee becomes critically ill or permanently disabled, their loved 

ones will receive a sum of money to provide them with financial protection and coverage 

against risks.

Employees are reimbursed for outpatient treatments, surgery or hospitalisation expenses 

covered under medical insurance.

Our employees are covered under personal accident insurance and work-related injury. For 

instance, the organisation will reimburse any rehabilitation costs or monthly pay-outs for 

each case of disability.

Both female and male employees are entitled to maternity leave and paternity leave when 

applicable. We provide other leave benefits catering to our employees’ children during the 

stages of infant care and childcare.

In FY2019, the Group had a return-to-work rate of 80% and remained employees of the 

Group for more than a year. The Group will continually work towards building a pro-parent 

workplace through enhancing our Group welfare practices and culture.

For employees qualified for pension approaching the retirement age, the government will 

provide them with monthly cash pay-outs of their CPF contributions.

Workers are granted dormitory accommodation, coupled with basic necessities such as 

proper sanitation and water.

Employment Benefits

Life Insurance

Medical Insurance

Disability Insurance 

Parental Leave 

Retirement Provision

Workers Dormitory 

and Canteen


MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    •    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2019

11





The Group is in full compliance with local labour regulations across our operations, as well as minimum wage laws, where 

such laws exist. Being in an industry that is largely labour-intensive, we are dedicated to constantly reviewing our 

employment policies, benefits and remuneration practices to ensure compliance with the updated employment laws, and 

to keep up with the best industry practices to provide the optimal working conditions for our people. 

Some of the recreation and welfare activities/events arranged for staff in 2019 are:

• 

Teambuilding bowling games at Orchid Bowl @ The Chevron.

• 

Mid-Autumn Festival Lunch for the employees.

• 

7th Lunar Month Dinner for all staff, including an onstage Karaoke session.

The Group continually cultivates a transparent and inclusive environment for all employees, as well as ensures a top-down 

approach to promote fair and ethical business dealings. Mencast maintains zero tolerance towards unethical labour 

practices such as child labour, forced labour, slavery and human trafficking across all our operations. 

Teambuilding bowling games at Orchid Bowl @ 

The Chevron.





7th Lunar Month Dinner for all staff, including an 

onstage Karaoke session.


MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    •    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2019

12

TRAINING &amp; DEVELOPMENT

The Group recognises that employees need to stay informed and be updated in their skill sets in the ever-changing work 

environment. To encourage and support our employees to develop their fullest potential and have a fulfilling career, both 

on-the-job and ad-hoc trainings are made available to our employees. Employees are encouraged to attend courses which 

are relevant to their work nature.

In FY2019, the company invested approximately S$53,000 and clocked a total of 4,052 hours in training. This was lower 

compared to 5,530 hours* clocked during FY2018 because of a reduction in total employee numbers.

In FY2019, the Group has also piloted initiatives and automation programmes to boost productivity:

3D Pattern Scanning and Printing

3D printers were implemented to create the propeller pattern (or prototype), effectively shortening stage one of 

propeller-making process. Instead of replacing the older workers, the company valued their experience and tapped on 

WorkPro Job Redesign Grant to roll out job redesign so that they could be trained to use the new technology.

Automation and Remote Monitoring of Slop Pre-treatment Process

The Group also embarked on a project to improve the pre-treatment process by implementing the following:

• 

Remote monitoring of SLOP pre-treatment

• 

Automation of transfer of oily wastes

Performance and Career Development Review

Performance and career development review of employees are performed during the performance appraisal process. This 

process is conducted on an annual basis whereby there will be two-way communication and engagement between 

supervisors and subordinates to assess the performance of the employee. Upon completion of the appraisal process, 

consideration of career advancement such as promotion; quantum of salary increments, and annual variable bonus will be 

determined based on the performance appraisal results. Employees are assessed and remunerated fairly based on their 

experience, qualifications and performance. 

In FY2019, 100% of total employees (those with more than one year service), received performance and career development 

review. 

The Group shall continue to provide training and education opportunities through development programmes wherever 

applicable and promote a conducive corporate environment where everyone could achieve their potential. 

* Figures restated due to disposal of 50% shareholding in Vac-Tech (no longer a subsidiary of Mencast).

Programmes for Upgrading Employee Skills and Transition Assistance

The Group is committed to continually allocate budget and plan skills upgrading to equip employees to meet strategic 

targets of the Group. We believe that more skilled employees enhance Mencast’s human capital and contribute to 

employees’ satisfaction, which will then enhance overall performance. 

Training sessions to educate the employees on the technical skills and safety across different modes of operations, such as:

Mandatory Trainings

• 

Shipyard Safety Instruction Course (SSIC)

• 

Apply Workplace Safety &amp; Health in Metal Work

• 

Recognise Terrorist Threats (RTT)

• 

ISO/IEC 17025:201 Internal Auditor Training 

Course

• 

Shipyard Supervisors Safety Course

Other trainings

(depends on job function)

• 

WSQ Specialist Diploma in Workplace Safety &amp; 

Health

• 

WSQ – Hazardous Substances Training 

• 

WSQ – Forklift Operator Trainings

• 

WSQ – Risk Management Training

• 

WSQ – Workplace Safety &amp; Health in Process

             Plant

Average Hours of Training 

Per Employee

FY2019

FY2018

11.71 hours

~15 hours*


MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    •    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2019

13

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH &amp; SAFETY 

Safety is an integral part of our business, and a key focus area for our board of directors and senior management. 

Occupational Health &amp; Safety Management Framework

In FY2019, the Group continue to be certified to meet the 

Singapore standard for occupational safety and health 

management system, as well as OHSAS 18001 occupational 

health and safety assessment series and ISO 14001 

environmental management system.

Processes are in place to identify, mitigate and report risks 

and communicate best practices across the Group, and we 

work with our employees and stakeholders to ensure that 

they understand our requirements and expectations.

Our safety management system continues to be routinely 

audited by independent consultants.

 

To facilitate the physical supervision of the workplace safety and the relaying of Workplace Safety and Health (“WSH”) 

related messages, each individual subsidiary has established its own Health, Safety and Environment (“HSE”) Committee. 

The HSE Committees are headed by a chairman appointed by the director, typically a senior personnel from the Operations 

or Production department. They oversee the subsidiaries’ operations to ensure that safety standards are upheld at all times 

and also up to industry leading practices.

The Committee conducts regular and surprise inspections on their workers’ workplace safety. In addition, the role and 

responsibilities of the HSE Committee includes reviewing, effectively implementing and reinforcing safety standards and 

regulations to ensure all areas of safety are adequately covered. Committee meetings are conducted minimally once a 

month to review safety inspection results, ensure corrective actions are taken promptly, as well as coordinate and organise 

HSE campaigns. We also constantly seek feedback from non-committee members regarding areas of improvement and all 

relevant HSE matters. We estimate nearly 100% of the workforce are represented well as they have the right to participate 

fully in the establishment and implementation of occupational health and safety policies, procedures, investigations and 

risk assessments.

In FY2019, the Group continues to maintain a balanced proportion of managerial to non-managerial staff in the committee. 

Moving forward, we will continue to maintain the ideal proportion and better facilitate workplace safety with a less 

hierarchical organisation.

Inherent Occupational Risk

As a Group, we periodically assess the occupational injuries and diseases risks that may occur due to workplace conditions. 

In FY2019, due to the nature of the work, we continue to consider the following as high-risk:

• 

Decompression illness or Barotrauma11 - Adherence to accepted diving safety standards and dive exposure tables; 

and

• 

Chemical Exposure – Provision of Personal Protective Equipment (“PPE”) and annual medical examinations.

Key Elements of Our Health 

&amp; Safety System

Policy

Planning

Implementation 

and Operation

Checking and 

Correction Action

Management Review

Continual Improvement


MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    •    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2019

14

Findings from our risk assessments are considered in the determination of facility requirements, training programmes and 

operational controls. The Group ensures each worker is well protected before the start of each assignment through 

documenting on the PPE record to ensure that each worker is sufficiently equipped with protective gears. We have also 

developed a list of protocols and precautions for workers to ensure that their safety is fully covered in all areas of work.

Workplace Health &amp; Safety Performance

In FY2019, a total of 17 man-days were lost due to injury*, a significant drop as compared to 106 days in FY2018. For each of 

these injuries reported, the Group Quality, Health &amp; Safety, Environmental (“QHSE”) Manager prepares an Investigation 

report, consisting of mainly the details of the accident, and a corrective action plan to minimise the likelihood of similar 

accidents occurring again. 

Additionally, we ensure that our employees attend medical consultations for early detection. These medical consultations 

include:

• 

Audiometry tests for employees exposed to excessive noise hazards; and

• 

Medical examinations for employees exposed to oil and tar.

Though the Group managed to maintain a zero occupational injury and disease and zero serious injury or death, there was 

a composition fine by MOM on the Offshore and Marine division due to a damaged safety latch on a crane hook. The safety 

latch was damaged due to wear and tear of daily use.

Moving forward, the Group shall strive to continue to maintain its health &amp; safety standards with continuous improvement 

in its Operational Health and Safety processes and performance.

* Lost days indicate scheduled workdays, and we standardised the count to commence the day after the accident.

Death or Total Permanent Disabilities

Reportable Injuries

Occupational Disease

FY2019

Total

FY2018

Total

0

2

0

0

3

0


MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    •    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2019

15

ANTI-CORRUPTION

Mencast is committed to uphold the highest standards of corporate governance and business integrity across its business 

activities, which are essential for the long-term viability of the Group’s businesses and the enhancement of shareholder 

value. The Board undertakes to investigate complaints of suspected fraud in an objective manner and has put in place a 

whistle-blowing policy and procedures which provide employees with well-defined and accessible channels within the 

Group, including a direct channel to the Audit Committee, for reporting suspected bribery, corruption, dishonest practices 

or other similar matters.

The policy aims to encourage the reporting of such matters in good faith, with the confidence that employees making such 

reports will be treated fairly and, to the extent possible, be protected from reprisal.  The policy and its effectiveness will be 

reviewed by the Audit Committee periodically, with recommendations regarding updates or amendments, if any, to be 

made to the Board as required. 

In FY2019, there were no incidents of regulatory non-compliance across Mencast’s group of businesses. There were also 

no reported incidents pertaining to whistle-blowing for this reporting period under review. The Group continues to work 

towards reinforcing a full compliance culture.

Moving Forward

The Audit Committee continues to support the Board in its oversight of anti-corruption and is responsible for driving the 

Group’s focus on implementing effective compliance and governance systems. At an operational level, the respective 

department within the Group continues to be responsible to identify, self-assess the adequacy and effectiveness of mitigat-

ing measures, and manage their financial, operational, information technology, compliance and reputational related risks.

Please refer to the Corporate Governance section of the annual report for more information.


MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    •    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2019

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX

This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option

Category

Disclosure

Description

Page Reference and Remarks

GRI 102:

General

Disclosures

102-1 *

Name of the

organization

Cover Page

102-2 *

Activities, brands,  

products, and services

Refer to AR FY2019 – 

Notes to The Financial Statement – Note 1 

102-3 *

Location of

headquarters

42E Penjuru Road, Mencast Central,  

Singapore 609161

102-4 *

Location of operations

42E Penjuru Road, Mencast Central,  

Singapore 609161 and  

42B Penjuru Road, Mencast Central, 

Singapore 609163

102-5 *

Ownership and legal

form

Refer to AR FY2019 – Group Structure 

102-6 *

Markets served

Refer to AR FY2019 – 

Note 4 Revenue by Geographical Segment  

102-7 *

Scale of the

organisation

Page 9

102-8 *

Information on

employees and other 

workers

Page 9

102-9 *

Supply chain

Page 7

102-10 *

Significant changes to

the organization and its 

supply chain

No significant changes

102-11 *

Precautionary principle

or approach

Page 4

102-12 *

External initiatives

Page 3

102-13 *

Membership of

associations

Page 5

GRI 102: Strategy

102-14 *

Statement from senior 

decision-maker

Refer to AR FY2019 

 Chairman’s Message

GRI 102:

Ethics and

Integrity

102-16 *

Values, principles,

standards, and norms of 

behaviour

Page 3

GRI 102:

Governance

102-18 *

Governance structure

Page 4 

Refer to AR FY2019 – 

Corporate Governance

Corporate Structure

16


MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    •    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2019

Category

Disclosure

Description

Page Reference and Remarks

GRI 102:

Stakeholder

Engagement

102-40 *

List of stakeholder groups

Page 5

102-41 *

Collective bargaining 

agreements

None

102-42 *

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders

Page 5

102-43 *

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement

Page 5

102-44 *

Key topics and concerns 

raised

Page 6

GRI 102:

Reporting

Practice

102-45 *

Entities included in the

consolidated financial 

statements

Refer to AR FY2019 – 

 Notes to The Financial Statement –  

Note 16

102-46 *

Defining report content 

and topic Boundaries

Page 1

102-47 *

List of material topics

Page 6

102-48 *

Restatements of  

information

Page 7, Page 9 and Page 12

102-49 *

Changes in reporting

No significant changes from previous  

reporting periods in the list of material  

topics and topic boundaries.

102-50 *

Reporting period

Page 1

102-51 *

Date of most recent report

FY2018 Sustainability Report

102-52 *

Reporting cycle

1 Jan 2019 to 31 Dec 2019

102-53 *

Contact point for

questions regarding the 

report

Page 1

102-54 *

Claims of reporting in

accordance with the

GRI Standards

Core option

102-55 *

GRI content index

Page 16 - 18

102-56 *

External Assurance

The Group has not sought external assurance 

for this sustainability report.

GRI 302: 

Energy

DMA

Disclosure of

Management Approach

Page 7

302-1

Energy Consumption 

Page 7

GRI 307:

Environmental

Compliance

DMA

Disclosure of

Management Approach

Page 8

307-1

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations

Page 8

17


MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD    •    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2019

18

Category

Disclosure

Description

Page Reference and Remarks

GRI 401:

Fair Employment

DMA

Disclosure of

Management Approach

Page 9 - 11

401-1

New employee hires and 

employee turnover

Page 9

401-2

Benefits provided to

full-time employees that 

are not provided to  

temporary or part-time 

employees

Page 10

401-3

Parental leave

Page 10

GRI 403:  

Occupational  

Health and Safety

DMA

Disclosure of

Management Approach

Page 13 - 14

403-1

Occupational Health and 

Safety Management  

System

Page 13 - 14

403-2

Types of injury and rate of 

injury

Page 14

GRI 404: 

Training  

&amp; Education

DMA

Disclosure of

Management Approach

Page 12

404-1

Average hours of training 

per year per employee 

Page 12

404-2

Programmes for  

upgrading employee skills 

and transition assistance 

programmes

Page 12

404-3

Percentage of employees 

receiving regular  

performance and career 

development reviews

Page 12

GRI 205: 

Anti-Corruption

DMA

Disclosure of

Management Approach

Page 15, 

 Refer to AR FY2019 – 

 Corporate Governance

205-3

Confirmed incidents of 

corruption and actions 

taken

Page 15, 

 Refer to AR FY2019 – 

 Corporate Governance


42E Penjuru Road, Mencast Central,

Singapore 609161

T +65 6268 4331

F +65 6264 4156

W www.mencast.com.sg

E ir@mencast.com.sg





