






























Being Your Perfect Partner

Sustainability Report FY2017


Mencast Holdings Ltd   |   Being Your Perfect Partner

1 

About this Report 

1

2 

Statement from the CEO 

2

3 

Overview of the Group 

4

4 

Business Philosophy and Values 

5

5 

Sustainability Approach 

10

6 

Identifying Material Aspects 

10

7 

Stakeholder Engagement 

11

8 

Economic 

12

9 

Environmental 

14

10 

Social 

17

GRI Content Index 

23

Contents










Mencast Holdings Ltd   |   Being Your Perfect Partner

Sustainability Report FY2017   |   1

About this Report

Mencast Holdings Ltd (“Mencast”, and together with its 

subsidiary corporations, the “Group”) is pleased to 

present its inaugural sustainability report covering its 

sustainability efforts in the financial year ended 31 

December 2017 (“FY2017”). This sustainability report 

provides an account of Mencast’s material sustainability 

matters that are of importance to the Group’s business 

and its stakeholders. 

Mencast has been built on thirty-six years of strong 

business results. Our commercial breadth and acumen, 

industry relationships and leadership inform our service 

and capabilities. We recognise the interdependence we 

have with our communities and our environment; hence 

we are committed and take responsibility in setting the 

standards of sustainable practices within our industry.

Reporting 

Scope and 

Period

As our first sustainability report, the report provides an overview of Mencast’s 

strategies and practices to ensure sustainable performance, while highlighting the 

economic, environmental and social impacts of the Group’s business and 

developments. This report covers FY2017 from 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017. 

To reaffirm our commitment towards sustainability, we will be publishing our report 

no later than May on an annual basis from the financial year ending 31 December 

2018 (“FY2018”) onwards.

Reporting 

Process

In each reporting cycle, Mencast’s Sustainability Reporting Committee (“SR 

Committee”) reviews the content of the report to ensure that the current and 

emerging material issues of significance pertaining to sustainability and the 

interests of our stakeholders are addressed. The sustainability committee includes 

the Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), Chief Financial Officer 

(“CFO”), Financial Controller, and the Director (or equivalent) of each of the Group’s 

subsidiaries.

GRI 

Guidelines

This report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative 

(“GRI”) Standards. The GRI Standards are the most widely adopted global standards 

for sustainability reporting, and provide businesses and organisations worldwide the 

framework to measure, understand and communicate their critical sustainability 

issues on environmental, economic, social performance ability issues to 

stakeholders.

Feedback

We value feedback from our stakeholders as it allows us to continually improve our 

sustainability policies, processes and performance. Kindly address all feedback to 

the SR Committee at sr@mencast.com.sg. Your feedback and suggestions are 

important to us and will be considered as part of our on-going initiatives to improve 

on our future reporting. 


Mencast Holdings Ltd   |   Being Your Perfect Partner

Sustainability Report FY2017   |   2

Statement from the CEO 

Dear Stakeholders, 

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am delighted to 

present our inaugural sustainability report, detailing the 

approach and practices our Group uses to create 

sustainable long term value for shareholders. 

Forward Strategy 

Despite 

the 

current 

highly 

challenging 

industry 

environment, 

we 

are 

committed 

to 

developing 

sustainable practices as a key driver of durable 

competitive advantage.  

To address the downturn, we are in the process of right 

sizing our balance sheet to support our short and 

medium term business strategy and priorities. Beyond 

this, we anticipate the pressure of climate change will 

continue to drive the O&amp;G industry towards higher 

environmental standards. Key amongst the higher 

standards will be lower carbon emission, energy 

efficiency and waste management. 

Over the years, we have built our Environmental 

Remediation business into an important component of 

our business, and it represented 30% of the Group total 

revenue in FY2017. Mencast is currently developing a 

Slop Water Treatment Plant (“SWTP”), which meets the 

social imperative for greater sustainability while being a 

significant opportunity to create business value. This 

plant cleans contaminated mud and water from offshore 

units, such as drilling rigs and ships, while operating 

with a small carbon footprint.  

To expand the scope of our sustainability initiatives, we 

entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) 

with Houston Technology Centre-Asia (“HTC-Asia”) 

early last year. This gave us access to innovative 

technologies and hard science technology companies, 

many of which reduce environmental impact and carbon 

footprint. We also established Mencast Innovation 

Centre Pte. Ltd. (“MIC”) as a platform to manage these 

new businesses and revenue initiatives. As well as 

providing mentorship, equipment, work space we 

provide networking opportunities and the opportunity to 

work closely with the Group’s business units to drive 

opportunities for growth. 


Mencast Holdings Ltd   |   Being Your Perfect Partner

Sustainability Report FY2017   |   3

Building  Sustainable Value

Our Group understands and is energized to build a 

sustainable value chain that also serves as a source of 

durable competitive advantage. 

Our strategy has increasingly focussed on addressing 

business 

needs 

from 

social, 

economic 

and 

environmental perspectives. This has led us to a natural 

adoption of sustainability oriented approaches to deliver 

value to shareholders. 

One of the core values is balancing organisational 

success with our contribution back to society. This 

means we seek to create sustainable positive impact for 

communities around us as well as partnering with 

suppliers that also share our vision of sustainability. 

Engaging our Stakeholders 

Lastly, Mencast believes that stakeholder engagement 

plays a key role in our Group’s journey towards creating 

sustainable value.  We would like to extend our deepest 

appreciation 

to 

all 

our 

stakeholders, 

including 

shareholders, 

investors, 

customers, 

employees, 

suppliers, bankers and business partners, for the strong 

support and guidance through these difficult times. 

As we prepare to greet a sustainable future together, we 

look forward to partnering with you to achieve greater 

growth. With your support, we are confident that we will 

ride out the challenges and be solidly positioned for 

future growth.

With utmost gratitude, 

Mr Sim Soon Ngee Glenndle

Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Mencast Holdings Ltd


Mencast Holdings Ltd   |   Being Your Perfect Partner

Sustainability Report FY2017   |   4

Overview of the Group

Corporate Profile

Mencast Holdings Ltd is a regional Engineering and Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul ("MRO") solutions provider. 

Headquartered in Singapore, our Group was successfully listed in June 2008 as the first sponsor-approved listing on 

Singapore's SGX Catalist and later became the first such company to transfer to the SGX Mainboard. From its 

establishment in 1981, the Group has grown into a leader in the manufacture and repair of propellers and sterngear 

equipment and has built on its core competencies to steadily expand business into new areas. Today, through organic 

growth and acquisitions, Mencast is a complete Engineering and MRO solutions provider with three business 

segments, being Offshore &amp; Engineering, Marine and Energy Services.

Employee Information

As of 31 December 2017, the Group has an aggregated total 

of 620 employees across the holding company and its 

subsidiary corporations.

"Partner 

Perfect"

Revenue

Margins

Capital spread

Talent

Scale

Focus

• Culture of adding 

value

• Leverage teamwork

• Ownership culture

• Leverage existing 

platforms and 

relationships

• Seek new revenue streams

• Cross-selling

• Leverage existing capabilities into 

new markets

• Productivity and processes

• Rightsizing assets and operating 

overheads

• Lean costs

• High ROCE &amp; ROE

• Low WACC

• Fund growth business

• Passion for 

performance

• Leverage 

teamwork

• Ownership 

culture

• Cost efficiency

• Market 

presence

• Able to invest 

in R&amp;D

• Excellence of 

execution

• Speed

• Invest in the best

Group’s Strategy and Enablers

Vision 

Our vision is to be the 

most admired MRO 

partner and employer 

in the world.

Mission

Our mission is to 

champion the Oil &amp; 

Gas MRO profession 

of technical 

excellence.


Mencast Holdings Ltd   |   Being Your Perfect Partner

Sustainability Report FY2017   |   5

Business Philosophy and Values

We consider our customers to be our 

partners not just today, but in the long 

run. We place our customers at the 

forefront of our business and make 

sure that our industry relationships 

and commercial acumen inform our 

service and capabilities.

Fundamental Beliefs 

The Board recognises the importance of a sustainable 

business, and the Group’s business strategy includes 

integrating the needs of the society and the environment 

into its business goals. The Board believes that to grow 

sustainably, the Group has to actively engage and deliver 

value to its stakeholders, from its employees to the 

community, and to be responsible stewards of its natural 

environment.

This philosophy has been formalised in our slogan 

“Partner-Perfect”, which embodies the mindset and 

core values that have guided our business for the past 

over three decades.

“Partner-Perfect” is a long-term way of thinking that 

requires every business relationships and transactions 

to benefit every stakeholder involved. Through aligning 

our business model with our customers’ needs, we 

harness the enormous power that is generated when all 

stakeholders work in unison towards a common goal. 

Even as we continue to position our business towards 

attractive new opportunities, Mencast will be guided by 

the same principles that we were founded upon. We will 

resolutely strengthen our capabilities and seek to drive 

synergy and productivity across our businesses. Above 

all, we shall adhere to the principle of financial 

prudence, which includes measuring the attractiveness 

of every business opportunity by the time tested 

yardsticks of profit, margins, cash flow and value 

creation for stakeholders.

Culture &amp; Values

At Mencast, we always 

have in our mind 4 

service principles, 

which are fundamental 

to our corporate 

culture and values.

Customers partner 

with Mencast for the 

high standards we set 

ourselves. We are 

continuously learning, 

sharpening our skills 

and striving to 

improve ourselves to 

be the best possible 

partner to our 

customers.

We believe in the value 

of teamwork and think 

of our Mencast team as 

a family; someone we 

can count on and trust. 

Not just when things go 

wrong but to share our 

success too.

We work hard 

to retain our 

technical 

expertise

We look out for 

one another

We always seek 

solutions

We focus on developing 

and maintaining 

long-term customer 

relationships

At Mencast, we are determined to 

find a solution to your problem. 

Our flexibility, resourcefulness, 

and innovation approach equips us 

to anticipate, avoid and overcome 

any obstacles you might face.


Mencast Holdings Ltd   |   Being Your Perfect Partner

Sustainability Report FY2017   |   6

In support of our service principles, 

we have 6 pillars of strengths.

Mencast has been built on thirty 

years of strong business results. 

Our commercial breadth and 

acumen, industry relationships 

and leadership inform our service 

and capabilities. Our corporate 

ethos and structure approach to 

every project helps us deliver the 

most comprehensive solutions to 

benefit our customers’ 

businesses.

Mencast remains rooted to our 

humble origins and despite our 

growth we retain the dedication 

and humility of our small 

business heritage. Through our 

strong team structure and 

easy-to-access top 

management, and our systems 

and processes, we are highly 

responsive, attentive and 

engaged.

Every moment is valuable in the 

world of energy and no one 

understands this better than 

Mencast. Our equipment is of 

the highest quality, our systems 

are uncompromising and our 

strategically located 

infrastructure allows us to 

complete projects reliably and 

respond to mission critical 

emergencies quickly.









































































Mencast’s accumulated 

workforce embodies expert 

technical expertise with a deep 

understanding of our industry 

sectors. Whether it be in the 

factory, engineering or the 

boardroom, our skills, 

knowledge and judgment in 

engineering design, fabrication 

and servicing creates shared 

value for customers.

Innovation is not just about the 

big projects. It’s about 

individuals, collaboration and 

creativity. At Mencast, 

“innovative” is not just a word in 

the marketing department, but 

a mindset that affects 

everything we do. Our flexibility, 

resourcefulness, creativity and 

innovative approach equips us 

to anticipate, avoid and 

overcome any obstacles you 

might face.

Mencast recognises the 

interdependence we have with 

our communities and our 

environment and the effects our 

industry can have on nature and 

tomorrow. Our eco-friendly 

sourcing of materials, green 

processes and high safety 

standards makes us the 

preferred partner of customers 

who value both cost and 

eco-consciousness.

01

02

03

04

05

06

Commercially 

minded/ 

corporate 

ethos

Full 

engagement

Responsiveness 

/speed

Superior 

technical 

ability

Resourceful/ 

solution 

oriented/ 

dependability

Environmental 

championship


Mencast Holdings Ltd   |   Being Your Perfect Partner

Sustainability Report FY2017   |   7

Protecting the Environment

We also commit to sustainable practices to reduce our 

environmental footprint as we strive to make our 

operations more energy-efficient. As a firm that helps 

other firms meet their Corporate Social Responsibility 

(“CSR”) goals through our waste treatment, recycling 

and remediation services, we ourselves put in utmost 

effort in preserving the environment and reducing 

negative impacts. 



In our day-to-day operating activities, the Group also 

continues to play its part in energy conservation. For 

example, lights are turned off during lunch hours to save 

energy, and a portion of our energy consumption consists 

of solar energy generated from the panels installed on 

the rooftop of our offices and factory facilities. These 

initiatives reduce carbon emissions, and also act as 

means of diversifying the energy sources in the market. 

The solar panels at 42B Penjuru Road and 42E Penjuru 

Road had generated some cost savings in FY2017. 


ENERGY SERVICES SEGMENT

MARINE SEGMENT

Mencast Holdings Ltd   |   Being Your Perfect Partner

Sustainability Report FY2017   |   8

Goals and Achievements 

The Group aims to continuously seek for business opportunities in line with our strategic growth and to deliver value 

to our customers and stakeholders as we continue to explore and expand our business operations. Within the 

industry, we have also upheld a reputation for quality and high standards in our operations, as well as excellence in 

our operations management. Our long track record possesses world class capabilities with international 

accreditations.

OFFSHORE &amp; ENGINEERING SEGMENT













































ISO 9001



ISO 9001



ISO 14001



OHSAS 18001


Mencast Holdings Ltd   |   Being Your Perfect Partner

Sustainability Report FY2017   |   9

















































Membership of Associations 

Aspiring to widen our exposure to Industry standards and collaborate within and beyond the industry to improve on 

current sustainable practices, Mencast and its subsidiaries have joined and taken active participation in the following 

industry associations:  

The Group

Offshore &amp; 

Engineering 

Segment

Marine 

Segment

Energy 

Services 

Segment

• Singapore Business Federation

• Association of Singapore Marine Industries 

(“ASMI”)

• Singapore Chinese Chamber of Commerce 

&amp; Industry

• Young Presidents’ Organisation Singapore 

Chapter and International Chapter

• Irata International

• Dropped object Prevention Scheme 

(International)

• Lifting Equipment Engineers’ Association 

(International)

• Commercial Diving Association (Singapore)

• Association of Diving Contractors International

• The American Society of Mechanical 

Engineers

• The National Board of Boiler and Pressure 

Vessel Inspectors

• Association of Process Industry

• Stichting Industriële Reiniging




Mencast Holdings Ltd   |   Being Your Perfect Partner

Sustainability Report FY2017   |   10

Sustainability Approach

Our Approach

Mencast’s strategic approach has transformed across the 

years, from a classical economic-based strategy to a 

sustainability-oriented approach. This approach encompasses 

balancing holistic goals of economic, environmental and social 

perspectives with our commitment to actively engage 

stakeholders throughout the value-delivery process; our 

sustainability approach extends beyond meeting stakeholder 

requirements to enhancing stakeholder participation in our 

chain of sustainable value creation. 

Upon recognising key challenges and risks involved in 

sustainable development against the backdrop of our 

competitive manufacturing industry, we established the 

SR Committee to balance our sustainable goals with our 

dedication to delivering quality performance to our 

stakeholders. 

Committee Structure 

The SR Committee is headed by the Chief Executive 

Officer, Mr Sim Soon Ngee Glenndle, and formed by the 

top management across all the subsidiaries. The focus 

of the SR Committee lies in the areas of formulating, 

implementing and reviewing the Group’s sustainable 

policies and practices, sustainability development 

programs and initiatives. Periodical reviews are made to 

ensure the effective implementation and engagement of 

the Group as a whole and in line with the Group’s 

strategic development. 

Identifying Material Aspects 

Materiality Assessment 

The Group engaged a team of external sustainability 

consultants to assist the Group’s SR Committee in 

identifying and prioritising issues that are most material 

and relevant to the Group and its stakeholders. 

These issues are then linked to the overall strategy and 

risk management approach. The Environment, Social 

and Governance (“ESG”) materiality assessment was 

performed with the facilitation of the team of external 

consultants, where each ESG factor in the GRI ESG 

universe was thereafter ranked by the SR Committee 

members according to the influence on stakeholder 

decisions and significance of environmental and social 

impacts. Subsequently, a reporting plan on the identified 

GRI factors has been established based on the 

aggregated assessment results.  

Material ESG Factors 

The SR Committee has identified the following material 

ESG factors for FY2017: 

• GRI 201 – Economic Performance

• GRI 401 - Employment

• GRI 403 - Occupational Health and Safety


Mencast Holdings Ltd   |   Being Your Perfect Partner

Sustainability Report FY2017   |   11

Stakeholder Engagement

Bearing in mind the Group’s fundamental business philosophy of “Partner Perfect”, we assessed the level of 

significance of the stakeholders’ interests in sustainability issues, alongside the potential impact and influence of 

these stakeholders on the Group’s businesses and operations. 

The following six key stakeholder groups have been identified: 

1) Our Employees

 

We strive to be an employer of choice, through 

recognising the contributions of each employee, and 

providing opportunities for staff to grow beyond their 

abilities. We would wish for them to maximise their 

potential and look beyond this cycle to seek 

opportunities that will position them for success in their 

careers. Additionally, we are also focussed on building a 

talent pool with deep knowledge of regional and global 

markets to support our growth and expansion.

 

As part of our commitment to developing talent, we 

strive to create an inclusive workplace where each 

individual 

is 

valued 

and 

recognised 

for 

their 

contribution. We recognise the importance of diversity in 

strengthening 

our 

core 

values 

of 

teamwork, 

communication and creativity, and in forming a 

competent and united workforce. We provide equal 

opportunities to all employees without discrimination.

2) Our Customers

 

With a customer-focused culture, we know our 

customers’ needs to reach the right people at the 

right time, and this is a critical factor in our 

high-pressure industry. We offer our clients direct 

access to senior management and around-the-clock 

contact with project leaders who are highly 

responsive, attentive and engaged.

 

Using the highest-quality equipment, systems, 

strategically located infrastructure and internal 

manpower enables us to offer a high level of project 

organisation, control and reliability to get the job 

done when our customers need it, where our 

customers need it, reliably and rapidly responding to 

mission-critical requirements.

 

Understanding the complexity of our industry and 

needs to deploy new technologies, systems and 

processes to be competitive, we continually meet 

these challenges through a highly trained workforce, 

dedicated quality assurance and multimillion-dollar 

investment strategy in customised machinery to 

provide our customers with the most advanced 

services and products.

 

Whether large or small, each project needs a 

customised, tailored solution, and we will work with 

an innovative approach, together with our customers, 

to overcome obstacles and realise the opportunities 

ahead.

3) Our Shareholders and Investors

 

We aim to build on strong fundamentals to deliver 

continued 

earnings 

growth 

and 

maximize 

shareholders’ return. We also strive to maintain good 

corporate governance and improve levels of 

transparency through financial and sustainability 

reporting, as well as timely communication.

4) Our Business Partners

 

We work closely with our business partners to 

ensure that they act in accordance with our code of 

conduct, and expectations of suppliers. We take 

corrective actions with those who fail to meet our 

expectations, 

which 

may 

include 

terminating 

contracts.

5) Our Bankers

 

Due to the downturn of the oil and gas economy, our 

relationship with our bankers will be very critical in 

the next few years. We would require their great 

assistance to speed up our decision-making process, 

and cooperation in the Group’s plan in restructuring.

6) Our Communities

 

Mencast recognises the interdependence we have 

with our communities, our environment, and the 

effects our industry can have on nature and 

tomorrow. Much of our business is dedicated to 

conserving raw materials and energy through the 

production of high-quality products with a longer 

lifespan, and the repair, reconditioning and recycling 

of existing materials to reduce wastes. We work hard 

to maintain our ISO 14001 certification and are proud 

of our Greenmark-approved facilities.


































































































Mencast Holdings Ltd   |   Being Your Perfect Partner

Sustainability Report FY2017   |   12

Direct Economic Value Distributed

It is of utmost importance to create wealth for our 

stakeholders, to the best of our abilities. Hence, we 

strive to drive operational and financial improvements 

constantly. 

The following table provides a summary of economic 

value distributed in FY2017 based on GRI’s disclosure 

categories:

 

FY2017 

$’000

Operating costs 

 

32,303

Employees compensation and benefits 

22,450

Payment to providers of capital 

8,499

Payment to government 

1,646

Community Investments 

46

Total Economic Value Distributed 

64,944

Economic

Financial Highlights

The Group recorded revenue of S$51.7 million for the financial year ended 31 December 2017 (“FY2017”). Our Loss 

before tax for FY2017 was at S$80.2 million.

Presented below are two of the key financial highlights extracted from page 7 of Mencast’s Annual Report FY2017. 

For detailed financial results, please refer to: 

• Financial highlights and financial review – page 7 and 9 of Annual Report FY2017;

• Financial statements - page 49 to 117 of Annual Report FY2017.

0

30000

60000

90000

120000

150000

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

0

5000

10000

15000

20000

25000

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

Group Revenue ($'Million)

Cash and Cash Equivalents ($'Million)


Mencast Holdings Ltd   |   Being Your Perfect Partner

Sustainability Report FY2017   |   13

Financial 

Implications 

and 

Other 

Risks 

and 

Opportunities Due to Climate Change

We are cautious that the harmful effects on the global 

environment will trigger the government regulators to 

further tighten their control on the O&amp;G industry. Hence, 

to cushion the adverse implications on O&amp;G related 

industries, much emphasis has been placed on energy 

services. Not only it is in line with the global initiatives to 

ensure more sustainable business operations, it has 

proven itself to be successful in FY2017. Amidst 

extremely challenging industry conditions, the energy 

services segment has emerged as the top performer in 

the Group, with a 30% contribution to our revenue.

The upcoming slop water treatment plant is currently 

undergoing inspections from various authorities, and the 

process has been smooth sailing thus far.

Financial Assistance Received from Government

In conjunction with multiple government agencies such 

as Ministry of Manpower (“MOM”), Spring Singapore and 

Singapore Workforce Development Agency, Mencast is 

assisting our local Professionals, Managers, Executives 

and Technicians (“PMET”) to build their capabilities and 

enhance productivity. For example, the Professional 

Conversion Programme (“PCP”) initiated by Skills 

Future SG has been an asset to allow us to acquire 

relevant knowledge and skills for new business streams 

we would like to venture into. Furthermore, it acts as a 

timely assistance in helping our workers to stay relevant 

in a fast-moving industry, an important aspect to 

support our global market growth and expansion in the 

future. Across the Group, the government has 

subsidised S$337,000 in FY2017, with Spring Singapore’s 

Capability Development Grant (“CDG”) taking up 44% of 

the total subsidy.

Defined Benefit Plan Obligations and Other Retirement 

Plans

The Group makes monthly contributions to the 

employees’ compulsory saving/retirement plans, as 

mandated by the local government in different 

jurisdictions. The fund is a social security system that 

tackles our employees’ financial concerns regarding 

healthcare, home ownership, family protection and 

asset enhancement. We view this scheme as a good 

opportunity to reward our employees and relieve them 

from the burden of personal finances. Contribution rates 

for employers vary depending on the country/city 

jurisdiction and is subject to changes on a yearly basis. 

As our companies are set up in various countries, we 

follow different schemes and their corresponding 

employer’s contribution rates:

• Singapore – Central Provident Fund (“CPF”)

• Malaysia – Employment Provident Fund (“EPF”)

• Indonesia – Badan Penyelenggara Jaminan Sosial 

(“BPJS”)

• China – Five social insurances and one housing fund 

(“五险一金”)






Mencast Holdings Ltd   |   Being Your Perfect Partner

Sustainability Report FY2017   |   14

Environmental

Our 

Energy 

Services 

take 

pride 

in 

providing 

custom-designed environment and energy solutions to 

our 

clients. 

Under 

our 

strong 

environmental 

championship, we are determined to deliver green 

programmes to minimise environmental impacts for our 

clients. We offer a comprehensive set of services 

including decontamination of exhumes, semi-robotic oil 

tank de-sludging, Air-Fin cooling cleaning, Tank Tower 

hydro-cleaning, Ultra High Pressure hydro cleaning, 

furnace decoking and pigging, and Heat-Exchange 

re-tubing.

















Tank 

Desludging 

and Cleaning













Sludge and Slop Treatment

As refineries are upgraded to keep pace with changes, 

Mencast is able to adapt our technology to the needs of 

individual companies. Same with business strategies, 

Mencast is now closer with our clients, establishing 

alliance type contracts to handle all their waste needs.

 

We have established permanent plants within refineries 

for the immediate treatment of various and ongoing 

waste streams. Our plants have integrated the 

processes 

of 

screening, 

segregation, 

chemical 

treatment, phase separation, thermal, vapour recovery, 

water treatment, laboratory analysis and technical 

management of final disposal of residues.









Sludge and 

Slop 

Treatment

We are among the few in the market to possess high 

technological and mobile decontaminating plants, 

comprising a localised feed system for the contaminated 

material, dry and liquid reagent storage, metering and 

weight transfer equipment, process mixers, dust control 

and product transfer, and all of which can be housed 

within twenty-foot containers for ease of mobility of 

disposal.

Throughout our stabilisation process, we physically and 

chemically encapsulate wastes prior to landfill disposal. 

This valued service will mitigate the potential release of 

hazardous constituents from the waste.

Tank Desludging and Cleaning

One of our specialised activities is tank desludging and 

cleaning with man or man less entry for oil majors, 

chemical manufacturing and process industries.


Mencast Holdings Ltd   |   Being Your Perfect Partner

Sustainability Report FY2017   |   15

Recovery Waste System

This treatment plant is designed to treat the oil sludge from vessels and 

inland storage tanks. The waste to be treated includes tank cleaning oil 

sludge, ship cleaning oil sludge, waste treatment plant filter cake, waste 

plastic and contaminated soil. We pride ourselves as the only Group in 

Singapore that utilises this technology, giving us a competitive edge over 

our industry peers. This process allows valuable hydrocarbons to be 

recovered from processed materials. Additionally, the organic wastes 

may be converted into useful products such as synthetic gas and oil, which 

is then recovered and sold as fuel. This mechanism of reusing the most 

important natural resource, aims to reduce greenhouse gases (“GHG”) 

emissions and criteria air pollutants by decreasing consumption of fossil 

fuel-based energy.  We have confidence in the long-term sustainability of 

this technology as it is still in the process of upgrading and continuous 

improvement.









Sludge Dewatering

Geo Tube technology has become an effective method 

for sludge dewatering. Pumps withdraw water and 

sludge from the basins, after which a small amount of 

environmentally safe polymer is added to the sludge in 

order to accelerate flocculation. This mixture of sludge 

and polymer is then transferred in Geo Tubes in which 

the dewatering takes place. A Geo Tube is a long 

cylinder-shaped bag made of porous fabric in which 

solid particles are retained through filtration.









Sludge 

Dewatering

 

Once the Geo Tubes are completely filled, they will be 

kept onsite to allow further dewatering. This would allow 

the solid content of the matters within the tube to be 

greatly increased. Upon completion, the filter cakes will 

be excavated and, together with the filter fabric, and 

removed for waste treatment. There is no air emission 

resulting from this mechanical dewatering process.











Recovery 

Waste 

System








Mencast Holdings Ltd   |   Being Your Perfect Partner

Sustainability Report FY2017   |   16

Solid Liquid Treatment (SLT)

Our Solid Liquid Treatment (SLT) is a valuable process to 

our clients. By means of mechanical separation, we are 

able to  recover oil from tank bottoms sludge which 

provides cost savings for our clients. In addition, through 

this separation process we are minimising the waste 

volume generated ultimately reducing the costs of 

disposal for our customers. 

Our Energy Services segment has selected, designed 

and engineered our equipment to overcome the broad 

variations found in sludge compositions from tank 

bottoms. The process is a state-of-the-art closed loop 

system prudently managed to achieve high productivity 

while providing waste minimisation and maximum 

resource recovery.

Stabilisation/Encapsulation

Stabilisation processes are provided to physically and 

chemically encapsulate wastes prior to landfill disposal. 

This valued service will cease the potential release of 

hazardous constituents from the waste. Contaminated 

material is located, collected and transferred to a 

stabilisation plant located within the site.

Our stabilisation plant comprises the feed system for the 

contaminated material, dry and liquid reagent storage, 

metering and weigh transfer equipment, process 

mixers, dust control and  product transfer andall are 

housed within twenty foot containers for ease of 

mobility.




Mencast Holdings Ltd   |   Being Your Perfect Partner

Sustainability Report FY2017   |   17

Social

Our People, Our Strength

As of 31 December 2017, we have a total of 620 employees. 

We had 143 new hires in FY2017, whereas 194 employees 

left the Group. While the turnover rate is mainly attributed to 

low-skilled workers, we faced minimal difficulty in 

employing workers who can substitute the existing 

low-skilled workers. That being said, we still aim to attract 

and retain talents, by rewarding them based on what they 

deliver and how they demonstrate behaviour that reflects 

our values. Employment numbers for high-skilled positions 

remains consistent, with our key management personnel 

unchanged except for CFO. 

People are our core assets and Mencast is committed to 

being the employer of choice through recognising the 

contributions of employees and providing opportunities for 

staff to maximise their potential and develop their abilities. 

Employees are treated with respect at Mencast. Human 

resources policies and standards are documented in the 

Employee 

Handbook 

and 

Performance 

Appraisal 

Handbook and made available to all staff. To allow 

long-term career planning, Mencast ensures that job 

descriptions are clearly defined, allowing the strengths 

of each staff to be identified and maximised.

Mencast invests in a variety of culture and team building 

resources, including motivational lectures, huddle 

reporting sessions and strategy roadmap sessions 

throughout 

the 

year. 

Mencast 

supports 

the 

government’s initiatives to promote training and 

continuing education. External courses that are eligible 

for the Skills Development Fund (“SDF”) are available 

for employees’ consideration.

Mencast’s culture emphasises both “doing the right 

things” (behaviour) as well as “doing things right” 

(skills). Over the years, Mencast has built a culture 

where employees are committed to looking out for one 

another, seeking solutions, retaining technical expertise 

and maintaining long-term client relationship so as to 

achieve excellence and progress for the Group.

Compensation is structured to include a base salary and 

performance-based incentives with both short and 

long-term rewards to encourage retention. Managers 

and teams are also recognised and rewarded for 

working across departments to achieve organisational 

goals. Mencast’s remuneration strategy has built a 

performance-based 

culture 

in 

which 

staff 

is 

transparently rewarded for their contribution to the 

Group’s objectives and targets. This spurs staff to 

perform to the best of their ability while aligning with the 

goals of creating customer satisfaction and shareholder 

value. This balanced remuneration strategy drives 

superior financial performance, engages staff while 

aligning with shareholders’ interests and is one of the 

many factors that help make Mencast one of the best 

companies to work for in Asia.

Mencast’s philosophy of “hiring for attitude and training 

for skill” helps to set the positive behaviour for the staff. 

The Group believes that the right behaviour results in a 

good system on Process and Cost Management, 

Standard 

Operating 

Procedures 

and 

Operational 

Efficiency to reach the direction or strategy it has set out 

for itself.

The top three things Mencast’s employees value about 

the Group are from its established culture:

• seeks solutions (meaningful job);

• provides opportunities to upgrade their skills (career 

and personal development); 

• and that everyone looks out for one another (teamwork 

and connection).

Another factor that pulls everyone together is the 

Group’s 

Corporate 

Social 

Responsibility 

(“CSR”) 

program, which reaches out to a broad range of 

stakeholders with the aim of integrating CSR into the 

Group’s core business processes and operating as a 

socially responsible corporate citizen. Our CSR plan is 

reviewed annually to align with the interests of targeted 

stakeholders and achieve active corporate citizenship. In 

the process, we hope to contribute and support the 

community with a focus on life transformation and 

charitable causes for the less fortunate.


Mencast Holdings Ltd   |   Being Your Perfect Partner

Sustainability Report FY2017   |   18

New Hires and Resignations

We value the importance of diversity among our 

workforce, hence we hire from a mixture of different 

genders and age groups, to enhance creativity and 

innovation and improve the organization’s culture. On 

one hand, due to the industry characteristics and work 

nature, our frontline is male dominated. On the other 

hand, our supporting functions at back offices, such as 

finance and human resource, are well gender-balanced.  

Nevertheless, the gender balance across the Group as a 

whole is steadily improving. Of our 143 new hires in 

FY2017, we had a gender ratio of 14% females to 86% 

males, an improvement from FY2016 of 10% females to 

90% males in total. 

We hire our people across various age groups 

unbiasedly. Of our new hires, 36% are aged 30 and 

below, while the remaining 64% are above 30 years old.

Moving forward, we aim to improve our employee retention rate and firmly commit on providing our employees with 

more development opportunities to ensure a sustainable operations model. We also aim to continuously refine our 

hiring strategy and improve on the workplace culture, with the aim of engaging, retaining and grooming our talents.

Under 30 years old

30-50 years old

Above 50 years old

NEW HIRES AND RESIGNATIONS IN FY2017

NEW HIRES

RESIGNEES

%

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

80

90

%

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

80

90

143

new hires

in FY2017

14%

females

86%

males


Mencast Holdings Ltd   |   Being Your Perfect Partner

Sustainability Report FY2017   |   19

Benefits and Welfare

We believe in valuing and recognising our people’s achievements through rewards and competitive remunerations. 

Each of our employees is entitled to a set of attractive benefits including but not limited to: 

Item

Benefits

Descriptions

1

2

3

4

5

Provident fund

Medical benefits and health 

screenings

Disability and Life 

Insurance

Year-end performance 

bonus

Annual appreciation events 

and festival celebrations

Employees are entitled to the Group’s monthly contribution to saving/ 

retirement plan in different jurisdictions:

• Singapore – Central Provident Fund (“CPF”)

• Malaysia – Employment Provident Fund (“EPF”)

• Indonesia – Badan Penyelenggara Jaminan Sosial (“BPJS”)

• China – Five social insurance and one housing fund (“五险一金”)

Employees are reimbursed for medical expenses. We also arrange 

health screenings for new hires and employees who reach the age of 

re-engagement, to ensure that they are medically fit for employment.

All our employees are covered under insurance for work-related injuries. 

This accords them with some financial protection in the event of incidents 

arising under working circumstances. Our life insurance applicable to 

Singapore employees, also provides financial support and risk coverage 

to immediate families in the event the employee suffers from critical 

illness or permanent disability.

Employees are entitled to year-end performance bonuses depending 

on the performance of the Group and individual upon appraisal.

We organise company events annually to celebrate and recognise the 

efforts of our employees. Embracing diversity and to honour our rich 

heritage and culture, we celebrate important festivals as a Company and 

often provide festival gifts to our employees as a token of appreciation.

Parental Leave 

The Group adopts welfare practices and strives to build a 

family-friendly workplace culture by implementing 

family friendly working policies. This not only creates a 

healthier work-life balance, but also drives productivity, 

reduces absenteeism, attracts new staff and helps 

retain current staff. We are currently following the 

government requirements closely. 

In FY2017, the Group had a return-to-work rate of 98%. 

Out of the 13 female employees and 27 male employees 

who have taken parental leave, 12 female employees 

and 27 male employees have resumed work with our 

Group thereafter. The 1 female employee left the Group 

on her own accord to progress her career elsewhere.

The Group is periodically reviewing and enhancing our resource policies and practices to provide a fair and safe 

workplace for our employees. In line with our Group’s core values of teamwork, we strive to promote a safe and 

conducive workplace for our people to perform efficiently and effectively. 

In the longer term, amongst the 12 female employees 

and 27 male employees who resumed working with us 

after their parental leave, 69% and 85% of these female 

and male employees respectively have remained 

employees of the Group for more than a year since.  

The Group will continuously work towards building a 

pro-parent workplace through enhancing our company 

welfare practices and culture. 


Mencast Holdings Ltd   |   Being Your Perfect Partner

Sustainability Report FY2017   |   20

Building a Safe and Conducive Workplace together 

Whilst keeping our strength of superior technical ability 

close at heart, we take pride in building a safe, conducive 

and healthy workplace as our commitment to developing 

our people. Being a largely labour intensive company, we 

regard workplace safety with utmost importance and 

recognise our duty of care to account for the safety and 

health of each of our employees, especially paying 

attention to highest risk occupational disease, namely 

decompression sickness. We are constantly striving to 

build a safe and conducive workplace by ensuring that our 

company complies with all relevant safety and 

environmental legislation, with the aim of minimising the 

likelihood and impact of any possible hazardous 

occurrence.  

Safety Committee

To facilitate the physical supervision of the workplace 

safety, and the relaying of workplace safety and health 

(“WSH”) related messages; we have established a Safety 

Committee. Collectively as a Group, the Safety Committee 

comprises 

of 

both 

employee 

and 

employer 

representatives. The Safety Committee oversees the 

subsidiaries’ operations to ensure that safety standards 

are upheld at all times and are up to industry leading 

practices. In addition, the role and responsibilities of the 

Safety Committee includes reviewing, and effectively 

implementing and reinforcing safety standards and 

regulations to ensure all areas of safety are adequately 

covered. The Committee members meet at least once a 

month to review safety inspection results, infrastructures 

and incidents, as well as to coordinate and organise 

safety-related activities. Going forward, in order to 

facilitate the effectiveness of the supervision of workplace 

safety, the Group plans to have more workers join the 

safety committee.

All near-miss incidents and accidents would be promptly 

reported to the Safety Committee, which will further 

provide timely incident analysis briefings to the 

employees. These safety briefings aim to strengthen the 

safety awareness of employees, and also to remind them 

of established safety measures and precautions, as well 

as safety protocols in the event of similar incidents.  

Each year, safety exercises are conducted to test and 

review our safety precautions and protocols, as well as to 

ensure that our employees are sufficiently equipped with 

the relevant Personal Protective Equipment (“PPE”). The 

supervisors also conduct random inspections on a weekly 

basis, to ensure that the workers are properly equipped. 

The Safety Committee also facilitates the safety education 

training programs, which aim to educate and equip 

employees with safety knowledge and skills in handling 

emergency situations. The list of mandatory courses 

conducted by external vendors in FY2017 is as follows:

• Shipyard Safety Induction Course;

• Shipyard Supervisor Safety Course; and

• Work/Supervisor in Process Plant.

Aside from the external courses, our in-house Safety 

personnel perform safety talks on a weekly basis. For 

example, with reference to our Life saving rules (below), 

the talks focus on one rule every month.




Mencast Holdings Ltd   |   Being Your Perfect Partner

Sustainability Report FY2017   |   21

Fire Drills

Fire drills are conducted twice a year to ensure that 

employees and workers are prepared in times of 

emergency, and both drills in FY2017 had a participation 

rate of 99% and above. The fire drill report consists of a 

brief description of the observations and comments, 

accompanied with a list of defects and recommendations 

aimed to improve the company’s reactivity to such 

emergencies. The aforementioned report is prepared by 

the Fire Safety Manager.

Remotely Operated Vehicle (“ROV”)

One of our innovations to reduce the likelihood of 

work-related injuries is the ROVs for the automation of 

our subsea inspection operations. They are operated by 

teams of ROV pilots and support technicians, leveraging 

on ROV technology and robotics to complement manual 

diving activities. The use of ROVs makes work safer and 

more efficient to perform inspections that were 

previously with high safety risk for human divers to deal 

with single-handedly.










Mencast Holdings Ltd   |   Being Your Perfect Partner

Sustainability Report FY2017   |   22

With everyone’s full cooperation, the Group managed to 

achieve zero Reportable occupational injury and disease and 

zero serious injury or death in FY2017. The 5 minor injuries 

were mainly minor cuts and scratches, or getting dust in the 

eyes, which were treated in-house by medical first aid. 

Injuries that required medical attention included burns or 

broken bones when operating machines and traffic 

accidents on journey to work. All injured employees have 

been sent for proper medical treatment immediately and 

have returned to work without sustaining any permanent 

disabilities. For each of these injuries reported, the Group 

Quality, Health &amp; Safety, Environmental (“QHSE”) Manager 

prepares an Investigation report, consisting of mainly the 

details of the accident, and a corrective action plan to 

minimize the likelihood of similar accidents occurring again. 

Additionally, we ensure that our employees attend medical 

consultations stated in the WSH act, which, more 

importantly, act as a detection method for these 

occupational diseases. These medical consultations include:

• Audiometry tests for employees exposed to excessive 

noise hazards; and

• Medical examinations for employees exposed to oil and tar.

Enhancing Safety Precautions and Procedures 

Ideally, this aspect should not be incentivised or 

deterred by penalties set by the authorities. Alongside 

the mandatory WSH requirements and considering the 

employees’ holistic health, we are currently advocating a 

proactive approach; the idea of the employees taking 

responsibility for their own safety and health. To 

complement that, we have put up relevant notices on the 

bulletin board, handouts and constant reminders.

As we are willing to go the extra mile to better equip 

ourselves 

with 

relevant 

knowledge, 

the 

Safety 

Committee is often sent for suitable training sessions to 

keep updated with industry leading practices as well as 

new/updated applicable safety requirements. Thus, in 

addition to the mandatory training sessions, which are 

attended by all employees, the Safety Committee 

members have supplementary knowledge about the 

subject. The said training sessions include:

• Environment Health &amp; Safety (“EHS”) Internal Auditor 

Course;

• Fire Safety Manager Course;

• Port Security Officer Course;

• WSH Leadership Programme; and

• Singapore Civil Defence Force (“SCDF”) Fire 

Extinguisher Exercise.



Total Workplace Safety and Health at our Facilities

As with our commitment to the safety and health of our 

people, we are continually striving to reduce the 

likelihood and impact of accidents and keeping our injury 

rates as close as to zero.

To briefly illustrate the scope of the incidents, the Group 

has categorised our incidents according to the severity 

of the accident, ranging from minor injury to permanent 

disability and death. All incidents are reported to the 

Safety Committee with a report on the details of the 

incident. Please refer to the following for the respective 

incident rates for FY2017.

 

 

Number of 

 

Incident type 

Incidents

Minor injury  

 

5

Injury requiring medical attention 

4

Injur resulting in permanent disabilities 

0

Occupational injury and disease   

0

Death 

 

0










GRI Content Index

Category

Disclosure

Description

Page Reference and Remarks

GRI 102:  

General Disclosures

102-1 *

Name of the organization

Cover Page of Annual Report FY2017

102-2 *

Activities, brands, 

products, and services

Pages 81 and 82 of Annual Report FY2017

102-3 *

Location of headquarters

Page 55 of Annual Report FY2017

102-4 *

Location of operations

Pages 81 and 82 of Annual Report FY2017

102-5 *

Ownership and legal form

Pages 81 and 82 of Annual Report FY2017

102-6 *

Markets served

Pages 81 and 82 of Annual Report FY2017

102-7 *

Scale of the organization

Pages 49 to 51 and 118 of Annual Report FY2017

102-8 *

Information on employees 

and other workers

Page 13 of Sustainability Report

102-9 *

Supply chain

Page 3 of Sustainability Report

102-10 *

Significant changes to the 

organization and its supply 

chain

None

102-11 *

Precautionary Principle or 

approach

Page 10 of Sustainability Report

102-12 *

External initiatives

Page 8 of Sustainability Report

102-13 *

Membership of 

associations

Page 9 of Sustainability Report

GRI 102: Strategy

102-14 *

Statement from senior 

decision-maker

Pages 2 to 3 of Sustainability Report

GRI 102: Ethics and 

Integrity

102-16 *

Values, principles, 

standards, and norms of 

behaviour

Page 3 of Annual Report FY2017

Pages 4 to 6 of Sustainability Report

GRI 102: Governance

102-18 *

Governance structure

Pages 22 to 40 of Annual Report FY2017

Page 10 of Sustainability Report

GRI 102: Stakeholder 

Engagement

102-40 *

List of stakeholder groups

Page 11 of Sustainability Report

102-41 *

Collective bargaining 

agreements

None

102-42 *

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders

Page 11 of Sustainability Report

102-43 *

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement

Pages 38 to 39 of Annual Report FY2017

Page 11 of Sustainability Report

102-44 *

Key topics and concerns 

raised

Page 10 of Sustainability Report 

GRI 102: Reporting 

Practice

102-45 *

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements

Page 20 of Annual Report FY2017

102-46 *

Defining report content 

and topic Boundaries

Page 1 of Sustainability Report

102-47 *

List of material topics

Page 10 of Sustainability Report 

102-48 *

Restatements of 

information

Not applicable as this is the first year of SR 

reporting


Category

Disclosure

Description

Page Reference and Remarks

102-49 *

Changes in reporting

Not applicable as this is the first year of SR 

reporting

102-50 *

Reporting period

FY2017 (1 January 2017- 31 December 2017)

102-51 *

Date of most recent report

Not applicable as this is the first year of SR 

reporting

102-52 *

Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53 *

Contact point for 

questions regarding the 

report

Page 1 of Sustainability Report

102-54 *

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with the GRI 

Standards

Core options (33 items)

102-55 *

GRI content index

Page 23 of Sustainability Report

102-56 *

External Assurance

None

GRI 201: Economic 

Performance

DMA

Disclosure of Management 

Approach

Pages 2 to 3 of Sustainability Report

201-1

Direct economic value 

generated and distributed

Page 12 of Sustainability Report 

201-2

Financial implications 

and other risks and 

opportunities due to

Page 13 of Sustainability Report 

201-3

Defined benefit plan 

obligations and other 

retirement plans

Page 13 of Sustainability Report  

201-4

Financial assistance 

received from government

Page 13 of Sustainability Report 

GRI 401: Employment DMA

Disclosure of Management 

Approach

Page 17 of Sustainability Report

401-1

New employee hires and 

employee turnover 

Page 18 of Sustainability Report

401-2

Benefits provided to full-

time employees that are 

not provided to temporary 

or part-time employees

Page 19 of Sustainability Report

401-3

Parental leave

Page 19 of Sustainability Report

GRI 403: 

Occupational Health 

and Safety

DMA

Disclosure of Management 

Approach

Pages 20 to 21 of Sustainability Report

403-1

Workers representation in 

formal joint Management–

Worker Health and Safety 

Committees

Page 20 of Sustainability Report

403-2

Types of injury and rate of 

injury

Page 22 of Sustainability Report

403-3

Workers with high 

incidence or high risk of 

diseases related to their 

occupation

Page 22 of Sustainability Report


MENCAST HOLDINGS LTD

42E Penjuru Road, Mencast Central,

Singapore 609161

T +65 6268 4331

F +65 6264 4156

W www.mencast.com.sg

E ir@mencast.com.sg





