
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

MERCURIUS CAPITAL INVESTMENT LIMITED 

(INCORPORATED IN SINGAPORE) 

(COMPANY REGISTRATION NO. 198200473E) 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT  

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED  

31 DECEMBER 2017 

 

 

 

 

 




1 

 

 

Contents 

About This Report ................................................................................................................................... 2 

Chairman/CEO Statement ....................................................................................................................... 2 

Governance and Statement of the Board ............................................................................................... 2 

Sustainability Targets .............................................................................................................................. 3 

Key Stakeholder Engagement ................................................................................................................. 3 

Material Topics and Boundaries ............................................................................................................. 3 

Organisation Profile ................................................................................................................................ 4 

Ethics and Integrity (GRI 205-1, 205-2, 205-3) ........................................................................................ 5 

Social Topics ............................................................................................................................................ 6 

SGX Five Primary Components Index ...................................................................................................... 7 

GRI Standards Content Index and GRI Indicators ................................................................................... 7 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This Sustainability Report has been prepared by the Company and its contents have been reviewed by 

the Company’s sponsor, ZICO Capital Pte. Ltd. (the “Sponsor”), for compliance with the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist. The 

Sponsor has not independently verified the contents of this Sustainability Report. 

This Sustainability Report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes 

no responsibility for the contents of this Sustainability Report including the correctness of any of the 

statements or opinions made or reports contained in this Sustainability Report. 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms. Alice Ng, Director of Continuing Sponsorship, ZICO Capital 

Pte. Ltd. at 8 Robinson Road, #09-00 ASO Building, Singapore 048544, telephone (65) 6636 4201. 


2 

 

About This Report 

Mercurius Capital Investment Limited (“Mercurius Capital” or the “Company”, and together with its 

subsidiaries, the “Group”) presents its first annual Sustainability Report (the “Report”) which covers 

the Group’s performance from 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017 (“FY2017”). 

This Report provides information about Mercurius Capital’s key sustainability topics, its management 

approach as well as its performance across the Group’s operations. The Group has chosen the Global 

Reporting Initiative Standards (“GRI Standards”) as it is the most established international 

sustainability reporting standard. This Report is prepared in accordance with the “Core” option if the 

GRI Standards and incorporates the primary components of the report content as set out by the 

“comply or explain” requirements on sustainability reporting under Rule 711B of the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist. 

The material topics applicable to the Group are identified based on their impact on the Group’s 

internal and external stakeholders, as outlined in the “Key Stakeholder’s Engagement” section. 

Detailed section reference with GRI Standards is found at under the “GRI Standards Content Index 

and GRI Indicators” section. The Sustainability Task Force has assessed that external assurance is not 

required as the Group wishes to continue strengthening its sustainability reporting framework for 

the next few years as the Group commences its new business in property development and property 

investment.  

The Company welcomes feedback from stakeholders with regard to its sustainability efforts as this 

will enable us to improve its policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and 

suggestions to Mr. Raphael Liew, Group Finance Manager at raphael@mercuriuscapital.com. 

Chairman/CEO Statement 

In March 2017, the Group made significant but necessary changes to diversify into a new business. 

The Company disposed of and discontinued its then business in original design manufacturing and 

obtained its shareholders’ approval to diversify into property development and property investment 

(“New Business”). Since then, the Company entered into a joint venture to develop a land located at 

Kempas, Johor Bahru, Malaysia, and the Company is currently in the process of converting the 

Kempas land title from residential use to commercial use. As and when the Group commences the 

New Business, the Group will adopt sustainability practices relevant for the property development 

and investment business including the assessment of joint venture partners for economic, 

environmental and social compliance, as well as engaging the local communities. 

Governance and Statement of the Board 

Mercurius Capital is committed towards shaping a sustainable society. The Group has established a 

Sustainability Task Force which reviews the Group’s sustainability objectives, challenges, targets and 

progress to align with our strategic direction. The Sustainability Task Force currently comprises the 

Group Finance Manager, Mr Raphael Liew, and will constitute other department heads moving 

forward. The Sustainability Task Force reports directly to the board of directors of the Company 

(“Board”) to consider sustainability issues as part of our strategic formulation, determine the 

material environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors and oversee the management and 

monitoring of these factors. 

The Group has also adopted a precautionary approach in its strategic decision making and day-to-

day operations by setting appropriate risk appetite and risk tolerance to ensure material risks are 

identified and mitigated to acceptable level.  


3 

 

Sustainability Targets 

The Group will adopt a prudent approach in managing its business and continue to encourage 

diversity in our workforce. The Group continues to comply with applicable laws, regulations and 

professional codes of conduct. 

Key Stakeholder Engagement 

Mercurius Capital engages with all its stakeholders through a variety of channels to gather their 

feedback and update them on the Group’s business developments. The Company identifies 

stakeholders as groups that have an impact, or have the potential to be impacted by our business, as 

well as external organisations that have expertise in topics that the Company considers material. The 

feedback we receive from our stakeholders helps us to determine our material topics and identify 

our focus areas as the following: 

Stakeholders 

Areas of Concern 

Means of Engagement 

Section Reference 

Employees 

 

Ethics and conduct 

 

Remuneration and 

benefits 

 

Training and 

development 

 

Training needs 

identification exercise 

 

Trainings 

 

Performance appraisal 

 

Sustainability reporting 

 

Ethics and Integrity 

 

Social Topics 

Shareholders 

and investors 

 

Economic performance 

 

Anti-corruption 

 

SGX-ST announcements 

 

Annual reports 

 

Investor relations 

management 

 

Whistle blowing channels 

 

Sustainability reporting 

 

Ethics and Integrity 

 

Social Topics 

Government 

and regulatory 

bodies 

 

 

Regulatory and 

industrial requirements 

 

Sustainability reporting 

 

Ongoing dialogues 

 

Social Topics 

Communities 

 

Social development 

 

Sustainability reporting 

 

Social Topics 

 

Material Topics and Boundaries 

The Company has applied the GRI Standards for defining report content to identify material topics 

which are relevant to the business and to its stakeholders. The Company has conducted a materiality 

assessment  based on the guidelines of GRI Standards. Although the Company has obtained its 

shareholders’ approval for diversification into the New Business, operations of the New Business has 

yet to commence as at 31 December 2017. Hence, no environmental topics were selected. The 

Group will report material topics as and when these topics become relevant as a result of the New 

Business. The following table summarises topics which were determined to be the most significant 

to the Group currently:  

Material Topics 

Boundaries (where the impacts occur) 

ECONOMIC 

GRI 205: Anti-Corruption 

The Group 

SOCIAL  

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

The Group 

GRI 406: Non-Discrimination 

The Group 

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 

The Group 

 

 


 

Organisation Profile 

 

Company Name: Mercurius Capital 

Founded: 1980 

 

Mercurius Capital was listed on the SGX SESDAQ 

Automated Quotation system) in 1995 and subsequently transited to CATALIST 

September 2009. Over the years since its listing 

and bedding business to manufacturing and selling of children's clothing

March 2017, the Company completed 

property development and property investment.

Apart from property development and

includes financial investment business activities, fund 

and providing financial advisory services, providing financing and operating leases, and operations in 

renewable energy products. The Company also owns the "Friven &amp; Co." brand, a local Singapore bed 

linens and bedding product with good quality and contemporary designs.

The Company has obtained its shareholders’ approval to diversify its business into property 

development and property investment. This involves (i) activities such as real estate

investments and property development activities (including acquisition, development and/or sale of 

real estate) and holding of investments in real estate and residential, hospitality (including hotels 

and/or serviced residences), commercial (retail and office), indust

properties (including mixed development properties) (“

acquisition and holding of investments in Property Related Assets, as well as trading in and holding 

the same for long term investment purposes. The Group ventured into the New Business to, among 

others, expand its revenue base and offer new business opportunities to enhance shareholders’ 

value. 

 



urius Capital Investment Limited 

Company Headquarter: Singapore

Listed on SGX-ST: 1995

Mercurius Capital was listed on the SGX SESDAQ (Stock Exchange of Singapore Dealing and 

) in 1995 and subsequently transited to CATALIST 

. Over the years since its listing on SGX, the Company had evolved from bedlinen 

and bedding business to manufacturing and selling of children's clothing (“Previous Business

March 2017, the Company completed the disposal of the Previous Business, and 

property development and property investment. 

Apart from property development and property investment, the Company’s business scope also 

includes financial investment business activities, fund management, advising on corporate finance 

and providing financial advisory services, providing financing and operating leases, and operations in 

renewable energy products. The Company also owns the "Friven &amp; Co." brand, a local Singapore bed 

ding product with good quality and contemporary designs. 

The Company has obtained its shareholders’ approval to diversify its business into property 

development and property investment. This involves (i) activities such as real estate

and property development activities (including acquisition, development and/or sale of 

real estate) and holding of investments in real estate and residential, hospitality (including hotels 

and/or serviced residences), commercial (retail and office), industrial and any other suitable types of 

properties (including mixed development properties) (“Property Related Assets

acquisition and holding of investments in Property Related Assets, as well as trading in and holding 

tment purposes. The Group ventured into the New Business to, among 

others, expand its revenue base and offer new business opportunities to enhance shareholders’ 

 

 





4 

Company Headquarter: Singapore 

1995 

(Stock Exchange of Singapore Dealing and 

) in 1995 and subsequently transited to CATALIST with effect from 22 

n SGX, the Company had evolved from bedlinen 

Previous Business”). On 

the disposal of the Previous Business, and diversified into 

 

s business scope also 

management, advising on corporate finance 

and providing financial advisory services, providing financing and operating leases, and operations in 

renewable energy products. The Company also owns the "Friven &amp; Co." brand, a local Singapore bed 

The Company has obtained its shareholders’ approval to diversify its business into property 

development and property investment. This involves (i) activities such as real estate-related 

and property development activities (including acquisition, development and/or sale of 

real estate) and holding of investments in real estate and residential, hospitality (including hotels 

rial and any other suitable types of 

Property Related Assets”); and (ii) 

acquisition and holding of investments in Property Related Assets, as well as trading in and holding 

tment purposes. The Group ventured into the New Business to, among 

others, expand its revenue base and offer new business opportunities to enhance shareholders’ 




5 

 

Ethics and Integrity (GRI 205-1, 205-2, 205-3) 

Ethics and Compliance 

Mercurius Capital is committed to conducting its business in accordance to the highest standards of 

business ethics. The Group works diligently to ensure that its employees comply with applicable laws, 

regulations and professional codes of conduct. 

Anti-Corruption and Whistle-Blowing 

The Group takes a strong stance against corruption and does not tolerate any malpractice, 

impropriety, statutory non-compliance or wrongdoing by staff in the course of their work. To 

achieve the highest standards of integrity and accountability, the Group implemented a whistle-

blowing policy whereby accessible channels are provided for employees, shareholders, business 

partners and external parties to raise concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting, 

fraudulent acts and other irregularities, and to ensure that arrangements are in place for 

independent investigations of such matters and timely implementation of appropriate preventive 

and corrective actions.  This framework promotes responsible and secure whistleblowing without 

fear of adverse consequences and offer reassurance that they will be protected from reprisals for 

whistle-blowing in good faith within the limits of the law. 

The administration of this policy is overseen by the Company’s Audit Committee (“AC”) and periodic 

reports will be submitted to the AC stating the number and the nature of complaints received, the 

results of the investigations, follow-up actions and unresolved complaints. There were no reports 

received through the whistle-blowing mechanism in FY2017. 

Interested Person Transactions 

The Company has established procedures governing all interested person transactions (“IPTs”) to 

ensure that all transactions with interested persons are reported in a timely manner to the AC and 

that the transactions are conducted at arm’s length basis and will not be prejudicial to the interests 

of the Company and its minority Shareholders. 

The Group does not have a general mandate from Shareholders for IPTs pursuant to Rule 920(1)(a)(i) 

of the Catalist Rules. There were no IPTs entered into between the Company or its subsidiary 

corporations and any of its interested persons exceeding $100,000 during FY2017. 

Dealing in Securities 

The Company has adopted an internal code on dealings in securities to govern dealings in its shares 

by the Directors, the management and officers of the Group. This internal code is modelled on the 

Code relating to dealings in securities and has been disseminated to the Directors, the management 

and officers of the Group. The Directors, the management and officers of the Group who have 

access to price-sensitive, financial or confidential information are not permitted to deal in the 

Company’s shares during the periods commencing two weeks before the announcement of the of 

the Group’s quarterly financial results for the first three (3) quarters and one (1) month before the 

announcement of the Group’s full year financial results and ending on the date of announcement of 

such financial results, or when they are in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information on 

the Group. In addition, the Directors, the management and officers of the Group are discouraged 

from dealing in the Company’s shares on short term considerations. The Directors, the management 

and officers are expected to observe insider trading laws at all times even when dealing in securities 

within the permitted trading period. 


6 

 

Working with Reputable Partners 

In FY2017, the Company has obtained its shareholders’ approval to diversify its business into 

property development and property investment. The Group had entered into a joint venture 

agreement with HM Realty Holdings Sdn. Bhd. to develop a plot of freehold land in Kempas, Johor 

Bahru, Malaysia, into mixed development properties comprising shopping mall, hotels, and offices. 

In the journey of diversification in our business, the Group will engage in more partnerships and will 

continue to assess all major partners on their environmental and social impacts using topics from the 

GRI Standards. The assessment includes disclosure on their compliance with relevant international 

and local laws, whether they have taken mitigating actions to address impacts (if any) and whether 

there have been fines, sanctions or penalties against them for the past two years.  

Social Topics 

Diversity and Equal Opportunities (GRI 405-1, 405-2, 406-1) 

The Group embraces diversity and offers employees an environment of equity and inclusiveness, 

and does do not discriminate our employees in any aspects, including gender, race, religion or age. 

All employees are treated with respect and there was no reported incident of discrimination in 

FY2017. 

Compliance with Social and Economic Laws and Regulations (GRI 419-1) 

The Group adheres to labor standards and complies strictly with local laws, and encourages open 

communication and comply with the Group’s policies and procedures. In FY2017, there were no 

fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and 

economic area. 

 

 


7 

 

SGX Five Primary Components Index 

S/N 

Primary Component   

Section Reference  

1 

Material Topics  

 

Key Stakeholders Engagement 

 

Material Topics and Boundaries 

 

Ethics and Integrity 

 

Social Topics 

2 

Policies,  

Practices and Performance  

 

Ethics and Integrity 

 

Social Topics 

3 

Board Statement  

Governance and Statement of the Board 

4 

Targets  

Sustainability Targets 

5 

Framework  

About This Report 

 

GRI Standards Content Index and GRI Indicators 

GRI 

Standards 

Disclosure Content  

Report Section Reference  

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Organisation Profile 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Organisation Profile 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Organisation Profile 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Organisation Profile 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Organisation Profile 

102-6 

Markets served 

Organisation Profile 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Organisation Profile 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Social Topics 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Organisation Profile 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

Chairman/CEO Statement 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach 

Governance and Statement of the 

Board 

102-12 

External initiatives 

N.A. 

102-13 

Membership of associations  

Organisation Profile 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

Chairman/CEO Statement 

102-15 

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities 

Chairman/CEO Statement 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour  

Ethics and Integrity 

102-17 

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about 

ethics 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-18 

Governance structure  

Governance and Statement of the 

Board 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups  

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders  

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries  

About This Report, Material Topics and 

Boundaries 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Material Topics and Boundaries 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

N.A. as this is the first report issued 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

N.A. as this is the first report issued 

102-50 

Reporting period 

About This Report 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

N.A. as this is the first report issued 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

About This Report 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

About This Report 


8 

 

GRI 

Standards 

Disclosure Content  

Report Section Reference  

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

About This Report 

102-55 

GRI content index 

GRI Standards Content Index and GRI 

Indicators 

102-56 

External assurance 

About This Report 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

Ethics and Integrity 

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures 

Ethics and Integrity 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken 

Ethics and Integrity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

Diversity and Equal Opportunities 

405-2 

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women 

to men 

Diversity and Equal Opportunities 

406-1 

Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions 

taken 

Diversity and Equal Opportunities 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area 

Compliance with Social and Economic 

Laws and Regulations 

 

