
 

Sustainability Report 2018

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This Sustainability Report has been prepared by the Company and its contents have been reviewed by 

the Company’s sponsor, ZICO Capital Pte. Ltd. (

the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX

Catalist.  

This Sustainability Report has not been examined or approved by the SGX

no responsibility for the contents of this 

statements or opinions made or reports contained in this 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms. Alice Ng, Director of Continuing Sponsorship, ZICO Capital 

Pte. Ltd. at 8 Robinson Road, #09

















Sustainability Report 2018 

eport has been prepared by the Company and its contents have been reviewed by 

the Company’s sponsor, ZICO Capital Pte. Ltd. (the “Sponsor”), in accordance with Rule 226(2)(b) of 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of 

eport has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX

no responsibility for the contents of this Sustainability Report including the correctness of any of the 

statements or opinions made or reports contained in this Sustainability Report. 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms. Alice Ng, Director of Continuing Sponsorship, ZICO Capital 

oad, #09-00 ASO Building, Singapore 048544, telephone (65) 6636 4201.

















1 

 

eport has been prepared by the Company and its contents have been reviewed by 

in accordance with Rule 226(2)(b) of 

ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of 

ST and the SGX-ST assumes 

including the correctness of any of the 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms. Alice Ng, Director of Continuing Sponsorship, ZICO Capital 

00 ASO Building, Singapore 048544, telephone (65) 6636 4201. 


2 

 

Contents 

Executive Chairman and CEO Statement .................................................................................... 3 

Organisation Profile .......................................................................................................................... 4 

About This Report .............................................................................................................................. 4 

Governance and Statement of the Board .................................................................................... 5 

Sustainability Targets ....................................................................................................................... 5 

Key Stakeholders Engagement ...................................................................................................... 5 

Material Topics and Boundaries .................................................................................................... 6 

Ethics and Integrity ........................................................................................................................... 7 

Social Topics ....................................................................................................................................... 8 

SGX Five Primary Components Index .......................................................................................... 9 

GRI Standards Content Index and GRI Indicators..................................................................... 9 

 

 

 


3 

 

Executive Chairman and CEO Statement 

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

I am pleased to present the Sustainability Report of Mercurius Capital Investment Limited 

(“Mercurius Capital” or the “Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) for 

the financial year ended 31 December 2018 (“FY 2018”).  

As we venture into the new business units of property development and property investment, 

we endeavour to expand our revenue base and offer new business opportunities to enhance 

shareholders’ value. The Group will adopt sustainability practices relevant for the property 

development and investment business, including the assessment of joint venture partners for 

economic, environmental and social compliance, as well as engaging the local communities. 

The Group signed a licensing agreement with Clover Lifestyle Sdn Bhd (“Clover”) on 13 July 

2018, whereby the Company granted Clover the right to use the Group’s proprietary brands 

for the sale of bedding, bed linen and bath products exclusively in Singapore and Malaysia 

for a duration of 12 months. The Group will assess Clover’s performance and closely monitor 

Clover’s progress to ensure product responsibility. 

On behalf of the Board of Directors and management, we would like to thank our business 

partners, customers and shareholders for their unwavering support and faith for the Group 

over the years. We look forward to growing the Group’s business strategically to provide 

greater value to our shareholders. 

 

MR CHANG WEI LU 

Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

 

 

 


4 

 

Organisation Profile 

Mercurius Capital is an investment holding company listed on the Catalist board of the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited, principally engaged in property 

development and property investment in Malaysia (“Property Business”). This involves (i) 

activities such as real estate-related investments and property development activities 

(including acquisition, development and/or sale of real estate) and holding of investments in 

real estate and residential, hospitality (including hotels and/or serviced residences), 

commercial (retail and office), industrial and any other suitable types of properties (including 

mixed development properties) (“Property Related Assets”); and (ii) acquisition and holding 

of investments in Property Related Assets, as well as trading in and holding the same for 

long term investment purposes. Our joint venture with HM Realty Holdings Sdn Bhd to 

develop a plot of land in Kempas, Johor Bahru, Malaysia (“Kempas Land”) was stalled, 

pending approval from Majlis Bandaraya Johor Bahru (“MBJB”) for conversion of the 

Kempas Land from residential use to commercial use. As at to-date, the Company has yet to 

receive the approval from MBJB. The Company will continue to seek for approval from 

MBJB on the conversion of Kempas Land and proceed with the Company’s initial proposed 

plan for a mix-development property.   

The Company also owns the “Friven &amp; Co.” brand, a local Singapore bed linens and bedding 

product with good quality and contemporary designs. In our effort to re-penetrate into the 

bed linen business and revive the “Friven &amp; Co.” brand, the Company had on 13 July 2018 

signed a licensing agreement with Clover, whereby the Company granted Clover the right to 

use the Group’s proprietary brands, namely Friven, Allegoria, DS, and Relax at home (the 

“Brands”) for the sale of bedding, bed linen and bath products exclusively in Singapore and 

Malaysia for a duration of 12 months ending 31 July 2019 (“Licensing Period”).  

About This Report 

Mercurius Capital presents its annual Sustainability Report (the “Report”) which covers the 

Group’s performance from 1 January 2018 to 31 December 2018 (“FY2018”). 

This Report provides information about Mercurius Capital’s key sustainability topics, its 

management approach as well as its performance across the Group’s operations. The 

Group has chosen the Global Reporting Initiative Standards (“GRI Standards”) as it is the 

most established international sustainability reporting standard. This Report is prepared in 

accordance with the “Core” option of the GRI Standards and incorporates the primary 

components of the report content as set out by the “comply or explain” requirements on 

sustainability reporting under Rule 711B of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist. 

The material topics applicable to the Group are identified based on their impact on the 

Group’s internal and external stakeholders, as outlined in the “Key Stakeholder’s 

Engagement” section. Detailed section reference with GRI Standards is found at under the 

“GRI Standards Content Index and GRI Indicators” section. The Sustainability Task Force 

has assessed that external assurance is not required as the Group wishes to continue 

strengthening its sustainability reporting framework for the next few years as the Group 

commences its new business in property development and property investment.  

The Company welcomes feedback from stakeholders with regard to its sustainability efforts 

as this will enable us to improve its policies, systems and results. Please send your 

comments and suggestions to Mr. Raphael Liew, Group Finance Manager at 

raphael@mercuriuscapital.com. 


5 

 

Governance and Statement of the Board 

Mercurius Capital is committed towards shaping a sustainable society. The Group has 

established a Sustainability Task Force which reviews the Group’s sustainability objectives, 

challenges, targets and progress to align with our strategic direction. The Sustainability Task 

Force currenctly comprises the Group Finance Manager, Mr Raphael Liew, and will 

constitute other department heads moving forward. The Sustainability Task Force reports 

directly to the board of directors of the Company (“Board”) to consider sustainability issues 

as part of our strategic formulation, determine the material environmental, social and 

governance factors and oversee the management and monitoring of these factors. 

The Group has also adopted a precautionary approach in its strategic decision making and 

day-to-day operations by setting appropriate risk appetite and risk tolerance to ensure 

material risks are identified and mitigated to acceptable level.  

Sustainability Targets 

The Group will adopt a prudent approach in managing its business and continue to 

encourage diversity in our workforce. The Group continues to comply with applicable laws, 

regulations and professional codes of conduct. 

We aim to maintain zero social and economic non-compliance in FY2019 and will maintain 

strict compliance with applicable laws, regulations and professional codes of conduct. 

Key Stakeholders Engagement 

Mercurius Capital engages with all its stakeholders through a variety of channels to gather 

their feedback and update them on the Group’s business developments. The Company 

identifies stakeholders as groups that have an impact, or have the potential to be impacted 

by our business, as well as external organisations that have expertise in topics that the 

Company considers material. The feedback we receive from our stakeholders helps us to 

determine our material topics and identify our focus areas as the following: 

Stakeholders 

Areas of Concern 

Means of Engagement 

Section Reference 

Employees 

 

Ethics and conduct 

 

Remuneration and 

benefits 

 

Training and 

development 

 

Training needs 

identification exercise 

 

Trainings 

 

Performance appraisal 

 

Sustainability reporting 

 

Ethics and Integrity 

 

Social Topics 

Shareholders 

and investors 

 

Economic 

performance 

 

Anti-corruption 

 

SGX-ST 

announcements 

 

Annual reports 

 

Investor relations 

management 

 

Whistle blowing 

channels 

 

Sustainability reporting 

 

Ethics and Integrity 

 

Social Topics 

Government 

and 

regulatory 

bodies 

 

 

Regulatory and 

industrial 

requirements 

 

Sustainability reporting 

 

Ongoing dialogues 

 

Social Topics 

Communities 

 

Social development 

 

Sustainability reporting 

 

Social Topics 


6 

 

Material Topics and Boundaries 

 

The Company has applied the GRI Standards for defining report content to identify material 

topics which are relevant to the business and to its stakeholders. The Company has 

conducted a materiality assessment  based on the guidelines of GRI Standards. Although 

the Company has obtained its shareholders’ approval for diversification into the new 

business including the Property Business, operations of the Property Business has yet to 

commence as at 31 December 2018. Hence, no environmental topics were selected. The 

Group will report material topics as and when these topics become relevant as a result of the 

Property Business. The following table summarises topics which were determined to be the 

most significant to the Group currently:  

Material Topics 

Boundaries (where the impacts occur) 

ECONOMIC 

GRI 205: Anti-Corruption 

The Group 

SOCIAL  

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

The Group 

GRI 406: Non-Discrimination 

The Group 

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 

The Group 

 

 


7 

 

Ethics and Integrity (GRI 205-1, 205-2, 205-3) 

 

Ethics and Compliance 

Mercurius Capital is committed to conducting its business in accordance to the highest 

standards of business ethics. The Group works diligently to ensure that its employees 

comply with applicable laws, regulations and professional codes of conduct. 

Anti-Corruption and Whistle-Blowing 

The Group takes a strong stance against corruption and does not tolerate any malpractice, 

impropriety, statutory non-compliance or wrongdoing by staff in the course of their work. To 

achieve the highest standards of integrity and accountability, the Group implemented a 

whistle-blowing policy whereby accessible channels are provided for employees, 

shareholders, business partners and external parties to raise concerns about possible 

improprieties in financial reporting, fraudulent acts and other irregularities, and to ensure that 

arrangements are in place for independent investigations of such matters and timely 

implementation of appropriate preventive and corrective actions.  This framework promotes 

responsible and secure whistleblowing without fear of adverse consequences and offer 

reassurance that they will be protected from reprisals for whistle-blowing in good faith within 

the limits of the law. 

The administration of this policy is overseen by the Company’s Audit Committee (“AC”) and 

periodic reports will be submitted to the AC stating the number and the nature of complaints 

received, the results of the investigations, follow-up actions and unresolved complaints. 

There were no reports received through the whistle-blowing mechanism in FY2018. 

Interested Person Transactions 

The AC will review all IPTs to be entered to ensure that the relevant rules under Chapter 9 of 

the Catalist Rules are complied with. The Company has established procedures to ensure 

that all transactions with interested persons are reported in a timely manner to the AC and 

that the transactions are conducted at arm’s length basis and will not be prejudicial to the 

interests of the Company and its minority Shareholders. 

The Group does not have a general mandate from Shareholders for IPT pursuant to Rule 

920(1)(a)(i) of the Catalist Rules. There were no IPTs entered into between the Company or 

its subsidiary corporations and any of its interested persons exceeding S$100,000 during 

FY2018. 

Dealing in Securities 

The Company has adopted an internal code on dealings in securities to govern dealings in 

its shares by the Directors, the Management and officers of the Group. This internal code is 

modelled on the Code relating to dealings in securities and has been disseminated to the 

Directors, the Management and officers of the Group. The Directors, the Management and 

officers of the Group who have access to price-sensitive, financial or confidential information 

are not permitted to deal in the Company’s shares during the periods commencing two (2) 

weeks before the announcement of the Group’s quarterly financial results for the first three 

(3) quarters and one (1) month before the announcement of the Group’s full yearly financial 

results and ending on the date of announcement of such financial results, or when they are 

in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information on the Group. In addition, the 

Directors, the Management and officers of the Group are discouraged from dealing in the 

Company’s shares on short term considerations. The Directors, the Management and 


8 

 

officers are expected to observe insider trading laws at all times even when dealing in 

securities within the permitted trading period. 

Social Topics 

 

Diversity and Equal Opportunities (GRI 405-1, 405-2, 406-1) 

The Group embraces diversity and offers employees an environment of equity and 

inclusiveness, and does do not discriminate our employees in any aspects, including gender, 

race, religion or age. All employees are treated with respect and there was no reported 

incident of discrimination in FY2018. 

Compliance with Social and Economic Laws and Regulations (GRI 419-1) 

In the journey of diversification in our business, the Group will engage in more partnerships 

and will continue to assess all major partners on their environmental and social impacts 

using topics from the GRI Standards. The assessment includes disclosure on their 

compliance with relevant international and local laws, whether they have taken mitigating 

actions to address impacts (if any) and whether there have been fines, sanctions or 

penalties against them for the past two years.  

The Group adheres to labor standards and complies strictly with local laws, and encourages 

open communication and comply with the Group’s policies and procedures. In FY2018, there 

were no fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area. In FY2019, the Group aims to achieve zero non-compliance with 

laws and regulations in the social and economic area. 

 

 


9 

 

SGX Five Primary Components Index 

S/N 

Primary Component   

Section Reference  

1 

Material Topics  

 

Key Stakeholders Engagement 

 

Material Topics and Boundaries 

 

Ethics and Integrity 

 

Social Topics 

2 

Policies,  

Practices and Performance  

 

Ethics and Integrity 

 

Social Topics 

3 

Board Statement  

Governance and Statement of the Board 

4 

Targets  

Sustainability Targets 

5 

Framework  

About This Report 

 

GRI Standards Content Index and GRI Indicators 

GRI 

Standards 

Disclosure Content  

Report Section Reference  

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Organisation Profile 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Organisation Profile 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Organisation Profile 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Organisation Profile 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Organisation Profile 

102-6 

Markets served 

Organisation Profile 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Organisation Profile 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Social Topics 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Organisation Profile 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and 

its supply chain 

Chairman/CEO Statement 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach 

Governance and Statement of the 

Board 

102-12 

External initiatives 

N.A. 

102-13 

Membership of associations  

Organisation Profile 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

Chairman/CEO Statement 

102-15 

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities 

Chairman/CEO Statement 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour  

Ethics and Integrity 

102-17 

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about 

ethics 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-18 

Governance structure  

Governance and Statement of the 

Board 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups  

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders  

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries  

About This Report, Material Topics 

and Boundaries 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Material Topics and Boundaries 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

N.A. as this is the first report issued 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

N.A. as this is the first report issued 

102-50 

Reporting period 

About This Report 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

N.A. as this is the first report issued 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

About This Report 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

About This Report 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

About This Report 

102-55 

GRI content index 

GRI Standards Content Index and 


10 

 

GRI 

Standards 

Disclosure Content  

Report Section Reference  

GRI Indicators 

102-56 

External assurance 

About This Report 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

Ethics and Integrity 

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures 

Ethics and Integrity 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken 

Ethics and Integrity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees 

Diversity and Equal Opportunities 

405-2 

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of 

women to men 

Diversity and Equal Opportunities 

406-1 

Incidents of discrimination and corrective 

actions taken 

Diversity and Equal Opportunities 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in 

the social and economic area 

Compliance with Social and 

Economic Laws and Regulations 

 

