
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




1 

 

1 BOARD STATEMENT 

 

We are pleased to present the third annual Sustainability Report of Mirach Energy Limited (“Mirach”, 

the “Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) for our financial year ended 31 

December 2019 (“FY2019”). This report is prepared in compliance with the requirements of 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Rules 711A and 711B, and 

references the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards. We have chosen to report using the GRI 

Standards because it is an internationally recognised reporting framework that covers a 

comprehensive range of sustainability disclosures. Moreover, the structured framework promotes 

reporting a full and balanced picture of Mirach’s material matters and the management of its impact. 

This report highlights the key economic, environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) related 

initiatives carried throughout a 12-month period, from 1 January to 31 December 2019. 

 

Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its stakeholders. 

As such, the key material EESG factors for the Group have been identified and cautiously reviewed 

by the management. The data and information provided have not been verified by an independent 

third party. We have relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy of data 

and information. The board of directors of the Group (the “Board”) oversees the management and 

monitoring of these factors and takes them into consideration in the determination of the Group’s 

strategic direction and policies.  

 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables 

us to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and 

suggestions to info@mirachenergy.com. 

 

28 August 2020 

 

 

 


2 

 

2 ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE  

 

Mirach Energy Limited (“Mirach” or the “Company” or “Group”) has been listed on the Singapore 

Exchange since 2004. In recent years, after paring down a large part of its oil and gas business, the 

group has diversified into property construction and development, agriculture and e-commerce 

businesses. 

 

For the oil and gas business, the Group is presently holding minority ownership of 9% in Gunung Indah 

Lestari Limited which holds 100% shares of a KSO operatorship in a marginal oil field in Indonesia. 

 

For the property construction and development business, Mirach, via its subsidiary Premier Mirach 

Sdn. Bhd., pursues property and construction projects in West Malaysia. The Company hopes to grow 

further in this industry going forward, whenever the opportunity arises. 

 

For the agriculture business, the Group acquired a 70% equity interest in RCL Kelstar Sdn. Bhd (“RCL”) 

in 2018, permitting Mirach to participate in an agriculture project in Malaysia.  

 

For the management services business, the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary Mirach HP 

Management Pte. Ltd. (“MHPM”) provides business and management consultancy services. 

 

For the new e-commerce businesses, the Group acquired full equity interest in Smart Life International 

Investment Group Co., Limited (“Smart Life”) on 3 June 2019. On 11 November 2019, Smart Life then 

acquired a 30% equity interest in Hu Bei ZeGang Supply-Chain Limited (“Hu Bei ZeGang”), which 

specialises in e-commerce, trading of agriculture products and construction material etc. as well as 

provision of internet information services.  

 

 

OUR INTERESTS IN ASIA 

 

Singapore 

The Group’s wholly-owned subsidiary Mirach HP Management Pte. Ltd. (“MHPM”) provides business 

and management consultancy services. MHPM is currently working with partners in Malaysia to 

provide marketing and sales consultancy for their business development, and hopes to acquire more 

human resource along the way to further develop its business. 

 

Malaysia 

In 2017, the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, CPHL (HK) Limited (“CPHL”) and PRG Construction 

Sdn. Bhd. (“PCSB”) set up a joint venture company Premier Mirach Sdn. Bhd. (“PMSB”) to pursue 

property and construction projects in Malaysia. CPHL and PCSB has a 75% and 25% shareholding in 

PMSB respectively.  

 

 

 


3 

 

The first construction project in West Malaysia was delayed in 2019 for a considerable amount of time 

due to a restructuring exercise by the project’s developer and PMSB has been in discussion with the 

relevant parties towards a recovery plan since 2019.  The discussions were also delayed due to the 

Movement Control Order (“MCO”) which was imposed by the government of Malaysia on 18 March 

2020 as a result of the Coronavirus outbreak.  On 25 August 2020, PMSB signed a final settlement 

agreement with the developer.  

 

Due to the unexpected continuous delay of the second construction project, PMSB held discussions 

with the developer and both parties have mutually agreed to cancel the Partnership Agreement in 

relation to the development of individual residential unit of townhouses in West Malaysia.No cost will 

be incurred by the Group as a result of this cancellation. 

 

On 18 July 2018, the Group acquired a 70% equity interest in RCL Kelstar Sdn. Bhd (“RCL”). RCL, in 

cooperation with the Kelantan State Economic Development Corporation (“KSEDC”), was set up to 

manage the development of a multi crop agriculture development project (“Project”) in Malaysia. 

KSEDC has been granted a fifty-year land concession of approximately 5,500 acres. RCL has in turn 

secured the rights to jointly undertake the Project together with KSEDC. 

 

As at 31 December 2019, RCL has entered into five separate cooperation agreements with business 

partners, for the purpose of developing a multi crop agriculture development project on 

approximately 2,750 acres or 50% of the concession land. The cooperation allows the business 

partners to engage in the planting, cultivation and harvesting of durian and other approved plant 

species.  

 

RCL will provide services and work with the business partners to facilitate the operations and 

development of the agriculture land and in turn collect management fees from these business 

partners. 

 

Indonesia 

In 2013, CHPL acquired minority interests of 10% in Gunung Kampung Minyak Ltd in Indonesia. In 2018, 

the interest in GKM was diluted to 9%.  

 

Hong Kong and The People’s Republic of China 

On 3 June 2019, the Group acquired full equity interest in Smart Life in Hong Kong. On 11 November 

2019, Smart Life had acquired 30% of the share capital of Hu Bei ZeGang Supply-Chain Limited (“Hu 

Bei ZeGang”) which specialises in e-commerce, trading of agriculture products and construction 

material etc. as well as provision of internet information services. 

 

 

 

 


4 

 

3 SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

 

OUR SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY 

 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT  

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and material 

factors relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken 

into account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, but are not 

limited to shareholders, employees, customers, supplies, contractors and authorities. We adopt both 

formal and informal channels of communication to understand the needs of key stakeholders, and 

incorporate these into our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships. 

 

Key Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Key Concerns Raised 

Shareholders &amp; 

Investors 

 

 Reports &amp; 

Announcements 

Annual and quarterly reports, 

Announcements on SGX, Investor 

relations section of the Company’s web-

site, Press release and coverage 

- Full compliance to 

regulation 

- Clear answers when 

questions are raised 

Meetings 

Annual General Meeting, Extraordinary 

Meeting, if any 

Employees 

Memos &amp; Circulars 

Circulation of internal memos, email 

communications on a need-to basis 

- Clear instructions from 

HOD 

- Clear guidance from 

management for meetings 

Meetings and Activities 

Meetings with management, team 

building activities, festival gatherings at 

least once a year. 

Customers 

Project completion 

Monthly meeting to ensure construction 

progress on track, Monthly progress 

report 

Good safety procedures at all 

times 

Suppliers 

 

Meetings &amp; 

communications 

Negotiations with suppliers, fair 

procurement process on an ongoing 

basis 

Better payment terms 

Contractors 

Project completion 

Monthly site meeting to ensure the 

contractor abide by the contract terms 

and specifications. 

More time to complete 

projects 

Authorities 

Emails &amp; Letters 

Compliance with regulations and 

guidelines via emails and letters to 

ensure adherence on need basis 

- Clearer write-ups and notes 

- Full compliance to 

regulation 

 

Dialogues  

Dialogues with the authorities when 

requested or on a need to basis. 

 

 

Plan and 

Scope

Engage 

Stakeholders

Assess 

Materiality

Collect Data

Report


5 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT  

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant factors. Relevant factors are then 

prioritised to identify material factors which are subject to validation. The end result of this process is 

a list of material factors disclosed in the Sustainability Report. Process of which are as shown below: 

 

 

 

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment during the year with the assistance of an external 

consultant. We engaged our employees from different departments, seeking our internal 

stakeholders’ feedback for prioritisation of these topics. Going forward, materiality review will be 

conducted every year, incorporating inputs gathered from stakeholders’ engagements. 

 

In order to determine if a factor is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment and society and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying the guidance from GRI, we 

have identified the following as our material factors:  

 

 

 

 

IDENTIFICATION

PRIORITISATION

VALIDATION

REVIEW



GOVERNANCE 

 

Corporate Governance 

Business Ethics 



SOCIAL  

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

Training and Education 

Local Communities 

Socioeconomic Compliance 



ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

Environmental Compliance 



ECONOMIC 

 

Economic Performance 

Anti-Corruption 

 






6 

 

4 ECONOMIC  

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

Mirach is committed to grow our customer base and exceed our customers’ expectations, providing 

them with competitive edge products by enhancing operational efficiency through incorporating 

effective use of technology, developing performance measures, communicating outcomes and results 

and implementing necessary changes, to provide fast and high quality services at low transactional 

costs.  

 

Due to the weak economic climate in the Indonesian Oil Exploration sector, the Group ceased 

operations and surrendered the KM Oil Field in 2017, following the termination of the KSO agreement. 

The Group still retains minority ownership of Gunung Kampung Minyak Ltd in Indonesia. 

 

For the financial year ended 31 December 2019, total revenue for the Group reported at US$3.344 

million.  

 

The Group recognised US$1.024 million from the sale of reports, US$1.652 million from provision of 

management and advisory services and US$0.630 million from timber logging activities, via its 

subsidiary, RCL Kelstar Sdn. Bhd., in relation to the agriculture segment. 

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to the Operation Review section pages “6 to 7” in our Annual 

Report 2019.  

 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

Mirach does not tolerate corruption in any form. Any report of corruption will be escalated to the 

attention of the Chairman. There is no anti-corruption policy. We prohibit corruption in all forms, 

including extortion and bribery. As set out in our whistle-blowing policy, all complaints shall be 

reported to the Audit Committee Chairman of the Company either in person or via an email that is 

only accessible by the Audit Committee Chairman. Similar to FY2018, there were no reported incidents 

of corruption during FY2019.  

 

Target: To maintain zero incidents of corruption. 

 


7 

 

5 ENVIRONMENTAL  

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

The Group takes measures to protect the environment such as energy savings on water and electricity 

and usage of recyclable office stationeries. Office air conditioners are set permanently at energy 

savings levels of 24 to 25 degrees Celsius. Lights are also turned off during lunch time so as not to 

waste unnecessary electricity. The Company has taken steps in trying to save the forest by printing its 

annual reports on recycled paper for many years. 

 

With the Group having entered into the real estate and construction business, it is determined to work 

closely with its team to determine the variables that the Group can control in the construction and 

real estate environment in the new projects. 

 

There was also no incidence of non-compliance with laws and regulations resulting in significant fines 

or sanctions in FY2019.   

 

Target: To maintain zero incidents of non-compliance.  

 


8 

 

6 SOCIAL 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

With the Group having gone into the real estate and construction business, we will strengthen and 

monitor the occupational health and safety of our employees. We will be committed to safeguarding 

our employees’ health and safety against any potential workplace hazards. We create Occupational 

Health and Safety awareness by pasting the policy in a conspicuous place and put the safety signs on 

site. We are proud to report that there were also no work place incidents for FY2019.  

 

Target: To maintain zero incidents of work place injury.  

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY  

Although the Group’s staff strength is very small, Mirach ensures compliance with labour and 

employment laws, including working hours. Furthermore, we ensure that no colleagues should be 

discriminated against because of age, gender, national origin, disability, religion, sexual orientation, 

marital or maternity status, union membership or political opinion, among others. Non-compliance in 

relation to discrimination is reportable through our whistleblowing system.  Below shows the Group’s 

staff composition chart in FY2019. In FY2019, we had a 40% increase headcount in our Organisation 

Governance Bodies and 30% increase in headcount in our Employees level:  

 

Target: To maintain zero instance of discrimination.  

 

Employees 

Organisation Governance Bodies 

29%

71%

AGE

&lt; 30 years, 0%

30 - 50 years, 29%

&gt;50 years, 71%

28%

29%

14%

29%

NATIONALITY

Singaporean, 28%

Hong Kong, 29%

Malaysian, 14%

PRC, 29% 

86%

14%



GENDER 

Male, 86% 

Female, 14% 

15%

62%

23%

AGE

&lt; 30 years, 15%

30 - 50 years, 62%

&gt;50 years, 23%

23%

31%

23%

23%

NATIONALITY

Singaporean, 23%

Hong Kong, 31%

Malaysian, 23%

PRC, 23%

38%

62%



GENDER 

Male, 38% 

Female, 62% 


9 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

Mirach understands that there is a continuous need to upgrade staff skills and knowledge. This is 

beneficial to staff development and also to the Company. Thus, staff are encouraged to go for courses 

and seminars to keep themselves updated of the latest rules and regulations and the market 

investment trends. 

 

Employees are given the opportunity to select trainings they wish to attend, recommended by HR or 

on ad-hoc basis. Staff are required to have a minimum of 1 half day training session for staff in 1 year. 

This has been achieved in FY2019.  

 

Target: We aim to provide more trainings to our employees in FY2020.  

 

 

LOCAL COMMUNITIES 

The Group firmly upholds fair employment practices and values each employee in the organization. 

We are committed in developing each employee to its full potential by providing equality of 

opportunities and promoting a healthy, positive and cohesive environment. We strive to also 

contribute in each country it is in, in small ways of Red Cross donations, with the Company’s limited 

resources currently.  

 

Target: With more resources in future, the Group hopes to embark on some larger scale community 

work and engage its staff in values creation work for the benefit of the society. 

 

 

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE 

We pride ourselves in having good corporate governance and observing compliance with applicable 

laws and regulations. The Group is committed to conduct the business with integrity and to safeguard 

the interest of all our stakeholders, both internal and external. 

 

Target: To maintain zero incidents of non-compliance.  


10 

 

7 GOVERNANCE 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The Board and the Management of Mirach are committed to the best practices in corporate 

governance to ensure sustainability of the Group’s operations. We believe that our constant drive for 

corporate excellence will allow us to establish a more transparent, accountable and equitable system, 

thereby increasing the value of the Company and its value to our shareholders. Please refer to the 

Annual Report 2019 pages 12 to 27 for details of the Group’s Corporate Governance Report. 

 

 

BUSINESS ETHICS 

All of our staff are reminded of the importance of upholding the highest standards when it comes to 

business ethics. The Group regularly updates relevant staff with development in international and 

local regulations. In FY2019, there were no significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-

compliance with laws and regulations. There have also been no reported incidents of corruption 

during the reporting period.  

 


11 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

Mirach Energy Limited 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

Sustainability Report (SR) page 3 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Singapore 

102-4 

Location of operations 

SR page 2, 3 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

SR page 2 

102-6 

Markets served 

SR page 2, 3 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

SR page 2, 3, 8 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

SR page 8 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Not applicable 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

None  

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Mirach does not specifically address the 

precautionary approach. 

102-12 

External initiatives 

SR page 9 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

None 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

SR page 1 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of behaviour 

SR page 10 

102-18 

Governance structure 

AR page 12 to 27 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR page 4 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR page 4 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR page 4 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR page 3 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

AR page 75 to 81 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

SR page 1 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR page 5 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

None 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None  

102-50 

Reporting period 

1 Jan to 31 Dec 2019 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

14 May 2019 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the report 

SR page 1 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

SR page 1  

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR page 11 

102-56 

External Assurance 

We may seek external assurance in the future. 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

SR page 6 

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

SR page 6 

 GRI 307: Environmental 

compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations 

SR page 7 

GRI 403: Occupational 

Health and Safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost 

days, and absenteeism, and number of work-related fatalities 

SR page 8 

GRI 404: Training and 

Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employee 

SR page 9 

GRI 405: Diversity and 

equal opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

SR page 8 

GRI 413: Local 

Communities 

413-1 

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programs 

SR page 9 

GRI 419: Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and 

economic area 

SR page 9 

