
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





Sustainability Report  



FY2021


 



TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 

1 

Message From the Board 

2 

Disclosures during COVID-19 

3 

About This Report 

4 

About Our Group 

5 

Group Structure 

6 

Value Chain 

7 

External Initiatives 

8 

Membership of Association and Awards 

9 

Governance and Sustainability Approach 

10 

Stakeholder Engagement 

11 

Identifying Our Focus 

12 

Economic Performance 

13 

Energy 

14 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

15 

Marketing and Labelling 

16 

GRI Content Index 


 

1 

 



MESSAGE FROM THE BOARD 

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) is pleased to present the annual Sustainability Report (the 

“Report”) of mm2 Asia Ltd. (the “Company” or “mm2”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group” or 

“we” or “us” or “our”). This Report is prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative 

(“GRI”) guidelines on Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) topics, in relation to the Financial 

Year ended 31 March 2021 (“FY2021”). 

2021 marks the fourth year of our sustainability reporting journey. We continue to maintain oversight 

over our sustainability directions, strategies and initiatives along with sustainability risks and 

opportunities management despite the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic during the financial year. 

We are pleased to communicate our Group’s continual commitment, approach and progress towards 

sustainable business practices. 

In today’s fast-changing business climate, sustainable development and practices have become critical 

success factors for companies in ensuring long-term value creation. Macroeconomic and geopolitical 

uncertainties, as well as the COVID-19 pandemic, have posed major challenges for businesses around 

the world. We recognise the importance and value of aligning strategies to meet stakeholders’ needs 

as well as having an established and consistent sustainability management framework. This report will 

provide a transparent presentation of our efforts to build sustainable growth.  

 

mm2’s sustainability efforts continue to be led by our senior management while the Board manages 

and monitors the direction, approach and performance of the material ESG factors identified. The 

Board also ensures that our sustainability goals are aligned with our strategy and business objectives. 

 

We believe that once the pandemic improves, our existing competencies that we have built and 

nurtured as well as our regional network will put us in a favourable position for quick recovery. In 

September 2020, we also launched Cathay CineHome, an online movie streaming platform to cater to 

the changing demands of our customers . Moving forward, we plan to play an increasingly active role 

in the streaming platform industry as we continue to seek collaboration opportunities.  

 

On behalf of mm2, we would like to take this opportunity to thank our stakeholders who have been 

supporting us through our journey to sustainable development. 

 

 

Sincerely, 

Board of Directors of mm2 Asia Ltd


 

2 

 



DISCLOSURES DURING COVID-19 

The World Health Organisation declared the novel coronavirus, or COVID-19 outbreak as a global 

pandemic on 11 March 2020. The effects of the pandemic, as well as the measures implemented 

locally and globally, have resulted in both economic and operational disruptions to the Group. Content 

for cinemas were delayed, and new productions could not proceed as planned.  

 

Demand for cinematic products also decreased as cinemas were closed since this was one of the 

measures implemented by the Singapore government to prevent the spread of the pandemic. 

Consumers have migrated to online streaming, irreversibly changing the media landscape. Movie 

investors were also advised that films would be delayed and the theatrical window would be 

compromised. 

 

Our cinemas were ordered to be closed from 26 March 2020 to 12 July 2020. After the cinemas 

reopened in July 2020, limited seating capacities as a result of government restrictions, and consumer 

sentiment led to a reduction in the demand for films in cinemas.  

 

For the health and safety of our employees and customers, mm2 has responded fully to the 

government’s call to institute safe distancing measures and telecommuting arrangements to the best 

of our abilities. Split-team working arrangements were implemented with work-from-home 

arrangements as the default. All our employees were provided with face masks and hand sanitisers. 

For employees who are required to be physically present at our premises, temperatures were taken 

and recorded. During this period, we consistently communicated with employees and informed them 

of the latest COVID-19 guidelines and related health advisory.  

 

 


 

3 

 



ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

Report Period and Scope 

 

This Report was prepared in accordance with Rule 711A and 711B of the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Mainboard Listing Manual and made references to the guidelines set out 

in SGX-ST’s Practice Note 7.6 Sustainability Reporting Guide. The Report was also prepared with 

reference to the guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards – Core Option and its 

reporting principles. The GRI Standards were selected as they are internationally recognised and it is 

a widely adopted reporting framework that supplies guidance suited for our business model. This 

report also takes reference from Rules 711A and 711B of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B for sustainability reporting. 

 

The scope of this report covers the sustainability performance and practices of the operations across 

our Group from 1 April 2020 to 31 March 2021 (“FY2021”), excluding Vividthree Holdings Ltd, UnUsUaL 

Limited, and their respective subsidiaries, where the Sustainability Report will be published separately. 

We have included comparative data reflecting our progress towards our strategic goals as well as our 

Group’s achievements. 

 

External assurance has not been sought in this sustainability report and we have relied on internal 

data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy.  

 

Only electronic copies of this report will be made available at our corporate website: 

www.mm2asia.com as well as on Singapore Exchange Network (“SGXNET”). Physical copies will not 

be published as part of our efforts for environmental conservation. 

 

Key Reporting Principles 

 

We have incorporated the following principles to develop a comprehensive report: 

 



Materiality

• Focusing on issues that impact business growth and are utmost importance to 

stakeholders



Stakeholder Inclusiveness

• Responding to stakeholder expectations and interest



Sustainability Context

• Presenting performance in the wider context of sustainability



Completeness

• Including all information that is of significant economic, environment and social impact to 

enable stakeholders to assess the Group’s performance


 

4 

 



ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

 

Report Contact and Feedback 

 

Your feedback and suggestions are valued and welcomed on the contents of the Report.  We can be 

reached at www.mm2asia.com. 


 

5 

 



GROUP STRUCTURE 

 

Headquartered in Singapore, mm2’s history dates back to 2008 and our Group’s continued passion 

and accomplishment in the content industry has propelled us as Singapore’s leading media and 

entertainment company. mm2 was listed on the Catalist Board of SGX-ST in December 2014 and 

successfully transferred to the Mainboard of SGX-ST in August 2018.  

 

Our Group’s primary business activities include content creation, distribution and sponsorship, cinema 

operations, event production and concert promotion, and post-production and content production, 

covering operations in Singapore, Malaysia, Hong Kong, Taiwan, China and the United States of 

America. 

 

Vision

To be Asia’s leading 

content and 

entertainment 

company

Mission

To bring fun, joy and 

inspiration to people

Core 

Values

Accountability, 

Boldness, 

Collaboration


 

6 

 



GROUP STRUCTURE 

mm2 Asia Ltd.

mm Connect Pte. Ltd.

100%

mm2 Screen Management Sdn. Bhd.

100%

mm2 Star Screen Sdn. Bhd.

100%

River Front Mega Cineplex Sdn. Bhd. **

30%

mm Plus Pte. Ltd.

100%

Cathay Cineplexes Pte. Ltd.

100%

mm2 Entertainment Pte. Ltd

100%

mm2 Entertainment USA, Inc.

100%

mm2 International Co., Ltd. 满满哆文化传媒(上海)有限公司

100%

2mm Pte. Ltd.

100%

mm2 Entertainment Hong Kong Limited

100%

Vividthree Holdings Ltd.*

41.53%

Vividthree Co., Ltd. 蔚视丰隆文化发展( 上海)有限公司

100%

Vividthree Productions Pte. Ltd.

100%

Vividthree Productions Sdn. Bhd.

100%

V&amp;N Entertainment Pte. Ltd 

55%

mm2 Entertainment Sdn. Bhd.

100%

Dreamteam Studio Sdn. Bhd. ***

45%

mm2 Film Distribution Sdn. Bhd. ***

49%

UnUsUaL Management Pte. Ltd.

51%

UnUsUaL Limited *

76.88%

UnUsUaL Entertainment International Limited

100%

UnUsUaL Development Pte. Ltd.

100%

UnUsUaL Productions (M) Sdn. Bhd.

100%

UnUsUaL Productions Pte. Ltd.

100%

UnUsUaL Culture Development Co., Ltd. 

三优文化发展(上海)有限公司

100%

UnUsUaL Entertainment Pte. Ltd.

100%

Mercury Rights Pte. Ltd.

60%

Isotope Production Pte. Ltd. 

100%

White Mount International Pte. 

Ltd 50%

DD2 Media Pte. Ltd.

100%

RINGS TV Pte. Ltd. ***

15%

Dick Lee Asia Pte. Ltd.

51%

mm2view Pte. Ltd.

100%

AsiaOne Online Pte. Ltd.

51%

mmCinehome 

100%

* Listed on Catalist Board of SGX-ST 

** Joint venture company 

*** Associated company 

 

 


 

7 

 



VALUE CHAIN 

 

The Group has integrated sustainability in our business through a sustainable supply chain for various 

aspects of our operations from content creation and production to its distribution and exhibition. We 

believe that sustainable supply chain management could drive organisational excellence and deliver 

desirable business results to the stakeholders. 

 

Our suppliers are evaluated on a continuous basis to ensure that their performance is aligned with 

stringent internal criteria, such as service excellence, product quality, delivery timeliness, business 

ethics and reputation, established in our Group’s Supplier Evaluation Policy and Procedures. In 

addition, our suppliers are also required to perform annual declarations and adhere to the Supplier 

Code of Conduct.  Aspects of value chain management have also been incorporated into our risk 

assessment and management processes while ESG aspects are incorporated in our supply chain 

assessment. 

 

mm2 production will also be exploring and incorporating more eco-friendly practices into their 

business activities, such as reducing the amount of plastic waste on shoots, using recycled or rented 

props instead of buying especially if it is on a project basis. Through continuous sourcing of new 

suppliers, we are able to maintain a steady pool of suppliers to ensure we have alternative 

arrangements should any of our suppliers fail to meet our stringent standards.  

 

In FY2021, our Group did not have long term agreements with any key suppliers as services procured 

varied from project to project. 

 




 

8 

 



EXTERNAL INITIATIVES 

 

Deeply entrenched in mm2’s corporate culture is the spirit of giving back to society. mm2 believes 

that as an organisation formed from various communities, it is only natural to give back to the 

communities that has nurtured us, by making a positive impact. We have multiple programmes and 

activities in place that involve the Board of Directors (“Board”), employees as well as the local 

communities.  

 

 

The major external initiatives by mm2 include: 

 

1. Partnerships with Community Chest 

In June 2020, mm2 and AsiaOne helped organize LIVE IT UP an online charity concert in June 2020. 

The charitable donations raised during the concert will go towards local charities SPD and Community 

Chest, who provide support for people with disabilities, low-income families, the elderly, and 

disadvantaged individuals. These groups are amongst the most affected by COVID-19 and may need 

further assistance in this current climate. 

 

2. mm2-NTU Bursary Fund 

Since 2017, through the NTU Development Office, mm2 set up the mm2-NTU Bursary Fund with the 

aim to support students who need financial aid to pursue their studies in Digital Animation or Digital 

Filmmaking. mm2 has pledged to donate a total amount of S$160,000 between 2017 and 2021, 

funding 2 bursary awards of S$6,000 each annually. S$100,000 of the total donation will go into the 

Endowed Fund, which allows for the sustainable generation of returns in perpetuity, ensuring the 

continuity of the mm2-NTU Bursary Fund. mm2 shall continue its support for the fund.




 

9 

 



MEMBERSHIP OF ASSOCIATION AND 



AWARDS 



 

Our subsidiary, mm2 Entertainment Hong Kong Limited, is a member of The 

Singapore Chamber of Commerce (Hong Kong). Being a member of The 

Singapore Chamber of Commerce help to foster closer economic relationships 

and business understanding between Singapore, Hong Kong, People’s 

Republic of China and other countries, and share statistics and information 

relating to industry which are beneficial to members. 

 

 

 

In addition, our CEO is also a member of the Singapore 

Media Festival advisory board, which contributes 

professional guidance and advice to Infocomm Media 

Development Authority (“IMDA”) for Singapore Media 

Festival. The involvement in Singapore Media Festival 

helps mm2 discover the latest trends, talents and content 

in Asia for film, TV and digital media. We also continuously 

strive to obtain more accreditations that are key and 

beneficial to our Group’s success and standing within the 

industry.  

 

Awards 

 

In FY2021, our Singapore movie “Number 1” won the Golden Horse Award for Best Makeup and 

Costume Design. This prestigious award is a testament to our dedication and a recognition by the 

industry for our excellence in film making.   

 

Raymond Kuek and Ong Kuo Sin accepting the Golden Horse Award for Best Makeup and Costume 

Design for the movie “Number 1”. 

 








 

10 

 



GOVERNANCE AND SUSTAINABILITY 



APPROACH 

 

Our Board and management continue to strive to enhance our shareholder’s value while protecting 

stakeholder’s interests by maintaining high standards of corporate governance, professionalism, 

integrity and commitment at all levels. 

 

The Board provides guidance and monitors the sustainability direction, strategy and practices, while 

management are tasked with the implementation and execution of sustainability policies and 

practices by implementing environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) practices across all 

departments within the Group, as well as monitoring our sustainability performance and reporting to 

the Board. We have actively engaged and communicated with our key stakeholders to understand 

their needs and expectations, while addressing their concerns in an appropriate manner. 

 

 

 

Conflict of interest policy 

 

mm2 has a zero-tolerance for corruption and dishonest behaviour, in all dealings with our colleagues, 

business partners, shareholders as well as suppliers. We have put in place a conflict-of-interest policy 

and ensured that the policy is made available to all employees to circumvent any potential conflict of 

interest. We are committed to conducting our affairs in full compliance with all applicable laws, rules 

and regulations. In FY2021, all of our key management personnel, including our Executive Directors 

and Executive Officers have completed, and submitted to the Board, the annual conflict of interest 

disclosures. 

 

Fraud and whistleblowing policy and procedures 

 

Whistleblowing avenues are put in place for employees to highlight any inappropriate matters. We 

have also published the policy on our website &lt;https://www.mm2asia.com/corporate-

governance.php&gt;. The whistleblowing policies and channels were made available to our employees to 





Business 

Units

•Implement sustainability-

related initiatives cascaded 

from the Board Committees, 

ensuring a clear and 

consistent approach across 

the Group









Board 

Committees

•Assists the Board in fulfilling 

its responsibilities for the 

Group's sustainability 

initiatives









The Board

•Provides strategic direction 

and specifically considers 

sustainability issues as part 

of its strategic formulation

•Determine material ESG 

factors and ensure that they 

are monitored and managed


 

11 

 



GOVERNANCE AND SUSTAINABILITY 



APPROACH 

raise concerns about possible improprieties on matters such as financial reporting, misconduct, 

unlawful activities, and dishonest practices. 

 

Our Audit Committee (“AC”) will decide on the appropriate disciplinary action based on the completed 

investigation results and ensure that employees will be protected from reprisals or victimisation for 

whistleblowing in good faith and without malice. In FY2021, there were no reports received for 

misconduct or malpractice by any of our employees or key management staff.  

 

Our sustainability approach 

 

It is vital to execute the established governance framework and policy throughout the strategic and 

operational level instead of merely embracing it as a guiding principle. Our stakeholders are identified 

by our management team through day-to-day operations. We always value stakeholders’ input and 

seek to communicate with them regarding our sustainability efforts in all areas of our business, 

including the risk management system and internal controls which safeguard stakeholders’ interests.  

 

We evaluate the needs and expectations of our key stakeholder groups to maintain mutual 

relationships and align them with our value creation strategy. With our focus on innovation, we will 

continue to enter into collaborations to co-produce high quality digital and live content with potential 

business partners.


 

12 

 



IDENTIFYING OUR FOCUS 

 

In mm2, we are committed to develop and maintain strong relationships with our stakeholders. 

Through open two-way communication with them, we align our sustainability approach with their 

needs and expectations. 

 

We engage our stakeholders and set goals collaboratively with them as follows: 

 

Stakeholder 

Group 

Engagement Activities 

Stakeholder’s Expectations 

Frequency 

Customers 

 

Offer various content services 

to enhance customer 

experience around Asia 

To provide an excellent 

platform in our cinemas to 

directly engage the 

consumers, enhance our 

brand experience, and build 

stronger customer 

relationships 

 

Ad-hoc 

Suppliers 

 

Maintain business dealings 

with suppliers that offer top 

notch standards in areas such 

as ethical conduct and 

workplace standards 

To comply with terms and 

conditions of purchasing 

policies and procedures, and 

maintain high ethical 

standards 

 

Ad-hoc 

Employees 

 

Provide training and 

development courses for 

employees to remain 

competitive 

To ensure staff rights, 

welfare, personal 

development and a good 

working environment 

Ad-hoc 

Investors 

 

Hold annual meetings and 

regular board meetings to 

keep shareholders updated on 

the Group’s economic 

performance 

 

To ensure profitability, 

transparency, timely 

reporting and fair purchasing 

practices 

Annually/ 

Ad-hoc 

Business Partners 

 

Continue to actively pursue 

business opportunities to 

expand and strengthen our 

capabilities and competencies 

to become a leading media 

and entertainment company in 

Asia 

 

To build main drivers of our 

Group’s growth in the 

medium-to-long term, with 

an expectation of a higher 

number of film productions 

and co-productions coming 

out of North Asia 

 

Ad-hoc 

Governments 

and Regulators 

 

Ensure respectful relationships 

with regulators and disclose 

pertinent information in a 

timely manner 

To ensure societal and 

environmental-friendly 

business approaches, 

compliance with regulations, 

timely reporting and 

resolution of issues 

Ad-hoc 














 

13 

 



IDENTIFYING OUR FOCUS 

We will review the material topics selected for disclosure on an annual basis by gathering feedback 

from our stakeholders and align it to our business goals. 

 

Based on the feedback gathered from our internal and external stakeholders, we have re-evaluated 

and identified relevant material topics which would have significant ESG impact and are material to 

the organisation and stakeholders.  

 

Four (4) material ESG topics were identified and details are provided in the table below. For future 

sustainability reporting, we will re-evaluate and review our material ESG topics to ensure their 

relevance to our Group and compliance with GRI Standards. 

 

Material topics for FY2021 remain the same as those disclosed in the previous financial year: 

 

Ecomomic 

Performance

•Our economic 

performance, value 

generated and 

distributed to 

communities where 

our business 

operates

Energy

•Our efforts to 

optimise 

consumption and 

management of 

energy for our 

business operations

Diversities and Equal 

Opportunities

•Our fair 

employment 

practices to achieve 

a diverse and 

inclusive 

environment for our 

employees, 

providing provide 

appropriate training 

and career 

development for 

our people

Marketing and 

Labelling

•Our compliance to 

classify our films in 

accordance to 

IMDA-enforced 

Singapore 

classification 

guidelines


 

14 

 



ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

At mm2, we believe sustainable economic growth benefits not just our shareholders, but all our 

stakeholders as well. Through sustainable economic values generated by our operations, HCSS will be 

able to distribute the economic benefits directly or indirectly to our stakeholders. As a socially 

responsible organisation, besides dividends to our shareholders, our economic benefits were 

distributed to governments through taxes, employees through salary and wages, and the society 

through the creation of jobs. 

 

Highlights of our economic performance were as below: 

 

Revenue (S$’ 000) 

 

Gross Profit (S$’ 000) 

 

Net Profit (S$’ 000) 

FY2020 

235,774 

 

FY2020 

89,387 

 

FY2020 

6,289 

FY2021 

75,230 

 

FY2021 

5,959 

 

FY2021 

-99,512 

 

Cost of Sales (S$’ 000) 

 

Employee Compensation (S$’ 

000) 

 

Net Profit Attributable to 

Equity Holders (S$’ 000) 

FY2020 

146,387 

 

FY2020 

25,210 

 

FY2020 

3,334 

FY2021 

69,271 

 

FY2021 

18,495 

 

FY2021 

-90,777 

 

In FY2021, the Group’s revenue declined by approximately S$160.6 million, mainly due to the outbreak 

of COVID-19, which has impacted the Group’s major business in movies/ drama production progresses, 

film exhibitions and distributions as well as live entertainment since January 2020.  

 

 

 

Despite the lower revenue recorded in FY2021, our economic performance for the 2nd half of FY2021 

increased for our content production, distribution and sponsorship, cinema operations, and post-

production. We have also received wage subsidy schemes from various governments amounting to 

approximately S$6.5 million, including the Singapore Jobs Support Scheme (“JSS”). With these, the 

Group is confident that we are able to meet our fiscal responsibilities and operating capital 

requirements. 

 

In the following financial year, we hope to report an improved economic performance as we target to 

commence and continue content production works that are already in our order books, once the 

COVID-19 pandemic situation has improved. We will also continue to seek potential synergistic 

business opportunities to sustainably drive the Group’s performance.  

235.8

75.2

89.4

5.9

F Y 2 0 2 0

F Y 2 0 2 1

S$' MILLION

FINANCIAL YEAR

REVENUE AND GROSS PROFIT

Revenue

Gross Profit


 

15 

 



ENERGY 

 

Across our cinemas and offices, electrical energy is consumed for daily operations. Our Group is 

dedicated to protecting the environment through the integration of environmental considerations 

into our business operations. Besides adopting external initiatives such as “Reduce, Reuse, Recycle” 

initiated by the National Environment Agency, we will continuously explore any new technologies 

available to help reduce our energy consumption. 

 

At mm2, we are also looking into new sustainable practices and areas to achieve our sustainability 

objectives. With the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in FY2021, cinema operators were required to 

be closed from 26 March 2020 to 12 July 2020. After the reopening in July 2020, limited seating 

arrangements due to safe distancing measures and consumer sentiments led to reduced demand for 

films in cinemas.  

 

During the period of closure, all electrical equipment was shut down and only turned on for 

maintenance or servicing. Air-conditioning was scheduled to be switched on on alternate days for a 

period of 2 hours to prevent the moulding of hall seats and carpets. In FY2021, the number of movie 

sessions dropped by 52.4% to 48,516. Water and electricity usage dropped 51.2% to a total cost of 

S$561,474 while air-conditioning usage dropped 70% to a total cost of S$330,097. 

 

 

 

Several energy-saving measures were implemented during FY2021. With shortened operating hours, 

active hours of LED walls, e-posters and point-of-sales machines were shortened. Lights and air-

conditioning in under-utilised areas were switched off and only turned on when required. Equipment 

not in use were switched off. Usage and active hours of air-conditioning in cinema halls were also 

reduced due to lower admission of cinema-goers. Alternate water taps in restrooms and cubicles were 

also turned off.  

 

 



 -

 200,000

 400,000

 600,000

 800,000

 1,000,000

 1,200,000

Movie Sessions

Water and Electricity

Air-conditioning

101,864

1,157,000

1,100,131

48,516 

561,474 

330,097 

Amount (S$)

Energy Consumption for Cinema Operations (S$)





FY2020





FY2021


 

16 

 



ENERGY 

 

In the future, we plan to incorporate more efficient lighting, such as LED lighting for cinema walkways 

and lobbies and motion sensor lighting, when our operational capacity returns to normal after the 

COVID-19 pandemic. We will also consider including performance indicators of our energy saving 

initiatives. 


 

17 

 



DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

 

 

mm2 is an organisation made up of people from diverse backgrounds and communities. We believe 

that a diverse organisation is better suited for a sustainable business model. We strive to offer equal 

opportunities for recruitment, career progression and training, by adopting the five principles of 

Singapore’s Tripartite Guidelines on Fair Employment Practices. With operations in multiple countries 

and regions, we are committed to attracting, developing and retaining a diverse and inclusive 

workforce to ensure both our people and organisation thrive in a global marketplace.  

 

As of 31 March 2021, our Group employed 441 employees, constituting 214 permanent employees 

and 227 temporary employees. Of the 441 employees, 434 are full-time staff, while 7 are employed 

on a part-time basis. The breakdown of our employees by country is as below:  

 

 

 

 

 

 



141

33

17

13

16

1

Number of Employees by Country

Singapore

Malaysia

Hong Kong

China

Taiwan

USA


 

18 

 



DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

 

Cathay Cineplexes Pte Ltd 

 

In Cathay Cineplexes, we are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive team and working 

environment. Our recruitment and selection process is based on aptitude, and there is no 

discrimination against race, age, gender, religion or nationality. In FY2021, we reviewed our diversity 

strategy and created teams with a balanced gender structure. We have a total of 99 employees in 

FY2021, over various ethnicities, with a split of 58% female and 42% male. The detailed breakdown is 

as below: 

 

 

 

We offer equal growth opportunities by continuously assessing employees’ performance for 

promotion. In addition, we also offer internships to students with mild intellectual disabilities as we 

believe that they deserve the chance to prove their capabilities and that they can be independent as 

well. 

 

In the future, we will continue to uphold the principles of Singapore’s Tripartite Guidelines on Fair 

Employment Practices and maintain a workforce with a diverse ethnicity and gender structure as well 

as varied educational backgrounds and career experiences. We will also include comparative data for 

year-on-year comparisons on our performance in terms of diversity and equal opportunity. 

 

26

10

13

15

1

1

17

16

0

5

10

15

20

25

30

Female

Male

Total number of employees in Cathay Cineplexes by employee 

category in FY2021

Singaporean Chinese

Singaporean Malay

Singaporean Indian

Non-Singaporeans


 

19 

 



MARKETING AND LABELLING 

 

 

At mm2, besides complying with relevant legislation and requirements, we are also continuously 

updating ourselves on industry best practices for communication of clear and concise information to 

our consumers.  

 

All films produced by our Group are rated and evaluated according to the film classification guidelines 

enforced by the local authority, IMDA. We have also put in place review processes to ensure that we 

comply with the Films Act 1991, with each film being reviewed before release. Our films are also 

labelled with film classifications on the posters for advertising purposes. 

 

Labelling of the producers’ names, authorities’ endorsement, production release dates, running time 

and casts are concisely included in all of our productions featured in advertisements, marketing 

collaterals and websites to ensure that clear and accurate information are provided to our consumers.  

 

In addition to legislation requirements, we are also dedicated to ensuring that our marketing and 

advertising materials and activities adhere to the Singapore Code of Advertising Practice, administered 

by the Advertising Standards Authority of Singapore (“ASAS”). Our marketing team, as well as senior 

management, also review all information disclosed on our websites, advertisements, and films before 

publication. 

 

We are proud to announce that in FY2021 there were no incidents of non-compliance with local 

regulations or with voluntary codes that resulted in a fine, penalty or warning. Moving forward, we 

will continue our commitment to responsible marketing and carefully ensure all films are correctly 

classified according to the guidelines. Moreover, we aim to maintain our record of zero non-

compliance incidents with the local regulations or voluntary codes. 

 




 

20 

 



GRI CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference 

and Remarks 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016 

Organisational Profile 

102-1 Name of the organisation 

Pg 1 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

Pg 5 

102-3 Location of headquarters 

Pg 5 

102-4 Location of operations 

Pg 5 

102-5 Ownership and legal form 

Pg 5 

102-6 Markets served 

Pg 5 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

Pg 5, 6, 14, 17 

102-8 Information on employees and other workers 

Pg 17 &amp; 18 

102-9 Supply chain 

Pg 7 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

Not applicable 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach 

Precautionary 

102-12 External initiatives 

Pg 8 

102-13 Membership of associations 

Pg 9 

Strategy 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

Pg 1 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Pg 5 

Governance 

102-18 Governance structure 

Pg 10 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

Pg 12 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Pg 12 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Pg 12 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

Pg 13 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Pg 6 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Pg 3 

102-47 List of material topics 

Pg 13 

102-48 Restatements of information 

Not Applicable 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

Not Applicable 

102-50 Reporting period 

Pg 3 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

Pg 3 

 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Pg 3 

 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

Pg 3 

 

102-55 GRI content index 

Pg 20 and 21 

 

102-56 External assurance 

Pg 3 

 

 


 

21 

 



GRI CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference 

and Remarks 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and the 

Boundary 

Pg 14 to 19 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

Pg 14 to 19 

103-3 The management approach and its components 

Pg 14 to 19 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

Economic Performance 

GRI 201: 

Economic 

Performance 

2016 

201-1 Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

Pg 14 

201-4 Financial assistance received from government 

Pg 14 

Energy 

GRI 302: Energy 

2016 

302-1 Energy consumption within the organisation 

Pg 15 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

GRI 405: Diversity 

and Equal 

Opportunity 

405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

Pg 17 

Marketing and Labelling 

GRI 417: 

Marketing and 

Labeling 2016 

417-1 Requirements for product and service information 

and labelling 

Pg 19 

417-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning product 

and service information and labelling 

Pg 19 

417-3 

Incidents 

of 

non-compliance 

concerning 

marketing communications 

Pg 19 

 

