
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 








 



TABLE OF CONTENT 

 

1 

Message From the Board  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2 

About This Report 

3 

About Our Group 

4 

Group Structure 

5 

Value Chain 

6 

External Initiatives 

7 

Membership of Association and Awards 

8 

Governance and Sustainability Approach 

9 

Stakeholder Engagement 

10 

2020 Sustainability Highlights 

11 

Identifying Our Focus 

12 

Economic Performance 

13 

Energy 

14 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

15 

Marketing and Labelling 

16 

GRI Content Index 


 

1 

 



MESSAGE FROM THE BOARD 

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

 

mm2 Asia Ltd. (the “Company” or “mm2”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group” or “we” or 

“us” or “our”) has been committed to establish ourselves as a leading media and content 

production company in Asia and continue to instil our stakeholder’s confidence through 

sustainable performance. We strongly believe that building a sustainable business will be 

benefiting our customers, our community as well as the environment. 

2020 marks the third year of our sustainability reporting journey. During the financial year, we 

continue to maintain oversight over our sustainability strategies and initiatives along with 

sustainability risks and opportunities management despite the impact of outbreak of COVID-

19 pandemic towards the end of the financial year. We are pleased to communicate our 

Group’s continual commitment, approach and progress towards sustainable business 

practices. 

Our Board of Directors (the “Board”) recognise the importance of incorporating Environment, 

Social and Governance (“ESG”) factors into our strategic formulation which would drive us 

towards the achievement of our sustainability goals as these factors allow us to concentrate 

on setting performance targets and action plans to build up sustainable value for all 

stakeholders. The Board continues to oversee and drive the ESG practices across all 

departments within our Group and ensure that sound ESG initiatives are effectively blend into 

our business operations and corporate objectives. 

We aim to maintain our focus on Asian entertainment and media and strive to be the forerunner 

in content and entertainment industry. In aligning ourselves with the sustainability goals, we 

have undertaken a series of efforts to enhance our corporate profile, branding and market 

awareness in the North Asian markets, and have developed strategic platforms and 

capabilities to deliver our content to urbanising Asian audiences through cinemas, concerts, 

virtual reality tour shows and digital platforms.  

 

The global COVID-19 pandemic has affected most businesses in Singapore, including us, but 

for us, sustainability is about the ability to position and emerge stronger after this crisis. We 

believe in operating our business in a way that uses limited resources to meet our needs today, 

while ensuring that these resources will still be available to meet the needs of future 

generations. Through understanding the needs and expectations of our stakeholders, we are 

better prepared in strengthening our sustainability position in a post-COVID-19 economy.  

 

On behalf of mm2, we would like to extend our deepest gratitude and sincere appreciation to 

our stakeholders who have supported and participated in our sustainability journey. As we 

continue on our journey in 2020 and beyond, we look forward to sharing more of our 

sustainability initiatives in next year’s report. 

 

 

Sincerely, 

Board of Directors of mm2 Asia Ltd


 

2 

 



ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

Report Period and Scope 

 

mm2 has been publishing an annual sustainability report since financial year ended 2018 and 

this is our third year of reporting our progress towards sustainable development. This report 

has been prepared in accordance with Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards (2016) – 

Core Option. The GRI standards were selected as it is an internationally recognised and widely 

adopted reporting framework that supplies guidances suited for our business model. This 

report also takes reference from Rules 711A and 711B of the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B for sustainability reporting. 

 

The scope of this report covers the sustainability performance and practices across our Group 

from 1 April 2019 to 31 March 2020 (“FY2020”), unless otherwise stated. In our second year 

of reporting, we have included comparative data reflecting our progress towards our strategic 

goals as well as our Group’s achievements. 

 

External assurance has not been sought this sustainability report and we have relied on 

internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy.  

 

In line with our commitment towards greater conservation of resources, only electronic copies 

of this report will be made available at our corporate website: www.mm2asia.com. 

 

Key Reporting Principles 

 

We have incorporated the following principles to develop a comprehensive report: 

 

 

 

 

 

 



• Focusing on issues that impact business growth and are utmost importance to 

stakeholders



Materiality



• Responding to stakeholder expectations and interest



Stakeholder Inclusiveness



• Presenting performance in the wider context of sustainability



Sustainability Context



• Including all information that is of significant economic, environment and social 

impact to enable stakeholders to assess the Group’s performance



Completeness


 

3 

 



ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

Report Contact and Feedback 

 

We value our stakeholders’ feedback and we welcome feedback or suggestions on our 

sustainability performance because we believe that it is essential for our Group to improve 

continuously. We look forward to your views and suggestions by contacting us at 

www.mm2asia.com. 


 

4 

 



ABOUT OUR GROUP 

 

mm2’s history dates back to 2008 and our Group’s continuous excellence and 

accomplishment in the content industry since then has distinguished us as Singapore’s leading 

media and entertainment company. Our Group is recognised for our award-winning films,  

synergised content and platform businesses. We see great potential in developing strategic 

platforms and seek to invest in several businesses such as award-winning virtual reality, visual 

effects and computer-generated imagery studio, and event production and concert promotion 

company, which will enhance competitive advantage of our core business and provide us with 

options to develop beyond our core business. 

 

 

 

The 4 main pillars which drive our Group along this sustainability journey include content 

creation, distribution and sponsorship, cinema operations, event production and concert 

promotion, and post-production. Our Group is headquartered in Singapore with integrated 

businesses across content, immersive media, cinema, event and concert industries operating 

in Singapore, Malaysia, Hong Kong, Taiwan, China and the United States of America. 

 

We anticipate to strategically grow our business with our regional partners in North Asia and 

Southeast Asia market as the demand for Asian content continues to rise rapidly and major 

video streaming services are reporting growing trends of high interest in Asian content. We 

intend to expand our geographical reach to North Asia through strategic alliances.  

 

Apart from that, mm2 has included both movies and drama series for broadcast networks and 

video streaming service providers based on Business to Business (“B2B”) models and 

collaborated with Mediacorp, Netflix and Viu to produce commissioned original series as we 

see a growing demand of original content from the market. 



Post-Production &amp; Content 

Production



Cinema Operation



Content Production, 

Distribution &amp; Sponsorship



Event Production &amp; Concert 

Promotion


 

5 

 



ABOUT OUR GROUP 

 

The Group’s Concert and Event, and Cinema operations in Malaysia and Singapore have 

been greatly impacted by the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic in the 4th quarter of the financial 

year and further exacerbated by a stringent set of preventive measures announced by the 

Government of Singapore known as the “circuit breaker” in April 2020 which restricts 

movements and interactions amongst Singaporeans and many business to temporarily cease 

operations. Nevertheless, we have tapped on government support packages to tide over the 

COVID-19 pandemic and worked with our landlords where our cinemas are located to obtain 

rental reliefs. As the strong pipeline of Hollywood and Asian movies has accumulated to be 

released upon reopening of cinemas after the circuit breaker, the Group remains optimistic 

about the cinema business over the longer term. 

 

The Management of mm2 steers the growth of our Group in tandem with sustainability 

planning under the guidance of our Board of Directors (the “Board”). We have 211 employees 

based in our headquarters in Singapore supporting the Management team. 

 

 

 

VISION 

To be Asia’s leading content and entertainment company 

 

 

 

MISSION 

To bring fun, joy and inspiration to people 

 






 

6 

 



ABOUT OUR GROUP 

 

 

 

CORE VALUES

Accountability

Boldness

Collaboration


 

7 

 



GROUP STRUCTURE 

mm2 Asia Ltd.

mm Connect Pte. Ltd.

100%

mm2 Screen Management Sdn. Bhd.

100%

mm2 Star Screen Sdn. Bhd.

100%

River Front Mega Cineplex Sdn. Bhd. **

30%

mm Plus Pte. Ltd.

100%

Cathay Cineplexes Pte. Ltd.

100%

mm2 Entertainment Pte. Ltd

100%

mm2 Entertainment USA, Inc.

100%

mm2 International Co., Ltd. 满满哆文化传媒(上海)有限公司

100%

2mm Pte. Ltd.

100%

mm2 Entertainment Hong Kong Limited

100%

Vividthree Holdings Ltd.*

41.53%

Vividthree Co., Ltd. 蔚视丰隆文化发展( 上海)有限公司

100%

Vividthree Productions Pte. Ltd.

100%

Vividthree Productions Sdn. Bhd.

100%

mm2 Entertainment Sdn. Bhd.

100%

Dreamteam Studio Sdn. Bhd. ***

45%

mm2 Film Distribution Sdn. Bhd. ***

49%

UnUsUaL Management Pte. Ltd.

51%

UnUsUaL Limited *

76.88%

UnUsUaL Entertainment International Limited

100%

UnUsUaL Development Pte. Ltd.

100%

UnUsUaL Productions (M) Sdn. Bhd.

100%

UnUsUaL Productions Pte. Ltd.

100%

UnUsUaL Culture Development Co., Ltd. 三优文化发展(上海)有限公司

100%

UnUsUaL Entertainment Pte. Ltd.

100%

Mercury Rights Pte. Ltd.

60%

DD2 Media Pte. Ltd.

100%

RINGS TV Pte. Ltd. ***

15%

Dick Lee Asia Pte. Ltd.

51%

mm2view Pte. Ltd.

100%

AsiaOne Online Pte. Ltd.

51%

Academie of Stars Pte. Ltd. ***

19%

* Listed on Catalist Board of SGX-ST 

** Joint venture company 

*** Associated company 

 

Group Structure as at 31 March 2020 

 


 

8 

 



VALUE CHAIN 

 

The Group aspires to continuously promote sustainability in our business operations by 

integrating a sustainable supply chain into our operations of all business verticals starts from 

content creation and production to its distribution and exhibition. We believe that sustainable 

supply chain management could drive organisational excellence and delivers desirable 

business results to the stakeholders. 

 

We continue to evaluate our suppliers to ensure that their performance is aligned with internal 

criteria established in our Group’s Supplier Evaluation Policy and Procedures. The criteria 

include service excellence, product quality, delivery timeliness, business ethics and reputation. 

To ensure that all suppliers are capable, accountable and independent, they are required to 

perform annual declarations and adhere to the Supplier Code of Conduct. 

 

mm2 also makes sure that our risk assessment and management processes are in place for 

value chain management and ESG aspects are integrated in our supply chain assessment. 

We maintain a steady pool of suppliers to ensure we have alternative arrangements should 

any of our suppliers fail to meet our standards.  

 

In FY2020, our Group did not have long term agreements with any key suppliers as services 

varied from project to project.


 

9 

 



EXTERNAL INITIATIVES 

 

Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) is both an integral part of our heritage and an 

essential element to our future success. mm2 believes in fostering strong relationships not 

only with our customers and business partners, but also with the community we serve. We 

inspire our team members to give back to the community from the heart where our strategy is 

carried out in response to make a positive impact on the underprivileged in the community. 

We have multiple programmes and activities in place that largely involve the Board of Directors 

(“Board”), employees as well as the local communities.  

 

The major external initiatives by mm2 include: 

 

1. Friends of SG Migrant Workers 

In May 2020, mm2 Entertainment collaborates with Gov.sg and Cosmic Ultima Pictures to 

bring an exclusive 5-part Tamil Variety Capsule Series ('Chumma Kizhi!'), made especially for 

Singapore’s Tamil Migrant Workers through a portal, namely Friends of SG Migrant Workers. 

This portal is customised to support migrant workers in Singapore through the COVID-19 

period by providing information and entertainment to the migrant workers. 

 

2. Scream Asia 2019 

mm2 Entertainment and Cathay Cineplexes have organised a Scream Asia Horror Short Film 

Competition in October 2019 which aims to develop the region’s film industry by providing a 

platform for up-and-coming filmmakers to showcase their talents through directing a horror 

short film.  

 

Winners of the competition will be awarded a cash prize and one of the top 3 directors will be 

selected by mm2 Entertainment to develop a feature film. mm2 continues to work with partners 

such as IMDA to scout for, and develop talents in Singapore’s media and entertainment 

industry. 

 

 

 

Give back 

to Society



Care for 

our 

people




 

10 

 



EXTERNAL INITIATIVES 

 

3. Partnerships with Community Chest 

In April 2019, mm2 Entertainment Pte Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Group, donated 

S$1 of every ticket sold for the mm2-produced Malaysian autism-themed movie - “Guang.” 

The movie proved to be an effective tool to raise popular awareness around autism. 

Furthermore, in commemoration of Singapore Bicentennial 2019, mm2 Asia made a S$10,000 

donation to Community Chest, in hopes of supporting various groups in need. 

 

4. mm2-NTU Bursary Fund 

In 2017, through the NTU Development Office, mm2 set up the mm2-NTU Bursary Fund with 

the aim to support students who need financial aid to pursue their studies in Digital Animation 

or Digital Filmmaking. mm2 has pledged to donate a total amount of S$160,000 between 2017 

and 2021, funding 2 bursary awards of S$6,000 each annually. S$100,000 of the total donation 

will go into the Endowed Fund, which allows for the sustainable generation of returns in 

perpetuity, ensuring the continuity of the mm2-NTU Bursary Fund. mm2 shall continue its 

support for the fund. 

 

5. 2mm Talent Hub 

mm2 Entertainment had initiated a studio, 2mm Talent Hub, where media and entertainment 

industry enthusiasts can meet, share ideas, explore opportunities and uncover budding talents. 

Several renowned directors, famous artists and musicians had joined 2mm Talent Hub as 

members.


 

11 

 



MEMBERSHIP OF ASSOCIATION AND 



AWARDS 

 

Our subsidiary, mm2 Entertainment Hong Kong Limited, is a member of The Singapore 

Chamber of Commerce (Hong Kong). Being a member of The Singapore Chamber of 

Commerce help to foster closer economic links and business understanding between 

Singapore, Hong Kong, People’s Republic of China and other countries, and share statistic 

and information relating to industry which are beneficial to members.  

 

In addition, our CEO is also a member of the Singapore Media Festival advisory board, which 

contributes professional guidance and advice to Media Development Authority for Singapore 

Media Festival. The involvement in Singapore Media Festival help mm2 discover the latest 

trends, talents and content in Asia for film, TV and digital media. We also continuously strive 

to obtain more accreditations that are key and beneficial to our Group’s success and standing 

within the industry. 

 

Awards 

 

Our Group is committed to delivering customer satisfaction and we have received multiple 

awards in recognition of our excellence in content creation. We were awarded with the Golden 

Leopard at the 71st Locarno Film Festival for a Singapore film “A Land Imagined” and the Best 

Film Award for a Malaysian film, “Guang” at the 21st Shanghai International Film Festival. 

 



Golden Leopard for "A 

Land Imagined"



Best Film Award for 

"Guang"


 

12 

 



GOVERNANCE AND SUSTAINABILITY 



APPROACH 

 

The Board and management are committed to continuously enhancing shareholder’s value 

and protecting stakeholder’s interests by maintaining high standards of corporate governance, 

professionalism, integrity and commitment at all levels. 

 

With oversight from the Board on our sustainability strategy and practices, the management 

implements environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) practices across all departments 

within the Group, ensuring effective integration of sound ESG initiatives into our business 

operations and corporate objectives. We actively engage our key stakeholders to understand 

their needs and expectations, addressing their concerns in an appropriate manner. 

 

 

 

Conflict of interest policy 

 

In all dealings with our colleagues, business partners, shareholders and suppliers, our Group 

continues to commit to upholding a culture of keeping out corruption and dishonest behaviour. 

We have in place a conflict of interest policy and make sure that the policy is made available 

to all employees to facilitate the management of any potential conflict of interest. We are 

committed to conducting our affairs in full compliance with all applicable laws, rules and 

regulations. In FY2020, all of our key management personnel, including our Executive 

Directors and Executive Officers have completed, and submitted to the Board, the annual 

conflict of interest disclosures. 

 

Fraud and whistleblowing policy and procedures 

 

Our Group has disclosed in our Corporate Governance Report that whistleblowing avenues 

are put in place for employees to highlight any inappropriate matters. We have also published 

the policy on our website &lt;https://www.mm2asia.com/corporate-governance.php&gt;. The 

whistle-blowing policies and channels were made available to our employees to raise 







The Board

•Provides strategic 

direction and 

specifically 

considers 

sustainability 

issues as part of 

its strategic 

formulation

•Determine 

material ESG 

factors and 

ensure that they 

are monitored and 

managed











Board 

Committees

•Assists the Board 

in fulfilling its 

responsibilities for 

the Group's 

sustainability 

initiatives











Business 

Units

•Implement 

sustainability-

related initiatives 

cascaded from 

the Board 

Committees, 

ensuring a clear 

and consistent 

approach across 

the Group


 

13 

 



GOVERNANCE AND SUSTAINABILITY 



APPROACH 

concerns about possible improprieties on matters such as financial reporting, misconduct, 

unlawful activities, and dishonest practices. 

 

The Audit Committee (“AC”) will take appropriate disciplinary action following the completion 

of investigation to assure that employees will be protected from reprisals or victimisation for 

whistleblowing in good faith and without malice. In FY2020, we did not receive any reports on 

misconduct or malpractice by any of our employees or key management staff. As such, no 

disciplinary action was taken.  

 

Our sustainability approach 

 

It is vital to execute the established governance framework and policy throughout the strategic 

and operational level instead of merely embracing it as a guiding principle. We always value 

stakeholders’ input and seek to communicate with them regarding our sustainability efforts in 

all areas of our business, including the risk management system and internal controls which 

safeguard stakeholders’ interests.  

 

We evaluate the needs and expectations of our key stakeholder groups to maintain mutual 

relationships and align them with our value creation strategy. With our focus on innovation, 

we will continue to enter into collaborations to coproduce high quality digital and live content 

with potential business partners.


 

14 

 



STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

In mm2, we believe that responding to rapidly changing stakeholder interests is crucial in 

sustaining our business growth and strongly recognise the importance of a meaningful two-

way engagement with our six (6) groups of stakeholders to understand their concerns and 

interests. Effective engagement with stakeholders allows us to better understand their needs 

and effectively respond through reinventing new brand experience. As we make our mark in 

new markets, our approach is always to start engaging our key stakeholders as the initial step. 

 

An overview of our approach and expectations with 6 key stakeholders is set out below: 

 

Stakeholder 

Group 

Engagement Activities 

Stakeholder’s 

Expectations 

Frequency 

Customers 

 

Offer various content 

services to enhance 

customer experience 

around Asia 

To provide an excellent 

platform in our cinemas to 

directly engage the 

consumers, enhance our 

brand experience, and 

build stronger customer 

relationships 

 

Ad-hoc 

Suppliers 

 

Maintain business dealings 

with suppliers that offer top 

notch standards in areas 

such as ethical conducts 

and workplace standards 

To comply with terms and 

conditions of purchasing 

policies and procedures, 

and maintain high ethical 

standards 

 

Ad-hoc 

Employees 

 

Provide training and 

development courses for 

employees to remain 

competitive 

To ensure staff rights, 

welfare, personal 

development and a good 

working environment 

Ad-hoc 

Investors 

 

Hold annual meetings and 

regular board meetings to 

keep shareholders updated 

on the Group’s economic 

performance 

 

To ensure profitability, 

transparency, timely 

reporting and fair 

purchasing practices 

Annually/ 

Ad-hoc 

Business 

Partners 

 

Continue to actively pursue 

business opportunities to 

expand and strengthen our 

capabilities and 

competencies to become a 

leading media and 

entertainment company in 

Asia 

 

To build main drivers of 

our Group’s growth in the 

medium-to-long term, with 

expectation of a higher 

number of film productions 

and co-productions coming 

out of North Asia 

 

Ad-hoc 

 

 












 

15 

 



STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

Stakeholder 

Group 

Engagement Activities 

Stakeholder’s 

Expectations 

Frequency 

Governments 

and Regulators 

 

Ensure respectful 

relationships with regulators 

and disclose pertinent 

information in a timely 

manner 

To ensure societal and 

environmental-friendly 

business approaches, 

compliance with 

regulations, timely 

reporting and resolution of 

issues 

 

Ad-hoc 




 

16 

 



2020 SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS 

 

Economic 

Performance



Energy



Diversity and 

Equal Opportunity



Marketing and 

Labelling




 

17 

 



IDENTIFYING OUR FOCUS 

 

Material topics are reviewed annually by the Board for their continued relevance according to 

current global and local trends. We also consider external stakeholders’ concerns from 

engagement channels embedded in our daily operations. 

 

In FY2020, through our engagements with stakeholders and prioritisation of material topics, 1 

topic disclosed in sustainability report for financial year ended 31 March 2019, namely  Effluent 

and Waste, is no longer identified as material for financial year ended 2019 as this topic has 

been assessed to have minimal impact to the Group and the stakeholder.  

 

 

Three (3) material ESG topics were identified and details are provided in the table below. For 

future sustainability reporting, we will re-evaluate and review our material ESG topics to 

ensure their relevance to our Group and compliance with GRI Standards. 

 

No. 

Topic 

Description 

1 

Economic Performance 

Our economic performance, value generated and 

distributed to communities where our business 

operates 

 

2 

Energy 

Our effort to optimise consumption and management 

of energy for our business operations 

 

3 

Diversities and Equal 

Opportunities 

Our fair employment practices to achieve a diverse and 

inclusive environment for our employees, providing 

provide appropriate training and career development 

for our people 

 

4 

Marketing and Labelling 

Our compliance to classify our films in accordance to 

IMDA-enforced Singapore classification guidelines 













Economic 

performance

Energy

Marketing and 

Labelling

Diversity and 

Equal Opportunity

0

1

2

3

4

5

0

1

2

3

4

5

Influence on stakeholders assessments and 

decisions

Significance of economic, environmental and social impacts


 

18 

 



ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

Revenue (S$’ 000) 

 

Gross Profit (S$’ 000) 

 

Net Profit (S$’ 000) 

FY2019 

266,187  

FY2019 

124,199 

 

FY2019 

28,716 

FY2020 

235,774  

FY2020 

89,387 

 

FY2020 

6,289 

 

Cost of Sales (S$’ 000) 

 

Employee Compensation 

(S$’ 000) 

 

Net Profit Attributable to 

Equity Holders (S$’ 000) 

FY2019 

141,988  

FY2019 

30,100 

 

FY2019 

19,138 

FY2020 

146,387  

FY2020 

25,210 

 

FY2020 

3,274 

 

In FY2020, the Group continued the strong momentum of growing our portfolio of brands 

through venturing into content streaming services, digital advertising and brand consultancy 

services and acquiring shareholding in subsidiaries. Some significant events include: 

 

▪ 

In September 2019, the Group has incorporated a wholly-owned subsidiary, DD2 Media 

Pte Ltd (“DD2 Media”), which focuses in digital advertising and brand consultancy services. 

DD2 Media’s expertise includes research into insights and trends, strategy, media 

planning, social media management, influencer marketing, website and app development, 

and buying across multiple digital advertisement technologies such as programmatic, 

Facebook, Instagram, Google and etc.  

 

▪ 

In November 2019, the Group has announced its venture into content streaming services 

by introducing mPlay Asia (“mPlay”), which is a free-to-use video streaming platform that 

features quality Chinese-language short-form content. mPlay’s launch will focus on key 

Chinese-speaking markets in Singapore, Malaysia, Taiwan and Hong Kong that supply 

addressable audience size of over 40 million. 

 

▪ 

In the same month, the Group has also acquired the remaining 30% of shareholding in 

MM2View Pte Ltd (“MM2View”). MM2View is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group. 

MM2View focuses on development of software for interactive digital media which assist 

the Group to better position its digital business strategy in content and platform businesses. 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

19 

 



ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

 

The Group registered a decrease of S$30.4 million revenue from S$266.2 million in FY2019 

to S$235.8 million for FY2020, which was mostly arisen from our Core businesses, Cinema 

segment and Post and Digital Production segment, due to the reschedule of projects and tour 

shows, and cancellation of lunar new year movies and postponement of Hollywood mega-

movie releases resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic in the fourth quarter of FY2020. 

 

Nevertheless, the Group is confident that we can meet our fiscal responsibilities and operating 

capital requirement as we have successfully refinanced our loan facility by entering a 5-year 

loan of S$115 million with United Overseas Bank in March 2019. In addition, we believe the 

demand for quality content will be strong as we own a strong core business order book and 

our productions can be easily exported across Asian given our Group’s global and multi-

market presence. 

 

mm2 has also put in place several measures such as fixed cost reductions, productivity 

improvements and so on to enhance operational efficiency. On top of that, we have obtained 

available government support packages and are also granted approval from financial 

institution for repayment deferment, which helped in minimising the impact from COVID-19 

pandemic. We foresee a series of Hollywood mega-movies to be released when the COVID-

19 pandemic has been effectively contained and thus bringing the Group’s economic 

performance back on track. 

 

Despite the impact of COVID-19 pandemic towards global economy, revenue from Concert 

and Events segment has seen an increase of S$5.6 million which was due to higher revenue 

from its Promotion revenue, where UnUsUaL delivered an exceptional performance during the 

financial year before the COVID-19 pandemic. 

 

In the following financial year, we target to release the accumulated Hollywood mega-movies 

once the COVID-19 pandemic is over. Furthermore, we will continue to keep a lookout for 

potential synergistic business opportunities and to drive the Group’s performance with the 

solid foundation that we have built across all our businesses.  

 

266.2

235.8

124.2

89.4

0

50

100

150

200

250

300

FY2019

FY2020

S$' million

Financial Year

Revenue and Gross Profit

Revenue

Gross Profit

Linear (Revenue)

Linear (Revenue)

Linear (Gross Profit)


 

20 

 



ENERGY 

 

Across our cinemas and offices, electrical energy is consumed for daily operations. Thus, 

environmental conservation forms an integral part of our sustainability plan and we are 

responsible for adopting a prudent approach in using our resources at our offices and cinemas 

to have the least undesirable effects on the environment. We are conscious about our usage 

of lighting, audio systems, filming equipment and air-conditioning. We do our part to reduce 

our usage of electricity by adopting energy-saving initiatives wherever possible, monitor 

consumption levels and engage in cost-benefit analysis of adopting new innovations that 

improve efficiency.  

 

mm2’s energy-saving initiatives in FY2020 continued to focus on managing air-conditioning 

and lighting within building and cinemas. The Operations team has carried out continuous 

measures to improve energy efficiency. The following energy-saving measures were 

implemented: 

 

 

 

 

 

Lighting

•Replacement of high-consumption light 

fittings with energy-efficient ones such as 

LED and induction light fittings

•Daily checks to turn off under-utilised 

lighting within the cinemas

•Lightings in open areas i.e., cinema 

lobbies and concession areas are 

switched on 1 hour before operating 

hours



Air-Conditioning

•Daily checks to monitor operating hours of 

air-conditioning units to achieve optimal 

operating efficiency

•Progressive upgrading of air-conditioning 

equipment to enhance efficiency



Electricity

•Warming up cinema projectors and audio 

systems 1 hour before each hall’s 1st 

screening

•Environmental-friendly practices to 

conserve energy




 

21 

 



ENERGY 

 

We are continuously exploring new sustainable practices and areas to achieve our 

sustainability objective. In FY2020, there was a drop in the energy consumption by 5% from 

S$2,494,202 to S$2,358,995 due to the reduced number of operating cinema halls daily since 

end of January 2020 and the preventive measures imposed by government to temporarily 

cease operation for entertainment venues on 26 March 2020 to fight against the Covid-19 

pandemic.  

 

 

 

We remain committed to our continuous effort to be more energy efficient by refreshing aged 

equipment and explore new technologies and system improvement to enhance the energy 

efficiencies of our cinemas and office building. For example, we plan to adopt more efficient 

lightings such as LED lightings for cinema walkways and lobbies, as well as motion sensor 

lightings when our operations resume after the COVID-19 pandemic.  



0

200000

400000

600000

800000

1000000

1200000

Movie Sessions

Water and Electricity

Air-conditioning

110,203

1,192,748

1,191,251

101864

1157000

1100131

Amount (S$)

Energy Consumption for Cinema Operations (S$)



FY2019



FY2020


 

22 

 



DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

 

 

 

We are a diverse organisation that strives to offer equal opportunities for recruitment, career 

progression and training. In keeping with our organisational values of equal opportunities for 

recruitment, we adopt the five principles of Singapore’s Tripartite Guidelines on Fair 

Employment Practices. Our Group is geographically diverse, and we are committed to 

attracting, developing and retaining a diverse and inclusive workforce to ensure both our 

people and organisation thrive in a global marketplace. We ought to be sensitive to differences 

in values, traditions, and religions, and respect the approaches to diversity and inclusion. We 

are to develop locally specific approaches to diversity and promote inclusion, stated in the 

Code of Conduct for our employees. 

 

As at 31 March 2020, our Group employed 138 staff, of which 82 are female and 56 are male. 

There was a total of 28 new hires and 19 resignees in the Group during the financial year.  

 

 

 

 

 







0

5

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

45

50

SINGAPORE

MALAYSIA

HONG KONG

CHINA

TAIWAN

47

46

11

14

11

49

47

17

14

11

Number of Employees by Country in FY2020 

and FY 2019

FY2020

FY2019


 

23 

 



DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

 

Our Group’s commitment to offer equal opportunities for career progression is underscored 

by the belief that building the capabilities of our employees allows them to enhance their 

competitiveness and thus benefiting the organisation. 

 

Cathay Cineplexes Pte Ltd 

 

In Cathay Cineplexes, we are dedicated to creating an inclusive culture that truly reflects our 

values and enables every worker to unlock their potential. Our recruitment process is fair and 

just. We do not discriminate against race, age, gender, religion or nationality and always hire 

staff based on aptitude. In FY2020, we reviewed our diversity strategy and created teams with 

a balanced gender structure. We have a total of 131 employees in FY2020. To drive diversity 

and underscore our commitment to equal opportunities, we leverage the Media Education 

Scholarship by the Infocomm Media Development Authority (IMDA) to groom young talents 

as professionals in the media industry. 

 

In addition, we continue to offer equal opportunities by assessing employees’ performance for 

promotion opportunities on going basis and offer internships to students with mild intellectual 

disabilities as we believe everyone should be treated fairly and deserve an opportunity to 

prove their capability. 

 

 

 

In FY2021, we will continue to create teams with a balanced race and gender structure and 

build a basis of diverse educational backgrounds and experiences. Our Group will develop 

goals and measures on a departmental level to advance our female candidates into roles of 

different areas. 

 



0

10

20

30

40

Female

Male

29

10

14

15

1

1

31

30

Total number of employees in Cathay Cineplexes by employee 

category in FY2020

Local Chinese

Local Malay

Local Indian

Foreign Worker


 

24 

 



MARKETING AND LABELLING 

 

mm2 is committed to best practices and complies with the relevant legislations and 

requirements.  

 

All of our productions featured in advertisements, marketing collaterals and websites are 

labelled with the producers’ names, authorities’ endorsement, production release dates, 

running time and casts, for clear communication purposes. It is therefore essential that our 

labelling is comprehensive and concise, allowing our customers to be sufficiently informed of 

our content production. 

 

All films produced by our Group are rated and evaluated according to the film classification 

guidelines enforced by the local authority, Infocomm Media Development Authority (IMDA). 

Our Group is also committed to complying with Films Act 1991 before the release of films. All 

films are labelled with the film classification on the posters for advertising purposes. 

 

We are also responsible for ensuring that our marketing and advertising activities do not make 

any ethical breaches. We advertise our content production that adheres to the Singapore Code 

of Advertising Practice, administered by the Advertising Standards Authority of Singapore 

(ASAS).  

 

All information disclosed on our websites, advertisements and films is subject to a review 

process by our marketing team and senior management. 

 

Through our marketing campaigns and product initiatives carried out in FY2020, we had no 

incidents of non-compliances with local regulations, or with voluntary codes that resulted in a 

fine, penalty or warning. 

 

Moving forward, we will continue our commitment to responsible marketing and carefully 

ensure all films are correctly classified according to the guidelines. Moreover, we aim to 

maintain zero non-compliance incident with the local regulations or voluntary codes. 

 


 

25 

 



GRI CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference 

and Remarks 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

2016 

Organisational Profile 

102-1 Name of the organisation 

Pg 1 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

Pg 4 

102-3 Location of headquarters 

Pg 4 

102-4 Location of operations 

Pg 4 

102-5 Ownership and legal form 

Pg 4 

102-6 Markets served 

Pg 4 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

Pg 4, 18, 22 &amp; 23 

102-8 Information on employees and other workers 

Pg 22 &amp; 23 

102-9 Supply chain 

Pg 8 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and 

its supply chain 

Not applicable 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach 

Pg 4 

102-12 External initiatives 

Pg 9 to 10 

102-13 Membership of associations 

Pg 11 

Strategy 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

Pg 1 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Pg 5 to 6 

Governance 

102-18 Governance structure 

Pg 12 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

Pg 14 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

Pg 13 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Pg 14 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Pg 14 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

Pg 16 to 17 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Annual Report 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries Pg 2 

102-47 List of material topics 

Pg 17 

102-48 Restatements of information 

Not Applicable 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

Pg 17 

102-50 Reporting period 

Pg 2 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

Pg 2 

 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

Pg 3 

 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

Pg 2 

 

102-55 GRI content index 

Pg 25 and 26 

 

102-56 External assurance 

Pg 2 

 

 


 

26 

 



GRI CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference 

and Remarks 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and the 

Boundary 

Pg 18 to 24 

103-2 

The 

management 

approach 

and 

its 

components 

Pg 18 to 24 

103-3 

The 

management 

approach 

and 

its 

components 

Pg 18 to 24 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

Economic Performance 

GRI 201: 

Economic 

Performance 

2016 

201-1 Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

Pg 18 

Energy 

GRI 302: 

Energy 

2016 

302-1 Energy consumption within the organisation 

Pg 21 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

GRI 405: 

Diversity 

and Equal 

Opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity 

of 

governance 

bodies 

and 

employees 

Pg 22 

Marketing and Labelling 

GRI 417: 

Marketing and 

Labeling 2016 

417-1 Requirements for product and service 

information and labelling 

Pg 24 

417-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

product and service information and labelling 

Pg 24 

417-3 Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

marketing communications 

Pg 24 

 

