
 

1 

 



 

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)  

(Registration No: 200613299H) 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

BOARD’S STATEMENT 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) is pleased to present the 3rd Sustainability Report 

for the financial year ended 31 December 2019.  This report provides an update on the 

progress that the Group has made towards achievement. 

The Group will continue to ensure that it upholds the expectations of all its stakeholders 

towards achieving it goals.  The Board will continue to ensure that these sustainability 

matters are monitored and managed.  The Board remains committed to working closely 

with management to drive the sustainable growth of the Group and to deliver long term 

value for our stakeholders. 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

The Group believes in keeping a close knit relationship with our stakeholders for its 

relevance to sustainability  across the value chain.  On a continuing basis, regular and 

sustained engagement with stakeholders provides us with a up todate picture of the 

sustainability within both our business and physical environment. 

Stakeholders 

Means of Engagement 

Shareholders 

Annual Report and Sustainability Report 

Annual shareholder meeting 

Announcements and circulars 

Employees 

Performance appraisal 

Career development and communication 

Training and education 

Regular meetings 

Consumers 

Consumer enquiries channel 

Mass media and  social media 


 

2 

 

Point of sale 

Surveys and market research 

Suppliers 

Direct communication, meetings and 

discussions 

Evaluation and monitoring  

Joint initiatives and programmes 

Site visits and audits/checks 

Regulators 

Compliance reports 

Announcements and mandatory 

disclosures 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

By focusing the resources on the most critical matters of our business.  We have 

identified the sustainability matters that have a significant impact to our business and key 

stakeholders. Our senior management considered and rated these topics for their 

significance to and impact on our operations. 

 

Material Factor 

 

 

 

 

Mission 

General Disclosure 

- 

Customer satisfaction  

 

 

Care for our customers 

Social 

- 

Food Safety and Hygiene 

 

 

Deliver our best to customers 

- 

Employment  

 

 

 

Inspire and nurture our people 

Environmental 

- 

Energy and Water Conservation 

 

Encourage preservation 

 

 


 

3 

 

Customer Satisfaction 

Focusing on customer care and service and 

improving the customer experience. Keeping our 

products affordable and competitively priced. 

Protecting customers’ rights to privacy and 

safeguarding important information from the 

growing risk of cyber threats. 

 

 

 

Achieved  

Food Safety and Hygiene 

Production, kitchen and service staff members 

are equipped with the necessary knowledge and 

skills in food safety and hygiene through our 

food safety training programme. The content of 

the programme is continuously reviews and 

updated 

 

 

Achieved 

Employment 

All eligible employees received an annual 

performance appraisal, which evaluated past 

performances and assessed areas for 

improvement.    

 

Achieved 

Energy and Water Conservation 

We believe preservation of our natural 

environment is essential for maintaining 

community sustainability. We are committed to 

responsible usage of energy and water 

resources that helps to preserve the 

environment in which the Group operates in. 

 

A systematic maintenance program for 

operating equipment is in place to maintain 

energy and water efficiency. Energy and water 

consumption  are  regularly  tracked  and  

analysed.  Corrective  actions  are  taken  when  

unusual  consumption patterns are observed. 

 

 

 

 

Achieved 

 

 

