


 

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore) 

(Company Registration No: 200613299H) 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

 

BOARD’S STATEMENT 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) is pleased to present the 2nd Sustainability Report for the 

financial year ended 31 December 2018.  The report outlines the Group’s sustainability performance 

as well as insights on the opportunities and challenges proceeding the implementation of our 

strategies. 

 

As the Board of Directors of MMP Resources Limited, we have been overseeing the development of 

this Sustainability Report supported by our management team.  This report provides information on 

the area in which we have believed that have the most environmental, social and governance 

impact. 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

Our key stakeholders actively through various channels to understand the expectations of both our 

internal and external stakeholders to tack sustainability issues and improving sustainability practices. 

We engaged our stakeholders through open and transport channels of communications, consider 

their interests and respond promptly to their concerns. 

 

Stakeholder 

 

Engagement Channel 

Investors  

 

- Annual General Meeting 

 

 

 

- Annual Report 

 

 

 

- Corporate announcements 

 

Customers 

 

- Surveys and market research 

 

 

 

- Social Media Channels 

 

 

 

- Point of Sale 

 

 

 

- Open feedback channels 

 

 

 

- Annual Report 

 

Employees 

 

- Staff appraisal 

 

 

 

- Training and development programs 

 

 

 

- Ability to manage customer relations and deliver customer service 

 

 

Regulators 

 

- Participation in conferences, meetings and discussions 

 

 

 

- Ensure activity complies with standards and guidelines 

 

 

 

- Audit Checks 

 

Suppliers 

 

- Direct communication, meetings and discussions 

 

 

 

- Evaluation and monitoring 

 

 

 

- Join initiatives and programs 

 

 

 

- Positive relationship management 

 


Shareholders 

 

- Annual Report 

 

 

 

- Corporate Website 

 

 

 

- Shareholders’ meetings 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

We have been committed to offer innovative ideas that meet and satisfy stakeholders’ and market 

demands.  In our sustainability journey, we will continue to implement this approach that have a 

significant impact. 

 

Material Factor  

 

 

 

Mission 

General Disclosure 

- 

Customer satisfaction  

 

Care for our customers 

 

Social 

- 

Food Safety and Hygiene 

 

Deliver our best to customers 

- 

Employment 

 

 

 

Inspire and nurture our people 

 

Environmental 

- 

Energy and Water Conservation  

Encourage preservation 

 

 

Customer Satisfaction 

 

Focusing on customer care and service and improving the customer experience. Ensuring 

food and products are safe for consumption and use, and comply with the relevant 

standards and certifications. Keeping our products affordable and competitively priced. 

 

Customers are foundation of our business and therefore it is imperative to ensure their 

needs and concerns are properly managed.  Protecting customers’ rights to privacy and 

safeguarding important information from the growing risk of cyber threats. 

 

 

 

Achieved  

Food Safety and Hygiene 

 

Developing and implementing policies and practices for day-to-day operations and 

undertaking periodic checks and inspections. 

 

Our suppliers are audited at least annually on hygiene and sanitation. To keep up with 

evolving food standards, our Quality Control team undergo regular specialist training on 

hygiene, safety and risk and control. 

 

 

 

Achieved 

Employment 

 

Our employees’ performance is critical for the success of our business.  We seek to attract 

and retain the best employees through the provision of equal opportunities for growth and 

development, as to ensure that they are recognised for their performance through a fair 

remuneration and reward system. 

 

We strive to maintain a fair remuneration system through timely performance appraisals 

and feedback from our team leaders.  We reward our employees  based  on  a  series  of  

attributes that  include  performance,  competence  and  experience.   

 

 

 

Achieved 


Energy and Water Conservation 

 

The Board endeavours to maximise our energy conservation efforts to reduce and develop 

the environmental sustainability of our business. We aim to achieve significant results in 

energy conservation by optimising our equipment capacity. 

 

We believe preservation of our natural environment is essential for maintaining community 

sustainability. We are committed to responsible usage of energy and water resources that 

helps to preserve the environment in which the Group operates in. 

 

A systematic maintenance program for operating equipment is in place to maintain energy 

and water efficiency. Energy and water consumption  are  regularly  tracked  and  analysed.  

Corrective actions are taken when unusual consumption patterns are observed. 

 

 

 

Achieved 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

