
1 of 3 

 

 

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore) 

(Company Registration No: 200613299H) 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

 

BOARD’S STATEMENT 

 

We reaffirm our commitment to sustainability with the publication of our maiden sustainability report.   

 

We are delighted to share our sustainability journey with you in this report and would like to thank 

everyone who has been a part of our journey.    

 

We are cognisant that our stakeholders are increasingly taking notice of the environmental and social 

impact of our activities, and we hope to embed sustainability deeper into our corporate culture in 

order to improve our sustainability practices. 

 

We are committed to strike a balance between growth, profit, governance, environment, the 

development of our people and well-being of our communities to secure a long term future of our 

Group.   

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

Stakeholder engagement is key to our sustainability strategy and we recognise that our actions can 

impact how our stakeholders assess us and make their decisions. With an effective and improved 

understanding, we strive to respond by adding value through our products and services.  Our efforts 

on sustainability are focused on creating sustainable value for our key stakeholders, which comprise 

investors, customers, employees, regulators, suppliers and shareholders. 

 

Stakeholder 

 

Engagement Channel 

Investors  

 

- Annual General Meeting 

 

 

 

- Annual Report 

 

 

 

- Corporate Website 

 

Customers 

 

- Corporate Website 

 

 

 

- Social Media Channels 

 

 

 

- Point of Sale 

 

 

 

- Open feedback channels 

 

 

 

- Annual Report 

 

Employees 

 

- Adequate training on food hygiene and workplace safety 

 

 

 

- Annual career development performance appraisal 

 

 

 

- Email communication 

 

Regulators 

 

- Participation in conferences, meetings and discussions 

 

 

 

- Regulatory filings 

 

 

 

- Audit Checks 




2 of 3 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Suppliers 

 

- Ensure smooth delivery of products 

 

 

 

- Regular site visits and monitoring 

 

 

 

- Positive relationship management 

 

Shareholders 

 

- Annual Report 

 

 

 

- Corporate Website 

 

 

 

- Shareholders’ meetings 

 

 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

Guided by our independent sustainability consultant, we have conducted a materiality assessment 

to identify our key significant areas. 

 

Material Factor  

 

 

Mission 

General Disclosure 

- 

Customer satisfaction  

Deliver our best to customers 

 

Social 

- 

Food Safety and Hygiene 

Deliver our best to customers 

- 

Employment 

 

 

Talent retention and Development 

 

Environmental 

- 

Waste Management 

 

Encourage recycle activities 

 

 

Customer Satisfaction 

Customer satisfaction is a key driver of our business success and sustainable growth.  In line with our 

mission to deliver the best to our customers, we are committed to retain and build a loyal customer 

base. We are service-driven and believe strongly in the importance of being customer focused.   

 

In addition, customer feedback collected from various touchpoints such as listening and 

communication channels, social media are mined together with valuable insights of current and future 

customer requirements.  These insights are discussed during the management meetings to drive 

product and service improvements, enhance operational level and provide inputs for strategies. 

 

 

Food Safety and Hygiene 

We strives to deliver the highest quality and heathy fare and service so that customers can have the 

best dining experience. 

 

We appreciate the complexities in the food and beverage value chain and the risk of quality mishaps 

that could possibly occur during the sourcing and preparation of our products. 




3 of 3 

 

 

 

 

Our outlets undergo regular food hygiene and safety audits on a monthly basis.  With this in mind, we 

are committed to ensure the quality and safety of our products.  We understand by changing customer 

demands towards healthier options and the potential health issues associated with products on 

excessive sugar content.  Therefore, health and wellness considerations are included in our product 

process. 

 

 

Employment 

We have a team of skilled and qualified staff supervised by experienced and knowledgeable managers.  

Our people are our greatest asset and we strive towards taking care and developing them.  Our people, 

being at the forefront of our business, are key in enriching our customers’ overall dining experience.  

We believe that investing in our people and maintaining a skilled and passionate team is key to support 

our competitive business. 

 

 

Waste Management 

The impact of waste management on the environment has been widely recognised in many parts of 

the regions. Sustainable waste management is realised by using the technical, organisational and 

financial resources available in a particular locality. 

 

Our waste management approach is to reduce the amount of waste generated from our business 

operations and to encourage recycling activities where possible.  Our used coffee grounds can be 

recycled and re-produced them as fertilizers for plants.   

 

 

 



