









To be the trusted market leader in providing

quick and convenient financing solutions. 

CORE VALUES         

Trust 

Respect

Excellence

Customer Centricity

Innovation

Governance

This sustainability report has been prepared by MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd. (the “Company”) and its contents have been reviewed by the Company’s 

sponsor, United Overseas Bank Limited (the “Sponsor”), for compliance with Rules 226(2)(b) and 753(2) of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist. 

This sustainability report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST. The SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this sustainability report, 

including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this sustainability report. 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr. Chia Beng Kwan, Senior Director, Equity Capital Markets who can be contacted at 80 Raffles Place, #03-03 UOB Plaza 

1, Singapore 048624, telephone: +65 6533 9898.

VISION

CONTENTS 

03 

About Us

04 

Our Extensive Network

05 

Board Statement

07 

About This Report

08 

Stakeholder Engagement

09 

Material Issues

10 

Economic

15 

Governance

19 

Social

23 

Environmental

25 

GRI Content Index






ABOUT US

MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd. and its group of companies 

(“MoneyMax” or our “Group”) is a leading pawnbroker, 

retailer and trader of brand-new and pre-owned jewellery, 

luxury bags and timepieces. Headquartered in Singapore 

and listed on the Catalist Board of the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”), we have a network of 

72 outlets in Singapore and Malaysia, making us one of the 

largest pawnbroking chains in the region. This is after we 

completed our investment into 13 pawnshops in Malaysia and 

acquired Ban Joo Pawnshop Pte. Ltd. in Singapore in 2018.   

With customer centricity and innovation as part of our Group’s 

core values, we are constantly exploring new opportunities 

and avenues to enhance our customer experience and service 

standards. Following the global trend of digitalisation, we 

launched MoneyMax Online in 2015, offering our customers 

an online platform to shop, sell and appraise their valuables.  

In our joint venture with Tokyo Stock Exchange-listed Aucnet 

Inc. (“Aucnet”), one of Japan’s leading Business-to-Business 

(“B2B”) internet auction companies, we also launched SG 

e-Auction, Singapore’s first online LIVE B2B auction platform 

for luxury goods in 2018.   

In recognition of our commitment to embrace innovation and 

business excellence, our Group has been awarded multiple 

awards from the coveted Singapore Prestige Brands Award 

(“SPBA”), including Overall Winner Award (Promising Brands 

– 2013), the Most Popular Brand Award (Established Brands 

– 2015), and has been inducted into its prestigious Hall of 

Fame in 2015. 



SUSTAINABLE GROWTH AT MONEYMAX

Sustainability  is often defined as development which 

fulfills present needs without compromising the 

needs of future generations. MoneyMax considers 

sustainability as a critical factor to our long-term 

growth. In our second Sustainability Report, which 

reports on the financial year ended 31 December 

2018 (“FY2018”), we highlight key developments and 

achievements relating to the economic, environmental, 

social and governance (“ESG”) factors that are material 

to our stakeholders.

The key expectations of our respective stakeholders are 

major considerations that our Group takes into account 

when formulating our business strategies. This ensures 

that our Group is able to optimise our financial and 

human capital resources in a manner that generates 

growth that will be sustainable in the long term. With 

our focus on innovation and digitalisation, we believe 

that our Group will continue to break through the 

traditional frontiers of the pawnbroking industry.

Our management team (“Management”) steers the growth 

of our Group in tandem with sustainability planning under 

the guidance of our Board of Directors (“Board”).  Our 

Management reports decisions on economic, social and 

governance topics to our Board.

MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd.  3



SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 2018






WEST

Boon Lay

Bukit Panjang Plaza

Bukit Gombak MRT

Choa Chu Kang MRT

Clementi

Jurong East

Jurong East MRT

Jurong Point

Jurong West

Soon Lee

ZhengHua

NORTH

Ang Mo Kio

Causeway Point 

Chong Pang

Hougang

Hougang Mall

Kovan Central

Marsiling MRT

Yishun Northpoint

Rivervale Plaza

Sembawang MRT

Woodlands MRT

Yew Tee MRT

CENTRAL

Bendemeer

Bishan MRT

Bukit Merah 

Junction 8

Little India

Lucky Plaza 1

Lucky Plaza 2

People’s Park Complex

Poiz Centre

Rafﬂes Place MRT

Redhill

Serangoon

Tanjong Pagar

Toa Payoh

MONEYMAX

EAST

Bedok

Geylang

Joo Chiat Complex

Paya Lebar MRT

Tampines MRT

White Sands

SINGAPORE

43

OUTLETS

(AS OF APRIL 2019)

OUR EXTENSIVE NETWORK

4  MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd.


MESSAGE FROM EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN AND CEO

















Dato’ Sri Dr. Lim Yong Guan 



We are committed to expanding our diversified working 

environment with a focus on cross-cultural fluency and 

gender equality, and investment in the silver generation in 

our workforce. 

BOARD STATEMENT

MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd.  5



SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 2018






STRATEGISING FOR THE FUTURE

2018 marks a year of our achievement of several notable 

corporate milestones as well as progression towards our 

sustainability goals.  In this Sustainability Report issued 

for FY2018, we report on the progress of our sustainability 

performance and also look to the next phase of our 

journey towards achieving sustainable growth through the 

4 main tenets we have adopted for our sustainability focus, 

namely, prudent financial management, being a trusted 

provider of financial solutions, provision of a diverse and 

progressive workplace and corporate social responsibility. 

Our sustainability efforts continue to be led by our 

senior management and our Board which oversees and 

manages the direction, approach, and performance of our 

sustainability goals against our business strategy. 

Our Board has considered sustainability issues as part 

of its strategic formulation, determined the material 

ESG factors highlighted in this Sustainability 

Report, and is responsible for overseeing 

the management and monitoring of these 

material ESG factors.

DEVELOPMENTS 

2018 was an exciting year as 

we expanded our business 

with new business initiatives 

and network growth. 



However, as we faced challenges with weaker consumer 

sentiments, uncertain economic outlook, and rising costs, 

we maintained our financially prudent approach while 

continuously striving to innovate and to stay relevant 

with rapid changes in consumers’ preferences. This is 

necessary not only for us to maintain our competitive 

edge, but also critical in ensuring that we continue to 

deliver sustainable growth. 

We strive for high standards of environmental responsibility 

in the way we conduct our business. For example, we aim 

to minimise our environmental impact by promoting 

cashless payment and online e-renewals as part of our 

efforts to go paperless during our daily operations. 

MoneyMax’s greatest assets are our employees who 

invest their careers with a company that invests in 

them. Our inclusive workplace environment encourages 

our employees across all levels and backgrounds to 

contribute actively, driving the success of our Group. 

We are committed to expanding our diversified working 

environment with a focus on cross-cultural fluency and 

gender equality, and investment in the silver generation in 

our workforce. We also believe in empowering individuals 

within our Group and leaving a positive impact in our local 

communities. 

Sustainability is at its essence a balancing act that requires 

our stakeholders to be constantly committed. This 

Sustainability Report represents an important facet of this 

commitment. Together with the Board, we look forward 

to the future progression of our Group. 

 

Dato’ Sri Dr. Lim Yong Guan 

Executive Chairman &amp; CEO 

MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd.

6  


REPORTING SCOPE AND PERIOD

This report highlights the key ESG initiatives carried out by MoneyMax and covers data and information from 1 January 2018 

to 31 December 2018 with a focus mainly on our Singapore operations. We have included comparative data, where applicable, 

and description of performance in the context of previously disclosed targets. Through this report, MoneyMax plans to affirm 

our commitment to sustainable growth with our stakeholders, including our investors, customers, partners and employees. 

Our Group has not sought external independent assurance for this Sustainability Report, and will consider doing so in the 

future if necessary. We have relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy. 

In line with our commitment to reduce our impact on the environment, our Group will not be providing any hard copies of 

this report.  We welcome all stakeholders to review the PDF version of this report, which will be made available at www.

moneymax.com.sg.

FEEDBACK

Feedback from MoneyMax’s stakeholders is imperative to our Group’s continued improvement and growth. Please let us have 

your views and suggestions by contacting us at: ir@moneymax.com.sg

ABOUT THIS REPORT

REPORTING FRAMEWORK

MoneyMax maintains our commitment to sustainability, with the publication of our second Sustainability Report. Our report 

is prepared in accordance with Rule 711B of the SGX-ST Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist Rules”) and in 

accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards - Core Option.

We have adopted the GRI reporting framework as it offers an internationally recognised benchmark for disclosure across a 

comprehensive range of sustainability related topics.  In defining our reporting content, we have applied GRI’s principles by 

considering our Group’s activities, impact and substantive expectations and interests of our stakeholders. We observed a 

total of four principles, including stakeholder inclusiveness, sustainability context, materiality and completeness. For reporting 

quality, we have applied the GRI principles of accuracy, balance, clarity, comparability, reliability and timeliness. 

Stakeholder

Inclusiveness

Identification of the stakeholders of MoneyMax and our Group’s response to their 

expectations and interests

Sustainability

Presentation of our Group’s performance from a sustainability perspective

Materiality

Aspects of our Group that have (i) significant economic, environmental or social impacts or 

(ii) significantly influence the assessments and decisions of our Group’s stakeholders

Completeness

Reflection of the material aspects of our Group to enable the stakeholders to assess the 

performance of our Group for FY2018

Please refer to GRI Content Index, pages 25 to 27 which summarises the content of our report.

GRI REPORTING PRINCIPLES

MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd.  7



SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 2018


STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Stakeholders

Communication Channels

Stakeholder Focus

Our Customers

• Feedback channels including 

social media platforms, emails, 

hotlines, in-store feedback forms

• Informal feedback sessions

• Product offering

• Quality service

• Value-for-money products and 

services

Our Investors

• Annual general meetings

• Annual reports

• SGXNet announcements

• Shareholder circulars

• Financial performance

• Investment returns

• Transparency and timely 

reporting

Our Employees

• Induction program for new 

employees

• Periodic town hall and regular 

meetings

• Company events

• Informal feedback channels

• Performance appraisals

• Fair employment practices

• Opportunities to learn and grow

• Recognition of efforts

Our Business Partners

• Regular meetings and dialogue 

sessions

• Good relationship

• Fair market practices

• Timely payments

• Prospects of business growth

Regulatory Authorities

• Participation in discussions and 

consultations

• Regular reports

• Accurate and timely reporting

• Adherence to laws and 

regulations

Our Community

• Community outreach activities

• Engagement with community 

projects and charities

• Social responsibility

• Environmental responsibility

THE FIRST STEP IN SUSTAINABILITY PLANNING

In MoneyMax, we recognise the importance of a meaningful two-way engagement with our key stakeholders to understand 

their concerns and interests. We identify stakeholders as groups that have an impact, or have the potential to be impacted 

by our business. As part of our materiality assessment process, we have identified six key stakeholder groups to engage with, 

based on their level of influence and interest. 

Effective stakeholder engagement allows our Group to anticipate and react to challenges and is part of our efforts to build 

a sustainable long-term business. Our engagement strategy includes formal and informal channels of communications, as 

well as internal review processes to integrate stakeholder feedback with our corporate strategies.

The table below sets out the key stakeholders and our methods of engagement:

8  MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd.


MATERIAL ISSUES 

In developing our Sustainability Report, we engage actively with our internal and external stakeholders through the various 

communication channels described in the preceding section of the report. This enables us to identify issues that are material 

to both our Group and our stakeholders. These issues can be broadly categorised into economic, environmental, social and 

governance issues. These material issues are selected based on their likelihood and potential impact on our Group’s business 

and our long-term growth.

We have identified the following material ESG factors: 

MONEYMAX MATERIALITY MATRIX

• Legal compliance and corporate 

governance

• Data Privacy

• Consumer experience and product 

responsibility

• Corporate social responsibility

• Sustainable economic growth

• Anti-corruption and anti-fraud

• Diversity and equal 

opportunity

• Gender diversity

• Environmental compliance

Low

Medium

High

Impact to stakeholders

ECONOMIC

• Sustainable economic 

growth

SOCIAL

• Diversity and equal 

opportunity

• Corporate social 

responsibility

• Gender diversity

GOVERNANCE

• Legal compliance and 

corporate governance

• Anti-corruption and  

anti-fraud

• Data privacy

• Consumer experience and 

product responsibility

ENVIRONMENT

• Environmental 

compliance

The topic boundaries have been covered in our discussion of the various ESG factors in the following pages.

Likelihood of occurance

Low

Medium

High

MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd.  9



SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 2018


MoneyMax seeks to establish a competitive advantage in the industry through  

cost leadership while maintaining an emphasis on the provision of  

superior customer experiences.



SUSTAINABLE  

ECONOMIC GROWTH

10  MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd.






SUSTAINABLE ECONOMIC GROWTH 

In FY2018, our Group made a number of notable achievements 

in brand building and market expansion. We completed our 

investments into 13 pawnshops in Malaysia and also acquired 

an established pawnshop, Ban Joo Pawnshop Pte. Ltd.,  

in Singapore . 

To usher in the lunar new year, we collaborated with 

Entertainment One to develop and launch the first jewellery 

collection of worldwide phenomenon, Peppa Pig for South-

East Asia. This initiative serves to strengthen our competitive 

advantage in the market, and enables us to stay relevant with 

consumer trends.  

In May 2018, we introduced our e-Renewal service which seeks 

to enhance the customers’ user experience by providing them 

a convenient way to pay their interest online. In the same 

month, we also launched SG e-Auction as the first online LIVE 

B2B auction platform in South East Asia for luxury goods. SG 

e-Auction is a collaboration with Japan’s leading B2B internet 

auction company, Aucnet, to cater to the ASEAN market for 

the sale and purchase of luxury branded merchandise, gold 

and diamond goods. 

In our Group’s maiden foray into the motor vehicle financing 

industry (“AutoFinance”), we launched MoneyMax Leasing, 

which provides a one-stop solution for vehicle owners.  

Together with MoneyMax Assurance Agency, we believe this 

is the next step forward in our Group’s transition towards 

becoming a leading financial solutions provider providing 

a suite of products to cater to our customers in different 

markets. 

These initiatives allow us to enhance the suite of services 

we offer to our customers and expand our business reach in 

existing and new markets. We strive to remain innovative and 

stay relevant with rapid changes in consumers’ preferences. 

This is critical for us to maintain our competitive edge and 

ECONOMIC

continue to deliver sustainable growth in view of the weaker 

consumer sentiments and uncertain economic outlook.

We will continue to focus efforts on driving new service 

innovations and business offerings so as to generate new 

revenue streams and deliver sustainable growth. 

For a detailed review on the economic performance of 

MoneyMax for FY2018, please refer to our Annual Report 

FY2018.





SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 2018

MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd.  11




GROUP BUSINESSES

PAWNBROKING

The provision of pawnbroking services is a core business 

of our Group. To cater to the needs of our consumers, our 

Group has strategically positioned our outlets in highly 

accessible locations across Singapore and Malaysia and we 

have extended operating hours to cater to the needs of our 

consumers. As at 31 December 2018, we have a network of 

72 pawnbroking outlets in Singapore and Malaysia, making 

us one of the largest pawnbroking chains in the region.

The availability of pawnbroking services provides an 

alternative source of short-term financing that is convenient 

and lawful. Our Group extends loans to our pawners on a 

pre-determined loan to value ratio that is based on the valuation of their collateral assets (“pledges”). These pledges are 

often items such as gold jewellery, diamonds, gemstones, timepieces and other luxury items. 

To ensure security of our pledges, our outlets are equipped with advanced security systems and storage facilities, and are 

kept under round-the-clock surveillance. Our Group also engages an independent external security firm to constantly monitor 

our alarm systems. The pledges of our pawners are insured in accordance with the regulatory requirements of the Registry 

of Pawnbrokers (“ROP”).

Our Group is governed by and strictly adheres to the prevailing laws under the Pawnbrokers Act 2015 and the directions of 

the ROP for our pawnbroking business in Singapore as well as Pawnbrokers Act 1972 for our pawnbroking business carried 

out in Malaysia. 

 

RETAIL

From the pawnbroking business, our Group expanded 

into the retail and trading business for luxury products. 

Our operations comprise the retail and trading of new 

and pre-owned luxury products such as gold, jewellery, 

timepieces and handbags. Leveraging on our pawnbroking 

business, the retail and trading of new and pre-owned 

luxury items expands on our Group’s core competencies 

of retail outreach, customer-centric service and valuation 

expertise to increase our range of products and services. 

We have digitalised our services so that consumers can 

access our 3-in-1 online platform to shop, sell and appraise 

valuables. 

MoneyMax is committed to managing and minimising the 

impact of our business operations along our supply chain. The 

supply chain for our retail and trading business is primarily 

made up of manufacturers and second-hand luxury goods 

dealers. We source our products globally across Asia, the 

Middle East and Europe.

We consistently engage our suppliers through strict quality control inspections, authentication checks by our trained employees 

and evaluations of the items to ensure the quality of our products. 

Aside from being a luxury products retailer, MoneyMax also creates value for customers by providing an avenue for them 

to sell their pre-owned items to us.

As we deal with second-hand products, we also need to abide by the Secondhand Goods Dealers Act (Chapter 288A).



*Pictures shown are for illustrative purposes only, and are not 

a representation of the respective brands.

12     MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd.

12  MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd.




2018

146,507

2017

156,401

2016

125,166

2015

93,982

2014

72,857

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

REVENUE (S$’000)





PROFIT BEFORE TAX (S$’000)

NET ASSETS VALUE (S$’000)

2016

2014

2015

2017

1,366

3,769

6,933

2018

9,036

8,355

58,257

2014

2015

60,098

66,622

2016

72,004

2017

75,671

2018

Year

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

Revenue

72,857

93,982

125,166

156,401

146,507

Profit before tax

1,366

3,769

8,355

9,036

6,933

Profit net of tax

771

3,098

6,506

7,288

5,490

Net asset value

58,257

60,098

66,622

72,004

75,671

Earnings per share (S$ cents)

0.25

0.88

1.76

1.93

1.41

Key Financial Information (S$’000)

MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd.  13



SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 2018








MALAYSIA

PEOPLE’ S REPUBLIC 

OF CHINA



SINGAPORE

Singapore’s first LIVE B2B online 

auction platform focusing on 

luxury branded merchandise,  

gold and diamond goods.

One of the largest pawnbroking 

chains with a network of 72 outlets 

in Singapore and Malaysia.



FINANCIAL LEASING

MoneyMax makes foray into China 

with joint venture to provide financial 

leasing services in Chongqing.

EXPANSION AND GROWTH 

BEYOND SINGAPORE



14  MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd.








MoneyMax is  committed to ensuring a high standard of corporate  

governance to protect the interests of our stakeholders.

COPORATE

GOVERNANCE



SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 2018

MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd. 15


GOVERNANCE



16  MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd.

LEGAL COMPLIANCE AND CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE

We maintain our commitment to legal compliance and 

corporate governance through a well-established system of 

governance principles and accountability structures.

As a pawnbroking service provider, we are  regulated under 

the Pawnbrokers Act 2015, the Pawnbroking Rules 2015 and 

Anti-Money Laundering (“AML”) regulations in Singapore, 

as well as the Pawnbroking Act 1972 in Malaysia. In addition, 

as a company listed on the Catalist Board of the SGX-ST, 

we are governed by the Catalist Rules, including rules on 

transparency and disclosure requirements.   

We perform periodic reviews of our Group’s decision making 

process and operational policies to ensure compliance with 

these prevailing regulations. We ensure that our employees 

are adequately trained to perform basic customer profiling 

and due diligence, when necessary. We continue to utilise 

communication channels to ensure that our employees 

are updated on new developments or changes to existing 

regulations. 

In addition, our Group’s risk and compliance team regularly 

conducts random checks at our outlets to ensure our 

operational practices are in compliance with prevailing 

regulations and guidelines. 

In FY2018, we conducted a total of 13 internal training 

sessions and meetings with our retail staff to provide, 

amongst operational and other matters, regulatory and 

anti-money laundering updates including regulations 

related to illegal conduct and references on anti-corruption 

laws and published cases.  There were approximately 50 

employees, including management that attended each 

of these training sessions and meetings conducted in our 

office premise.  

Target: For the financial year ending 31 December 2019 

(“FY2019”), our Group intends to maintain the number of 

training and refresher sessions for all our employees to ensure 

that they are kept up to date with any changes to AML and 

other applicable regulations.   

ANTI-CORRUPTION AND ANTI-FRAUD

We strive towards upholding professional values and 

integrity when conducting business. Our Group maintains 

a strict policy against dishonest and corrupt practices 

and ensures that all business functions are cognisant of 

the established code of conduct and ethical business 

practices in every jurisdiction that we operate. Our Group 

places heavy emphasis on ethical business practices 

which prohibits payment of bribes and acceptance of 

inappropriate gifts, amongst others. 








*Pictures shown are for illustrative purposes only, and are not a representation of the respective brands.

MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd.  17



SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 2018

Our Audit Committee (“AC”) oversees our Group’s internal 

controls and risk management systems.  We have a whistle-

blowing policy through which employees may, in confidence, 

raise concerns regarding matters such as misconducts, 

unlawful activities, suspected fraud and other dishonest 

activities. There are also arrangements for an independent 

investigation for such incidents and appropriate follow-up 

actions where necessary by the AC Chairman. The AC will 

subsequently report to the Board on such matters. Details 

of our whistle-blowing policies and arrangements are made 

readily available to all employees. 

In addition, we have established policies in relation to dealing 

in securities and interested person transactions, which are 

disclosed in MoneyMax Corporate Governance Report on an 

annual basis. As part of the principal functions of the Board 

in assuming responsibility for corporate governance, our 

MoneyMax Corporate Governance Report is reviewed by the 

Board on an annual basis.

We have a Code of Conduct and behavioural standards 

outlined in our Employee Handbook,  which our employees 

are required to adhere to. Our Group takes a serious view of 

unethical conduct or malpractice in relation to corruption or 

fraud and formal disciplinary proceedings will be conducted 

where necessary. Training on business ethics and conduct 

is regularly held during training sessions and meetings to 

reinforce the procedures for reporting any potential violations. 

Our Group is pleased to share that no whistle-blowing reports 

were received for FY2018, and there were no reported 

incidents in relation to anti-corruption and anti-fraud 

regulations for FY2018 (FY2017: nil).

Target: Our Group targets to maintain a clean track record 

of zero reported incidents in relation to anti-corruption and 

anti-fraud regulations for FY2019.

 

CONSUMER EXPERIENCE AND PRODUCT 

RESPONSIBILITY

As a customer-centric organisation, we aim to fulfill 

customers’ needs seamlessly and prioritise service quality. 

In our roadmap to enhancing customer experience and 

relationships, we have established a few customer feedback 

platforms via our MoneyMax Jewellery facebook page, 

email, in-store customer feedback forms and our telephone 

service hotline, which are handled by our customer service 

staff and periodically analysed to understand customers’ 

feedback and concerns.  

As every interaction counts, in FY2018, MoneyMax continued 

the implementation of our customer experience strategy 

through focused customer service trainings conducted for our 

retail employees and continued analysis of results obtained 

from our customer feedback platforms. 200 retail employees 

have undergone in-house authentication and valuation training 

sessions in relation to the goods and services provided at our 

outlets. In addition, approximately 12 customers participated 

and provided their feedback on their experience in our outlets. 

In FY2018, we have not received any Consumer Association 

of Singapore (CASE) or Small Claims Tribunal cases.

Our Group has been a member of CaseTrust since 2008, 

which is the accreditation arm of CASE, and is Singapore’s 

de facto standard for companies who wish to demonstrate 

their commitment to fair trading and transparency to its 

consumers. Our Executive Chairman and CEO, Dato Sri’ Dr Lim 

Yong Guan, is also an active Council Member of the Singapore 

Pawnbrokers’ Association.

In FY2018, we are pleased to announce that there were no 

incidents of non-compliance with consumer laws (FY2017: nil). 

Target: Our Group targets to maintain our track record of zero 

incidents of non-compliance with consumer laws for FY2019.






DATA PRIVACY

Safeguarding customers’ data is of paramount importance 

to MoneyMax and we are committed to maintaining the 

privacy and security of their personal data as required 

by the Personal Data Protection Council (“PDPC”) under 

the Personal Data Protection Act (“PDPA”). Our Group’s 

success is dependent on individuals’ trust that their 

personal data is being collected, handled and protected 

in a responsible manner. 

Our Group has implemented stringent data protection 

policies and procedures in compliance with the PDPA, 

which define the methods of handling personal data. 

Robust security procedures are in place to enforce data 

privacy. We have appointed a Data Protection Officer 

(“DPO”) who is responsible for the following: 

• Including aspects of PDPA compliance when developing 

and implementing policies and processes for handling 

personal data;

• Fostering a data protection culture among employees 

and communicating personal data protection policies 

to stakeholders;

• Managing personal data protection related queries and 

complaints within the Group;

• Alerting management to any risks that might arise with 

regard to personal data; and

• Liaising with the PDPC on data protection matters, if 

necessary.

 

Our employees are also contractually obliged to keep 

all information communicated to them confidential. Our 

Group has in place procedures limiting data access rights 

of our employees commensurating to their scope of work 

as a measure to manage data privacy risk.  These include 

password authorisation by levels of responsibility for access 

to sensitive data and printing out of listings and other records. 

All data is stored securely in the data center, which 

only authorised personnel are allowed to enter. Online 

transactions with sensitive personal data transmitting 

are encrypted, preventing unauthorised individuals from 

reading and modifying any information transferred, 

including potential personal details. Everyone in the 

workplace is trained on how to recognise confidential 

information and treat it accordingly. Employees who have 

no reason to handle confidential information would not 

have access to it.

In accordance with ROP regulations, we are required to store 

our pawn documents for a period of 5 years.  The physical 

documents are stored in our warehouse where there is 

restricted access. In line with the PDPA requirements, we 

are in the process of identifying and formalising the process 

of appointing a third party service provider for the proper 

disposal of the physical documents.       

In FY2018, there were no substantiated complaints 

concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of 

customer data across the outlets (FY2017: nil).

Target: For FY2019, our Group targets to continue our 

efforts in handling our customer data responsibly in a 

secure operating environment as well as ensuring data 

is not being used for other purposes without customers’ 

permission.

18  MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd.

RISK MANAGEMENT

Our Management regularly reviews our Group’s procedures in 

accordance with the Enterprise Risk Management Framework. 

This framework ensures that our Management is able to 

systematically identify risks, determine the probability and 

impact of each risk, assess the appropriateness of the existing 

risk controls, and implement additional risk controls where 

necessary. 











Singapore Pawnbrokers’ Association

Our risk and compliance team conducts regular ad-hoc 

inspections on our outlets and carries out reviews on various 

risk and compliance matters as directed by Management. 

Our Management holds regular meetings with our risk and 

compliance team to review their findings. The information 

gathered provides current data to the Management and 

facilitates the identification and mitigation of any risks that 

may arise. 




Our commitment to sustainable growth is underscored by the emphasis on diversity, equal 

opportunity, labour management, employee training, employee health and  

safety as key aspects of our human resource strategy.

A RESPONSIBLE  

EMPLOYER

MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd. 19



SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 2018








SOCIAL

PEOPLE

Optimisation of the talent pool available to MoneyMax is a cornerstone of our Group’s long term strategy. Our Group seeks 

to go beyond compliance with existing labour laws and regulations and will look to further strengthen our existing policies 

to implement a robust framework that allows our employees to experience a career that is vibrant, inclusive and progressive 

with MoneyMax.

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY

At MoneyMax, we embrace diversity and we recognise 

the importance of creating an all-inclusive environment 

where our employees can treat each other respectfully, 

honestly and equally. 

Our Group is committed to creating an environment 

that provides equal opportunities and benefits to each 

employee, regardless of his or her gender or age. Our 

commitment to diversity is apparent in  our workforce 

representation numbers.

Lor

c

DIVERSITY

MANAGEMENT

Lo

c

Lor

c

NATIONALITY

AGE

RACE

Lor

c

CAREER

BACKGROUND

GENDER

LIFESTYLE

20  MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd.












GENDER DIVERSITY

In FY2018, our workforce comprises a total of 309 (FY2017: 299) employees on a permanent, full time basis. Our female 

leaders continue to account for more than half of the top and middle management positions. Gender diversity, particularly 

in the management positions, is essential in driving our Group’s future growth. Activities organised are inclusive and female 

employees are enrolled for courses such as skill-development, training courses and networking events. Career progression 

and remuneration within our Group is based on meritocracy and as a result of these initiatives, the percentage of women in 

management positions has increased from 67% in FY2017 to 71% in FY2018.  Our Group is pleased to report that there were 

no reports of gender discrimination for FY2018 (FY2017: nil). 

The details of gender and age for FY2018 are as follows:

MULTI-GENERATIONAL

MoneyMax embraces age diversity within our workforce by focusing on both recruiting the talents of tomorrow and retaining 

the experience and skills of our veteran employees. Our Group’s multi-generational workforce brings a degree of dynamism 

to the organisation that is essential for us to cater our services to consumers across all age groups.

Male

Female

Male

Female

GENDER RATIO OF 

MONEYMAX MANAGEMENT

GENDER RATIO OF 

MONEYMAX WORK FORCE

69%

31%

FY2018

72%

28%

FY2017

71%

29%

FY2018

67%

33%

FY2017

AGE PROFILE OF MONEYMAX  

WORKFORCE

&gt; 50

&lt; 30

30 - 50

30%

52%

18%

43%

41%

16%

FY2018

FY2017

MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd.  21



SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 2018






COMMUNITY

traditional Chinese medicine treatment and provides free 

medical services to the local community), Geylang East Home 

For The Aged (a residential home managed by volunteers 

to provide day care, rehabilitation and other services for 

needy elderly),  Modern Confucianism Foundation Ltd. (an 

organisation supporting the education and promotion of 

teachings of Confucius), and Sian Chay Medical Institution 

(a charitable organisation registered with the Ministry 

of Health of Singapore which offers traditional Chinese 

medicine treatment and provides free medical care to the 

local community). 

The highlight of our Group’s charitable initiatives is Project 

Sayang, a goodwill initiative organised by Radin Mas Citizen 

Consultative Committees Community 

Development and Welfare Fund held in 

December 2018. Under Project Sayang, 

our employees ignited the kampong 

spirit and gathered together in a show 

of solidarity to assist needy families of 

Radin Mas, Telok Blangah and Redhill 

housing estates, by providing them with 

daily necessities such as beds, electrical 

appliances and clothing racks.

Target: Our Group aims to continue 

to participate in local community 

programmes to promote the culture of 

giving back to the society, especially 

to the underprivileged and elderly,  in 

FY2019. 



CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 

We are mindful of the importance of leaving a positive impact 

in our local community, as well as empowering and engaging 

the underprivileged. 

This is primarily achieved through numerous activities and 

programmes organised by our  Group’s Corporate Social 

Responsibility (“CSR”) platform. 

In FY2018, our Group participated and contributed to the 

fundraising and charity events from various charitable 

organisations, including Seu Teck Sean Tong Yiang Sin Sia 

(a charitable organisation registered with the Ministry of 

Culture, Community and Youth of Singapore which offers 

22  MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd.




CARE FOR THE

ENVIRONMENT

MoneyMax maintains a core commitment towards maximising the environmental  

efficiency of our operations and towards building a cleaner future for everyone.



MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd. 23



SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 2018


ENVIRONMENTAL

24  MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd.

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

MoneyMax places great emphasis on growth that is 

environmentally sustainable. We consistently review our 

policies and practices to optimise the management of energy, 

water and waste within our Group. MoneyMax maintains a 

core commitment towards maximising the environmental 

efficiency of our operations and towards building a cleaner 

future for everyone. Our Group is pleased to report that 

there were no reports/incidences of non-compliance with 

environmental laws and regulations for FY2018 (FY2017: nil).

Target: Our Group will continue to maintain zero reports/

incidents on non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations in FY2019. 

WASTE MANAGEMENT &amp; RECYCLING 

MoneyMax conducts its business in a sustainable manner 

through energy efficient practices and adhering to the 

principles of “Reduce, Re-use and Recycle”. The 3Rs aim to 

effectively minimise waste produced and to conserve precious 

metals or other materials for future use.

As we purchase pre-owned items and professionally 

refurbish them, we are prolonging the useful lives of these 

items and reducing wastage. We also have the practice of 

recycling our aged inventory into raw materials such as gold 

and loose gemstones. Selected gold items may be sold to 

third party refineries which are recycled for production of 

new gold bars.  In FY2018, we purchased a total of 712 kg 

of pre-owned gold, of which 706 kg was sold to refineries 

for recycling.   

In FY2018, our Group implemented the following policies 

which aim to reduce the amount of waste produced, and 

which we will continue to be committed to in FY2019.

• By encouraging our employees to print double-sided  

instead of single-sided in our workplaces

• By encouraging the submission of e-reports to the 

management and moving towards a paperless enviroment

• By encouraging the recycling/reuse of used materials  

wherever possible





PRECAUTIONARY PRINCIPLE

The Group supports the intent of the Precautionary Principle. 

However, given the Group’s current scale of operations, we 

have not undertaken any specific measures to apply the 

Precautionary Principle or approach.


GRI CONTENT INDEX

GRI STANDARDS

GRI Standards

Disclosure

Page Reference and 

Reasons for Omission, if 

Applicable

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE

GRI 102: General 

Disclosure 2016

102-1

Name of organisation

Sustainability Report 

(SR): Page 3

102-2

Activities, brands, products and services

SR: Page 12

102-3

Location of headquarters

SR: Page 4

102-4

Location of operations

SR: Pages 3 and 4

102-5

Ownership and legal form

SR:  Page 3

Annual Report FY2018 

(AR): pages 107 and 108

102-6

Markets served

SR: Pages 4 and 12

102-7

Scale of the organisation

SR: Pages 3, 13 and 21

AR: Pages 46 to 48

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

SR: Pages 20 and 21

102-9

Supply chain

SR: Page 12

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain

N.A. There were no 

significant changes to the 

Group’s size, structure, 

ownership or supply chain 

in FY2018.

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

SR: Page 24

102-12

External initiatives

SR: Page 22

102-13

Membership of associations

SR: Page 17

STRATEGY

GRI 102: General 

Disclosure 2016

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

SR: Pages 5 and 6

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosure 2016

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour

SR: Page 2

GOVERNANCE

GRI 102: General 

Disclosure 2016

102-18

Governance structure

SR: Page 3

AR: Pages 9

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

GRI 102: General 

Disclosure 2016

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

SR: Page 8

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

N.A. The employees 

of MoneyMax are not 

covered by collective 

bargaining agreements.

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

SR: Page 8

102-43

Approach to stakeholders engagement

SR: Page 8

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

SR: Page 8

MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd.  25



SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 2018


REPORTING PRACTICE

GRI 102: General 

Disclosure 2016

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements

SR: Page 7

AR: Pages 101 to 106

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

SR: Pages 7, 8 and 9

102-47

List of material topics

SR: Page 9

102-48

Restatements of information

N.A. There were 

no restatements of 

information given in the 

FY2017 Sustainability 

Report.

102-49

Changes in reporting

N.A. There were no 

changes in the list of 

material topics and topic 

boundaries from the 

FY2017 Sustainability 

Report.

102-50

Reporting period

SR: Page 7

102-51

Date of most recent report

The Sustainability Report 

in respect of FY2017 

was published on 12 

December 2018.

102-52

Reporting cycle

SR: Page 7

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

SR: Page 7

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards

SR: Page 7

102-55

GRI content index

SR: Pages 25 to 27

102-56

External assurance

SR: Page 7

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and boundary

SR: Pages 13 to 24

103-2

The management approach and its components

SR: Pages 13 to 24

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

SR: Pages 13 to 24

26  MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd.


ECONOMIC

GRI 201: Economic 

Performance 2016

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

SR: Pages 11 to 13

AR: Page 46

GRI 205: Anti-

Corruption 2016

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption

SR: Page 16 to 17

205-2

Communication and training about anti-corruption 

policies and procedures

SR: Pages 16 to 17

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

SR: Page 17

ENVIRONMENTAL

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations

SR: Page 24

SOCIAL

GRI 405: Diversity 

and Equal 

Opportunity 2016

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

SR: Page 21

GRI 413: Local 

Communities 2016

413-1

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programs

SR: Page 22

GRI 418: Customer 

Privacy 2016

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses of customer data

SR: Page 18

MoneyMax Financial Services Ltd.  27



SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 2018




(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore on 9 October 2008)

Company Registration No. 200819689Z

7 Changi Business Park Vista, #01-01 SOOKEE HQ, Singapore 486042

Tel 65-6812 2777    I    Fax 65-6812 2700    I    Website www.moneymax.com.sg

