




Table of Contents

02

06

SUSTAINABILITY 

TASK FORCE

CHAIRMAN AND 

CEO STATEMENT

07

08

09

SUSTAINABILITY

MANAGEMENT

STAKEHOLDER 

ENGAGEMENT

11

15

24

MATERIALITY

ASSESSMENT

ENVIRONMENTAL

PROTECTION

25

26

27

SOCIAL

RESPONSIBILITY

NOTES TO THE 

SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT

KEY AWARDS AND 

RECOGNITION

REGULATORY

COMPLIANCE

GRI INDEX

29

COPYRIGHT AND 

DISCLAIMERS


Chairman 

and CEO Statement

DEAR STAKEHOLDERS 

On behalf of the board of directors (“Board”) of Moya 

Holdings Asia Limited (the “Company” or “Moya”, 

and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”), it 

is our pleasure to present our Sustainability Report 

(“Report”) for the financial year ended 31 December 

(“FY”) 2018, since our inaugural report for FY2017 

issued in December 2018.

FY2018 is designated the year of “achieving sustained 

progress” at Moya. This Report showcases the many 

ways in which we strive to achieve our vision and mission 

as a strategic enduring journey to be a sustainability 

exemplar of the water treatment industry. 

ORGANISING FOR SUSTAINABILITY 

MANAGEMENT

With the benefit of starting our formal sustainability 

reporting project last year, we had created the appropriate 

organisation structure by dedicating management 

resources to a Sustainability Task Force which again led 

the development of this Report in FY2018.

More importantly, with the experience of focussing 

on sustainability-critical processes and metrics, the 

Group gathered momentum around the need to not 

only identify but also reliably measure and manage 

the key performance indicators. By this, we translate 

our sustainability strategy into action. Similarly, we 

continually monitor and analyse our performance to 

ensure that our strategic objectives remain relevant.

THE QUANTUM LEAP YEAR

FY2018 was the year in which the Group made a 

quantum leap, with the full consolidation of Acuatico Pte. 

Ltd. and its subsidiaries (the “Acuatico Group”), leading 

to a 43.4% year-on-year jump in revenue to S$189.3 

million. This expansion promptly produced economic 

efficiencies as evidenced by an improved gross profit 

margin from 41.5% in FY2017 to 45.1% in FY2018.

We are optimistic that this is the beginning of a new 

phase of operational optimisation and efficiencies 

in the Group in the form of technology adoption, 

process streamlining, functional centralisation and 

purchasing competitiveness.

SETTING THE RIGHT ESG GOALS

We have maintained the status of stakeholder 

engagement function as one of the key starting 

points in our sustainability management efforts. We 

will further enhance our stakeholder engagements 

in terms of the breadth, depth and how such 

engagements can help produce actionable strategies.

Our Board is fully committed to manage our material 

Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) factors 

and consider them integral to operational strategy. 

As a public company and a commercially competitive 

enterprise, Moya balances its ESG management with 

a customer-focused perspective. We endeavour to 

align our sustainability-centric business processes 

with high customer satisfaction levels.

We have improved our materiality assessment 

by mapping United Nations (“UN”) Sustainability 

Development Goals (“SDG”) to current performance, 

demonstrating our steadfast commitment in improving 

transparency in our business operations, as we ramp 

up our efforts to help communities in the places we 

operate in to aid regional development. For instance, 

our Employment practices, Occupational Health 

and Safety programmes, Training and Education 

initiatives, Local Communities participation plans 

and Socioeconomic Compliance areas help progress 

UNSDG No. 8 (Decent Work and Economic Growth). 

 



MOYA HOLDINGS ASIA LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

2






Low Chai Chong

Chairman

In our materiality ranking assessments, we have 

carefully studied and revalidated the order of our 

management priorities from FY2017.  Within that, we 

are progressively expanding our management scope 

along the lines of the new Global Reporting Initiatives 

(“GRI”) 303 on Water and Effluents. In particular, we 

will focus on how water is to be managed as a shared 

resource and how local stakeholders can be more 

actively involved. Effluent or sludge management - 

where our operations may have major environmental 

impact - remains one of the priority areas of 

investment and continual improvement for Moya. We 

have also stepped up our socioeconomic activities 

as the Group enlarges its geographic footprint and 

population coverage.

As well as focusing on our own processes, we 

recognise that through our choices of partners in 

our value chain, we set an example for sustainable 

development in areas which may go well beyond 

our end-customers. We endeavour to increase 

sustainability compliance across our supply chain, 

because our operating partnerships with suppliers 

and contractors can have significant impact in how 

and where they operate. 







LEADING THE WAY THROUGH 

SUSTAINABILITY AND GROWTH

3




OUR PEOPLE, OUR ASSETS

Our people are our assets, and a holistic healthy 

corporate culture is a key foundation. We believe that 

everyone’s interest is well-served by the promotion 

of a healthy corporate governance culture. Our 

corporate governance practices are aligned with the 

Singapore’s Code of Corporate Governance.



Mohammad Syahrial

Chief Executive Officer

In the area of human resource management, 

we continue to invest substantially in employee 

development especially in staff training whereby we 

have been steadily increasing our target training 

hours per employee.

In occupational health and safety, there were zero 

work-related incidents resulting in fatalities in FY2018. 

We are in the process of evaluating and improving 

internal procedures and programmes to help maintain 

this trend in the future.



MOYA HOLDINGS ASIA LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

4


Low Chai Chong

Mohammad Syahrial

Chairman

Chief Executive Officer

Last but not least, we endeavour to continue investing 

in our employees’ well-being as well as expanding 

our diversity to demonstrate our progressive and 

meritocratic leadership.

READY FOR THE GREEN 

INFRASTRUCTURE WAVE

Looking ahead, we are very encouraged that 

infrastructure finance is now moving in a very positive 

direction in Indonesia. Indonesia has made progress 

towards improving environmental and sustainability-

oriented finance with the issuance of the Green 

Bond Regulations in December 2017. The country is 

now the biggest ASEAN Green Bond market in the 

region measured at USD1.98 billion according to a 

2018 Climate Bonds Initiative study.1 Its Green Bond 

and Green Sukuk Framework mentions and utilises 

aspects of the Green Bond Principles and ASEAN 

Green Bond Standards to help improve compatibility 

with ESG-focused investment funds looking to 

supplement green projects in the nation. In March 

2018, Indonesia made history by being the first Asian 

country and the 5th nation internationally to issue a 

green sovereign in the form of a USD 1.25 billion green 

sukuk. This together with the World Bank’s approved 

US$100 million project to build pipe connections in 

Indonesia, means that Moya is at the forefront of a 

major green infrastructure wave in Indonesia. Against 

this backdrop, we must strive to become the water 

solutions provider of choice in Indonesia.

1 Climate Bonds Initiative (CBI). (2018, November 30). ASEAN Green 

Finance: State of the market 2018. Retrieved March 11, 2019.

 

As our water-treatment business is poised for 

bigger opportunities, we have also begun the 

process of diversifying our portfolio of sustainability-

based businesses, with an initial investment in two 

subsidiaries in August and October 2018 which will 

seek out opportunities in power generation using 

renewable energy.

APPRECIATION AND PLEDGE

We would like to express our heartfelt appreciation 

to our management and partners who contributed 

directly to this Report. Undoubtedly, all our 

stakeholders have also been a part of this Report 

preparation. Each contribution in its own way, has 

helped shape the Moya sustainability story to the 

success it is today. 

With the guidance of our Board and management 

team as well as all our stakeholders, we pledge to step 

up our commitment to sustainability by building upon 

our initial efforts across our Group, imbued with our 

very own Indonesian spirit: “Semangat Sustainability” 

(Spirit of Sustainability).







LEADING THE WAY THROUGH 

SUSTAINABILITY AND GROWTH

5


Sustainability 

Management

BOARD OF 

DIRECTORS

GRI SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORTING 

ADVISERS

AUDIT 

COMMITTEE

ENVIRONMENTAL 

PROTECTION

NOMINATING 

COMMITTEE

SAFETY, HEALTH 

AND COMPLIANCE

REMUNERATION

COMMITTEE

TALENT, HUMAN 

RESOURCES AND 

LABOR PRACTICES

SUSTAINABILITY 

TASK FORCE

SUPPLY CHAIN AND 

PROCUREMENT

Chart 1. 

Sustainability Organisation Chart



MOYA HOLDINGS ASIA LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

6


Sustainability Task Force

Our sustainability strategy is directed by the Board and operationalised through our Sustainability Task Force 

which was assembled in FY2017 and further enhanced in FY2018.

The Sustainability Task Force consists of members from each operational group, namely Environmental 

Protection; Safety, Health and Compliance; Talent, Human Resources and Labour Practices; and Supply Chain 

and Procurement. 

The Sustainability Task Force is headed by Harjanto Kurniady, Chief Financial Officer of Moya Indonesia Holdings 

Pte. Ltd. (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) and supported by external qualified GRI Sustainability 

Reporting Advisers.

SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPROACH

In addition to the Economic factors impacting shareholders, Moya has identified material Environmental, Social 

and Governance (ESG) topics.

Moya’s sustainability management approach to all material ESG topics comprises the following:

Statement of Purpose

To minimise negative impacts and enhance positive impacts through the most efficient deployment of resources 

available in the fastest timeframe possible.

How We Manage

•  Practice ESG-focused engagement to focus on and discuss with stakeholders regarding material topics.

•  Elaborate and improve upon current policies and reporting procedures using a phased approach to improve 

disclosures over time.

•  Review current data gathering methods according to criteria set by management and in compliance with 

international standards to help augment management judgement.

•  Based on previous performance towards set targets, assess current performance and tailor approaches to 

achieve long term goals using a mix of qualitative and quantitative data gathered.

•  Improve on speed and scale of delivery regarding negative impact mitigation methods.

•  Increase engagement with our contractors and invest in our human resources to help improve quality of life as 

well as our understanding of material ESG topics.

•  Monitor and make necessary changes to management approach where necessary to ensure long term goals 

are attained.

The GRI Standards

We have chosen to continue to present our Sustainability Report with reference to the GRI Standards as set out 

in FY2017. This is to aid readers of this Report by adding upon previous year’s performance to provide context 

to our efforts towards long term goals.

We have chosen to adopt GRI Standards as it is the most established and an internationally renowned reporting 

framework. Importantly, GRI Standards are continually reviewed and revised to adapt to ever-changing 

sustainability challenges around the world. The GRI Standards contain an expansive scope of reporting within 

which customisability to specific company conditions is available.

The material ESG topics are assessed and presented with data, where available, with reference to a specific GRI 

Standard and disclosures, and mentioned throughout this Report.







LEADING THE WAY THROUGH 

SUSTAINABILITY AND GROWTH

7


We consider our stakeholders as intrinsic to our operations and focus on actively engaging them through 

ongoing communication channels such as surveys, meetings, focus groups and interviews. These sessions help 

us maintain important dialogue and ear-to-the-ground awareness with all links of our value chain to enable us 

to assess risks, plan and mitigate them with regards to sustainability issues.

We have reviewed our stakeholder mapping and identified six key stakeholder groups which have been 

highlighted below. We have enhanced our disclosures in FY2018 from FY2017 after reviewing input from 

engagements with the stakeholders in FY2018, which have aided us invaluably in re-evaluating and ramping 

up our material ESG topics coverage. Some topics and concerns by them are covered in Table 1 below.

Stakeholder Engagement

•  Timely financial results and updates through 

announcements, business developments, 

press releases and other relevant disclosures 

via SGXNet and the Company’s website

•  Investor and Analyst briefings

•  Annual General Meeting and Extraordinary 

General Meeting

•  Maintenance of direct communication 

channels

•  Community outreach efforts

•  Transparency in reporting

•  Sound and well-thought-out governance 

practices

•  Sustained profitability and enhanced value-

added shareholder returns

•  Positive engagement of the Company to local 

conditions

•  Improved living conditions directly due to the 

Company actions and outreach

•  Affordable and high-quality water supply

•  Reasonable pricing for services received

•  Release of new products and services

•  Improved engagement of the Company to 

queries and complaints

•  Compliance with all relevant laws and 

regulations

•  Fair and equitable treatment

•  Learning via training and development 

programmes to enhance skill sets

•  Health and safety practices

•  Market-competitive wages, renumeration and 

corporate benefits

•  Progressive and innovative working culture

•  Fair and respectful treatment

•  Responsible procurement practices

•  Fulfilment and adherence to contractual 

obligations such as payments

•  Customer satisfaction surveys

•  Regular meetings with Drinking Water 

Customer Committee 

 (Komite Pelanggan Air Minum)

•  Direct outreach with customers

•  Meetings and dialogue sessions with 

government bodies

•  Meetings and round table discussions with 

industrial bodies and interest groups

•  Internal communication meetings

•  Training and development programmes

•  Performance appraisals and career 

development initiatives

•  Employment questionnaires

•  Employee gathering

•  Operational reviews

INVESTORS

COMMUNITIES

CUSTOMERS

GOVERNMENT 

&amp; REGULATORS

EMPLOYEES

SUPPLIERS

TOPICS OF INTERESTS

ENGAGEMENT METHODS

KEY STAKEHOLDERS

Table 1. Stakeholder Engagement



MOYA HOLDINGS ASIA LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

8


Building upon our previous year’s exercise, we reviewed and revalidated the material ESG factors from our inaugural 

report using a range of current stakeholder comments and feedback, employee involvement as well as industrial 

group standards. By including these aspects into determination, we could accurately assess the material impacts in 

our Group’s assessment and determine current gaps in our approaches to sustainability.

The Sustainability Task Force revisited all the ESG factors previously identified and established that these factors 

remained critical to Moya. These factors were then reviewed by the Board and are highlighted in Table 2 below.

Anti-Corruption (GRI 205)

Energy (GRI 302)

Water and Effluents (GRI 303)

Emissions (GRI 305)

Effluents and Waste (GRI 306)

Environmental Compliance (GRI 307)

Employment (GRI 401)

Occupational Health and Safety (GRI 403)

Training and Education (GRI 404)

Diversity and Equal Opportunity (GRI 405)

Local Communities (GRI 413)

Socioeconomic Compliance (GRI 419)

3

4

1

5

6

2

12

7

8

11

9

10

Internal Control Division

Operational Division

Operational Division

Operational Division

Operational Division

Governance Relation, License and Health Safety 

and Environmental (“HSE”) Division

Human Resource and General Affair Division

Governance Relation, License and HSE Division

Human Resource and General Affair Division

Human Resource and General Affair Division

Governance Relation, License and HSE Division

Governance Relation, License, Human Resource 

and General Affair Division

Materiality Assesment

ECONOMIC

ENVIRONMENT

SOCIAL

RANKING OF 

IMPORTANCE

OWNERSHIP BY IMMEDIATE 

DEPARTMENT

MATERIAL FACTORS 

(GRI STANDARDS)

SUSTAINABILITY 

FOCUS AREAS

Table 2. Materiality Assessment







LEADING THE WAY THROUGH 

SUSTAINABILITY AND GROWTH

9


HIGH

Importance of Stakeholders

Significance of Impact

MEDIUM

LOW

LOW

MEDIUM

HIGH

SDG AND GRI STANDARDS

We also paid cognisance to the fact that our material GRI Standards map to many SDGs:

•  Environmental Compliance

•  Water and Effluents

•  Anti-Corruption 

• Energy

• Emissions

• Effluents and Waste

• Training and Education 

• Local Communities

• Occupational Health and 

Safety

• Socioeconomic Compliance

• Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity

• Employment

GRI 200 - Economic GRI                    300 - Environmental                    GRI 400 - Social

SDG GOAL 5 

Gender Equality 

SDG GOAL 7

Clean Water and 

Sanitation

SDG GOAL 8

Decent Work and 

Economic Growth

SDG GOAL 13

Climate Action

SDG GOAL 16

Peace, Justice and Strong 

Institutions

Diversity and Equal Opportunity (GRI 405)

Water and Effluents (GRI 303)

Effluents and Waste (GRI 306)

Employment (GRI 401)

Occupational Health and Safety (GRI 403) 

Training and Education (GRI 404)

Local Communities (GRI 413)

Energy (GRI 302)

Emissions (GRI 305) 

Anti-Corruption (GRI 205)

Environmental Compliance (GRI 307)

Socioeconomic Compliance (GRI 419)

Chart 2. Materiality Matrix

Table 3. SDG to GRI Standards Mapping



MOYA HOLDINGS ASIA LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

10


We comply with all governmental regulations regarding withdrawal of water from approved bodies. The need 

to protect these bodies is critical from an ecological point of view because the habitat created by water helps 

maintain the local flora and fauna of the area. In addition, local communities may also depend on such biodiversity 

for their livelihoods such as fishing or tourism related activities. Hence, our management approach extends to 

involvement with the well-being of the local communities in which we operate.

In FY2018, our volume of water withdrawn includes the Acuatico Group for more accurate depiction which 

includes all group water treatment plants.

Environmental Protection

MAXIMUM PERMITTED WITHDRAWAL 

(LITRES PER SECOND)

WATER TREATMENT PLANT

364,034,381

389,431,057

409,715,753

2016

2017

2018

Acuatico Air Indonesia

Aetra Air Tangerang

Aetra Air Jakarta

Moya Tangerang

Moya Bekasi Jaya

Zero cases of non- 

compliance

Zero cases of non- 

compliance

Maintain zero cases

Maintain zero cases

85

900

10,200

1,500

1,300

With increasing shortages across Asia, water security is an increasingly acute concern. Moya 

uses water in the provision of its water treatment solutions as well as office use. As a result, we 

understand environmental, social and economic implications of strategically managing our water 

resources and exercise a multi-faceted risk approach to addressing water concerns.

WATER VOLUME WITHDRAWN (LITRES)

YEAR

WATER AND EFFLUENTS (GRI 303)

FY2017 PERFORMANCE

FY2018 TARGETS

FY2018 PERFORMANCE

COMPLIANCE WITH STATUTORY WATER WITHDRAWAL LIMIT

FY2019 TARGETS

Table 4. Volume of Water Withdrawn

Table 6. Water Withdrawal Limit Breaches

Table 5. Water Withdrawal Limit set by Government







LEADING THE WAY THROUGH 

SUSTAINABILITY AND GROWTH

11


Water purification generates waste due to the action of removing impurities from untreated water. 

Effluents refer to the facility-treated water that is discharged into the environment.

We are highly conscientious about how the disposal and treatment of generated waste from our 

operations, if handled improperly, has potential negative impacts to both the environment and 

the health of local residents exposed to such waste. In addition to our substantial investments in 

safe effluent and waste management, the disposal of such effluents requires strict compliance with 

extensive rules and regulations in the course of business.

Our review of our contractors regarding compliance with environmental regulations is ongoing. We aim to 

improve our reporting processes in this area in due course.

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE (GRI 306)

FY2017 

PERFORMANCE

GRI STANDARD AND 

DISCLOSURES

FY2018 

TARGETS

FY2019 

TARGETS

FY2018 

PERFORMANCE

Total Weight of Sludge 

Waste (Tons).

Reduce sludge disposed 

at landfills.

Apply alternative methods 

of sludge disposal that 

comply with laws and 

regulations.

Continual improvement 

of the sludge disposal 

methods.

39,9502

17,596

GRI 306-2

Table 7. Effluents and Waste Disposal

2 The increase in sludge in FY2018 was attributed to the addition of waste generated by 

the Acuatico Group (acquired by the Group in June 2017) over the entire year in FY2018 as 

compared to seven months in FY2017.



MOYA HOLDINGS ASIA LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

12


Waste Management Procedure

Chart 3. Waste / Sludge Management Process

Recycle

No Recycle

Liquid waste 

are collected 

in recycle

tanks

Liquid waste is 

pumped into 

Decanter machines 

to separate mud

To be pumped 

back into mixing 

basin to be 

reprocessed

Discharged 

back into river

Liquid waste 

is pumped 

into SDBs to 

separate mud

Dry mud are 

collected in a 

temporary collection 

point at Buaran 

Water Treatment 

Plant

WASTE 

IDENTIFICATION

Waste discharged from 

water treatment plant

Drying Bed 

Process

Decanter 

Process

Supernatant

Filtrate

Result in water

Result in water

Result in mud

Result in mud









SLUDGE BASIN

RECYCLING BASIN

SUPERNATANT

DISPOSAL AREA

DECANTER SYSTEM







Sustainability Management Review in Progress







LEADING THE WAY THROUGH 

SUSTAINABILITY AND GROWTH

13


FY2017 

PERFORMANCE

GRI STANDARD AND 

DISCLOSURES

FY2019 

TARGETS

FY2018 

PERFORMANCE

Energy Consumption 

(Gigajoule)

Energy Intensity

(Megajoule / revenue (SGD))

Greenhouse Gas Emissions 

Consolidated target- setting is in 

development. See Sustainability 

Task Force – How We Manage 

(Page 7)

2.41%

Consolidated target- setting is in 

development. See Sustainability 

Task Force – How We Manage 

(Page 7)

348,322

2.46%

86,286

352,776

2.73%

87,339

Our energy consumption approach within our organisation remains steadfastly focused on efficiency. Our energy 

consumption continues to improve in the wake of installing more environmentally friendly technologies such as 

LED conversion exercises, inverter installations as well as upgrading water pumps.

GRI 302-1 – Energy consumption within the organisation

GRI 305-1 – Direct (scope 1) GHG emissions

GRI 302-3 – Energy intensity

ENERGY AND EMISSIONS (GRI 302, 305)

The Group is principally engaged in water treatment and as such, it is deeply involved with a critical 

resource of national importance. As Moya gradually expands its operations through potential group 

acquisitions, plant enhancements and openings, we understand the need for prudent planning and 

design of operations when providing value to customers. Energy efficiency helps Moya convey 

value to consumers by helping to keep the environmental strain of our operations minimal, while 

improving on our operational quality and controlling our manageable costs along our value chain.

Moya undertakes rigorous testing to assure consumers that the water enjoyed from its plants are in line with 

standards set. We also actively explore potential avenues for more ecological methods for waste reduction which 

can lower the effect of potential spills of waste generated from our plants.

To underpin our responsibility in effluents and waste treatment, staff are regularly educated on potential 

improvements which can be made after operational reviews are undertaken. In addition, we further highlight the 

need to stay updated on regulatory changes and the importance of adherence to proper policy and procedures.

Table 8. Energy Consumption and Greenhouse Gas  Emissions



MOYA HOLDINGS ASIA LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

14


Social Responsibility

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY (GRI 405)

Improving gender equality and improving the workforce representation can benefit companies in 

terms of new ideas and greater quality of life for participating workforce members. Gender equality 

in the workplace occurs when both men and women are entitled to the same opportunities and 

rewards with the same resources allocated to them. We focus on helping individuals with the right 

competencies and experience to connect with the best career opportunities in Moya. Equality 

helps convey value to prospective employees about Moya’s inclusive culture of cultivating talent 

regardless of gender and improves satisfaction from current customers, along with encouraging 

long-term sustainable economic growth.

2017

2017

MALE 

2017

DIVISIONS3

FEMALE 

2018

2018

2018

MALE 

2018

FEMALE 

2017

Male

Female

Total

Board of Directors 

of the Company and 

Subsidiaries

Operational

Office

Project

1,130

213

1,343

2%

75%

18%

5%

1,087

198

1,285

2%

72%

21%

5%

72

3

75

1%

50%

43%

6%

43

2

45

1%

48%

46%

5%

We pledge to improve and create greater employment opportunities based on merit and competencies 

regardless of gender, race and religion.

PERCENTAGE OF TOTAL PERMANENT WORKFORCE

GRI 405-1 (Diversity of governance bodies and employees)

PERMANENT EMPLOYEES

TEMPORARY EMPLOYEES

Table 9. Number of Employees by Gender

Table 10. Percentage of Employees by Division

3 The technical nature of the work we undertake at Moya naturally affects the Group’s 

employment gender profile.







LEADING THE WAY THROUGH 

SUSTAINABILITY AND GROWTH

15


Human Resource Development

By developing our workforce through training, classes and education, we help create successive generations of 

talents and attract potential talent to sustain Moya’s growth. This is crucial for us to help enhance the current 

experience of our workers and to develop different skills. We highlight the need for continual education with our 

encouragement for skills upgrading as well as programmes designed to help them march in step with industrial 

trends and keep up with the Indonesian economy. This also extends to our recruitment policies which pursue new 

growth areas with talent from educational institutions as well as partnering with government bodies. These plans 

then allow us to assess and track the skills base of our employees, hence aiding us to plan for future acquisition 

of other skills that boost our strategic capacity to meet targets in an ever-growing work environment.

Our approach is tailored differently to individual groups with our four training methods, accounting for different 

focuses and intended outcomes. This helps us deliver a more varied experience to our employees and stimulates 

better improvements in their technical and interpersonal skills.

Importantly, in the competition for talent, in addition to offering market competitive wages to our employees, 

Moya’s staff remuneration schemes include non-monetary benefits such as medical benefits (see Occupational 

Health and Safety segment). In this way, Moya provides a holistic approach to the development of its workforce.

Moya hosts numerous activities designed to help bring employees together and bond over interactive 

engagements. Some instances involve group competitions or get-togethers for either leisure classes, excursions 

or trips.

Age

250

300

350

400

50

100

150

200

0

&lt;21

4

31

96

147

225

294

366

91

76

21-25

26-30

31-35

36-40

41-45

46-50

51-55

&gt;56

Number of Employees

Chart 4. Number of Employees by Age in FY2018



MOYA HOLDINGS ASIA LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

16


8

8

8

4

FOCUS

TYPE OF 

TRAINING

NUMBER OF 

SESSIONS

TRAINER

HOURS PER 

SESSION

Internal Training

In-House Training

External Training

Sharing Session

Hard Skills

Soft and Hard Skills

Soft and Hard Skills

Experience-based Skills

Internal

External

External

Internal

Depending on 

the volume of 

training materials

GRI 404-2 – Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs

FY2017 

PERFORMANCE4

GRI STANDARD AND 

DISCLOSURES

FY2018 

TARGETS

FY2019 

TARGETS

FY2018 

PERFORMANCE

Total rate of employee 

turnover

Average hours of training per 

year per employee

6.3%

27

3.5%

29.3

Maintain employee 

turnover rate below 10% 

based on Moya’s Quality 

Objective Policy

30

Maintain employee 

turnover rate below 10% 

based on Moya’s Quality 

Objective Policy

30

GRI 401-1 – Employee turnover

GRI 404-1 – Average hours of training per year per employee





Maintaining a healthy workforce helps ensure stability and a consistent working culture across Moya’s operations. 

Our retention policies also emphasise mentoring and social family-based counselling, to ensure employees are 

provided with a caring environment. This in turn helps reduce disengagement risks which may isolate employees 

from identifying with the Group’s goals and corporate culture.

Figure 1. Leadership Training

Figure 2. Team Building

Table 11. Types of Training

Table 12. Training and Turnover Rates

4 Performance data documented above takes into consideration the data from the Acuatico 

Group prior to its acquisition by the Company. The inclusion of this data is to enable accurate 

comparison of the overall improvements achieved by the Group.







LEADING THE WAY THROUGH 

SUSTAINABILITY AND GROWTH

17


OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

(GRI 403)

Our staffs may be exposed to health and safety risks, in the course of providing services to 

customers and during the day-to-day operation of our plants. Our “Work Safety” initiatives are 

designed to minimise Occupational Health and Safety (“OHS”) risks and these initiatives are 

regularly reviewed to assess operational relevance and effectiveness, based on performance data. 

There were no reported injuries or fatalities due to work-related incidents in FY2018.

Number of Injuries

Number of Fatalities

Lost time Injury Rate

Lost time Severity Rate

Zero accidents resulting 

in employee permanent 

disability or fatality

Zero occupational 

illnesses

Maintain zero 

work related 

injuries or 

fatalities

0

0

0

0

2

0

24.8

24.8

GRI 403-9 (Work-related Injuries)

FY2017 

PERFORMANCE

GRI STANDARD AND 

DISCLOSURES

FY2018 

TARGETS

FY2019 

TARGETS

FY2018 

PERFORMANCE

The Group establishes an Occupational Safety and Health Management Committee (P2K3) which has clear 

authority on the management of OHS and the environment. The Group is highly committed to implementing 

and improving the performance of OHS and environmental management systems and international standards 

(OHSAS 18001: 2007) through periodic review of HIRADC (Hazard Identification, Risk Assessment and 

Determining Controls). In 2018, PT. Moya Indonesia obtained the OHSAS 18001: 2007 occupational health 

and safety management system certificates, after a series of internal and external audits. OHSAS requires 

organizations shall establish, implement and maintain procedures for ongoing hazard identification, risk 

assessment, and determination of necessary controls in areas such as the design of work areas, processes, 

installations, machinery/equipment, operating procedures and work organization, including their adaptation 

to human capabilities along with modifications to the OHS management system, as well as temporary changes 

and their impacts on operations, processes, and activities.

In addition to safety inductions, fire drills along with crisis mitigation planning, our safety trainings include lessons 

on hazard identification such as general knowledge on plant equipment and identifiers on basic malfunction 

symptoms. We also provide clarification on safety related policies, standard operating procedures and regulations 

regularly such as through seminars and related group briefings. We improve retention of such knowledge amongst 

our employees and try to instil a safety focused culture, with regular knowledge-sharing sessions. This is done in 

an open discussion environment where they can clarify doubts, express constructive judgement and criticism as 

well as suggest changes to improve upon current practices.

We also comply strictly with Indonesia manpower regulations which require employers to arrange for occupational 

disease programs as well as yearly medical check-up sessions for all employees. These check-ups include physical 

examinations, X-rays, laboratory testing and other medical support. Employees are granted medical benefits 

including outpatient care as well as inpatient coverage of hospitalisation, according to their employment seniority.

Table 13. Number of Safety Incidents



MOYA HOLDINGS ASIA LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

18


CASE STUDY 1: THREE STAGE FIRE HYDRANT INSTALLATION

In accordance with local fire hydrant regulations, to increase workplace safety in our water treatment 

plants, we are looking into improving our fire hazard control infrastructure. We have developed a three-

stage process to achieve a safer work environment as follows:

• Stage I (2018), installation of the piping and housing for fire hose, generator and pump.

• Stage II (2019), installation of generator and jockey pump.

• Stage III (2020), expansion of the piping to other areas, such as the offices and waste basin.

We are currently on track to complete the expansion by 2020.

Such development plans are a necessity in some of our water treatment plant as their existing fire hazard 

control methods are reliant on existing fire hydrant and portable fire extinguishers.

A safety review will be conducted by the Indonesia Fire Department once the installations are completed 

to ensure the quality of workplace safety.





Figure 4. Fire Hydrant

Figure 3. Hydrant Pipe Support







LEADING THE WAY THROUGH 

SUSTAINABILITY AND GROWTH

19


LOCAL COMMUNITIES (GRI 413)

Moya partners with its communities connected along its value chain to help encourage sustainable 

development. We engage with locals through a range of engagement methods along our four 

Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) pillars.

Number of 

implemented 

local community 

engagement

Continue supporting local 

community engagements 

by cooperating with 

different organisations 

and encouraging staff 

volunteerism

48

17

GRI 413-1 – Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs)

FY2017 

PERFORMANCE

GRI STANDARD AND 

DISCLOSURES

FY2019 

TARGETS

FY2018 

PERFORMANCE

PROVIDING 

ACCESS TO CLEAN 

WATER

NATURE

CONSERVATION

DONATION

EDUCATION

Table 14. Number of Corporate Social Responsibility Activities Conducted

Chart 5. CSR Pillars



MOYA HOLDINGS ASIA LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

20


CASE STUDY 2: ACCESS TO CLEAN WATER – READY-TO-DRINK TAPS

In 2018 as part of our Corporate Social Responsibility program, Aetra Air Jakarta donated eight drinking 

water fountains to various locations such as schools, mosque and sports arenas. These fountains are 

permanent fixtures and are maintained monthly.

Approximately IDR144 million to IDR200 million was spent on the donation of water fountains.

Installation of such water fountains is accompanied by educating communities about the importance of 

piped water access and how this source of water provides more health benefits than ground water.









Figure 6. Completed Water Fountain Installation

Figure 8. Piped Water Experience

Figure 7. Piped Water Tasting

Figure 5. Testing of Water Fountain

Providing Access to Clean Water

We believe in improving the lives of locals with helping them with our basic water needs. We are committed 

to providing and indirectly or directly subsidising more communities with water kiosks and fountains for areas 

without clean water access. Such water kiosk and fountain facilities are built at a discounted rate and managed 

by Kelompok Swadaya Pengguna Air (Water User Self-Help Group).







LEADING THE WAY THROUGH 

SUSTAINABILITY AND GROWTH

21


CASE STUDY 3: ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION – CISADANE RIVER CONSERVATION

In March 2018, in conjunction with the “World Water Day” being an annual United Nations observance 

day that highlights the importance of freshwater, Aetra Air Tangerang together with Balai Besar Wilayah 

Sungai (government body that oversees rivers) jointly conducted the Cisadane River Conservation project.

This project aims to clean up the pollution caused from household garbage in the Cisadane River. The 

project was held on 20 March 2018, and approximately 2.7 tonnes of garbage was collected from a 

kilometre segment of the river. The garbage was subsequently properly disposed of in Rawa Kucing 

Landfill, Kota Tangerang.

As a commitment to the conservation efforts, Aetra Air Tangerang plans to conduct this project annually 

as part of “World Water Day”. To improve this initiative going forward, Aetra Air Tangerang intends to 

increase the timeframe, number of participants and the clean-up area.





Figure 10. Cisadane River Project

Figure 9. River Cleaning Efforts

Nature Conservation

Maintaining rivers and reservoirs of areas which we extract water is important to the long-term sustainable 

extraction of resources to ensure that Moya has adequate resources to draw from, as well as the delicate 

dependencies that local communities have with such water bodies, such as related cottage industries. Through 

our nature promotion exercises, Moya aims to improve awareness of local flora and fauna through conservation 

as well as eco-oriented involvement programmes.



MOYA HOLDINGS ASIA LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

22


Education 

Along with actions to improve the communities in which Moya is involved, we are committed to help local 

communities understand and appreciate key water issues, such as supply sources, health and quality of life in 

general. Throughout FY2018, the Group conducted multiple outreach programmes to a wide range of students 

across all levels of the Indonesia education system. Other exercises involved hosting local communities to visit our 

water treatment plants and engaging in sharing sessions as well as to educate locals on our business practices.

In 2018, there were eight external education visits to Buaran and Pulogadung water treatment plant. Approximately 

480 attendees had undergone this program. The program aims to educate the masses on the importance of 

clean water and the processes behind the production of one of life’s essentials.

Donations

2018 was one of the most challenging years for Indonesia, with an estimated 2,426 natural incidents causing 

extensive devastation. Incidents such as the Banten earthquake in January 2018 which left an estimated 1000 

houses destroyed, contributed to an estimated 4,231 deaths nationally5. Moya responded rapidly to help needy 

parties in distress with provision of donations and treated water to crisis areas.

In addition to crisis response, Moya also provides local communities through open dialogue sessions and 

community service initiatives to local religious institutions and orphanages. This helps staff to appreciate the 

local communities and engage with local citizens to understand grassroots issues and strengthen Moya’s ties to 

the community through volunteerism.

5 Straits Times. (28 December 2018). 2018 is Indonesia’s deadliest year in a decade. Retrieved 

from https://www.straitstimes.com/asia/se-asia/2018-is-indonesias-deadliest-year-in-decade

 







LEADING THE WAY THROUGH 

SUSTAINABILITY AND GROWTH

23


Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

Significant fines and non- monetary sanctions for non-compliance with 

environmental laws/regulations

Significant fines and non- monetary sanctions for non-compliance with 

laws/regulations in the social and economic areas

Regulatory Compliance

ANTI-CORRUPTION (GRI 205)

Moya has a zero-tolerance policy towards unethical practices and corruption.

Through a comprehensive anti-corruption policy, which allows us to assess the systems and 

procedures in place, we are better poised to manage any ethics or corruption risks.

With our ongoing systems as well as enterprise-wide outreach efforts to address potential risks, 

Moya stands as an organisation of integrity, focusing on enhancing and maintaining an ethical, fair 

and honest dealing in our business.

FY2017 

PERFORMANCE

GRI STANDARD AND 

DISCLOSURES

FY2019 

TARGETS

FY2018 

PERFORMANCE

Maintain zero 

incidents

Maintain zero 

incidents

Maintain zero 

incidents

Zero incidents

Zero incidents

Zeroincidents

Zero incidents

Zero incidents

Zeroincidents

GRI 205-3

GRI 307-1

GRI 419-1

6 Please refer to the Company’s FY2018 Annual Report (“2018 Annual Report”) for more details 

on the Corporate Governance Report.

Table 15. Regulatory Compliance Performance

REGULATORY COMPLIANCE (GRI 205, 307, 419) 

We are aware that regulatory breaches may potentially impact our business materially, causing reputational, 

financial and environmental damages in the communities which we operate in. We stand committed to comply 

with all applicable laws and regulations which apply to our operations. The Group seeks open dialogue and our 

stakeholders and all levels of governmental agencies such as law enforcement or environmental regulatory bodies 

to help understand,  comply and apply all such related legislature in a structured and comprehensive manner.

As a public-listed entity on the Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”), we 

adhere to all listing rules, as well as all other relevant laws in Singapore including but not limited to the Securities 

and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, the Companies Act (Chapter 50) of Singapore, and the Income Tax 

Act (Chapter 134). We practice a corporate governance framework in accordance with the Code of Corporate 

Governance of Singapore, within which we implement extensive risk management processes.6



MOYA HOLDINGS ASIA LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

24








Key Awards 

and Recognition

Figure 14. ISO 9001:2015

Figure 11. OHSAS 18001:2007

Figure 12. ISO 9001:2015

Figure 13. Halal Certification









LEADING THE WAY THROUGH 

SUSTAINABILITY AND GROWTH

25


Notes to the

Sustainability Report

STATUTORY REQUIREMENTS 

This Report is prepared in accordance to Rules 711A and 711B of the SGX-ST Listing Manual Section B: Rules of 

Catalist (“Catalist Rules”) as well as Practice Note 7F.

REPORTING FRAMEWORK AND SCOPE

This Report is prepared with reference to the GRI Standards. Accordingly, the Global Reporting Initiative shall be 

notified of this Report.

This Report is to be read in conjunction with the Company’s 2018 Annual Report. 

Additional corporate information is available on our website at http://www.moyaasia.com.

DATA DISCLOSURES

The reporting scope in FY2018 focuses on improvements over our inaugural sustainability report in FY2017 and 

highlights the results of our pledged efforts to improve on our sustainability impact. The reporting scope covers 

Moya’s business operations in Indonesia and details our ESG performance year-on-year, with some historical 

performance (FY2016 to FY2018) added of clarity where available, due to the consolidation of the Acuatico 

Group in June 2017.

All data is reported in good faith and to the best of our knowledge. No external assurance has been obtained 

for this Report.

FEEDBACK

We welcome all feedback to help us improve our sustainability report, policies and practices. 

Please send your comments or feedback to http://www.moyaasia.com.



MOYA HOLDINGS ASIA LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

26


MANAGEMENT APPROACH

Reporting Practice

102-1

102-2

102-4

102-6

102-7

102-8

102-14

102-18

102-40

102-42

102-44 

102-46 

102-47 

102-50

102-52 

102-53 

102-54 

102-55

103-1 

103-2 

103-3

Name of the organisation

Activities, brands, products, and services

Location of operations

Markets served

Scale of the organisation

Information on employees and other workers

Statement from senior decision-maker

Governance structure

List of stakeholder groups

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Key topics and concerns raised

Defining report content and topic boundaries

List of material topics

Reporting period

Reporting cycle

Contact point for questions regarding the report

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI

GRI content index

Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries

The management approach and its components

Evaluation of the management approach

Moya Holdings Asia Limited

Chairman and CEO Statement

Chairman and CEO Statement

Chairman and CEO Statement

Diversity and Equal Opportunities

Diversity and Equal Opportunities

Chairman and CEO Statement

Sustainability Management and the 2018 

Annual Report

Stakeholder Engagement

Stakeholder Engagement

Stakeholder Engagement

Materiality Assessment

Materiality Assessment

FY2018 

Annual

Notes to the Sustainability Report

Notes to the Sustainability Report

GRI Index

Environmental Protection, Social Responsibility and 

Regulatory Compliance

Environmental Protection, Social Responsibility and 

Regulatory Compliance

Environmental Protection, Social Responsibility and 

Regulatory Compliance

GRI Index

Strategy

Governance

Stakeholder Management

GRI STANDARDS 2018

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

Organisation Profile

REFERENCE/DESCRIPTION







LEADING THE WAY THROUGH 

SUSTAINABILITY AND GROWTH

27


205-3

302-1

302-3

303-3

305-1

306-2

307-1

401-1

403-9

404-1

404-2

405-1

413-1

419-1

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken

Energy consumption within the organisation

Energy Intensity

Water Withdrawal

Direct (scope 1) GHG emissions

Waste by type and disposal method

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations

Employee turnover

Work related Injuries

Average hours of training per year per employee

Programs for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programs

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

Operations with local community engagement, 

impact assessments, and development

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area

Regulatory Compliance

Environmental Protection

Environmental Protection

Environmental Protection

Environmental Protection

Environmental Protection

Regulatory Compliance

Social Responsibility

Social Responsibility

Social Responsibility

Social Responsibility

Social Responsibility

Social Responsibility

Regulatory Compliance

Energy

Water

Emission

Effluents and Waste

Environmental Compliance

Employment

Training and Education

Diversity and Equal Opportunities

Local Communities

Occupational Health and Safety

Socioeconomic Compliance

GRI STANDARDS 2018

REFERENCE/DESCRIPTION

MATERIAL TOPIC

Anti Corruption



MOYA HOLDINGS ASIA LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

28


©2019 Moya Holdings Asia Limited

All rights reserved. Reproduction and dissemination of material contained in this sustainability report for educational 

or other non-commercial purposes are authorised without any prior written permission from the copyright holders 

provided the source is fully acknowledged. Reproduction of material for resale or other commercial is prohibited 

without written permission of the copyright holders. Hyperlinks for non-Moya websites do not imply any official 

endorsement of or responsibility for the opinions, ideas, data or products presented at these locations, or guarantee 

the validity of the information provided. The sole purpose of such links is to indicate further information available 

on related topics. Where translations have been made in languages other than English, the English version shall 

prevail if any discrepancy arises.

This Report has been prepared by the Company and its contents have been reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, 

ZICO Capital Pte. Ltd. (the “Sponsor”), in accordance with Rule 226(2)(b) of the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist. 

This Report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility 

for the contents of this Report, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports 

contained in this Report.

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms Alice Ng, Director of Continuing Sponsorship, ZICO Capital Pte. Ltd. 

at 8 Robinson Road, #09-00 ASO Building, Singapore 048544, Telephone: (65) 6636 4201.

Copyright

and Disclaimers







LEADING THE WAY THROUGH 

SUSTAINABILITY AND GROWTH

29




(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)

UEN 201301085G

65 Chulia Street, OCBC Centre #37-08 

SINGAPORE 049513

Tel: (65) 6365 0652

Fax: (65) 6365 1025



