







2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

01



Contents

02 Chairman and CEO Statement

05 Sustainability Management

07 Stakeholder Engagement

08 Materiality Assessment

10 Environmental Protection

17 Social Responsibility

26 Regulatory Compliance

28 2017 Key Awards and Recognition

29 Notes to the Sustainability Report

30 GRI Index

32 Copyright and Disclaimers


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

02

DEAR STAKEHOLDERS

On behalf of the board of directors (the "Board") of Moya Holdings 

Asia Limited (the "Company" or "Moya", and together with its 

subsidiaries, the "Group"), we are proud to present our inaugural 

Sustainability Report ("Report") for the financial year ("FY") ended 

31 December 2017.

OUR CORE BUSINESS IS SUSTAINABILITY AND 

ALIGNED WITH DEVELOPMENT

From our inception, Moya's core business in water treatment is 

holistically about sustainability. Guided by our vision to be a leader 

in the water industry, we set out to provide clean water to the 

community by recycling natural water resources on an industrial 

scale. One of our key missions is to provide an impactful and 

sustainable water solution for society.

Our business is aligned with major developmental goals. In 2013, 

the United Nations ratified 17 Sustainable Development Goals 

("SDG"), wherein SDG No. 6 is Clean Water and Sanitation for 

all by year 2030. On a global basis, three out of ten people have 

no access to safe drinking water and six out of ten people lack 

access to safely managed sanitation facilities.1 In Indonesia, the 

government has pledged to provide clean water and sanitation 

to 100% of the population by 2019, whereby only approximately 

53% of the population in 2013 had access to safe drinking water.2

We are currently supplying clean water to approximately half of the 

population in greater Jakarta, Tangerang and Bekasi, making Moya 

one of the largest water treatment companies in Indonesia. This was 

substantially boosted by the acquisition of the Acuatico Group in 

June 2017. We will continue to explore opportunities to expand 

our market coverage, production and distribution capacities. We 

are inspired and motivated to maintain our leadership role in the 

industry.

Chairman and CEO

Statement

SHARPENING MANAGEMENT FOCUS

We recognise that sustainability reporting is the interim report card 

from our efforts in sustainability management – the latter is the 

foundation to improve long-term performance. We have reviewed 

our sustainability strategy and established our management approach. 

We have organised key management personnel and resources 

to commit our energies and achieve excellence in environmental 

protection, health and safety, human resource, and supply-chain and 

procurement management.

 

We will continue to build our team to sharpen our management 

capabilities for corporate and sustainability excellence. All these 

efforts will improve the scope and granularity of our sustainability 

reporting, which will be in line with regulatory requirements.

ENGAGING WITH KEY STAKEHOLDERS AND THE ESG 

ROADMAP

As a commercial enterprise, creating shareholder value will remain 

to be an objective for Moya. Moya will endeavour to remain 

responsible and responsive towards its many other key stakeholders 

encompassing regulators, customers, employees, suppliers and 

communities, all of whom are akin to our partners. We also 

recognise that our sustainability impact can extend beyond our 

immediate group to suppliers and contractors. 

We have a capable and experienced team dedicated to engage 

with each stakeholder group, to ensure that we achieve the best 

mutual benefits and outcomes. 

1 Source: United Nations. (2018, November 6). Water and Sanitation – United 

Nations Sustainable Development. Retrieved from https://www.un.org/

sustainabledevelopment/water-and-sanitation/

2 Source: The United Nations Partnership for Development Framework 2016 - 2020 

(2015). Retrieved from http://www.un.or.id/what-we-do/partnership-for-

development-unpdf 


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

03

In FY2017, with reference to the Global Reporting Initiatives (2016) 

Standards ("GRI Standards"), the management has identified 12 

material Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") factors in 

the stakeholder engagement process:

• Environmental – Water, Effluents and Waste, Energy and 

Emissions

• Social – Occupational Health and Safety, Training and Education, 

Local Communities, Diversity and Equal Opportunities and 

Employment

• Governance – Anti-Corruption, Environmental Compliance and 

Socioeconomic Compliance.

We have assessed these material ESG factors on qualitative and 

quantitative metrics and we are pleased to highlight some of the key 

findings. In Environmental Protection, we have managed well under 

the regulatory limits for effluents and emissions. In Human Resource 

Management, we have encouraged an environment of innovation, 

career development and family values, and continue to invest 

significantly in training. In Occupational Health and Safety, through 

stringent measures, we did not record any fatal accidents. For our 

Communities, we are heartened that we were able to contribute 

funds, water facilities and volunteer time to several community 

projects.

In recognising that we can best manage when we can measure, 

we have also initiated management reviews on data gathering and 

analysis across all material ESG factors. We have also adapted our 

sustainability reporting with reference to the GRI Standards as it is 

the pre-eminent international standard-setting body on sustainability 

reporting. With these efforts, we look forward to setting better, 

clearer short and long-term ESG targets.

In the upcoming years, we will continue to actively review our ESG 

roadmap to ensure correspondence to Moya's overall growth. We 

will broaden and deepen our stakeholder engagement processes to 

better prioritise and define our sustainability goals.

EMBRACING TECHNOLOGY AND RAISING 

PRODUCTIVITY ON SUSTAINABILITY

Moya will continue to explore technological advancements to make 

sure production is efficient and sustainable.

This is evidenced by our investment in improved sludge management, 

whereby Moya became one of the pioneers to deploy sludge 

treatment technology in Indonesia's water treatment industry. 

We have also invested substantially in decanter and bio-filtration 

technologies, both of which are industry-leading efforts.




2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

04

ENHANCING OUR ENTERPRISE VALUATION PREMIUM 

We are aware that on the investor side, the United Nations-led 

Principles for Responsible Investment ("PRI") – the world’s leading 

proponent of responsible investment – has been witnessing strong 

support from institutional investors and key institutional stakeholders 

around the world. Over the last ten years till end April 2018, the 

total number of PRI signatories has risen from 361 to 1,961, 

including 373 asset owners which manage US$81.7 Trillion of 

investment capital. These asset owners account for some 65% of 

global assets under management. This is a testimony to the rise of 

ESG-focused investing3. 

As we augment our sustainability-based strategy and achieve long-

term business growth, we are positive that Moya will gain more 

interest among institutional investors, and in turn, raise our enterprise 

valuation premium.

APPRECIATION AND COMMITMENT

We would like to thank our sustainability management team and 

advisers for leading us to our inaugural report. Undoubtedly, we owe 

a debt of gratitude to all of our stakeholders for their contribution to our 

sustainability journey throughout the years. 

We would also like to commend Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited ("SGX-ST") for implementing the listing rules on 

Sustainability Reporting because it has been an important catalyst in 

defining the sustainability mission at Moya.

We are committed to work steadfastly with all stakeholders to 

overcome the challenges in the water industry in Indonesia and in all 

related SDGs. 

We will do our part to make this a better planet for us and for our 

future generations. 

LOW CHAI CHONG

Chairman

MOHAMMAD SYAHRIAL

Chief Executive Officer 

3 Source: United Nations Principles of Responsible Investment. (2018). PRI | Home. 

Retrieved from https://www.unpri.org/about-the-pri




2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

05

Sustainability

Management

Chart 1. Sustainability 

Organisational Chart

Annual 

 General 

Meeting

Board of

Directors

Audit

Committee

Environmental

Protection

Nominating

Committee

Safety

and

Health

Remuneration

Committee

Human 

Resources

Sustainability

Task Force

Supply Chain 

and 

Procurement 

GRI 

Sustainability

Reporting 

Advisers


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

06

STRUCTURING FOR SUSTAINABILITY 

In a large and fast-growing organisation such as Moya, functional 

clarity cannot be overstated. 

As we strengthen our sustainability function, we have assembled 

a Sustainability Task Force in FY2017 comprising skilled 

management and team members from Environmental Protection, 

Safety and Health, Human Resources, and Supply Chain and 

Procurement. The head of each team in the Sustainability Task 

Force has attended the GRI Standards Certified Training in 2018.

The Sustainability Task Force is headed by Harjanto Kurniady, 

Chief Financial Officer of Moya Indonesia Holdings Pte Ltd 

(a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company).

The Sustainability Task Force is supported by external qualified GRI 

Sustainability Reporting Advisers.

SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPROACH

In addition to the Economic factors impacting shareholders, Moya 

has identified material ESG topics.

The sustainability management approach of Moya to all material 

ESG topics comprises the following:

STATEMENT OF PURPOSE

We intend to minimise our negative impacts and enhance our 

positive impacts in the shortest possible timeframe, with efficient 

and sound deployment of our resources.

HOW WE MANAGE 

• 

We will actively engage with key stakeholders to identify and 

prioritise the material topics, including grievance mechanisms 

where appropriate.

• 

We will have written policies, a clear organisational structure, 

and reporting procedures.

• 

We will collect reliable data, gather competent qualitative 

information, over consistent measurement periods to aid 

management in the analysis of impacts.

• 

We will set proper qualitative or quantitative targets over 

appropriate timeframes, based on data analysis and 

management discussion.

• 

We will promptly deploy proper resources to manage negative 

impacts based on the urgency and scale of impact.

• 

We will maintain and steadily increase our investments in areas 

where we have achieved positive impacts, in line with our 

business growth strategy.

• 

We will invest in training for our employees and ensure our 

contractors are also well-trained in the material ESG topics.

• 

We will regularly review our management approach in all its 

components, and effect changes where necessary.

THE GRI STANDARDS

Using an established reporting framework enables the management 

to access international best-practices on reporting as well as in 

managing by targeting material areas.

The GRI Standards represent a framework for sustainability 

reporting that is internationally recognised. 

The sustainability reporting framework of Moya is based on 

selected GRI Standards, or parts of their disclosure requirements 

for each material ESG topic. Consequently, it is prepared with 

reference to the GRI Standards. 

The material ESG topics are assessed and presented with data, 

where available, with reference to a specific GRI Standard and 

disclosures, and mentioned throughout this Report.

Sustainability

Management


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

07

Stakeholder

Engagement

Through ongoing engagement with our stakeholders, we are able to maintain and leverage on our symbiotic relationships between Moya 

and the societies we serve, boosting our sustainable long-term enterprise value. Interactions with our stakeholders occurred throughout 

FY2017.

Seven key stakeholder groups have been identified as having significant impact on our sustainability performance. In FY2017, 

our management provided extensive input on their stakeholder engagements, which facilitated the mapping of material ESG topics. 

Our approach towards engagement and the emergent material topics are summarised in Table 1. Stakeholder Engagement below.

INVESTORS

CUSTOMERS

EMPLOYEES

Table 1. Stakeholder Engagement

KEY STAKEHOLDERS

ENGAGEMENT METHODS

TOPICS OF INTEREST

• 

Timely financial results and updates through 

announcements, business developments, press 

releases and other relevant disclosures via 

SGXNet and Company’s website

• 

Investor and Analyst briefings

• 

Annual General Meeting and Extraordinary 

General Meeting

• 

Transparency in reporting

• 

Sound and well-thought-out governance 

practices

• 

Sustained profitability and enhanced 

value-added shareholder returns

• 

Customer satisfaction surveys

• 

Regular Meetings with Drinking Water 

Customer Committee (Komite Pelangaan Air 

Minum)

• 

Direct outreach with customers

• 

Affordable and high-quality water supply

• 

Reasonable pricing for services received

• 

Release of new products and services

• 

Improved engagement of company to queries 

and complaints

• 

Internal communication meetings

• 

Training and development programmes

• 

Performance appraisals and career 

development initiatives

• 

Employment questionnaires

• 

Employee gathering

• 

Fair and equitable treatment

• 

Learning via training and development 

programmes to enhance skill sets

• 

Health and safety practices

• 

Market-competitive wages, renumeration and 

corporate benefits

• 

A progressive and innovative working culture

• 

Maintenance of direct communication channels

• 

Community outreach efforts

• 

Positive engagement of company to local 

conditions

• 

Improved living conditions directly due to 

company actions and outreach

• 

Meetings and dialogue sessions with 

government bodies

• 

Meetings and round table discussions with 

industrial bodies and interest groups

• 

Compliance with all relevant laws and 

regulations

• 

Operational reviews

• 

Fair and respectful treatment

• 

Responsible procurement practices

• 

Fulfilment and adherence to contractual 

obligations such as payments

• 

The Company’s website at 

 

http://www.moyaasia.com 

• 

The SGX-ST’s website (SGXNET) at  

www.sgx.com

• 

Access to updates and announcements regarding 

the Group

COMMUNITIES

GOVERNMENT AND 

REGULATORS

SUPPLIERS

GENERAL PUBLIC


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

08

Materiality

Assessment

SUSTAINABILITY 

FOCUS AREAS

MATERIAL FACTORS 

(GRI STANDARDS)

RANKING OF 

IMPORTANCE

OWNERSHIP BY IMMEDIATE DEPARTMENT

Economic

Anti-Corruption (GRI 205)

3

Internal Control Division

Environmental

Energy (GRI 302)

4

Operational Division

Water (GRI 303)

1

Operational Division

Emissions (GRI 305)

5

Operational Division

Effluents and Waste (GRI 306)

6

Operational Division

Environmental Compliance (GRI 307)

2

Governance Relation, Licence and Health 

Safety and Environmental (“HSE”) Division

Social

Employment (GRI 401)

12

Human Resource and General Affair Division

Occupational Health and Safety  

(GRI 403)

7

Governance Relation, Licence and HSE 

Division

Training and Education (GRI 404)

8

Human Resource and General Affair Division

Diversity and Equal Opportunity  

(GRI 405)

11

Human Resource and General Affair Division

Local Communities (GRI 413)

9

Governance Relation, Licence and HSE 

Division

Socioeconomic Compliance (GRI 419)

10

Human Resource and General Affair Division

Following the stakeholder engagements throughout FY2017, we assessed the materiality of each topic of interest based on one or both of the 

following two dimensions:

(i) Influence on all stakeholder assessments and decisions

(ii) Significance of the impact of the topics 

The objective in materiality assessment is to refine and establish the priorities of the ESG topics. With each ESG topic prioritisation completed, 

management developed a roadmap to judiciously allocate resources to address or enhance correspondingly.

Our material ESG topics can be categorised into three broad areas. Using the relevant GRI Standards, we have identified 12 ESG topics, 

and the accompanying required disclosures, as summarised in Table 2 below. 

Table 2. Key ESG material topics


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

09

In Graph 1 below, we mapped our material ESG topics in the Materiality Matrix to showcase our resource prioritisation.

IMPORTANCE TO STAKEHOLDERS

Low

Medium

High

Low

Medium

High

SIGNIFICANCE OF IMPACT

Environmental 

Compliance

Water

Occupational Health and

Safety

Socioeconomic

Compliance

Diversity and Equal

Opportunities

Employment

Training and Education

Local Communities

GRI 300 - Environmental

GRI 400 - Social

GRI 200 - Economic

Anti-Corruption

Energy

Emissions

Efﬂuents and Waste

Graph 1. Materiality Matrix

ESG DATA PLAN 

Good data is critical for effective management. In identifying the material ESG topics set, we took the opportunity to scrutinise the data 

environment in terms of its availability, accuracy, consistency and timeliness. 

Due to our experienced management team and our awareness of the sustainability issues surrounding business, we had reliable data 

processes for most of the material ESG topics. For areas where we do not have robust and detailed data processes, the management will 

review the operational areas rigorously to facilitate and improve data gathering and delivery in FY2018 and beyond.


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

10



Environmental

Protection


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

11

WATER (GRI 303)

YEAR

VOLUME OF WATER 

WITHDRAWN (m3)

GRI 303-1

2016

364,034,381

2017

389,431,057

Table 3. Volume of Water Withdrawn

Water withdrawn mainly consists of surface water from nearby dams or rivers. The water source is a common resource shared between 

surrounding biodiversity and local communities, hence it is critical to protect these water sources. Moya has stringent processes to ensure 

government-imposed limits on water withdrawal are met.

Volume of water withdrawn is documented in Table 3 and includes data from Acuatico Pte. Ltd. and its subsidiaries ("Acuatico Group") for 

2016 prior to its acquisition by the Company. The data of the Acuatico Group is included to accurately reflect the volume withdrawn from all 

the water treatment plants of the Group.

WATER TREATMENT PLANT

LITERS PER 

SECOND

CASES OF NON-COMPLIANCE

FY2018 TARGETS

Acuatico Air Indonesia

85

Zero cases of non-compliance

Maintain zero cases

Aetra Air Tanggerang

900

Zero cases of non-compliance

Maintain zero cases

Aetra Air Jakarta

10,200

Zero cases of non-compliance

Maintain zero cases

Moya Tangerang

1,500

Zero cases of non-compliance

Maintain zero cases

Moya Bekasi Jaya

1,300

Zero cases of non-compliance

Maintain zero cases

Table 4. Water Withdrawal Limit set by Government

We are aware of the possible effects of our business on the natural ecology and geographical location in the areas where we provide our 

services, such as changes to the quality of life of people living in affected areas. There may also be economic impacts on communities which 

rely on the same water sources for their livelihoods.

Many of our social programs are directed at such communities. In our comprehensive recruitment approach, Moya also prioritises prospective 

employment opportunities for candidates from nearby communities for administrative, maintenance and operational roles.

Environmental

Protection


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

12

Environmental

Protection



To expand our distribution to areas further away from our water 

treatment plants, we have invested in pipe installations. The regions 

that benefited from these pipe installations will have a much reduced 

need for pumping groundwater – an unreliable water source. In 

the long run, this will also prevent sinkholes from forming on the 

ground beneath them, thus creating a safer living environment for 

the communities.









Figure 1. Pipe Installation in Tangerang


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

13

Moya is principally engaged in the business of investing, developing and operating water treatment facilities and associated distribution pipe 

lines for the distribution of clean water in Indonesia. Moya has two business models:

(i) 

Bulk water supply which covers from raw water intake to treated water distribution to Municipal. 

(ii) Full service water provider which covers from raw water intake to billing and customer service.

Management will step up its review of the sustainability value opportunities in each part of this value chain (Figure 2). This effort 

complements the quality awards that Moya has achieved for its water treatment plants (Figure 24).

CASE STUDY 1: DECANTER MACHINES – EMBRACING NEW TECHNOLOGIES

To improve the quality and rate of production, new technologies have been steadily added over the years. Technologies such as 

decanter machines and biological treatment have been introduced since 2014 and have been constantly upgraded. In line with 

our mission, these processes are enhanced clean water solutions and are beneficial for the environment. Such technologies are 

extensively deployed across our water treatment plants.

Decanter machines use a centrifuge that rotates at high speed to separate the components of different densities. This form of 

separation ensures rapid and controllable results. These machines reduce the amount of land space and human labour required to 

process the water. Additionally, sludge waste created this way can be used as raw material for bricks without the need of a large 

land area to dry the waste. Water separated from the sludge can then be recycled as raw water for further treatment.

Moya is one of the pioneers to adopt this technology in the water treatment industry of Indonesia.





Figure 3. Decanter Machine

Figure 4. Decanter Operator

Management Sustainability Review in Progress

Figure 2. Business Model

INTAKE

CUSTOMER

WATER 

TREATMENT

PLANT

BOOSTER

PUMP

RAW 

WATER 

PIPE

TRANS

MISSION

PIPE

DISTRI-

BUTION

PIPE





























































































































































RAW WATER 

PRODUCTION

DISTRIBUTION

FULL SERVICE WATER PROVIDER

BULK WATER SUPPLY

BILLING AND CUSTOMER SERVICE








2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

14

GRI STANDARD AND 

DISCLOSURES

FY2017 PERFORMANCE

FY2018 TARGETS

GRI 306-2, 306-3

Number of Incidents of 

Non-Compliance.

No incidents of non-compliance leading 

to a fine with water discharge laws and 

regulation.

Maintain zero incidents of 

non-compliance.

Total Weight of Sludge Waste 

(Tons).

17,596

Reduce sludge disposed at landfills.

Apply alternative methods of sludge disposal that comply 

with laws and regulations.

Table 5. Effluents and Waste Disposal

Environmental

Protection

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE (GRI 306)

We are aware of the waste generated during the process of water purification. Effluents refer to the facility-treated water that is discharged 

into the environment. As this may contain chemicals which may affect the environment, great measures must be taken to improve the range 

and efficiency of such water purification methods, in order to reduce the impact from disposal of effluents, as well as to adhere to the water 

discharge rules and regulations.

We maintain a high level of compliance to given regulations with an established multi-disciplinary team to help conduct reviews of business 

practices, equipment and performance. These reviews are underpinned by ongoing employee training on the importance of responsible 

waste management.

CASE STUDY 2: SLUDGE MANAGEMENT – CONTINUAL PROCESS IMPROVEMENTS

Sludge waste is the byproduct of water purification. To obtain the sludge waste, a large land area would normally be required to dry 

the sludge using natural sunlight. With the introduction of the decanter machine, sludge can be filtered out rapidly without reliance on 

the weather or the requirement of large land space. This results in enhanced land-use efficiency.

Sludge waste produced by our water treatment plants has been consistently assessed to be non-hazardous by SUCOFINDO4. 

Furthermore, the sludge waste does not react with water and has a neutral PH of 7.1. Nonetheless, Moya follows stringent waste 

disposal processes to avoid contaminating surrounding biodiversity and local communities.

The task of waste disposal is currently undertaken by our external-contractors for landfills. We will conduct a review on our contractors 

from FY2018 onwards, to ensure they meet similar sustainability objectives as our Group.



Figure 5. Sludge Transportation



Figure 6. Sludge Removal

4 SUCOFINDO is a joint venture company between the government of Republic of Indonesia and SGS S.A (formerly Société Générale de Surveillance), the largest inspection 

company in the world based in Geneva, Switzerland. They have developed services in inspection and auditing, testing and analysis, certification, counselling and training. They 

are also the largest inspection company in Indonesia.


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

15































FLOWMETER

1000mm

SLUDGE 

CAKE

CUSTOMERS

Figure 7. Water Treatment Process Flow









PULOGADUNG WATER TREATMENT PLANT - PROCESS DIAGRAM

RAW WATER

WEST TARUM CANAL 

FINED SCREEN

GREAT CHAMBER

ACTIVE CARBON

POST CHLORINE

INTERMEDIATE 

CHLORINE

PRE CHLORINE

DISTRIBUTION PUMP 

200mm

1500mm

FLOWMETER

RAW WATER PUMP

GRAND RESERVOIR

DISPOSAL AREA

RECEIVING WELL

RAPID SAND FILTER

DECANTER SYSTEM

MIXING WELL

FLOCCULATOR BASIN

SLUDGE BASIN

SEDIMENTATION 

BASIN

RECYCLING BASIN

SUPERNATAN

ALUM SULFUR

COAGULANT MILK

LIME MILK

SLUDGE

RECYCLE WATER

Management Sustainability Review In Progress


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

16

Moya has implemented various programs to reduce energy consumption within the organisation. In recent years we have begun switching to 

environmentally-friendly technologies. This includes replacing old water pumps to pumps that are more energy efficient, installing inverters for 

water withdrawal and distribution, and replacing fluorescent lamps with LEDs. In addition to these changes, we constantly advocate energy 

conservation to our employees, and implement policies such as turning off electrical appliances when not in use.

In all these efforts, we are actively contributing to help Indonesia reach the government-directed environmental targets. In 2009, Indonesia 

voluntarily pledged to reduce emissions by 26% on its own efforts and up to 41% with international support by 2020. Beyond 2020, 

Indonesia will commit to increase emission reduction efforts to meet the unconditional reduction target of 29% by 20305.

Environmental

Protection

5 Source: United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. (2015, September 24). Intended Nationally Determined Contribution (Indonesia). Retrieved from https://

www4.unfccc.int/sites/submissions/INDC/Published Documents/Indonesia/1/INDC_REPUBLIC OF INDONESIA.pdf

GRI STANDARD AND 

DISCLOSURES

FY2017 PERFORMANCE

FY2018 TARGETS

GRI 302-1

Energy Consumption (GJ)

352,776

Consolidated target-setting is in development. 

See Sustainability Management – How we manage (Pg 6)

GRI 302-3

Energy Intensity 

(MJ/revenue (SGD))

2.49

Reduce Energy Intensity by 5%

GRI 305-1

GHG Emissions (tCO2e)

87,339

Consolidated target-setting is in development. 

See Sustainability Management – How we manage (Pg 6)

Table 6. Energy and Emissions

ENERGY AND EMISSIONS (GRI 302, 305)

Moya is focused on controlling and reducing its relative energy consumption and emissions. Conserving Indonesia’s precious natural 

resources is a strong point of emphasis in our approach to planning and shaping our operations at all stages of the water treatment value 

chain. Since our energy utilisation also has a direct impact on our operating expenses and such expenses are prone to yearly fluctuation due 

to shifting commodity prices, it is imperative that we achieve improved energy efficiency.

With a rapidly expanding business, energy consumption and emissions will increase along with the acquisition of new facilities. We will be 

focusing on procedural as well as technological improvements in energy and emissions.


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

17



Social

Responsibility


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

18

Social 

Responsibility

GRI STANDARD AND DISCLOSURES

PERMANENT 

EMPLOYEES

TEMPORARY 

EMPLOYEES

GRI 405 -1

Diversity of Employees

Male: 1,130

Female: 213

Male: 72

Female: 3

Table 7. Number of Current Employees

DIVISION

PERCENTAGE OF TOTAL 

WORKFORCE (MALE)

PERCENTAGE OF TOTAL 

WORKFORCE (FEMALE)

Board of Directors of the Company and 

Subsidiaries

2%

1%

Operational

75%

50%

Office

18%

43%

Project

5%

6%

Table 8. Percentage of Genders in Divisional Roles

We believe that gender should not determine the position of an employee within the Group.

The overall gender profile of our workforce reflects the labour-intensive nature of the operations front. In every 

other division, there will always be equal employment opportunities for both genders based on capability and 

merit.

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY (GRI 405)

We believe in improving the quality of life for our employees through progressive human resource practices, 

as these practices lead to improved economic development and contribute to social stability. It also helps 

promote a culture of diversity which reflects the varied needs of our growing customer base, connecting us to 

a wider market. Our recruitment processes ensure that individuals with the required experience, qualifications, 

competencies and company-aligned values join the company as positive contributors.

NUMBER OF 

EMPLOYEES BY 

GENDER

1,202

216


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

19

HUMAN RESOURCE (GRI 401, 404)

Training

Training and education of our employees help empower them to 

perform better at work and imbues our employees with a sense of 

pride. This investment by Moya is not only important to retain good 

employees and provide them with career advancement, but also 

to attract new talent to the Group. Our employees are encouraged 

to upgrade their skills and knowledge continuously, and training 

programs are in place to help them stay up to date with key 

industry matters and appropriate skill sets. We also demonstrate 

our commitment to our human capital by looking at potential 

partnerships with government bodies and educational institutions to 

groom young talent.

We have implemented four methods of training and education 

with different purpose and focus areas as shown in Table 9. The 

training helps to improve the interpersonal and technical skills of our 

employees.

Steps have been taken to determine the skill level of employees. 

Employees can expect to receive regular superior feedback on their 

skills and knowledge. Based on the assessment, training will be 

provided to fill the gap of knowledge. Assessments will evaluate 

hard skills such as identification and mitigation of potential hazard, 

as well as soft skills such as leadership and cooperativeness.

Moya values the feedback of their employees. Internal feedback is 

conducted after every training. Training materials and relevancy will 

be modified based on the feedback.

TEAM BUILDING

Aside from a range of employee engagement events such as group 

excursions, employees are also encouraged to adopt healthy 

exercise habits and balanced lifestyles with social sport events. 

Employee engagement events are also aimed at raising team spirit.



Figure 11. Employee Sharing Session

Figure 8. Employee Gathering “Together We Are Strong”

Figure 9. Moya and Acuatico Employee Gathering

Figure 10. Employee Training








2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

20

Social 

Responsibility

Figure 12. Soccer Competition





Figure 13. Healthy Lifestyle Team Building

NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES BY AGE

2 

41 

65 

120 

171 

245

321 

377 

76 

0 

50 

100 

150 

200 

250 

300 

350 

400 

&lt; 21 

21 - 25 

26 - 30 

31 - 35 

36 - 40 

41 - 45 

46 - 50 

51 - 55 

&gt; 56 

AGE 

 

Graph 2. Breakdown of Employees by Age


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

21

ANALYSING OUR WORKFORCE

Growing our workforce is important to help drive business growth. We look at important factors of employment such as turnover rates 

according to gender or age to determine the success of our employee retention policies, as well as the demographic factors of our new 

employee hires to help shape our own ability to attract talent. This also helps to customise our learning program for different industrial needs 

as well as different career stages within Moya.

With continual improvement in our human resource management, we have recorded steady improvement in employee turnover, which has 

often been an industry challenge.

GRI STANDARD AND 

DISCLOSURES

FY2016 

PERFORMANCE

FY2017 

PERFORMANCE

FY2018 

TARGETS

GRI 401-1

Rate of Employee Turnover

8.1%

6.3%

Maintain employee turnover rate below 

10% based on Moya Quality Objective’s 

Policy

GRI 404 -1

Average Hours of Training 

Per Year Per Employee

21 hours

27 hours

30 hours

Table 10. Training and Turnover Rate

Performance data documented in Table 10 above takes into consideration the data from the Acuatico Group prior to its acquisition by the 

Company. The inclusion of this data is to enable accurate comparison of the improvements to the Group overall.

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY (GRI 403)

Safety is a core concern for Moya. The industrial nature of water treatment raises exposure to several health and safety risks. We practice 

a “Safety First” culture with the use of several “Work Safety” initiatives designed to improve employee awareness of possible dangers and 

train them to minimise such risks, with the aim of creating a zero-accident workplace environment for our employees. In working with our 

subcontractors, we ensure that they also understand our safety culture and requirements.

Our safety training encompasses safety inductions and fire drills. Safety inductions for new employees provide an explanation of safety 

regulations and policies, while regular sharing sessions are in place for employees to learn from the experiences of others as well. Fire drill 

simulations help train our employees for safe and prompt evacuation in an emergency event.

TYPE OF TRAINING

FOCUS

TRAINER

HOURS PER 

SESSION

NUMBER OF 

SESSIONS

GRI 404-2

Internal Training

Hard Skills

Internal

8

Depends on the training 

material

In-House Training

Soft and Hard Skills

External

8

External Training

Soft and Hard Skills

External

8

Sharing Session

Experience-based Learning

Internal

4

Table 9. Training Types


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

22

Social 

Responsibility





Figure 14. Safety Gathering

Figure 15. Safety Induction

Figure 17. Safety Induction

Figure 16. Fire Drill Simulation





GRI STANDARD AND 

DISCLOSURES

FY2017 PERFORMANCE

FY2018 TARGETS

GRI 403-2

Number of Injuries

2

Zero accidents resulting in employee  

permanent disability or fatality

Zero occupational illnesses

Number of Fatalities

0

Lost time Injury Rate

24.8

Injury Severity Rate

24.8

Table 11. Number of Safety Incidents

To achieve our targets, we have implemented occupational disease prevention programs and yearly medical check-ups for all employees 

within the organisation, in accordance with the regulations set by the Ministry of Manpower in Indonesia. The medical check-ups include 

physical examinations, X-rays, laboratory testing and other medical support. 

Employees are entitled to benefits based on their seniority within the organisation. Benefits include inpatient hospitalisation coverage 

and outpatient care. As an incentive for employees to lead healthy and active lifestyles, Moya rewards employees who have had a full-

attendance in a year.


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

23

LOCAL COMMUNITIES (GRI 413)

Economic growth is not a zero-sum game. Through partnerships with our shareholders, we give back to the communities we impact and 

encourage multi-faceted progress. We are committed to improving engagement in local areas to promote positive change and long-lasting 

impacts, where possible.

GRI STANDARD AND 

DISCLOSURES

FY2017 PERFORMANCE

FY2018 TARGET

GRI 413-1

Number of implemented local 

community engagement

17

Continue supporting local community engagements 

by cooperating with different organisations and 

encouraging staff volunteerism.

Table 12. Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Activities Conducted

















PROVIDING ACCESS TO 

CLEAN WATER

EDUCATION

DONATIONS

NATURE

CONSERVATION


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

24

Social 

Responsibility

CASE STUDY 3: TREE PLANTING – GREENING AND STRENGTHENING OUR ENVIRONMENT

In FY2017, Moya planted 100 trees in Pondok Village and Jatikramat river banks. These trees reduce surface run-off in the 

surrounding areas and the roots of these trees anchor the soil thus strengthening the ground and preventing soil erosion. These, in turn, 

reduce the occurrence of floods and destruction of natural habitats of local communities.

Since 2012, we have rolled out the concept of Environmental Services Payments to local communities. In the upper Citarum 

sub-watershed sub-Cikapundung region which serves the Jatiluhur reservoir, we identified 22 hectares of previously defined 

 “unfriendly environmental areas” to switch to more robust rooted cropping patterns such as coffee, suren, eucalyptus and sobsi.

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY ("CSR")

Our CSR program incorporates four pillars that emphasise our focus 

in improving the environments and communities we engage with:

PROVIDING ACCESS TO CLEAN WATER

Water is the lifeblood of our society. At Moya, we believe that every 

person is entitled to have access to clean water. We have started to 

provide water kiosks for communities with no access to clean water. 

Water provided by this service are built at a discounted rate and 

managed by Kelompok Swadaya Pengguna Air (Water User Self-

Help Group).







NATURE CONSERVATION

Rivers and reservoirs are a common resource between us and the 

local communities, therefore it is essential for Moya to ensure that 

such natural resources are kept in good conditions. To improve the 

condition of the water source, the Group has committed to tree 

planting and conservation programs aimed at improving awareness 

on maintaining the flora and fauna in the community.

Figure 19. CSR Group Picture

Figure 18. Tree Planting

Figure 20. Tree


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

25

6 Source: Indonesia Investment, I. (2017, December 29). Looking Back at 2017: Natural Disasters in 

Indonesia. Retrieved November 17, 2018, from https://www.indonesia-investments.com/news/news-

columns/looking-back-at-2017-again-many-natural-disasters-in-indonesia/item8448

Figure 21. Setting up Rubbish Cans for Locals

Figure 22. School Education and Outreach





EDUCATION

We take pride in educating our younger generation 

on water sanitation and environmental conservation. 

In FY2017, we conducted several education 

programs for students from elementary to tertiary 

levels. The aim of these education programs was to 

lay the foundation for understanding the importance 

of water as a source of life. In addition, we hosted 

visiting tours to our water treatment plants. This 

helped to translate seminars into living experiences 

along with helping residents of the local community 

understand our business and our societal priorities.

DONATIONS

In recent years, Indonesia has experienced increased 

rates of natural disasters. In 2013, Indonesia 

experienced 1,674 disasters, and in 2017 there 

were 2,341 such incidents6. As the size of our 

business grows, so does our civic duty to provide aid 

in such disasters. Donations were provided to victims 

of natural disasters in the Padang earthquake.

Community outreach programs are not only restricted 

to natural disasters, as Moya also regularly provides 

donations and assistance to orphanages. Aside 

from donations, we provided eye treatment and 

examination for the elderly in Pondok Village. 

Furthermore, we sponsored and implemented rubbish 

disposal cans for the locals to keep the streets 

clean and to mitigate the spread of diseases. Our 

outreach programs have benefited 120 orphans and 

100 elderlies. We strive to contribute more to our 

community in the future.


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

26



Regulatory 

Compliance


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

27

Regulatory 

Compliance

ANTI-CORRUPTION (GRI 205)

Corruption is antithetical to our business. Stamping out corruption is 

critical to cultivating trust with our stakeholders. 

We practice a zero-tolerance policy toward corrupt and unethical 

practices. We seek to minimise such risks by a combination of  

clear “tone-at-the-top” messages, followed by stringent internal 

practices, whistleblowing platforms and continual education.

As the complexity of business increases in a globalising landscape 

of culture, regulations and processes, Moya is fully committed to an 

operating culture that is ethical, transparent and compliant towards a 

strong reputation as a successful business built with integrity.

REGULATORY COMPLIANCE (GRI 307, 419)

We are committed to adhering to all applicable regulations and 

laws in the communities we operate in, maintaining the public 

trust we share with our stakeholders. Any regulatory breaches 

could materially impact our businesses and cost us excessively in 

environmental, financial or reputational damage. Moya works 

closely with law enforcement and government agencies at all 

levels to ensure full understanding and compliance with all relevant 

regulations.

We practice a corporate governance framework in accordance with 

the Code of Corporate Governance of Singapore, within which 

we implement extensive risk management processes. Please refer to 

the Moya FY2017 Annual Report ("2017 Annual Report") for more 

details on the Corporate Governance Report. As a public-listed 

entity on SGX-ST, we adhere to all listing rules, as well as all other 

relevant laws in the country including but not limited to the Securities 

and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore and the Companies 

Act (Chapter 50) of Singapore.

GRI STANDARDS AND DISCLOSURES

FY2017 PERFORMANCE

FY2018 TARGETS

GRI 205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and  

the actions taken

Zero incidences of such non-compliance 

during the year

Maintain zero incidences of 

such non-compliance

GRI 307-1

Significant fines and non-monetary sanctions for 

non-compliance with environmental  

laws/regulations

Zero incidences of such non-compliance 

during the year

Maintain zero incidences of 

such non-compliance

GRI 419-1

Significant fines and non-monetary sanctions for 

non-compliance with laws/regulations  

in the social and economic areas

Zero incidences of such non-compliance 

during the year

Maintain zero incidences of 

such non-compliance

Table 13. Regulatory Compliance Performance


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

28

2017 Key Awards  

and Recognition











Figure 23. Certificate of Accreditation

Figure 24. Innovation Award for Decanter Technology

Figure 27. Certificate of Approval OHSAS 18001: 2017

Figure 26. Certificate of Approval ISO 9001: 2015

Figure 25. ISO 9001: 2015 Certification


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

29

Notes to the 

Sustainability Report

REPORTING FRAMEWORK

This Report is prepared with reference to the GRI Standards and shall 

be read in conjunction with the 2017 Annual Report. Accordingly, 

the Global Reporting Initiative shall be notified of this Report.

Additional corporate information is available on our website 

http://www.moyaasia.com.

DATA DISCLOSURES

Data and disclosures cover Moya’s primary subsidiaries, namely 

Moya Bekasi Jaya, Moya Tangerang, Aetra Air Jakarta, Aetra 

Air Tangerang and Acuatico Air Indonesia. Other aspects of the 

Acuatico Group will be included in subsequent reporting years when 

management operations are fully integrated.

All data is reported in good faith and to the best of our knowledge.

No external assurance has been obtained for this Report.



FEEDBACK

We welcome all feedback to help us improve our sustainability 

report, policies and practices.

Please send your comments or feedback to  

http://www.moyaasia.com.


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

30

GRI Index

GRI STANDARDS 2016

REFERENCE/DESCRIPTION

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE

102-1

Name of the organisation

Moya Holdings Asia Limited

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

Chairman and CEO Statement

102-4

Location of operations

Chairman and CEO Statement

102-6

Markets served

Chairman and CEO Statement

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Diversity and Equal Opportunities

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Diversity and Equal Opportunities

STRATEGY

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Chairman and CEO Statement

GOVERNANCE

102-18

Governance structure

Sustainability Management and the 2017 

Annual Report (Corporate Governance 

Report)

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder Engagement

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Stakeholder Engagement

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder Engagement

REPORTING PRACTICE

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

Materiality Assessment

102-47

List of material topics

Materiality Assessment

102-50

Reporting period

FY2017

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

Notes to the sustainability report

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

Notes to the sustainability report

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Index

MANAGEMENT APPROACH

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries

Environmental Protection, Social 

Responsibility and Regulatory Compliance

103-2

The management approach and its components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

31

GRI STANDARDS 2016

REFERENCE/DESCRIPTION

MATERIAL TOPIC

ANTI-CORRUPTION

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

Regulatory Compliance

ENERGY

302-1

Energy consumption within the organisation

Environmental Protection

302-3

Energy intensity

Environmental Protection

WATER

303-1

Water withdrawal by source

Environmental Protection

EMISSION

305-1

Direct (scope 1) GHG emissions

Environmental Protection

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

Environmental Protection

306-3

Significant spills

Environmental Protection

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations

Regulatory Compliance

EMPLOYMENT

401-1

New employee hires and employee turnover

Social Responsibility

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost 

days, and absenteeism, and number of work-related fatalities

Social Responsibility

TRAINING AND EDUCATION

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

Social Responsibility

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

Social Responsibility

LOCAL COMMUNITIES

413-1

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programs

Social Responsibility

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and 

economic area

Regulatory Compliance


2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

32

Copyright and 

Disclaimers

©2018 Moya Holdings Asia Limited

All rights reserved. Reproduction and dissemination of material 

contained in this sustainability report for educational or other non-

commercial purposes are authorised without any prior written 

permission from the copyright holders provided the source is 

fully acknowledged. Reproduction of material for resale or other 

commercial is prohibited without written permission of the copyright 

holders.

Hyperlinks for non-Moya websites do not imply any official 

endorsement of or responsibility for the opinions, ideas, data or 

products presented at these locations, or guarantee the validity 

of the information provided. The sole purpose of such links is to 

indicate further information available on related topics.



This sustainability report has been prepared by the Company and 

its contents have been reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, ZICO 

Capital Pte. Ltd. (the “Sponsor”), for compliance with the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual 

Section B: Rules of Catalist. The Sponsor has not independently 

verified the contents of this sustainability report.

This sustainability report has not been examined or approved 

by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the 

contents of this sustainability report, including the correctness of 

any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this 

sustainability report.

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms Alice Ng, 

Director of Continuing Sponsorship, ZICO Capital Pte. Ltd. at 

8 Robinson Road, #09-00 ASO Building, Singapore 048544, 

telephone (65) 6636 4201.




(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)

UEN 201301085G

65 Chulia Street, OCBC Centre #37-08 SINGAPORE 049513

TEL: (65) 6365 0652 l FAX: (65) 6365 1025

www.moyaasia.com





