







TABLE OF CONTENTS

BOARD STATEMENT

OVERVIEW

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

MATERIAL ESG FACTORS

SAFETY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM 

ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION

COMPLIANCE

HUMAN RESOURCES OVERVIEW

PUBLIC SERVICE

GRI CONTENT INDEX

03

04

04

05

06

07

08

09

10

11

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019



2




BOARD STATEMENT 

Nam Cheong Limited (“Nam Cheong”) and together with its subsidiaries (“the Group”) seek to deliver 

steady value growth in the offshore marine business through innovative supply chain solutions and 

sustainable long-term partnerships. 

Together with the Management, the Board has determined the material environmental, social and 

governance (“ESG”) risks as well as the opportunities that are important steps to Nam Cheong’s 

 long-term success. The Board has been providing ongoing oversight on a range of initiatives relating 

to enterprise-wide safety, protecting the environment, compliance, creating equal opportunities for all 

employees and giving back to the community. 

To ensure effective implementation, the Board is working closely with the Management to monitor the 

progress of all initiatives targeted at these factors. This enables the Board to respond to changing market 

developments while keeping in view our stakeholders’ inputs and expectations. 

As one of Malaysia’s largest Offshore Support Vessel (“OSV”) providers, Nam Cheong’s ongoing efforts 

to reduce our carbon footprint will contribute towards the industry’s significant climate action efforts 

given that over 90% of all global trade is carried by ships1.

This is Nam Cheong’s third sustainability report. We have taken onboard feedback on our inaugural 

reports. This edition adopts a more structured and detailed explanation of our sustainability policies and 

programmes. Sustainability is a long-term voyage and we hope that this report will communicate our 

efforts to a broader audience as well as spur us to build an enduring and high performing business. 

Tan Sri Datuk Tiong Su Kouk

Executive Chairman

1 https://business.un.org/en/entities/13

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019



3


OVERVIEW 

After reviewing the different sustainability standards in the market, 

Nam Cheong has chosen to adopt the Global Reporting Initiative 

(“GRI”) Reporting Standards (2016) as the GRI is globally recognized 

and the latest standards allow Nam Cheong to identify and report 

topics relevant to our industry and context. The GRI framework also 

allows us to benchmark against comparable organizations in the 

same industry. This report has been prepared in accordance with 

the GRI Standards: Core option.

This report complies with the Singapore Exchange (“SGX”)’s 

Listing Rule 711A, which requires every listed issuer to prepare an 

annual sustainability report no later than 5 months after the end 

of the financial year. This sustainability report is for Nam Cheong’s 

financial year from 1 January to 31 December 2019 and covers all 

five primary reporting components as stipulated in SGX’s Listing 

Rule 711B.

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Stakeholder engagement is essential to Nam Cheong’s long-term success. There are several sets of key stakeholders with whom we engage 

regularly through formal and informal platforms. These stakeholders are important because they have a material impact on Nam Cheong’s 

operations and sustainability. Their feedback and suggestions are invaluable in helping Nam Cheong fine-tune our business strategy and 

ensure we operate in a transparent and accountable manner. The stakeholder groups, modes of engagement and salient concerns are 

summarized in the table below.

Stakeholder Groups

Engagement Modes

Salient Concerns

1. Customers

• Marketing materials and promotional events

• Customers’ feedback

• Consistent meetings and regular networking

• Fair and transparent business practices

• Safe and reliable operations

2. Suppliers &amp; Business Partners

• Regular meetings and networking sessions

• Correspondences through email and letters

• Fair and transparent business practices

• Good governance

3. Investors

• Annual General Meetings

• Comprehensive Investor Relations 

section on the corporate website 

• (http://www.namcheong.com.my/)

• SGXNet announcements

• Briefings to analysts, investors and media

• Press releases

• Sound ESG policies and processes

• Safe, efficient and 

competitive operations

4. Government &amp; 

Regulatory Agencies

• Regular correspondences (e.g. on policy 

changes and compliance matters)

• Interactions via corporate service providers such 

as the company secretary and share registrar

• Strong compliance regime, 

particularly in adhering to government 

regulations and guidelines

• Vigilance in environmental protection as 

well as occupational health and safety

5. Employees

• Employee town halls

• Training and development programmes

• Performance appraisals

• Recreational and bonding activities

• Attractive pay and benefits package

• Training and upgrading opportunities

• Fair employment practices

• Focus on workplace safety

6. Community

• Corporate Social Responsibility ("CSR") programmes

• Media coverage

• Provision of social and 

economic opportunities

• Caring organization



Image Shown - SK PACIFIC

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019



4


MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

These factors are consistent with and have expanded upon the themes and issues highlighted in Nam 

Cheong’s Sustainability Report for 2018. The table on the right elaborates why we assess the factors to 

be material and their significance to our stakeholders.  

Materiality Factors

Why Is It Material?

Why Is It Significant to 

Stakeholders?

1. Safety first

We are fully committed to placing 

safety first, safeguarding life and limb, 

and addressing safety-related risks 

across all our workplaces. This ensures 

that operations can be carried in a 

smooth and responsible manner.

Safety is critical to building a 

trusting relationship with our 

employees, business partners 

and other stakeholders. We 

have a duty of care towards 

the people who work for us. 

2. Environmental 

protection

Responsible usage of resources (such as 

fuel and water) reduces the environmental 

impact on the ecology and makes us a 

prudent and cost-effective organization.

This contributes towards 

a cleaner, greener and 

healthier environment 

as well as improves our 

economic performance. 

3. Compliance

As a listed entity accountable to our 

shareholders and the wider community, 

we must uphold strong corporate 

governance standards and adhere to the 

rules of the land. In particular, there is zero 

tolerance towards any form of corruption, 

bribery or other unethical practices. 

Strong governance and 

corporate reputation have 

a long-term bearing on 

our stakeholders' trust 

and willingness to invest 

in and work with us. 

4. Caring for employees

Our people are critical assets to 

implementing organizational strategies 

and creating value for stakeholders. 

We aim to look after our employees’ 

livelihoods and learning needs, thus 

becoming a choice employer.

Sound employment policies 

and practices are essential 

to attracting, developing 

and retaining skilled and 

committed employees.

5. Giving back to 

the community

We strive to be a socially conscious 

business by giving back to the local 

community on an ongoing basis. 

The community's continued support 

is critical to the long-term viability 

and prosperity of Nam Cheong. 

Our stakeholders will 

perceive Nam Cheong as 

a good corporate citizen 

and trusted brand. 

MATERIAL ESG FACTORS

Identifying Material ESG Factors

In line with the GRI reporting principles, NCL’s material factors are those with significant economic, 

environmental, social and governance impacts, and which would substantively influence the assessment 

and decision making of the key stakeholders.  

We have adopted a multi-step approach in identifying the material ESG factors: 

• 

We listened to our stakeholders and took into account their salient concerns. 

• 

We looked at sustainability developments and trends, such as the urgency to address climate change 

as a global challenge. 

• 

We considered what our international peers are focusing on in terms of their ESG policy and 

programmes. 

• 

Nam Cheong’s Management shortlisted the ESG factors and scrutinized the impact, risk profile and 

efforts to deal with the challenges. 

• 

The final list of material ESG factors was subsequently reviewed and approved by the Board.  

After considering the concerns of the various stakeholder groups and assessing the external and internal 

impacts, the following material ESG factors have been identified: 

1. Safety first – Workplace safety, safe operations and chartering. 

2. Environmental protection – Improving fuel efficiency, reducing carbon emissions and implementing 

proper waste management

3. Compliance – Conformity with environmental, safety, labour and anti-corruption regulations and 

procedures.

4. Caring for employees – Training, competency building and fair employment practices.  

5. Giving back to the community – Providing economic opportunities and public service.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019



5


SAFETY FIRST

At Nam Cheong, safety is of paramount importance across our shipyards, offices, operations and 

chartering business. This forms the backbone of smoothly-run and incident-free operations vital for 

sustainable long-term growth.

Safety Management System

With safety as one of the key objectives, Nam Cheong established SKOM Sdn Bhd (formerly known as 

SK Offshore and Marine Sdn Bhd) (“SKOM”) in 2016 as the dedicated ship management subsidiary to 

enhance control and improve operational efficiency. Nam Cheong’s SKOM Safety Culture follows the 

International Maritime Organisation (“IMO”) Safety Management System (“SMS”) code. 

Nam Cheong has put in place internal and external audit programmes to ensure that we comply with the 

IMO standards. In 2019, Lloyds Register has continued as SKOM’s external auditor to ensure compliance 

with the IMO Code for the Safe Operation of Ships and Pollution Prevention. 

SKOM has a dedicated Health, Safety, Security, and Environment (“HSSE”) team. The 7-person team is 

in charge of two areas – Strategic and Operations. The Strategic HSSE portfolio covers quality, tender 

vetting, training, procedure development and administrative tasks. The Operations HSSE portfolio looks 

into the day-to-day operational tasks, client interfacing and vessel audits.  

Safety Targets and Performance

SKOM aims to have zero personal injuries with a target of zero Loss Time Injury (“LTI”) every year. 

Loss Time Injury refers to any injury sustained by an employee resulting in the employee missing work. 

SKOM’s safety performance from 2016 to 2019 is shown in the table on the right.

Key Metrics

2016

2017

2018

2019 

Man Hours

130,190

488,579

1,005,245

1,793,120 

Fatalities

0

0

0

0

Loss Time Injury (LTI) based on 

Days Away from Work Cases

0

0

0

0

Restricted Work Cases

0

0

0

0

Medical Treatment Cases

1

1

3

1

Total Recordable Cases

1

1

3

1

Total Recordable Incident Rate  

(TRIR) based on 200,000 hours

1.536

0.409

0.597

0.1

Total Recordable Case Frequency 

(TRCF) based on 1,000,000 hours

7.6

2.0

2.9

0.55

From 2016 to 2019, SKOM achieved exponential growth in man-hours while ensuring zero workplace 

incident fatalities and LTI. This is a testament to ongoing efforts in boosting safety standards and 

developing a safety-first culture onboard the vessels, which includes having a detailed Hazards and 

Effects Management process as codified in the Risk Management Manual. 

SKOM’s Total Recordable Incident Rate (“TRIR”) and Total Recordable Case Frequency (“TRCF”) ratios 

had trended downwards during this period. The performance for 2019 has been better than the previous 

years, and our long-term target is to reduce the TRCF to 0.5, which is the industry benchmark. 

Employees’ active feedback and involvement – such as through Unsafe Act, Unsafe Condition (“UAUC”) 

observations and submissions – are important inputs for the annual review and approval of safety 

policies. As part of the overall HSSE plan, SKOM runs a Health Risk Assessment (“HRA”) programme 

for employees. HRA materials are periodically cascaded to all employees to promote awareness and 

encourage them to take personal responsibility in health and wellness matters.



Image Shown - SK PRIDE

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019



6


ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION

Fuel Efficiency and Climate Action

Nam Cheong has a strong focus on building and operating a 

fuel-efficient fleet. This makes our product and service offerings 

cost-effective and competitive in the market place. It also helps 

us to protect the environment by reducing air pollution and carbon 

emissions. 

The IMO is committed to minimizing greenhouse gas (“GHG”) 

emissions from international shipping and aims to reduce carbon 

intensity across international shipping by at least 40% by 2030 and 

pursuing efforts towards 70% by 2050. Furthermore, the IMO aims 

to reduce absolute carbon emissions by at least 50% by 2050. 

The IMO has articulated a GHG strategy that includes design 

and technical measures, operational measures and innovation-

centred measures. Collectively, this will reduce carbon emissions 

progressively and measurably from the business-as-usual scenario. 

Nam Cheong supports the IMO’s GHG strategy through the 

following policies and actions: 

• 

We design vessels with advance technologies that are fuel 

efficient, environmentally friendly, operationally flexible and cost-

effective. Our current NCP4000E and NCA80E vessel models 

incorporate the latest marine technologies and fuel efficiency 

elements such as the use of medium speed diesel engines for 

main generators (instead of high-speed diesel) and lean concept 

electric drives, which results in lower CO2 emissions by about 

7% to 10%. 

• 

In our daily operations, the Engineering team holds regular 

internal meetings to improve efficiency, optimize fuel usage 

and discuss ways to comply with the latest regulations. One 

of the current studies is incorporating battery-powered electric 

propulsion as an operational measure to reduce carbon 

emissions, e.g. using the electric propulsion’s battery power 

partially at sea and fully in port areas. 

Fleet Overview

Aggregate 

Fuel Usage 

in 2019

Estimated 

Carbon 

Emissions 

(Scope 1)1 

• Anchor Handling Tug 

Supply Vessels – 16

• Platform Supply Vessels – 7

• Accommodation 

Work Boats – 5

• Accommodation 

Work Barge – 1

• Standby Vessel - 1

43,900 

tonnes 

(marine 

gas oil)

140,800 

tonnes 

(CO2)2 

1 According to the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard, Scope 1 emissions are 

direct emissions from an organization’s owned or controlled sources. 

2 The conversion from fuel usage to CO2 emissions is based on the IMO’s emis-

sion factor of 3.2.

Waste Management

SKOM has a target of no harm to the environment. The vessels 

under SKOM track the amount, type and discharge point of all 

vessel-generated waste. All waste is recorded as hazardous and 

non-hazardous waste. In 2019, SKOM included the tracking of 

cargo residuals and tank washing wastes. A new e-waste category 

was added as well, which includes any electronic equipment, 

including its components, sub-assemblies and consumables when 

disposed of as waste materials. SKOM adheres to the International 

Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships (“MARPOL”), 

which prescribes that no waste is to be discharged into the sea to 

minimize pollution and reduce adverse impact on marine life. 

Ballast water is used to stabilize vessels at sea. While it is critical 

for safe and efficient operations, it can pose ecological issues if 

not managed properly due to marine species carried in the ballast 

water. To prevent the unintended transfer of invasive species and 

impact on indigenous marine life, the   International Convention 

for the Control and Management of Ships’ Ballast Water and 

Sediments (“BWM Convention”) was adopted by the IMO Member 

States and came into force on 8 September 2017. SKOM’s vessels 

comply with the Convention, such as implementing a ballast water 

management plan and carrying a ballast water record book. Nam 

Cheong had taken the proactive step of implementing Regulation 

D-3 of the Convention on some vessels built in 2012, ahead of the 

Convention’s enforcement in 2017. Regulation D-3 requires that 

ballast water management systems must be approved by the IMO.   

SKOM’s operations in 2019 did not record any adverse impact on 

nature areas or biodiversity. The vessels’ cargo handling systems 

were designed to contain any onboard oil spills and minimize the 

environmental impact. Thanks to well-documented procedures 

and staff vigilance, there were no recorded incidents of onboard oil 

spills in the Safety Management System.

• 

We invest in research and development. We are keeping a 

close watch on the latest energy efficient machinery, promoting 

greater use of diesel electric propulsion with potential of 

integrating battery hybrid and/or use of dual fuel (liquefied 

natural gas (“LNG”) or bio-fuel) engines, hull coatings, big data 

acquisition and analytics, automation and unmanned control, 

optimizing vessel size and hull shape, speed optimization, 

speed reduction and weather routing. In the long term, we aim 

to replace marine fuel oil fully with low carbon LNG, carbon-

neutral bio-fuels or even zero carbon fuel (such as hydrogen and 

ammonia).

SKOM tracks the fuel usage of its operating fleet through a Daily 

Average Fuel Consumption Report submitted by each vessel. The 

table below shows 2019’s aggregate annual fuel usage for the fleet 

under SKOM’s management and the estimated carbon emissions.

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019



7


COMPLIANCE

Compliance Philosophy

Compliance and good governance are critical for Nam Cheong as an established and publicly listed 

corporate citizen. Compliance, insofar as adhering to applicable domestic and international laws and 

regulations, cuts across all our areas of work. 

Our corporate philosophy towards ensuring good compliance is as follows: 

• 

The external environment is dynamic and we have to constantly adapt and pivot how we conduct our 

business, which includes understanding new rules and mitigating governance risks. 

• 

We constantly educate our people on regulatory matters and instil in them the individual and 

collective responsibility to follow all rules and report any form of wrongdoing. 

• 

We have an in-house compliance unit to advise on key compliance issues, clarify doubts and provide 

an added level of assurance. 

Nam Cheong keeps a watchful eye on four business-critical areas: safety, labour laws, environmental 

protection as well as anti-bribery and anti-corruption. These areas are important because any 

infringements can result in business disruptions, impact to life and limb, as well as reputational loss. 

There are various Standard Operating Procedures (“SOPs”) in place to check on the performance and 

compliance standards, particularly onboard the vessels. Safety, labour matters and environmental 

protection are material ESG factors and have been discussed in the other sections of this Sustainability 

Report. 

Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption

Nam Cheong has in place a clear and extensive anti-bribery and anti-corruption policy that applies to all 

employees and external business partners. Critical aspects of this policy include: 

• 

The Company’s officers and employees shall be responsible for upholding the anti-bribery and anti-

corruption policy and adhering to relevant laws in any jurisdiction where our business operates. 

• 

We are committed to conducting business in an ethical and honest manner, and implementing 

systems to prevent bribery. 

• 

We have zero tolerance for bribery and corrupt activities.

• 

Any officer, employee or business partner who commits a violation, fails to report potential violations 

or misleads or hinders investigators inquiring into potential violations shall be subject to disciplinary 

action.   

Any non-compliance will be handled according to the decision of the domestic inquiry, which will include 

whether any punishment is deemed appropriate. In any event of a major non-compliance (such as 

criminal activity), a police report will be lodged accordingly. 

In 2019, there were no cases of corruption or bribery-related investigations or disciplinary actions.

WHISTLE BLOWING SYSTEM

Nam Cheong has a Whistle Blowing System for employees to confidentially report on any form of 

improper behaviour, which includes alleged corruption or bribery-related activities.  

Employees can provide their whistle blowing observations and concerns in writing, through the telephone 

or in person. All disclosures are sent directly to Nam Cheong’s Human Resource Department.  

Nam Cheong shall investigate any received disclosures fully and promptly. All disclosures are treated 

with the strictest confidence and employees who report any suspicious activities in good faith will be 

protected against possible retaliation. 

In 2019, we did not receive any disclosures of alleged corruption or bribery-related activities through the 

Whistle Blowing System.



Image Shown - SK ATOMIK

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019



8


CARING FOR EMPLOYEES

Human Resource Overview

Nam Cheong has implemented a company-wide Human Resource 

(“HR”) framework focused on the comprehensive development and 

wellbeing of all staff. The policies are communicated to all staff 

through briefings and the employee handbook. 

We constantly cultivate a positive work environment at all levels 

that empowers and motivates all employees to learn, grow and 

contribute. This is recognizing that our people make the difference 

in running safe and smooth operations, keeping our customers 

happy, and ensuring that our business practices are honest and 

sustainable. 

In 2019, we had 245 onshore employees on our payroll, of whom 

91% were based in Malaysia and 9% in Singapore. The 245 

employees exclude offshore crew who are engaged on short-term 

contracts based on vessel on/off requirements.

We adhere to the labour laws in Malaysia and Singapore, including 

the statutory retirement ages. When an employee reaches his or her 

retirement age and is eligible for re-employment, Nam Cheong will 

provide an option of a fixed term contract, renewable annually. 

Our local offices create a culture of inclusiveness and engagement 

by organizing monthly get-together events, such as a group 

breakfast to celebrate a local ethnic festival. Such events are 

organized by various levels of employees, thus allowing them to 

exercise their creativity and leadership. Some events are conducted 

through video-conferencing to link the different offices and foster a 

cross-border and cohesive corporate culture. 

Training and Development

Nam Cheong offers a wide variety of training courses for all staff 

to enhance their functional efficiency and future employability. This 

includes personal development and specialized courses, such as 

the following: 

• 

Microsoft Office PowerPoint available to all employees.

• 

Internal Inspection and Auditing for Marine Labour Convention 

(“MLC”) requirements for marine services managers.

• 

Update and refresher course for all HSSE personnel.

• 

Payroll and statutory compliance course for new HR personnel.

• 

Introductory course for IT and Accounts personnel on how to 

produce a customized Jet Report.

Nam Cheong adheres to strict standards in terms of the training 

delivery and outcomes. All of Nam Cheong’s internal and external 

courses are curated in accordance to respective industry and 

charter requirements and best practices. Trainers will have to be 

registered with or accredited by the relevant industry authorities 

such as SkillsFuture Singapore and the Malaysian Human 

Resources Development Fund.  

Nam Cheong is committed to equipping its workforce with the 

necessary knowledge and skills. Training hours per onshore 

employee increased by 65.0% from 4.12 hours in 2018 to 6.8 hours 

in 2019 due to more participants at in-house courses. Our target is 

to achieve 8 hours of training per onshore employee. For offshore 

crew, the training periods range from 1 to 4 days, depending on 

each customer’s needs and compliance requirements.

In 2019, annual performance evaluation was carried out for 65 

eligible employees, i.e. 26.5% of the onshore staff strength of 245. 

This was to assess which employees would qualify for promotion 

and career development opportunities.

4.12

2018

6.8

2019

Training Hours Per Employee

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019



9


GIVING BACK TO THE COMMUNITY

Employment and Economic Opportunities

As a company founded in 1968, Nam Cheong’s salient community 

contributions have consistently been in creating steady employment 

and economic opportunities for Malaysians and Singaporeans, the 

two countries where our company operates. This is in line with our 

belief that the best way to help the local community is to provide 

meaningful and stable jobs. 

It is stated in our recruitment policies that “The principle of equal 

employment prohibits discrimination in employment on the basis 

of race, colour, religion, gender, national origin, age and disability 

unrelated to job requirement, genetic information or other protected 

status.” Equal employment allows Nam Cheong to attract good 

people from a wider talent pool and contribute back across social 

boundaries. There were no incidents or reports of any form of 

employment discrimination in 2019. 

Our workforce has a 26:74 female to male gender ratio and draws 

from diverse ethnic and national backgrounds, as shown in the 

charts below. 

In order to recruit for replacement and growth, we reach out 

to prospective employees through various online and offline 

channels such as LinkedIn, the JobStreet job portal, Facebook 

and recruitment agencies. We also offer part-time roles and 

attachments to students during the school vacations. These 

recruitment efforts provide a regular platform for Nam Cheong 

to brand and market our employer value proposition of growth 

opportunities, empowerment and a culture of diversity. 

Public Service

In 2019, Nam Cheong’s Executive Chairman Tan Sri Datuk Tiong 

served on various school boards and was an active volunteer in 

various clan and business associations. This included Tai Sri Datuk 

Tiong serving as the Honorary Life President of the Sibu Chinese 

Chamber of Commerce and Industry and the Honorary President 

of The Associated Chinese Chambers of Commerce and Industry 

of Sarawak (“ACCCIS”). Such public service platforms allowed 

Nam Cheong to engage the local communities, understand their 

developmental needs so that we could contribute more effectively 

through economic and social means. 

Onshore Employees by Ethnicity

55.9%

Bumiputera

Chinese

38.8%

Indian

2.0%

Others

3.3%

Onshore Employees by Nationality

90.2%

Malaysia

3.3%

Singapore

6.5%

Others

In July 2019, Nam Cheong provided a cash sponsorship to the 

Methodist Welfare Services (“MWS”) Fellowship on the Greens 

fundraising event in Singapore. This was in recognition of the 

charity’s commendable work in supporting low-income and 

vulnerable families and individuals through its network of 20 

centres and outreach programmes across Singapore. 





Images Shown - Employees and crew onboard

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019



10


GRI CONTENT INDEX

GRI Standards

Page Number/External Reference

GRI 102: GENERAL DISCLOSURES 2016

Organisation Profile

102-1

Name of the organization

Page 1

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services

Corporate website (http://www.namcheong.com.my/) 

102-3

Location of headquarters

Corporate website 

102-4 

Location of operations

Corporate website

102-5 

Ownership and legal form

Corporate website

102-6

Markets Served

Corporate website

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Corporate website 

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Page 9 (Human Resource Overview)

102-9 

Supply chain

Corporate website

102-10

Significant changes to organisation and its supply chain

Nil

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach

Nam Cheong is committed to environmental protection. 

If there are reasonable grounds for us to exercise caution, 

even if scientific evidence is unavailable or inconclusive, 

we will endeavour to minimize any environmental harm

102-12

External initiatives

Page 6 (IMO Safety Management System code), 

page 7 (IMO Greenhouse Gas Strategy)

102-13

Membership of associations

Page 10 (Public Service)

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision maker

Page 3 (Board Statement) 

Ethics and Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour

Page 8 (Compliance Philosophy)

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

Corporate website

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019



11


GRI Standards

Page Number/External Reference

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Page 4 (Stakeholder Engagement) 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements

Nam Cheong’s employees are not covered under 

any collective bargaining agreement

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Page 4 (Stakeholder Engagement)

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Page 4 (Stakeholder Engagement)

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Page 4 (Stakeholder Engagement)

Reporting Practice

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

Annual Report available on the corporate website 

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

Page 4 (Overview) 

102-47

List of material topics

Page 5 (Material ESG Factors)

102-48

Restatements of information

Nil

102-49

Changes in reporting 

Nil

102-50

Reporting period

Page 4 (Overview)

102-51

Date of most recent report

May 2019

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

Enquiries can be emailed to: (enquiry@ncl.com.sg)

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with GRI Standards

Page 4 (Overview) 

102-55

GRI content index

Page 11 (GRI Content Index) 

102-56

External assurance

Nil

TOPIC-SPECIFIC STANDARDS

Safety

GRI: 103: Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Page 5 (Material ESG Factors)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Page 6 (Safety Management System), Page 8 (Compliance) 

GRI CONTENT INDEX

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019



12


GRI Standards

Page Number/External Reference

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Page 6 (Safety Targets and Performance)

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018

403-1

Occupational health and safety management system

Page 6 (Safety Management System)

403-2

Hazard identification, risk assessment, 

and incident investigation

Page 6 (Safety Management System)

403-3

Occupational health services

Page 6 (Safety Management System)

403-4

Worker participation, consultation, and communication 

on occupational health and safety 

Page 6 (Safety Targets and Performance)

403-5

Worker training on occupational health and safety

Page 6 (Safety Targets and Performance)

403-6

Promotion of worker health

Page 6 (Safety Targets and Performance)

403-7

Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and 

safety impacts directly linked by business relationships

Page 6 (Safety Management System)

403-8

Workers covered by an occupational health 

and safety management system

Page 6 (Safety Management System)

403-9

Work-related injuries

Page 6 (Safety Targets and Performance)

403-10

Work-related ill health

Page 6 (Safety Targets and Performance)

Environmental Protection

GRI: 103: Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Page 5 (Material ESG Factors)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Page 7 (Fuel Efficiency and Climate Action), Page 7 

(Waste Management), Page 8 (Compliance)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Page 7 (Fuel Efficiency and Climate Action), 

Page 7 (Waste Management)

GRI 305: Emissions 2016

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Page 7 (Fuel Efficiency and Climate Action)

GRI 306: Effluents and Waste 2016

306-1

Water discharge by quality and destination

Page 7 (Waste Management)

GRI CONTENT INDEX

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019



13


GRI Standards

Page Number/External Reference

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

Page 7 (Waste Management)

306-3

Significant spills

Page 7 (Waste Management)

306-4

Transport of hazardous waste

Page 7 (Waste Management)

306-5

Water bodies affected by water discharges and/or runoff

Page 7 (Waste Management)

Compliance

GRI: 103: Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Page 5 (Material ESG Factors)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Page 8 (Compliance)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Page 8 (Compliance)

GRI 205: Anti-Corruption 2016

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption

Page 8 (Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption)

205-2

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures

Page 8 (Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption)

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

Page 8 (Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption)

Human Resource

GRI: 103: Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Page 5 (Material ESG Factors)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Page 9 (Human Resource Overview)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Page 9 (Human Resource Overview)

GRI 404: Training and Education 2016

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

Page 9 (Training and Development)

404-2

Programs for upgrading employee skills 

and transition assistance programs

Page 9 (Training and Development)

404-3

Percentage of employees receiving regular 

performance and career development reviews

Page 9 (Training and Development)

GRI CONTENT INDEX

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019



14


GRI Standards

Page Number/External Reference

Community Impact

GRI: 103: Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Page 5 (Material ESG Factors)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Page 10 (Employment and Economic Opportunities)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Page 10 (Employment and Economic Opportunities)

GRI 406: Non-Discrimination 2016

406-1

Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken

Page 10 (Employment and Economic Opportunities)

GRI 413: Local Communities 2016

413-1

Operations with local community engagement, 

impact assessments, and development programs

Page 10 (Public Service)

413-2

Operations with significant actual and potential 

negative impacts on local communities

Nil

GRI CONTENT INDEX

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019



15




www.namcheong.com.my

