
 

 

 

 

 









 



 



 

 

 

 













 


Sustainability Report FY2019 

 

1 | P a g e  

S u s t a i n a b i l i t y  R e p o r t  2 0 1 9 

 



Table of contents 

1. Corporate Profile ………………………………………………… Page 2 

 

2. Group Structure ………………………………………………….. Page 3 

 

3. Corporate Values and Principles &amp; Certifications Obtained …Page 4 

 

4. About the Report ………………………………………………... Page 5 

 

5. Message from the Board ……………………………………….. Page 6 

 

6. Stakeholder Engagement ………………………………………. Page 7 

 

7. Materiality Assessment …………………………………………. Page 9 

 

8. Anti-Corruption ……………………………………………...…… Page 10 

 

9. Environmental Compliance …………………………………….. Page 12 

 

10. Employment ……………………………………………………… Page 13 

 

11. Occupational Health and Safety ……………………………….. Page 14  

 

12. Training and Education …………………………………………. Page 15 

 

13. Diversity and Equal Opportunity ……………………………...... Page 16 

 

 

 


Sustainability Report FY2019 

 

2 | P a g e  

S u s t a i n a b i l i t y  R e p o r t  2 0 1 9 

 



 

Corporate Profile 

 

Nam Lee Pressed Metal Industries Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated on 

10 March 1975. Started as a family business in the 1950s by the late Mr Yong 

Kwong Fae, who founded Chop Nam Lee, the Company used to fabricate 

galvanised household products such as buckets and bath tubs. 

 

In 1991, the Company commenced the design and manufacture of metal products 

for buildings when it entered the HDB market and became a HDB-approved 

supplier. Over the years, the Company has established itself into a one-stop 

specialist for a wide range of aluminium and steel products. 

 

The principal activities of the Company include the design, fabrication, supply and 

installation of steel and aluminium products such as gates, door frames, railings, 

laundry racks, letter boxes, sliding windows and doors, curtain wall and cladding 

system for building and infrastructure projects, and the supply of aluminium 

industrial products for container refrigeration units. 

 

With the many years of experience in the business, vertically integrated 

production structure, well-equipped facilities and skilled staff, Nam Lee is able to 

offer the market a complete one-stop service from design, fabricate to installation. 

These include the manufacture of tooling, jigs and ﬁxtures, metal fabrication, 

surface coatings and treatments, assembly and the installation of the ﬁnal 

products. Headquartered in Singapore, the Company has subsidiaries in 

Singapore and Malaysia serving customers in the region. 

 

Quality is never compromised at Nam Lee and their efforts have been recognised 

when they were awarded the ISO 9002 certiﬁcate by the PSB in 1995. Another 

testament to its quality products is the HDB Quality Award for Supplier 1999 

awarded to it by the HDB. Its philosophy and management practice of ensuring 

quality at every stage of production plus the forward-looking management ensures 

that Nam Lee continues to progress and remain a competitive player in the market 

sectors. 

 

The Company was listed on the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited in October 1999. 


Sustainability Report FY2019 

 

3 | P a g e  

S u s t a i n a b i l i t y  R e p o r t  2 0 1 9 

 



 

 

Group Structure 

 

 

 

 

NAM LEE PRESSED METAL 

INDUSTRIES LIMITED



SINGAPORE

NL METALS SDN 

BHD (100%)



MALAYSIA

NL MECHANICAL

ENGINEERING SDN 

BHD (100%)



MALAYSIA

NAM LEE PRESSED 

METAL PTE LTD 

(100%)



SINGAPORE

SWAN METAL 

PRODUCTS SDN 

BHD (100%)



MALAYSIA

NAM LEE PRESSED 

METAL SDN BHD 

(100%)



MALAYSIA

NAM LEE 

INDUSTRIES SDN 

BHD (100%)



MALAYSIA


Sustainability Report FY2019 

 

4 | P a g e  

S u s t a i n a b i l i t y  R e p o r t  2 0 1 9 

 



Corporate Values and Principles 

 Integrity 

 Quality 

 Customer Satisfaction 

 Innovation 

“Integrity, quality, customer satisfaction, and innovation” are the pillars on which 

the success of Nam Lee is built and they sum up the corporate values and 

principles embraced by the Board, Management and Staff of Nam Lee. As we 

adhere to these core values, Nam Lee strives to become the preferred and trusted 

partner of our customers, providing them with quality services and products. 

 

Dedicated to total service and lean manufacturing methods, Nam Lee is 

committed to transforming our customers’ vision, needs and imagination into 

reality with our capabilities, eventually partnering them in achieving their goals and 

vision. 

 

 

 

Certifications Obtained 

 

 

 

 



Certificate

•ISO 9001: 2015

•OHSAS 18001 : 2007

•Bizsafe Star Certificate

•ISO 14001: 2015

•The Singapore Green Label



Name of Certificate

•Quality Management System

•Occupational Health and 

Safety Management Systems

•Occupational Health and 

Safety Management Systems

•Environmental Management 

System

•Singapore Green Labelling 

Scheme



Year of registration

•2004

•2010

•2016

•2018

•2019


Sustainability Report FY2019 

 

5 | P a g e  

S u s t a i n a b i l i t y  R e p o r t  2 0 1 9 

 



About the Report 

 

This is the Company’s second sustainability report which is prepared for the 

financial year ended 30 September 2019.  

 

The Sustainability Report (the “Report”) is prepared in compliance with Singapore 

Exchange Limited (“SGX”) reporting guidelines and references to the Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards.  

 

The Company will continue to focus on the sustainability performance, covering 

environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) performance. The information 

contained in this report covers our sustainability performance and efforts from 1 

October 2018 to 30 September 2019 (“FY2019”). 

 

The Company applies a standardised approach to data collection and analysis 

across all our operations, which includes ensuring that data is verified internally 

before reporting externally.  

 

We have not sought independent external assurance of the data in this report. 

 

This report is available for download on Singapore Exchange Network (“SGXNET”) 

as part of our environmental conservation efforts. 

 

We welcome and value our stakeholders’ suggestions and feedback. Please 

address all feedback and suggestions to enquiry@namlee.com.sg . 

 

 

 


Sustainability Report FY2019 

 

6 | P a g e  

S u s t a i n a b i l i t y  R e p o r t  2 0 1 9 

 



Message from the Board 

 

We are pleased to present Nam Lee Pressed Metal Industries Limited’s (“Nam 

Lee”) second sustainability report. Sustainability is a key consideration in strategy 

formulation for the company and through this report, we aim to share a balanced 

perspective of our ongoing efforts and progress in this area. 

 

Nam Lee views the principles of sustainability in business development as an 

integral part of our business. In this regard, the Board of Directors considers 

sustainability issues as part of the Company’s strategic formulation. 

 

At Nam Lee, we believe in building sustainable businesses that deliver long-term 

shareholder value and growth. We believe that a truly sustainable business not 

only creates economic value, but performs so in a way that benefits its 

stakeholders. 

 

The material ESG factors determined that may have significant impact on the 

business include occupational health and safety of our employees, training 

provided to employees, fair employment and any issues on non-compliance with 

environmental laws and regulations. 

 

The Company will report the sustainability performance annually and engage our 

stakeholders regularly. 

 

In this sustainability report, we provide insights into our businesses, while focusing 

on issues that affect most to our businesses and stakeholders, both internal and 

external, based on the materiality test. 

 

We understand the impact of our operations on the environment, social and 

stakeholders. As such, we will continue to monitor sustainability which remains a 

core part of the business along with progress on the commitments in the material 

areas. 

 

 

 


Sustainability Report FY2019 

 

7 | P a g e  

S u s t a i n a b i l i t y  R e p o r t  2 0 1 9 

 



Stakeholder Engagement 

 

The Company reaches out to our key stakeholders actively through various 

channels to understand the expectations of both our internal and external 

stakeholders in order to identify ESG issues that are of significance to our 

business. The Company strives to incorporate their feedback into our planning 

and actions whenever appropriate and relevant to our business. 

 

The key stakeholders have been identified that have significant influence on our 

business are customers, employees, shareholders and investors, suppliers, and 

government and regulators. 

 

Customers  

The Company strives to provide quality products and services to our customers. 

Customers are encouraged to send us their feedback on our services and 

products provided. Feedback obtained is reviewed carefully and relevant follow up 

actions are considered and executed effectively. Regular communications with 

customers help us further understand their requirements and expectations.  

 

Employees  

Our employees are the core of our business and also the key to achieve the 

Company’s long term sustainable business goals. Through proper supervision, 

regular trainings, effective meetings and well-communicated performance 

appraisals, we are able to encourage critical thinking, boost staff morale and 

enhance work performance. Promoting employee’s satisfaction in working with our 

Company can ensure that employees’ contribution is aligned to the Company’s 

business goals.  

 

Shareholders and Investors  

Shareholders and investors play an important role in the financing, operations and 

control aspects of our business. The Company is committed to maintaining a high 

standard of corporate governance within the Company to ensure timely and 

transparent reporting of the financial statements to our investors and shareholders. 

Timely announcements and disclosures also update shareholders of the 

Company’s significant developments, where necessary.  Shareholders also have 


Sustainability Report FY2019 

 

8 | P a g e  

S u s t a i n a b i l i t y  R e p o r t  2 0 1 9 

 



the opportunity to interact with the Board and Senior Management at our Annual 

General Meeting.  

 

Suppliers 

Supplier management is important to us to ensure seamless business operations. 

Stringent supplier selection, screening and evaluations are performed, adhereing 

to the guidelines set out in the Company’s Procurement Policy. The Company 

engages suppliers regularly through various channels including meetings, emails 

and telecommunications.  Feedback channels on our products and services are 

important in order to increase our efficiency and productivity in our business 

operations.  

 

Government and Regulators  

The Company performs regular monitoring, analysis, evaluation and audits on our 

financial information and internal controls to ensure our activity complies with the 

existing regulatory and industry standards and guidelines. The Company is 

committed to having a competent team of personnels to ensure all legal and 

regulatory requirements. 

 


Sustainability Report FY2019 

 

9 | P a g e  

S u s t a i n a b i l i t y  R e p o r t  2 0 1 9 

 



 

 

Materiality Assessment 

In 2018, we conducted our first assessment to identify the material sustainability 

topics to focus on.  

 

In preparation for the sustainability report, senior staffs of each main area of 

business are engaged to conduct materiality assessments based on internal and 

external stakeholders’ expectations. By communicating with them about key topics, 

we gain a better understanding of their various views and perspectives. This 

enables us to actively address important issues and challenges and to report them 

in a transparent way. 

 

A total of six ESG material sustainability topics are identified through the 

assessment. We will continue to review it on an annual basis to ensure its 

relevance to our business. 



Stakeholder



Customers



Employees



Shareholders and Investors



Suppliers



Government and Regulators



Method of 

Engagement



Regular meetings

Phone calls

Email communications



Regular staff meetings

Training and development 

programme



AGM/EGM meetings 

Announcement and circulars

Annual report



Regular meetings

Phone calls

Email communications



Site visit and audit check

Direct communication and 

meetings



Topics of 

Concern



Business ethics

Product and service

Supply chain management



Employee benefit

Safety and equal opportunity

Training and development



Economic performance

Good corporate governance

Transparency



Business ethics

Long term relationship

Supply chain management



Compliance to rules and 

regulations

Economic contribution


Sustainability Report FY2019 

 

10 | P a g e  

S u s t a i n a b i l i t y  R e p o r t  2 0 1 9 

 



 

 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

 

The Company is committed to run our business with integrity and has zero 

tolerance towards fraud, bribery and other similar misconducts. The Company has 

also put in place a Code of Conduct including anti-corruption policies and whistle-

blowing arrangement whereby the employees may, in confidence, raise concerns 

about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters to 

the AC Chairman. Arrangements are in place for the independent investigation of 

such matters for appropriate follow-up actions to be taken.  

 

The Company’s Code of Conduct and anti-corruption policies illustrates the 

guidelines on key ethical issues which explicitly emphasises on dishonest, illegal, 



•GRI 205-3 : Confirmed incidents of corruption and action 

taken



Anti-Corruption



•GRI 307-1 : Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations



Environmental 

Compliance



•GRI 401-2 : Benefits provided to full-time employees that 

are not provided to temporary or part-time employees



Employment



•GRI 403-9 : Work-related injuries



Occupational 

Health and 

Safety



•GRI 404-1 : Average hours of training per year per 

employee



Training and 

Education



•GRI 405-1 : Diversity of governance bodies and employees



Diversity and 

Equal 

Opportunity


Sustainability Report FY2019 

 

11 | P a g e  

S u s t a i n a b i l i t y  R e p o r t  2 0 1 9 

 



fraudulent, corrupt or other serious improper conduct which are communicated to 

all employees as and when necessary. Directors are also required to make 

declaration to uphold the Company’s core value of not engaging in unethical 

practices.  

 

For further details on Corporate Governance, kindly refer to our 2019 Annual 

Report pages 17 – 35. 

 

Governance 

 

The Company observes a high standard of corporate governance within the 

Group to ensure accountability and transparency in conducting our business. The 

Company has established policies and procedures in place to safeguard against 

fraud and protect the interests of our stakeholders.  

 

The Company has complied with the principles and guidelines set out in the Code 

of Corporate Governance 2012 and the SGX listing rules. We also perform regular 

monitoring, evaluation and audit of our internal policies and procedures to ensure 

compliance with the existing regulatory requirements.  

 

The Board believes in the importance of maintaining a sound system of internal 

controls to safeguard shareholders’ investments and the Company’s assets. 

Policies and procedures for various business operations are established to 

provide guidelines to employees and also to address financial, operational and 

compliance risks and the internal controls in place are reviewed by management, 

the Audit Committee and the Board. 

 

Dealing in securities 

 

In compliance with the internal code of conduct, the Company issues a quarterly 

memo to all directors and officers informing them that they are not permitted to 

deal in the Company’s shares during the period commencing two weeks before 

the announcement of the Company’s financial statements for each of the three 

quarters of its financial year and one month before the announcement of the 

Company’s full year financial statements, or if they are in possession of 

unpublished price-sensitive information of the Company. The directors and 


Sustainability Report FY2019 

 

12 | P a g e  

S u s t a i n a b i l i t y  R e p o r t  2 0 1 9 

 



employees are also discouraged from dealing in the Company’s securities on 

short-term considerations. 

 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE  

 

The Company continues working on ways to manage and minimise the impact of 

our business operations on the environment. The Company strives to reduce 

carbon footprint to the environment. 

 

The Company is certified under ISO 14001:2015 Certification in Environmental 

Management System in relation to fabrication and coating of metal products. The 

certification helps our processes to minimise negative effects on the environment. 

 

Our offices are using FSC-Certified paper for daily operation. The FSC-Certified 

label enforces a strict set of standards that paper products must meet in order to 

prove that they are truly environmentally and socially responsible. Using these 

products will in-turn promote an environmental-friendly culture in our staff as well. 

 

Waste disposal and management 

 

Waste management is an essential part of our day-to-day operation. We practise 

the 3 R’s (reduce, reuse and recycle) waste hierarchy in order to extract the 

maximum practical benefits from materials and to generate the minimum amount 

of end waste. The Company promotes processes to optimise resource usage and 

eventually move towards zero waste processes. 

 

Examples of recyclable waste include carton boxes or any other paper-based 

materials used for packaging and scrap metals leftover from the production 

processes.  

 

The production workers are the first contact point to handle such materials. All 

production workers are trained to segregate the recyclable waste from general 

waste. Clearly labelled recycling bins are placed at designated areas for proper 

segregation of recyclable wastes. These recyclable wastes are collected and 

sorted out, not to be disposed with the general waste. 

 


Sustainability Report FY2019 

 

13 | P a g e  

S u s t a i n a b i l i t y  R e p o r t  2 0 1 9 

 



The Company also invested in waste water treatment equipments to reduce the 

impact on environment. Certain manufacturing plants are equipped with waste 

water treatment equipments to treat the waste water generated during 

manufacturing processes. The waste water will be treated in compliance with local 

authorities’ requirements before releasing into public drains. 

 

Energy consumption  

In our efforts to minimising carbon footprint, our offices are installed with electrical 

appliances with high energy efficiency rating, including energy efficient light bulbs. 

Electrical appliances with higher energy efficiency will help to reduce electricity 

consumption.  

 

Our production warehouses layouts are structured in an energy efficient way so 

that lightings are reduced on unnecessary areas.  Workers are also reminded 

frequently to switch off machineries and lightings when not in use. 

 

In FY2019, the ratio of electricity and water consumption incurred against revenue 

generated is 1.25%. 

 

EMPLOYMENT 

 

Employees are our most valuable assets as we are in a labour-intensive industry. 

We value and recognise our employees’ contributions through an effective staff 

appraisal system to reward them. In addition to the competitive remuneration 

offered, the Company provides employment benefits and welfare to our dedicated 

employees.  

 

Employee benefits 

 

Our employees are entitled to health care benefits such as hospitalisation 

insurance plan, medical care and dental care. Personal Accident Insurance Policy 

and Workmen Compensation Policies with disability/invalidity coverage are also 

provided. Our staffs are entitled to various leaves such as annual, parental, 

compassionate, marriage and examination leaves.  

 

In addition, we are constantly reviewing our employment policies and 

remuneration practices to ensure compliance with the updated employment laws, 


Sustainability Report FY2019 

 

14 | P a g e  

S u s t a i n a b i l i t y  R e p o r t  2 0 1 9 

 



in order to keep up with the best industry practices to provide the optimal working 

conditions for our people. 

 

In Singapore, we participate in the Central Provident Fund (CPF) scheme, which 

helps employees to have a secure retirement through a income retirement fund, 

healthcare financing and home financing. Under this scheme, monthly deductions 

from employees’ gross salaries are paid into their CPF savings accounts. The 

Company will make corresponding employer contributions to these accounts, 

according to the rates stipulated in the CPF Act. 

 

Similarly, for our staff employed under the subsidiaries in Malaysia, we also 

contribute to a government managed retirement savings scheme, the Employees 

Provident Fund (“EPF”), which provides retirement benefits for our staff. 

 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

 

We aim to achieve a zero work-related injuries environment as our safety 

management objective. We view our employees as the Company’s most important 

asset that can bring growth and success to the company. We continue to provide 

close and effective supervision to ensure the health and safety of employees. 

 

Work-related injuries 

 

The more our workers are educated about health, safety, and work-related 

hazards, the more they can protect themselves from harm and improve their own 

working environment. We conduct or facilitate timely and relevant workers’ training 

to so that work-related (occupational) injuries and illnesses can be minimised. 

 

The Company has successfully attained the bizSAFE Star award and OHSAS 

18001 Certification in Occupational Health and Safety Management as a reflection 

of the Company’s commitment to safety and confirming that the Company has met 

international occupational health and safety standards.  

 

The Company engages both external and in-house safety officers to ensure safety 

regulations are duly complied with. The external safety consultant can be engaged 

to oversee the Company’s safety rules and to propose improvements on these 

existing safety rules where necessary. They can also be engaged to conduct spot-


Sustainability Report FY2019 

 

15 | P a g e  

S u s t a i n a b i l i t y  R e p o r t  2 0 1 9 

 



check within the premises to ensure the safety rules and regulations are complied 

with accordingly. 

 

The in-house safety officer monitors the daily safety measures and continuously 

seeks ways to create a safer working environment. The in-house safety officer 

makes regular patrol in the premises to ensure all the production workers are 

adequately equipped with the proper protective gear required to be worn in their 

work tasks (masks, gloves, safety boots, ear plug, protective eyewear). To further 

minimise the risk of injury, safety posters/signboards with instructions and 

reminders are put up at the prominent locations to continuously remind workers on 

the safety rules. 

 

The in-house safety officer will conduct safety orientation to all new employees 

who work at the production site. The safety orientation provides general guidelines 

including but not limited to housekeeping rules of maintaining a clean and safe 

workplace, proper usage of personal protective equipment, rules of operate 

machineries  and guidelines on handling various type of materials. 

 

For those employees that operate on more complex machineries, a separate 

briefing and a copy of the machinery manual will be provided to better guide the 

employee on safety issues. 

 

During FY2019, there has been no incidence of occupational disease and work-

related fatalities. Our safety record for FY2019 showed Accident Frequency Rate 

(“AFR”) was 6.77 cases and Accident Severity Rate (“ASR”) was 89.68 days. AFR 

measures the frequency of workplace accidents reported per one million man-

hours worked. ASR refers to the number of man-days lost to workplace accidents 

per one million man-hours worked. 

 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

 

The Company recognise that consistent and ongoing education is critical to 

maintaining a competitive, skilled, productive and motivated workforce. Employee 

career development and performance management are established based on 

merits and contributing skill sets towards the organization objectives through 

objective settings and regular performance reviews. We continue to review and 


Sustainability Report FY2019 

 

16 | P a g e  

S u s t a i n a b i l i t y  R e p o r t  2 0 1 9 

 



improve our career development and performance review process in light of the 

changing business and operation environment. 

 

Our training programmes cover a variety of areas catering for employees with 

different job scopes and skills-set requirements. Our core training curriculum and 

contents are developed and guided by well-established industry and international 

standards. In addition, specific training curriculums are developed based on the 

specific requirements of the specific businesses and functions. Training topics 

range from soft skills development in areas such as communication and 

leadership, to technical programmes covering project management and office 

productivity tools. 

 

In 2019, each employee received an average of about 7.3 hours of training. In 

light of the changing business requirements and training methodologies, we 

continue to revise our training curriculum and programme to align with our 

organisation objectives and to strive for effectiveness and efficiency in our training 

approach. 

 

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY  

Embracing Diversity, Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action are 

three components of our step towards creating equality in the working 

environment for our employees. We believe that harnessing the intelligence and 

perspectives of our diverse workforce is critical to driving growth and innovation. 

 

We embrace diversity in gender, age, race, nationality, values and background to 

turn the energy and creativity generated by diversity into a source of strength. We 

aim to furnish a comfortable and friendly working environment for all, enabling 

employees to approach challenges with an entrepreneurial spirit, and be 

appropriately evaluated for their performance. 

 

The Company has an all-inclusive work culture, with people working in harmony 

despite difference in ages, gender and ethnicity. Given the work nature in the 

manufacturing industry, about 91% of our employees are males. 

 

As an equal opportunity employer, we also do not discriminate against any 

employee on their age. Our staff’s age can be as young as 22 and as matured as 

over 70, working together and learning from each other.  

 


Sustainability Report FY2019 

 

17 | P a g e  

S u s t a i n a b i l i t y  R e p o r t  2 0 1 9 

 



In accordance with the Retirement and Re-employment Act (“RRA”) in Singapore, 

the existing minimum retirement age is 62 years. On 18 August 2019, it was 

announced in Singapore that the statutory retirement age will be raised from 62 to 

65 by 2030. In addition, the re-employment age will also be raised from the 

current 67 to 70. This increase will be done in stages, starting in 2022 where the 

retirement age will increase to 63 and the re-employment age will increase to 68. 

By 2030, the full increase to 65 (retirement age) and 70 (re-employment age) will 

be completed.  

Considering these policies and changes, our Company’s retirement age is 67 

years old – five years more than the existing requirement at 62 years old. 

Employees can opt for retirement at 62 or continue until they are 67. Although the 

benefits and compensation may be adjusted based on reasonable factors once 

they reach the legislated retirement age, our older employees continue to enjoy 

the same as they had before if they continue to work in the same job.  We also do 

not dismiss any employee based on the employee’s age. 

 

The profiles of our employees as at 30 September 2019 are as follows: 

 

 

 

 

 



-Executive (Male)

5%

-Executive 

(Female)

2%

-Non-Executive 

(Male)

86%

-Non-Executive 

(Female)

7%

-Executive (Male)

-Executive (Female)

-Non-Executive (Male)

-Non-Executive (Female)


Sustainability Report FY2019 

 

18 | P a g e  

S u s t a i n a b i l i t y  R e p o r t  2 0 1 9 

 



GRI CONTENT INDEX

 

Category



•Organisational 

profile

•Strategy

•Ethics and integrity

•Governance

GRI Standard



•GRI 102-1

•GRI 102-2

•GRI 102-3

•GRI 102-4

•GRI 102-5

•GRI 102-6

•GRI 102-7

•GRI 102-8

•GRI 102-9

•GRI 102-10

•GRI 102-11

•GRI 102-12

•GRI 102-13

•GRI 102-14

•GRI 102-16

•GRI 102-18

Descriptions



•Name of the organisation

•Activities, brands, products and 

services

•Location of headquarters

•Location of operations

•Ownership and legal form

•Market served

•Scale of the organisation

•Information on employees and 

other workers

•Supply Chain

•Significant changes to the 

organisation and its supply chain

•Precautionary principle or 

approach

•External initiatives

•Membership of associations

•Statement from senior 

decision-maker

•Value, principles, standards, and 

norms of behavior

•Governance structure

Page No.



•Page 2

•Page 2

•Page 3

•Page 3

•Page 118-119 of 

Annual Report 

FY2019 

•Page 2 - 3

•Page 2 - 4

•Page 13  - 17

•Page 2 - 3

•N/A

•N/A

•N/A

•N/A 

•Page  6

•Page 4

•Page 17-35 of 

Annual Report 

FY2019 


Sustainability Report FY2019 

 

19 | P a g e  

S u s t a i n a b i l i t y  R e p o r t  2 0 1 9 

 



 

Category



•Stakeholder 

engagement

•Reporting 

practice

GRI Standard



•GRI 102-40

•GRI 102-41

•GRI 102-42

•GRI 102-43

•GRI 102-44

•GRI 102-45

•GRI 102-46

•GRI 102-47

•GRI 102-48

•GRI 102-49

•GRI 102-50

•GRI 102-51

•GRI 102-52

•GRI 102-53

•GRI 102-54

•GRI 102-55

•GRI 102-56

Descriptions



•List of stakeholder groups

•Collective bargaining

•Identifying and selecting stakeholders

•Approach to stakeholder engagement

•Key topics and concerns raised

•Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements

•Defining report content and topic boundaries

•List of material topics

•Restatements of information

•Changes in reporting

•Reporting period

•Date of most recent report

•Reporting cycle

•Contact point for questions regarding the 

report

•Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

standards

•GRI content index

•External assurance

Page No.



•Page 7-8

•N/A

•Page 7-8

•Page 7-8

•Page 7-8

•Page 85-86 

of Annual 

Report 

FY2019 

•Page 9

•Page 9

•N/A

•N/A

•Page 5

•24-09-2019

•Page 5

•Page 5

•Page 5

•Page 18-20

•Page 5


Sustainability Report FY2019 

 

20 | P a g e  

S u s t a i n a b i l i t y  R e p o r t  2 0 1 9 

 



 

Category



•Anti-corruption

•Environmental 

compliance

•Employment

•Occupational 

health and 

safety

•Training and 

education

•Diversity and 

equal 

opportunity

GRI Standard



•GRI 103-1/2/3

•GRI 205-3

•GRI 103-1/2/3

•GRI 307-1

•GRI 103-1/2/3

•GRI 401-2

•GRI 103-1/2/3

•GRI 403-9

•GRI 103-1/2/3

•GRI 404-1

•GRI 103-1/2/3

•GRI 405-1

Descriptions



•Management approach

•Confirmed incidents of corruption 

and action taken

•Management approach

•Non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations

•Management approach

•Benefits provided to full-time 

employees that are not provided to 

temporary or part-time employees

•Management approach

•Work-related injuries

•Management approach

•Average hours of training per year 

per employee

•Management approach

•Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees

Page No.



•Page 10-11

•Page 10-11

•Page 12-13

•Page 12-13

•Page 13-14

•Page 13-14

•Page 14-15

•Page 14-15

•Page 15-16

•Page 15-16

•Page 16-17

•Page 16-17


Sustainability Report FY2019 

 

21 | P a g e  

S u s t a i n a b i l i t y  R e p o r t  2 0 1 9 

 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

NAM LEE PRESSED METAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 

Company Registration Number: 197500362M 

 

21 Sungei Kadut Street 4  

Singapore 729048 

Tel: (65) 6257 5388 

Fax: (65) 6758 8134 

Email: enquiry@namlee.com.sg 

Website: www.namlee.com.sg  



