






 





 

 

 

 

 



 

 




 

 

2 | P a g e 

 

Our Core Values  

“Integrity, quality, customer satisfaction, and innovation” are the pillars on which the success of Nam Lee is built 

and they continue to be firmly grounded as the corporate values embraced by the Board, Management and Staff 

of Nam Lee. Our trademark Swan brand embodies grace, trust and loyalty, enduring qualities of a faithful partner. 

As we adhere to these core values, Nam Lee strives to become the preferred and trusted partner of our customers, 

providing them with quality services and products. 

 

Dedicated to total service and lean manufacturing methods, Nam Lee is committed to transforming our 

customers’ vision, needs and imagination into reality with our capabilities, eventually partnering them in 

achieving their goals and vision. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Contents 

Our Company At A Glance     3 

 Corporate Structure     5 

About the Report     5 

Board Statement     6 

Our Approach to Stakeholder Engagement     7 

Materiality Analysis     8 

Sustainability Focus Areas     9 

Our Response During COVID-19    15 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

3 | P a g e 

 

 

OUR COMPANY AT A GLANCE  

 

Nam Lee Pressed Metal Industries Limited (the “Company” and its subsidiaries, collectively known as 

“Nam Lee”) was incorporated on 10 March 1975 and has been listed on the Mainboard of the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited since October 1999. Headquartered in Singapore, Nam Lee has 

subsidiaries in Singapore and Malaysia serving customers in the region.  

 

The principal activities of Nam Lee include the design, fabrication, supply and installation of steel and 

aluminium products such as gates, door frames, railings, laundry racks, letter boxes, sliding windows and 

doors, curtain wall and cladding system for building and infrastructure projects, and the supply of 

aluminium industrial products for container refrigeration units. 

 

With the many years of experience in the business, its vertically integrated production structure, well-

equipped facilities and skilled staff, Nam Lee is able to offer our clients a complete one-stop service 

from design to fabrication and to installation. These include the manufacture of tooling, jigs and ﬁxtures, 

metal fabrication, surface coatings and treatments, assembly and the installation of the ﬁnal products.  

 

Our philosophy and management practice of ensuring quality at every stage of production ensures that 

quality is never compromised at Nam Lee. Our forward-looking management ensures that Nam Lee 

remains a competitive player in the sectors of the market we focus on. 

 

We continually improve our service capabilities in line with various local and international standards, 

including the following: 

 

Manufacturing and Service Quality – ISO 9001:2015 

 Nam Lee has ISO 9001 certification for Quality Management Systems since 2004 and benchmarks 

performance of our products and service management relative to our peer, identifying best 

industry practices in our continuing quest for excellence and competitiveness.  

 Clear guidelines and regular training are provided to our employees to ensure that our products 

are manufactured according to required specifications and that we address our customers’ 

requirements effectively. 

Environmental Management System – ISO 14001:2015 

 Nam Lee has in place a formal environmental policy to communicate with our 

stakeholders our commitment and approach to continuously improve environmental 

protection. We have been certified since 2018 and regularly assess system effectiveness both 

internally and externally to achieve continuous improvement. 

 

 


 

 

4 | P a g e 

 

 

 

Occupational Health and Safety Management System – ISO 45001:2018 

 Nam Lee has been working relentlessly with our employees and subcontractors to promote health 

and safety at our manufacturing sites and areas of operations. We cultivate a sense of responsibility 

for health, safety and well-being throughout our entire Company. We achieved ISO 45001 

certification in 2019 and bizSAFE Level Star certification for our Singapore plant since 2016.  

The Singapore Green Label 

 Nam Lee’s products (Swan Naturally SNNL Series) have been certified as Environmentally Preferred 

Flooring under the Singapore Green Labelling Scheme in 2019, which recognises products that have 

met certain eco-standards. We continue to adhere to international environmental best practices in 

our manufacturing process.  

 

 

 


 

 

5 | P a g e 

 

CORPORATE STRUCTURE  

 

 

 

 

ABOUT THE REPORT  

 

This is Nam Lee’s third sustainability report (“Report”) and covers our performance from 1 October 2019 

to 30 September 2020 (“FY2020”). This Report covers our operations in Singapore and Malaysia, and has 

been prepared in compliance with Rules 711A and 711B of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section A: Rules of Mainboard (the “Mainboard Rules”) as well as the 

SGX-ST’s Sustainability Reporting Guide. The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards have been 

referenced for reporting on material topics as it is used internationally as a reporting framework and 

provides a holistic framework for us to address social, environmental and governance topics. 

 

Nam Lee applies a standardised approach to data collection and analysis across our operations in 

Singapore and Malaysia.  

 

We have not sought independent external assurance of the data in this report. 

 

This report is available for download on Singapore Exchange Network (“SGXNET”).  

 

We welcome and value our stakeholders’ suggestions and feedback. Please address all feedback and 

suggestions to enquiry@namlee.com.sg . 

 

 

 

NAM LEE PRESSED METAL 

INDUSTRIES LIMITED



SINGAPORE

NL METALS SDN 

BHD (100%)



MALAYSIA

NL

MECHANICAL

ENGINEERING 

SDN BHD 

(100%)



MALAYSIA

NL Pressed Metal 

Pte Ltd (100%)



SINGAPORE

NAM LEE 

PRESSED METAL 

PTE LTD (100%)



SINGAPORE

SWAN METAL 

PRODUCTS SDN 

BHD (100%)



MALAYSIA

NAM LEE 

PRESSED METAL 

SDN BHD (100%)



MALAYSIA

NAM LEE 

INDUSTRIES 

SDN BHD 

(100%)



MALAYSIA


 

 

6 | P a g e 

 

BOARD STATEMENT  

 

The Board of Directors (“the Board”) is pleased to present Nam Lee Pressed Metal Industries Limited’s 

(“Nam Lee”) third sustainability report. The Board is responsible for the overall direction of the Group’s 

operations and business development while monitoring and reviewing corporate governance practices 

across all operations.  

 

Taking into consideration environmental, social and governance (ESG) - related risks in the process of 

decision making, we aim to integrate material ESG factors into our business strategy. We have adopted 

a phased disclosure of our sustainability performance which facilitates a strategic review of our material 

ESG impact and contributions each year, enabling us to track and strengthen our progress. 

 

Early 2020 witnessed a major disruption brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic, which has caused 

severe disruption to the global economy. The pandemic reminds us of the importance of integrating 

sustainability into our business. We firmly believe that building a sustainable business is vital to our 

continued success and that we must be fully accountable for our impact on the environment, our 

customers, our people and our community as well as its financial performance. 

 

We are committed to ensuring a sustainable future for our business and society and will continue to 

focus on value creation for our various stakeholders and partners that we work with whilst constantly 

striving to improve our commitment to ESG issues. 

 

 

 


 

 

7 | P a g e 

 

OUR APPROACH TO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

Engaging with stakeholders who are connected with the Group deepens our understanding of the 

evolving expectations and concerns and assists us in formulating better sustainability strategies. In order 

to gain a better understanding of their expectations and views about the Company’s environmental, 

social and governance (ESG) issues, we have been regularly engaging stakeholders since the preparation 

of our first sustainability report. While maintaining an ongoing dialogue with stakeholders as part of our 

day-to-day operations, we also review the relevance and significance of our stakeholders on an annual 

basis, and address new areas of concern as our Company continues to evolve. 

 

 

 



Stakeholder



Customers



Employees



Shareholders and Investors



Suppliers



Government and Regulators



Financier



Method of 

Engagement



Meetings – physical or virtual 

Telephone calls

Email communications



Regular staff meetings

Training and development 

programme



AGM/EGM meetings 

Announcement and circulars

Annual report



Meetings – physical or virtual 

Telephone calls

Email communications



Site visit and audit 

Direct communication and 

meetings



Annual report

Telephone calls

Email communications



Topics of 

Engagement



Business ethics

Product and service

Supply chain management



Employee benefit

Safety and equal opportunity

Training and development



Financial performance 

Corporate governance



Business ethics

Terms of supply

Supply chain management



Compliance with rules and 

regulations

Economic contribution



Financial covenants

Financial performance


 

 

8 | P a g e 

 

 

MATERIALITY ANALYSIS  

 

Nam Lee reviewed the relevance of the various ESG topics identified in FY2018 based on discussions 

with our internal and external stakeholders. In FY2020, we reviewed and refined our materiality matrix 

with input from our senior management, and further grouped these topics into 3 key Sustainability 

Focus Areas: 

1. Governance and Compliance 

2. Environmental Stewardship  

3. Employee Management 

We have also expanded the use of relevant GRI standards to report on the practices and performance of 

our material topics and will continue to review the material topics on an annual basis to ensure its 

relevance to our business. 

 

Sustainability Focus 

Areas 

Materiality Topics 

Relevant GRI Standards  

Governance and 

Compliance 

Anti-Corruption 

GRI 205-3 Anti-Corruption 

Socio-economic Compliance 

GRI 419-1 Socio-economic Compliance 

 

Environmental 

Stewardship 

Environmental Compliance 

GRI 307-1 Environmental Compliance 

Waste Management 

GRI 306-2 Waste 

Energy &amp; Emissions 

Management 

GRI 302-1 Energy 

GRI 305-2 Emissions 

Our Employees  

and Partners 

Employee Welfare 

GRI 401-1 Employment 

GRI 405-1 Diversity &amp; Equal Opportunity 

Employee Development 

GRI 404-1 Training &amp; Education 

Occupational Health &amp; Safety 

GRI 403-1 to GRI 403-7 Occupational Health 

and Safety 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

9 | P a g e 

 

SUSTAINABILITY FOCUS AREAS  

 

Governance and Compliance 

 

To ensure compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and the high standards that Nam Lee sets 

for itself, Nam Lee has adopted internal rules to govern the Company as well as processes for 

monitoring compliance with the external and internal rules by all units and functions in the Company.  

 

Dealing in securities 

The Company has an internal code of conduct with regards to dealings in the securities of the Company 

by the Directors and officers in the Group which is based on Listing Rule 1207(19). 

 

The Company issued a memo to all Directors and officers informing them that they are not permitted to 

deal in the Company’s shares during the period commencing one month before the announcement of 

the Company’s half-year financial statements and full-year financial statements, or if they are in 

possession of unpublished price-sensitive information of the Company. 

 

The Directors and employees are discouraged from dealing in the Company’s securities based on short-

term considerations. 

 

Directors are required to report to the Company Secretaries whenever they deal in the Company’s 

shares. Thereafter, the Company Secretaries update the Register of Directors’ Shareholdings and make 

the necessary announcements on SGXNET. 

 

Anti-Corruption (GRI 205-3) 

At Nam Lee, we maintain the highest ethical and governance standards and will not tolerate corrupt 

practices of any kind in our business operations. Our commitment to prevent corruption is clearly set 

out in our Company’s anti-corruption policies and the Code of Conduct which state that no staff should 

accept advantages, gifts or entertainment from our business partners, including suppliers and 

contractors. Our anti-corruption measures are well supported by our robust corporate governance 

framework. It enables stakeholders to raise concerns, in confidence, about possible improprieties in 

financial or other matters. In September 2020, we enhance our communication process by (a) updating 

our whistleblowing policy with illustrative scope and communication process; (b) publishing this in the 

corporate webpage for transparent communication to all stakeholders; and (c) harnessing technology to 

increase efficiency and security of reporting. Any report sent to the protected email address given in the 

policy statement will be automatically fed to the emails of independent directors without any human 

intervention.  Procedures have been established for the independent investigation of any such reports 

so that appropriate follow-up actions can be taken. For more information related to our corporate 

governance structure and practices, please refer to the Corporate Governance Report section of our 

Annual Report 2020. 

The independent directors have not received any compliant or report pertaining to financial or  

other substantive matters during the financial year. 

 


 

 

10 | P a g e 

 

 

Socioeconomic Compliance (GRI 419-1) 

Compliance with regulatory requirement remains one of our top priorities. We ensure our business is 

conducted in accordance with applicable laws in all jurisdictions that we operate in. Nam Lee continues 

to keep abreast of changing regulatory standards and requirements. This is especially pertinent with the 

evolving nature of regulatory provisions for governmental efforts to contain the COVID 19 pandemic. 

 

We have not received any significant fines or sanctions in FY2020 due to non-compliance with 

regulations or standards. We continue to maintain vigilance in managing regulatory requirements 

associated with operating in different business environments. 

 

Environmental Stewardship  

 

We recognise the impact our business activities may have on the environment and are committed to 

minimising our impact through a reduction in our energy consumption and our carbon footprint as well 

as managing our waste responsibly. Our chemical management program ensures that all chemicals used 

on site comply with applicable chemical regulations. Environmental and safety controls needed to 

protect personnel and the environment are identified and implemented. We procure chemicals from 

suppliers who we believe share our views on using a range of ethical products compliant with 

regulations.  Within our offices, we have in place various initiatives to conserve natural resources such 

as energy and water, and we also use FSC1-certified paper for our daily operations.  

 

Environmental Compliance (GRI 307-1) 

Nam Lee regularly conducts environmental, health, and safety (EHS) program self-assessments and 

internal audits to validate our site-level EHS compliance. The audits include in-depth documentation and 

records reviews, interviews with site management, and physical inspections related to EHS compliance. 

Nam Lee’s manufacturing sites in Malaysia are certified to ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management 

System in relation to fabrication and coating of metal products.  

 

We have no reports of environmental non-compliances in FY2020 and are committed to ensure that we 

continue to maintain high standards of environmental compliance. 

 

Waste Management (GRI 306-2) 

Waste management is an essential part of our day-to-day operation. We practise the 3R’s (reduce, reuse 

and recycle) waste hierarchy in order to extract the maximum practical benefits from materials and to 

generate the minimum amount of end waste. Nam Lee promotes processes to optimise resource usage 

and eventually move towards near zero waste processes. Our production facilities segregate the 

recyclable waste from general waste with clearly labelled recycling bins placed at designated areas to 

facilitate recycling efforts.  Our waste water treatment equipment within the plants treat waste water 

 

1FSC® - A forest certification granted by FSC (the Forest Stewardship Council) for materials or products including paper and 

pulp, and corrugated cartons that use properly managed forest resources. 


 

 

11 | P a g e 

 

from our production activities. The treated waste water is tested to ensure compliance with local 

discharge standards. 

 

No hazardous waste was disposed of in FY2020. Examples of waste that we send for recycling include 

carton boxes or other paper-based materials used for packaging, as well as scrap metal from the 

production processes.   The following table shows the quantities of non-hazardous waste which we have 

recycled during FY2020. 

Non-Hazardous Waste Recycled 

Waste Type 

Weight (kg) 

Aluminium 

58,503 

Mild Steel 

26,870 

Stainless Steel 

48,459 

Mixed Metal 

21,758 

 

Energy &amp; Emissions Management (GRI 302-1, 305-1) 

In our efforts to reduce  energy consumption, our offices are installed with electrical appliances which 

are rated as energy efficient such as LED light bulbs. The layouts of our production warehouses are 

structured  to optimise lighting. All employees are reminded frequently to switch off machines and 

lightings when not in use. 

 

In FY2020, Nam Lee’s total energy consumption by our Singapore operations was 3,225,394 MJ and our 

overall emissions was 375tCO2. We will continue to track and monitor the energy use and emissions 

from our various sites so that we can better understand activities that may have an impact on our 

energy use and from there, identify areas for improvement.  

 

Energy and Emissions from our Singapore operations  

Energy consumed in the organisation (MJ) 

3,225,394.27 MJ 

Scope 2 GHG Emissions (kg CO2) 

375,220.87 kg CO2 

Emission factors are based on Energy Market Authority (EMA) Electricity Grid Emission Factor (2018) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

12 | P a g e 

 

Employee Management  

 

Employees are our most valuable asset. As our business is labour-intensive, the health, safety and skills 

of our employees are of predominant importance to us. We aim to provide a comfortable and friendly 

working environment for all, enabling employees to approach challenges with a sense of purpose, 

innovativeness in approach, pride in work and achievement, and be appropriately evaluated for their 

performance.  

 

We are committed to providing an inclusive safe working environment with equal opportunities for 

continual development. Any form of discrimination based on colour, race, religion or any other 

distinguishing characteristics is not tolerated. We embrace diversity in gender, age, race, nationality, 

values and background to turn the energy and creativity generated by diversity into a source of strength.  

 

Employee Welfare (GRI 401-1, 401-2, 405-1)  

Our employees are entitled to health care benefits under the Group’s hospitalisation insurance plan, as 

well as to certain levels of medical care and dental care. Personal Accident Insurance Policy and 

Workmen Compensation Policies with disability coverage are also provided. Our employees are entitled 

to various leave such as annual, parental, compassionate, marriage and examination leave. Obligatory 

contributions are made to respective employees’ pension funds; Central Provident Fund (CPF) for 

Singapore employees and Employees Provident Fund (EPF) for Malaysian employees on a timely basis. In 

addition, we are constantly review our employment policies and remuneration practices to ensure 

compliance with updated employment laws,  keep up with the best industry practices and to provide 

optimal working conditions for our people. 

 

At the end of  FY2020, Nam Lee employed a total of 1,314 employees in Singapore and Malaysia. Due to 

the nature of our work, about 91% of our employees are male. The percentage of employees hired 

within the FY 2020 (hiring rate) was approximately 23.5% while the percentage of workers who left 

during the same period (turnover rate) was 19.0%.   

Profile of employees in Singapore and Malaysia as of 30th September 2020 

 

Singapore 

Malaysia 

Total 

Male 

341 

855 

1,196 

Female 

49 

69 

118 

Total Employees 

390 

924 

1,314 

 

Employee hiring and turnover rate in Singapore &amp; Malaysia 

 

 

No. of New Hires  

Hiring Rate (%) 

No. of Employee 

Turnover  

Turnover Rate (%) 

By Age 

Group 

Under 30 years old 

200 

15.2% 

114 

8.7% 

30-50 years old 

106 

8.1% 

123 

9.4% 

Over 50 years old 

3 

0.2% 

12 

0.9% 

By Gender 

Male 

264 

20.1% 

151 

11.5% 

Female 

45 

3.4% 

98 

7.5% 

 

 

 

 


 

 

13 | P a g e 

 

Employee Development (GRI 404-1) 

Nam Lee recognises that continual development of employees’ skills and knowledge is critical to 

maintaining a competitive, relevant and motivated workforce. Career development and performance 

management are established to align with corporate objectives. We continue to review and improve our 

career development and performance review process in a constantly evolving business environment. A 

variety of relevant training opportunities is arranged for all employees, specific to their job 

requirements.  Our training programmes cover a variety of areas catering for employees with different 

job scopes and skills-set requirements. Our core training curriculum and content are developed and 

guided by well-established industry and international standards. 

 

In FY2020, other than on the job training by more experienced staff, each employee received an average 

of about 1.93 hours of training. In light of the changing working environment, we continue to revise our 

training curriculum and programme to align them with our objectives and to strive for effectiveness and 

efficiency in our training approach. We will continue to enhance training per employee in FY2021. 

 

Training hours in FY2020 for our Singapore and Malaysia employees 

 

Average No. of Training Hours 

By Gender 

Male  

1.76 

Female  

0.17 

By Employee Category 

Management 

0.79 

Executive 

0.16 

Non-executive 

0.21 

General 

0.77 

 

 

Examples of training courses attended by employees 

Management 

Ethical and legal issues in procurement, Evaluation and Interpretation of financial reports, Financial 

analysis and business decision, Remuneration Committee essentials, Board Risk Committee essentials, 

Listing entity director essentials.  

Executive 

Microsoft Office, Workplace health &amp; safety in metal work   

Non-executive 

Building construction supervisor, Occupational first aid &amp; AED, Workplace safety and health in metal 

work.  

General 

Occupational first aid &amp; AED, Workplace safety and health in metal work, Managing work at height, WSQ 

Perform rigger and signalman tasks, Cladding, doors &amp; windows installation 

 

Workplace Health &amp; Safety (GRI 403-1 to 403-7) 

The safety and well-being of our employees are of prominent importance at Nam Lee. As a result of 

commitment to workplace safety, Nam Lee successfully attained the bizSAFE Star award and ISO 45001 

certification in Occupational Health and Safety Management. 

We instil stringent workplace safety measures and continuously monitor our performance to identify 

any gaps that may need improvement. A strong culture of workplace safety and well-being promotes 

higher productivity in the daily work activities of employees. Workplace safety awareness and training 

are provided to all employees to ensure adherence to adequate safety practices. Employees who engage 

in high risk work activities or who operate complex machineries are provided with additional training 

specific to their tasks. Daily toolbox meetings are conducted with employees and subcontractors to 

ensure everyone is aware of activities scheduled for that day and also to highlight specific health and 


 

 

14 | P a g e 

 

safety concerns. Workplace health and safety issues are highlighted in the monthly committee meetings 

with representation from the workers.  

 

 

Every worker is expected to report incidents or hazardous situations (including near misses) to their 

immediate supervisors. Management will then be informed and the cases documented. All cases are 

thoroughly investigated and the findings are reviewed by management. Root cause analysis is done to 

identify the cause and corrective measures put in place to avoid future recurrence. 

 

Nam Lee engages both external and in-house safety officers to ensure safety regulations are duly 

complied with. The external safety officer oversees compliance by Nam Lee with national regulations 

and safety rules by conducting spot checks within the premises and proposing improvements where 

necessary. The in-house safety officer, on the other hand, monitors the daily safety measures and 

continuously seeks ways to create a safer working environment. The in-house safety officer also 

conducts safety orientation briefings to all new employees on topics such as housekeeping rules, proper 

usage of personal protective equipment, safe operation of machinery as well as material handling 

procedures.  

 

In FY2020, there has no incident of occupational disease and work-related fatalities. Our safety record 

for FY2020 showed an Accident Frequency Rate (“AFR2”) of 7.12 and Accident Severity Rate (“ASR3”) of 

101.7 days. We are committed to continually improving our Workplace Health &amp; Safety performance by 

proactive management of the program and promoting a positive safety culture across all our operations.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2AFR measures the frequency of workplace accidents reported per one million man-hours worked. 

3ASR refers to the number of man-days lost to workplace accidents per one million man-hours worked. 


 

 

15 | P a g e 

 

OUR RESPONSE DURING COVID-19 

 

Our Employees 

Since the COVID-19 Circuit Breaker (“CB”) and Movement Control Order (“MCO”) was implemented in Singapore 

and Malaysia, respectively, Nam Lee has complied with the safe distancing requirements and safe management 

measures for workplaces in both countries. After the CB ended on 1 June 2020 in Singapore, flexible working 

hours have been implemented, including allowing employees to end work at 4pm and to commute during off-

peak hours. Respective Heads of Department (HOD) are involved in the assessment and review of work 

arrangements for their departments’ employees so as to establish suitable schedules such as alternate week 

buddy working system, or work from home for those who need to look after their family. The Company has also 

given free face masks and sanitiser to all our employees, and those who require additional supplies can request 

for more from our HR department.  

 

To ensure the health and safety of our employees during this time, we have used virtual meetings where possible, 

in place of physical meetings with our suppliers and customers, minimised social gatherings within the workplaces, 

increased the frequency of cleaning of common spaces in our offices, implemented daily checks for temperature 

and respiratory symptoms as well as  ‘SafeEntry’ requirements for all on-site employees and visitors in Singapore. 

 

No employees were retrenched during the period March 2020 to September 2020. Most of our employees who 

resigned this year were foreign employees who decided to head back to their home country after the end of their 

contract. Another large group of employees who were affected were Malaysians who commute daily across the 

Causeway. Since the MCO was imposed, they were unable to come back to Singapore to resume their work at 

Nam Lee.  

 

During the COVID-19 circuit breaker period in Singapore, employees were encouraged to attend online courses 

which were relevant to their work. The objective was to equip employees at all levels with the knowledge and 

skills required for their roles as well as to keep up to date with new platforms or software that would now be 

more important for them as they continue to work remotely. 

 

Our Customers and Suppliers  

In early stages of COVID-19, some of our suppliers from China and Malaysia were impacted by the lockdown put 

in place within their countries which in turn affected our supply chain. We also had to shut down our plant in 

Singapore during the CB period and in Malaysia during the MCO period. Since the CB was lifted in June 2020 in 

Singapore and the MCO conditions were progressively lifted or moderated, we were able to gradually resume our 

operations to fulfil orders or projects for our customers that were previously delayed.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

16 | P a g e 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

NAM LEE PRESSED METAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 

Company Registration Number: 197500362M 

 

21 Sungei Kadut Street 4  

Singapore 729048 

Tel: (65) 6257 5388 

Fax: (65) 6758 8134 

Email: enquiry@namlee.com.sg 

Website: www.namlee.com.sg  



