


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020








TABLE OF CONTENTS

OVERVIEW

BOARD STATEMENT

STAKEHOLDER

ENGAGEMENT

MATERIAL 

ESG FACTORS

SAFETY 

MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

ENVIRONMENTAL

PROTECTION

COMPLIANCE

HUMAN RESOURCES 

OVERVIEW

PUBLIC SERVICE

BUSINESSS

RESILIENCE

GRI CONTENT INDEX

04

03

09

14

15

05

11

06

12

07

13

NAM CHEONG LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

2






BOARD STATEMENT 

2020 was an unprecedented year for Nam Cheong Limited (“Nam 

Cheong”) since our humble beginnings as Nam Cheong Dockyard in 

1968. The COVID-19 pandemic led to extensive country lockdowns, 

border closures and supply chain disruptions.   

Crude oil price crashed in April 2020 before recovering gradually in 

the second half of 2020. This was driven by the coronavirus-induced 

global lockdowns, sudden dip in economic activity and negative 

sentiments. Reduced oil demand, suspension and postponement 

of drilling projects, as well as reduced capital expenditure by 

oil companies adversely impacted the Offshore Support Vessel 

(“OSV”) sector in terms of new build orders and charter volumes.

Notwithstanding the difficult circumstances, Nam Cheong Limited 

(“Nam Cheong”) and its subsidiaries (“the Group”) saw an increase 

in overall Group revenue in 2020, contributed by the sale and 

delivery of two vessels and steady growth in vessel chartering 

revenue. It was all hands on deck as the Board and Management 

focused on managing the COVID-19 situation, keeping operations 

going on a steady keel and responding to our customers’ needs. 

The prolonged nature of the COVID-19 pandemic was a stark 

reminder that much as Nam Cheong’s leadership had to pay 

attention to day to day matters, we needed to look beyond the 

horizon and ensure that the business remains viable and resilient 

over the long term. Hence the company doubled down on 

implementing sustainability policies and practices in 2020, as this 

would benefit all stakeholders and keep the company thriving in the 

years ahead. 

Based on inputs from Management, the Board reviewed the 

material environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) risks as well 

as new opportunities brought about by external circumstances. 

We assessed that last year’s material factors – safety first, 

environmental protection, compliance, caring for employees and 

giving back to the community – remained relevant. We identified 

an additional material factor for 2020, business resilience.  

Importantly, the Board worked closely with the Management to 

implement and monitor the progress of various initiatives relevant 

to the ESG factors. This allowed Nam Cheong to respond quickly to 

changing market conditions. 

This is the fourth edition of Nam Cheong’s annual sustainability 

report. It signifies our collective and continued commitment to 

running the business in a responsible, transparent and balanced 

manner. On behalf of all the Board Members, I would like to thank 

the Nam Cheong Management and staff for their hard work 

and commitment amidst challenging times. I am confident that 

sustainability will help us navigate a course towards safer and 

better times ahead for all our stakeholders. 

Tan Sri Datuk Tiong Su Kouk

Executive Chairman

NAM CHEONG LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

3








OVERVIEW 

Nam Cheong first adopted the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) 

Standards for the 2019 Sustainability Report in view of the GRI’s 

global recognition and stature as the leading sustainability reporting 

standard adopted by major corporations. We have decided to retain 

the GRI Standards for this year’s Sustainability Report, which has 

been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option. 

This report complies with the Singapore Exchange (“SGX”)’s 

Listing Rule 711A, which requires every listed issuer to prepare an 

annual sustainability report no later than 5 months after the end 

of the financial year. This sustainability report is for Nam Cheong’s 

financial year from 1 January to 31 December 2020 and covers the 

five primary reporting components as stipulated in SGX’s Listing 

Rule 711B, namely:

• 

Material environmental, social and governance factors;

• 

Policies, practices and performance;

• 

Targets;

• 

Sustainability reporting framework; and

• 

Board statement.

NAM CHEONG LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

4






STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Our stakeholders have a material voice and value-add to Nam 

Cheong’s operations, hence ongoing stakeholder engagement is 

essential to Nam Cheong’s long-term success. This was especially 

the case in 2020 when we needed to be close to our stakeholders 

to understand how they were impacted by the COVID-19 situation 

and what Nam Cheong could do in responding to their needs and 

expectations. 

There are several sets of important stakeholders with whom 

we engage regularly through formal and informal means. While 

we had to scale back our face-to-face interactions in line with 

social distancing requirements in 2020, this was compensated by 

adopting online communication channels. Stakeholders’ feedback 

and suggestions are invaluable in helping Nam Cheong fine-tune 

our business strategy and ensure we operate in a transparent and 

accountable manner. 

The stakeholder groups, modes of engagement and salient 

concerns are summarised in the adjacent table. 

Stakeholder Groups

Engagement Modes

Salient Concerns

1. Customers

• Marketing materials and promotional events

• Customers’ feedback (Including through electronic 

channels)

• Consistent meetings and regular networking

• Fair and transparent business practices

• Safe and reliable operations

• Cost-effective services

2. Suppliers &amp; Business Partners

• Regular meetings and networking sessions, including 

virtual meetings

• Correspondences through email and letters

• Fair and transparent business practices

• Good governance

3. Investors

• Annual General Meetings

• Comprehensive Investor Relations section on the 

corporate website (http://www.namcheong.com.my/)

• SGXNet announcements

• Briefings to analysts, investors and media

• Press releases

• Sound ESG policies and processes

• Safe, efficient and competitive operations

• Long-term business viability

4. Government &amp; Regulatory 

Agencies

• Regular correspondences, e.g. policy changes and 

COVID-19 related reporting and compliance matters 

• Interactions via corporate service providers such as 

the company secretary and share registrar

• Strong compliance practices, particularly 

in adhering to government regulations 

and guidelines on COVID-19

• Vigilance in environmental protection as 

well as occupational health and safety

5. Employees

• Two-way communication and feedback through 

various channels

• Training and development programmes

• Performance appraisals

• Competitive pay and benefits package

• Training and upgrading opportunities

• Fair employment practices

• Focus on workplace safety, health and job 

security

6. Community

• Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) programmes

• Media coverage

• Provision of social and economic 

opportunities

• Caring organization, including efforts 

to help the community arising from the 

economic impact of COVID-19





NAM CHEONG LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

5






Materiality Assessment

The table below elaborates why we assess the factors to be material and their significance to our stakeholders

Materiality 

Factors

Why Is It Material?

Why Is It Significant to Stakeholders?

1. Safety first

We remain fully committed to placing safety first, 

safeguarding life and limb, and addressing health 

and safety-related risks across all our workplaces. 

This ensures that operations can be carried in a 

smooth and responsible manner, especially given 

the COVID-19 situation in 2020. 

Safety is critical to building a trusting 

relationship with our employees, business 

partners and other stakeholders. We have a 

duty of care towards the people who work 

for and with us, which includes implementing 

comprehensive measures to deal with COVID-19 

health risks. 

2. Environmental 

protection

Responsible usage of resources (such as fuel 

and water) reduces the environmental impact on 

the ecology and makes us a prudent and cost-

effective organization. 

This is an ongoing effort that contributes 

towards a cleaner, greener and healthier 

environment as well as improves our economic 

performance.  

3. Compliance

As a listed entity accountable to our shareholders 

and the wider community, we must uphold strong 

corporate governance standards and adhere to 

the rules of the land. In particular, there is zero 

tolerance towards any form of corruption, bribery 

or other unethical practices.

Strong governance and corporate reputation have 

a long-term bearing on our stakeholders’ trust 

and willingness to invest in and work with us.

4. Caring for 

employees

We strive to be a socially conscious business by 

taking care of the local community on an ongoing 

basis. The community’s continued support is 

critical to the long-term viability and prosperity of 

Nam Cheong. 

Our stakeholders will perceive Nam Cheong as 

a good corporate citizen and trusted brand.

5. Giving back to 

the community

We strive to be a socially conscious business by 

giving back to the local community on an ongoing 

basis. The community's continued support is 

critical to the long-term viability and prosperity of 

Nam Cheong. 

Our stakeholders will perceive Nam Cheong as 

a good corporate citizen and trusted brand. 

5. Business 

resilience

We aim to build a culture of innovation, 

efficiency and agility to take advantage of new 

opportunities, so that we can weather through 

crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic and 

become a stronger organization.

Our stakeholders expect us to create value 

throughout good and adverse times.

MATERIAL ESG FACTORS

Identifying Material ESG Factors

In line with the GRI reporting principles, NCL’s material factors are those with significant economic, 

environmental, social and governance impacts on the wider community, and which would substantively 

influence the assessment and decision making of the key stakeholders.  

Similar to the previous year, we followed a multi-step approach in identifying the material ESG factors in 

2020: 

• 

We consulted our stakeholders and noted their salient concerns. 

• 

We reviewed external sustainability developments and trends, such as the urgency to tackle COVID-19 

as a health and economic crisis, and work towards a global and green economic recovery. 

• 

We considered what our international peers were focusing on in terms of their ESG policy and 

programmes. 

• 

Nam Cheong’s Management shortlisted the ESG factors and scrutinised the impact, risk profile and 

efforts to deal with the challenges. 

• 

The material ESG factors were subsequently reviewed and approved by the Board.  

After considering the concerns of the various stakeholder groups and assessing the external and internal 

impacts, we assessed that the 2019’s material ESG factors continued to be relevant for 2020: 

1. Safety first – Workplace safety, safe operations and chartering. 

2. Environmental protection – Improving fuel efficiency, reducing carbon emissions and implementing 

proper waste management.

3. Compliance – Conformity with environmental, safety, labour and anti corruption regulations and 

procedures.

4. Caring for employees – Training, competency building and fair employment practices.  

5. Giving back to the community – Providing economic opportunities and community assistance. 

Because of the volatile economic climate and concerns from various stakeholders, we identified an 

additional material ESG factor for 2020: 

6. Business resilience – Adapting and responding quickly and effectively to external and internal 

business shocks. 

NAM CHEONG LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

6






SAFETY FIRST

At Nam Cheong, safety is of paramount importance across our shipyards, offices, operations and 

chartering business. This forms the backbone of smoothly-run and incident-free operations vital for 

sustainable long-term growth.

Corporate COVID-19 Safety Measures

We initiated our COVID-19 safety measures in February 2020, in view of the emerging international risks. 

Our approach was to comply with all local safety and quarantine regulations, keep abreast of the latest 

advisories, minimise face-to-face interactions, and provide all employees with the necessary safety 

equipment and work support. 

We issued and regularly updated a set of Standard Operating Procedures on Workforce Safety and 

Readiness, which was communicated to all employees. The comprehensive suite of measures, which 

continued into 2021 because of the prolonged nature of the pandemic, included the following: 

• 

Implement a Business Continuity Plan whereby employees rotate between working from home and at 

the office, in compliance with the prevailing regulatory requirements in Malaysia and Singapore.  

• 

Use audio and video conferencing means to conduct meetings where possible. 

• 

Minimise all forms of travel, unless it is essential. Any travel requires the prior approval of the staff’s 

Head of Department. Upon return from business travel, the staff is required to clear a COVID-19 

diagnostic test prior to returning to work. 

• 

Nominated Safety Wardens will take temperatures at the workplaces on a daily basis. 

• 

All staff have to check in using the QR Code system, use sand sanitizers, observe the 1 metre safe 

distancing requirement, and wear a face mask at work at all times. 

• 

Any staff who has symptoms of fever, cough and shortness of breath is required to seek immediate 

medical attention. Any medical leave or quarantine orders must be strictly complied with. 

• 

An Emergency Response Team has been set up to deal with any suspected case of COVID-19 

infection in the office. 

Safety Management System

SKOM Sdn Bhd (formerly known as SK Offshore and Marine Sdn Bhd) (“SKOM”) was established by Nam 

Cheong in 2016 as the dedicated ship management subsidiary to enhance control, safety and operational 

efficiency. Nam Cheong’s SKOM Safety Culture follows the International Maritime Organisation (“IMO”) 

Safety Management System (“SMS”) code. 

Nam Cheong has put in place internal and external audit programmes to ensure that we comply with the 

IMO standards. In 2020, the American Bureau of Shipping (“ABS”) and Lloyds Register were appointed 

as SKOM’s external auditors to ensure compliance with the IMO’s International Safety Management 

(“ISM”), International Ship and Port Facility Security (“ISPS”) and Maritime Labour Convention (“MLC”) 

requirements. 

SKOM has a dedicated Health, Safety, Security, and Environment (“HSSE”) team. The 7-person team is 

in charge of two areas – Strategic and Operations. The Strategic HSSE portfolio covers quality, tender 

vetting, training, procedure development and administrative tasks. The Operations HSSE portfolio looks 

into the day-to-day operational tasks, client interfacing and vessel audits.  

Onboard Safety Policies and Procedures

A Business Continuity Plan was developed in March 2020, with a drill carried out onboard SK Paragon in 

March 2020 in Labuan. This was one of the first ships to carry out a drill for COVID-19 outbreak onboard 

the vessel prior to regulations introduced by health authorities.

The following COVID-19 management guidelines were adopted onboard our vessels in 2020: 

• 

Crew change quarantine requirements were implemented.

• 

Provision of COVID-19 Personal Protective Equipment (“PPE”) such as face masks, isolation gowns 

and hand sanitizers.

• 

Daily sanitation routines and temperature log monitoring.

• 

All personnel were required to be screened prior to boarding the vessels, which included valid Rapid 

Test Kit (“RTK”) and Polymerase Chain Reaction (“PCR”) tests, temperature checking and 14 days’ 

movement history declaration.

• 

Shore leave was restricted and granted only for medical purposes with management’s approval.

• 

Risk Assessments and Standard Operating Procedures (“SOPs”) were developed for managing close 

contacts and positive cases onboard, which included transferring of close contacts and positive 

cases from platform to ship and to shore, as well as the management of their belongings and food 

delivery to isolation rooms until they were transferred onshore.

In addition, our vessels had to comply with the local authorities’ health and safety requirements. For 

instance, crew were subjected to quarantine upon movements between districts and required to standby 

within designated hotels prior to signing on.



NAM CHEONG LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

7






Key Metrics

2016

2017

2018

2019 

2020

Man Hours

130,190

488,579

1,005,245

1,793,120 

2,718,593

Fatalities

0

0

0

0

0

Loss Time Injury (LTI) based on 

Days Away from Work Cases

0

0

0

0

0

Restricted Work Cases

0

0

0

0

1

Medical Treatment Cases

1

1

3

1

0

Total Recordable Cases

1

1

3

1

1

Total Recordable Incident Rate  

(TRIR) based on 200,000 hours

1.536

0.409

0.597

0.1

0.07

Total Recordable Case Frequency 

(TRCF) based on 1,000,000 hours

7.6

2.0

2.9

0.55

0.37

From 2016 to 2020, SKOM achieved exponential growth in man-hours while ensuring zero workplace 

incident fatalities and LTI. This is a testament to ongoing efforts in boosting safety standards and 

developing a safety-first culture onboard the vessels, which includes having a detailed Hazards and 

Effects Management process as codified in the Risk Management Manual. 

SKOM’s Total Recordable Incident Rate (“TRIR”) and Total Recordable Case Frequency (“TRCF”) ratios 

had trended downwards during this period. The performance for 2020 was better than the previous years 

and was within our long-term target of keeping the TRCF to below 0.5, which is the industry benchmark. 

Employees’ active feedback and involvement – such as through Unsafe Act, Unsafe Condition (“UAUC”) 

observations and submissions – are important inputs for the annual review and approval of safety 

policies. As part of the overall HSSE plan, SKOM runs a Health Risk Assessment (“HRA”) programme 

for employees. HRA materials are periodically cascaded to all employees to promote awareness and 

encourage them to take personal responsibility in health and wellness matters. 

SAFETY FIRST (CON’T)

Safety Targets and Performance

SKOM aims to have zero personal injuries with a target of zero Loss Time Injury (“LTI”) every year. 

Loss Time Injury refers to any injury sustained by an employee resulting in the employee missing work. 

SKOM’s safety performance from 2016 to 2020 is shown below. 



NAM CHEONG LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

8




ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION

Cleaner Fuel and Climate Action

Nam Cheong has a strong focus on building and operating a 

fuel-efficient fleet. This makes our product and service offerings 

cost-effective and competitive in the market place. It also helps 

us to protect the environment by reducing air pollution and carbon 

emissions. 

The IMO is committed to minimizing greenhouse gas (“GHG”) 

emissions from international shipping and aims to reduce carbon 

intensity across international shipping by at least 40% by 2030 and 

pursuing efforts towards 70% by 2050. Furthermore, the IMO aims 

to reduce absolute carbon emissions by at least 50% by 2050. 

The IMO has articulated a GHG strategy that includes design 

and technical measures, operational measures and innovation-

centred measures. Collectively, this will reduce carbon emissions 

progressively and measurably from the business-as-usual scenario. 

On 1 January 2020, the IMO’s new limit on the sulphur content in the 

fuel oil used by ships came into effect. This rule limits the sulphur 

content onboard ships operating outside designated emission 

control areas to 0.5% m/m (mass by mass), a significant reduction 

from the previous limit of 3.5%. This will have strong health and 

environmental benefits globally because sulphur dioxides are not 

only harmful to human health, they can lead to acid rain and ocean 

acidification, thus impacting crops, forests and aquatic species. 

• 

Nam Cheong supports the IMO’s policies through the following 

policies and actions: 

• 

We design vessels with advance technologies that are fuel 

efficient, environmentally friendly, operationally flexible and cost-

effective. Our current NCP4000E and NCA80E vessel models 

incorporate the latest marine technologies and fuel efficiency 

elements such as the use of medium speed diesel engines for 

main generators (instead of high-speed diesel) and lean concept 

electric drives, which results in lower CO2 emissions by about 

7% to 10%. 

• 

In our daily operations, the Engineering team holds regular 

internal meetings to improve efficiency, optimize fuel usage 

and discuss ways to comply with the latest regulations. One 

of the current studies is incorporating battery-powered electric 

propulsion as an operational measure to reduce carbon 

emissions, e.g. using the electric propulsion’s battery power 

partially at sea and fully in port areas. 

• 

We invest in research and development. We are keeping a 

close watch on the latest energy efficient machinery, promoting 

greater use of diesel electric propulsion with potential of 

integrating battery hybrid and/or use of dual fuel (liquefied 

natural gas (“LNG”) or bio-fuel) engines, hull coatings, big data 

acquisition and analytics, automation and unmanned control, 

optimizing vessel size and hull shape, speed optimization, 

speed reduction and weather routing. In the long term, we aim 

to replace marine fuel oil fully with low carbon LNG, carbon-

neutral bio-fuels or even zero carbon fuel (such as hydrogen and 

ammonia).





NAM CHEONG LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

9




Fleet Overview

Aggregate Fuel Usage in 

2020

Estimated Carbon 

Emissions (Scope 1)1

• Anchor Handling Tug Supply Vessels – 15

• Platform Supply Vessels – 6

• Accommodation Work Boats – 5

• Accommodation Work Barge – 1

• Standby Vessel - 1

48,000 tonnes (marine 

gas oil)

139,502 tonnes (CO2)2

Waste Management

SKOM has a target of no harm to the environment. The vessels under SKOM track the amount, type and 

discharge point of all vessel-generated waste. All waste is recorded as hazardous and non-hazardous 

waste. Since 2019, SKOM has included the tracking of cargo residuals and tank washing wastes. There 

is also an e-waste category, which includes any electronic equipment, including its components, sub-

assemblies and consumables when disposed of as waste materials. SKOM adheres to the International 

Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships (“MARPOL”), which prescribes that no waste is to 

be discharged into the sea to minimise pollution and reduce adverse impact on marine life. 

Ballast water is used to stabilize vessels at sea. While it is critical for safe and efficient operations, 

it can pose ecological issues if not managed properly due to marine species carried in the ballast 

water. To prevent the unintended transfer of invasive species and impact on indigenous marine life, 

the   International Convention for the Control and Management of Ships’ Ballast Water and Sediments 

(“BWM Convention”) was adopted by the IMO Member States and came into force on 8 September 2017. 

SKOM’s vessels comply with the Convention, such as implementing a ballast water management plan 

and carrying a ballast water record book. Nam Cheong had taken the proactive step of implementing 

Regulation D-3 of the Convention on some vessels built in 2012, ahead of the Convention’s enforcement 

in 2017. Regulation D-3 requires that ballast water management systems must be approved by the IMO.   

SKOM’s operations in 2020 did not record any adverse impact on nature areas or biodiversity. The 

vessels’ cargo handling systems were designed to contain any onboard oil spills and minimise the 

environmental impact. Thanks to well-documented procedures and staff vigilance, there were no 

recorded incidents of onboard oil spills in the Safety Management System.

ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION (CON’T)

SKOM encourages prudent fuel oil usage through operational guidelines such as Fuel Management Plans 

and providing consumption benchmarks for the vessels to adhere to. SKOM does not set targets on the 

fuel usage and carbon emissions because it does not control the chartered vessels’ movements, which 

are determined by SKOM’s customers. SKOM will continue to track the fuel usage and explore ways to 

work with its customers on improving fuel efficiency and reducing the operations’ carbon footprint.  

1 According to the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard, Scope 1 emissions are direct emissions from an organization’s owned or controlled sources.

2 The conversion from fuel usage to CO2 emissions is based on the IMO’s emission factor of 3.2. 

Fuel Usage

SKOM tracks the fuel usage of its operating fleet through a Daily Average Fuel Consumption Report 

submitted by each vessel. The table below shows 2020’s aggregate annual fuel usage for the fleet under 

SKOM’s management and the estimated carbon emissions. 

NAM CHEONG LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

10




COMPLIANCE

Compliance Philosophy

Compliance and good governance are critical for Nam Cheong as 

an established and publicly listed corporate citizen. Compliance, 

insofar as adhering to applicable domestic and international laws 

and regulations, cuts across all our areas of work. 

Our corporate philosophy towards ensuring good compliance is as 

follows: 

• 

The external environment is dynamic and we have to constantly 

adapt and pivot how we conduct our business, which includes 

understanding new rules and mitigating governance risks, 

particularly with reference to the COVID-19 situation. 

• 

We constantly educate our people on regulatory matters and 

instil in them the individual and collective responsibility to follow 

all rules and report any form of wrongdoing. 

• 

We have an in-house compliance unit to advise on key 

compliance issues, clarify doubts and provide an added level of 

assurance. 

Nam Cheong keeps a watchful eye on several business-critical 

areas: safety, labour laws, environmental protection as well as anti-

bribery and anti-corruption. These areas are important because any 

infringements can result in business disruptions, impact to life and 

limb, as well as reputational loss. There are various SOPs in place 

to check on the performance and compliance standards, including 

onboard the vessels. Safety, labour matters and environmental 

protection are material ESG factors and have been discussed in the 

other sections of this Sustainability Report. 

Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption

Nam Cheong has in place a clear and extensive anti-bribery and 

anti-corruption policy that applies to all employees and external 

business partners. Critical aspects of this policy include: 

• 

The Company’s officers and employees shall be responsible 

for upholding the anti-bribery and anti-corruption policy and 

adhering to relevant laws in any jurisdiction where our business 

operates. 

• 

We are committed to conducting business in an ethical and 

honest manner, and implementing systems to prevent bribery. 

• 

We have zero tolerance for bribery and corrupt activities.

• 

Any officer, employee or business partner who commits a 

violation, fails to report potential violations or misleads or 

hinders investigators inquiring into potential violations shall be 

subject to disciplinary action.   

Any non-compliance will be handled in accordance with the internal 

processes in place, which will include whether any punishment is 

deemed appropriate. In any event of a major non-compliance (such 

as criminal activity), a police report will be lodged accordingly. 

In 2020, there were no cases of corruption or bribery-related 

investigations or disciplinary actions.

Whistle Blowing System

Nam Cheong has a Whistle Blowing System for employees to 

confidentially report on any form of improper behaviour, which 

includes alleged corruption or bribery-related activities.  

Employees can provide their whistle blowing observations and 

concerns in writing, through the telephone or in person. All reports 

are sent directly to Nam Cheong’s Human Resource Department 

and to the Audit Commitee.  

Nam Cheong shall investigate any received disclosures fully and 

promptly. All disclosures are treated with the strictest confidence 

and employees who report any suspicious activities in good faith 

will be protected against possible retaliation. 

In 2020, we did not receive any disclosures of alleged corruption or 

bribery-related activities through the Whistle Blowing System. 

NAM CHEONG LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

11




CARING FOR EMPLOYEES

Human Resource Overview

Nam Cheong focuses on the comprehensive development and 

wellbeing of all staff, and our Human Resource (“HR”) policies 

are communicated to all staff through briefings and the employee 

handbook. We constantly cultivate a positive work environment 

at all levels that empowers and motivates all employees to learn, 

grow and contribute. This is recognising that our people make the 

difference in running safe and smooth operations, keeping our 

customers happy, and ensuring that our business practices are 

honest and sustainable. 

2020 was a challenging year for the business and our people 

because of the extensive impact of COVID-19. We implemented a 

pay adjustment exercise to moderate our wage costs, and tapped 

on government wage subsidies for eligible employees in Malaysia 

and Singapore. A recruitment freeze was implemented in April 

2020. The various measures enabled us to sustain employment 

without the need for retrenchment. 

In 2020, we had 231 (compared to 245 in 2019) onshore employees 

on our payroll, of whom 99% were based in Malaysia and 1% in 

Singapore at the end of the year. The 231 employees excluded 

offshore crew who were engaged on short-term contracts based on 

vessel on/off requirements.

We adhere strictly to the labour laws in Malaysia and Singapore, 

including the statutory retirement ages. When an employee reaches 

his or her retirement age and is eligible for re-employment, Nam 

Cheong will provide an option of a fixed term contract, renewable 

annually. 

Training and Development

Nam Cheong continued our longstanding focus on training and 

development to enhance our people’s functional efficiency and long-

term employability. We invested in a 12% increase in total training 

hours in 2020 compared to 2019, despite facing challenges such as 

cancellation of classroom training, reduction in claimable funding 

from the government, and the need to transition and adapt to online 

classes.

Our training courses focused on the following areas: 

• 

Leadership Management for supervisory level.

• 

NAV and NS5 Workboat training on the new implementation of 

NS5 fleet management system.

• 

Project Management for Marine Operation supervisor level.

• 

Crew Management for Marine Operation crewing personnel.

• 

Dynamic Positioning Awareness for Marine operation’s technical 

service and Operation personnel.

• 

3G Flux Core Arc Welding (“FCAW”) for semi-skilled workers 

from Miri.

Nam Cheong adheres to strict standards in terms of the training 

delivery and outcomes. All of Nam Cheong’s internal and external 

courses are selected in accordance to respective industry and 

charter requirements and best practices. Trainers will have to be 

registered with or accredited by the relevant industry authorities 

such as SkillsFuture Singapore and the Malaysian Human 

Resources Development Fund.  

In 2020, 175 of our offshore staff strength of 245 were eligible for 

performance evaluation and all 175 employees went through the 

exercise. This was to assess which employees would qualify for 

promotion and career development opportunities. 



7.08

2019



27.11

2020

Training Hours Per Employee

Nam Cheong is committed to equipping its workforce with the 

necessary knowledge and skills. 133 of our 231 employees took 

part in training in 2020. Training hours per onshore employee 

increased significantly from 7.08 hours in 2019 to 27.11 hours in 

2020 because of the substantial investment in 3G FCAW training. 

This exceeded our target of 8 hours of training per onshore 

employee. For offshore crew, the training periods ranged from 1 

to 4 days, depending on each customer’s needs and compliance 

requirements.

NAM CHEONG LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

12




GIVING BACK TO THE COMMUNITY

Employment and Economic Opportunities

As a company founded in 1968, Nam Cheong’s salient community 

contributions have consistently been in creating steady employment 

and economic opportunities for Malaysians and Singaporeans, the 

two countries where our company operates. This is in line with our 

belief that the best way to help the local community is to provide 

meaningful and stable jobs. 

It is stated in our recruitment policies that “The principle of equal 

employment prohibits discrimination in employment on the basis 

of race, colour, religion, gender, national origin, age and disability 

unrelated to job requirement, genetic information or other protected 

status.” Equal employment allows Nam Cheong to attract good 

people from a wider talent pool and contribute back across social 

boundaries. There were no incidents or reports of any form of 

employment discrimination in 2020. 

In 2020, our workforce had a 26:74 female to male gender ratio and 

drew from diverse ethnic and national backgrounds, as shown in the 

charts below. 

Public Service

In 2020, Nam Cheong’s Executive Chairman Tan Sri Datuk Tiong 

continued to serve on various school boards and was an active 

volunteer in various clan and business associations. This included 

Tai Sri Datuk Tiong serving as the Honorary Life President of the 

Sibu Chinese Chamber of Commerce and Industry and the Honorary 

President of The Associated Chinese Chambers of Commerce and 

Industry of Sarawak (“ACCCIS”). Such public service platforms 

allowed Nam Cheong to engage the local communities, understand 

their developmental needs so that we could contribute more 

effectively through economic and social means. 

Community Giving

Our employees carried out a charity fund raising campaign, 

BERSAMAMU, in November 2020, raising RM 9,316 for Mercy 

Malaysia. Mercy Malaysia (“MERCY”) is a non-profit organization 

founded in 1999 that provides medical relief, sustainable health 

development, risk reduction and other humanitarian services in 32 

countries. In March 2020, MERCY launched a COVID-19 Pandemic 

Fund to meet the medical and other essential needs of marginalised 

groups within Malaysia.

Onshore Employees by Ethnicity

60%

56%

Bumiputera

Chinese

35%

39%

Indian

2.0%

2.0%

Others

3%

3%

2020

2019

Onshore Employees by Nationality

90%

90%

Malaysia

Singapore

3%

3%

Others

7%

7%

2020

2019













NAM CHEONG LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

13




BUSINESS RESILIENCE

The COVID-19 crisis has demonstrated the fragility of global supply 

chains and unpredictability of business conditions. COVID-19 has 

been preceded by the spread of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome 

(“SARS”) and Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (“MERS”), and it 

is conceivable that even after the global economy recovers from 

COVID-19, there could be other global pandemics in the future. 

In a world where the only certainty is uncertainty, Nam Cheong 

must continually look at how it has to manage better for resilience 

whereby we take active measures to cushion against business 

shocks, prepare for the recovery, and strengthen ourselves 

organisationally when times are good. This way, we can ride out the 

volatility that is brought about by business cycles and global crises. 

Whether our measures to develop and sustain business resilience 

have been successful would be reflected in Nam Cheong’s 

corporate performance over the long-term.  

Driving Innovation

One critical aspect of business resilience is driving innovation 

so that we stay ahead of our competition in meeting customers’ 

needs. One of the two vessels built and delivered in 2020 from was 

a NCA80E Anchor Handling Tug Supply (“AHTS”) vessel, which 

was designed in-house and used a fuel-efficient diesel-electric 

propulsion system to reduce carbon emissions. We also launched a 

new NS5 Fleet Management System for our OSV chartering system. 

We monitor market developments very closely so that we can 

develop new service and product offerings to capture new 

opportunities. For instance, because of the urgent global push 

towards decarbonisation of power production, fixed offshore 

wind turbines have been growing rapidly and we are looking at the 

potential for OSV services to serve this emerging market segment.   

Diversification and Efficiency

Another two aspects of managing for resilience are diversifying our 

revenue streams and running efficient operations throughout the 

organization. In 2007, we expanded beyond our core shipbuilding 

business by starting vessel chartering operations. This strategy has 

served us well as vessel chartering has become a major contributor 

to the top line, especially in 2020. 

At all levels of the organization, we constantly stress the need 

to run operations efficiently as this reduces costs and allows us 

to serve our customers better. In 2020, most of our staff worked 

remotely and made good use of Microsoft Office 365, particularly 

the built-in tools such as Teams and SharePoint to facilitate 

virtual communications and collaboration. There was also a 

greater awareness and acceptance on the implementation of a 

“paperless” office as documents were routed, approved and stored 

electronically. This speeded up work processes and reduced the 

use of paper.  

NAM CHEONG LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

14




GRI CONTENT INDEX

GRI Standards

Page Number/External Reference

GRI 102: GENERAL DISCLOSURES 

Organisation Profile

102-1

Name of the organization

Page 1

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services

Corporate website (http://www.namcheong.com.my/) 

102-3

Location of headquarters

Corporate website 

102-4 

Location of operations

Corporate website

102-5 

Ownership and legal form

Corporate website

102-6

Markets Served

Corporate website

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Corporate website 

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Page 12 (Human Resource Overview)

102-9 

Supply chain

Corporate website

102-10

Significant changes to organisation and its supply chain

Nil

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach

Nam Cheong is committed to environmental protection. If 

there are reasonable grounds for us to exercise caution, even 

if scientific evidence is unavailable or inconclusive, we will 

endeavour to minimize any environmental harm

102-12

External initiatives

Page 7 (IMO Safety Management System code), page 9 (IMO 

Greenhouse Gas Strategy)

102-13

Membership of associations

Page 13 (Public Service)

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision maker

Page 3 (Board Statement) 

Ethics and Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour

Page 11 (Compliance Philosophy)

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

Corporate website

NAM CHEONG LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

15




GRI Standards

Page Number/External Reference

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Page 5 (Stakeholder Engagement) 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements

Nam Cheong’s employees are not covered under any collective 

bargaining agreement

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Page 5 (Stakeholder Engagement)

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Page 5 (Stakeholder Engagement)

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Page 5 (Stakeholder Engagement)

Reporting Practice

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

Annual Report available on the corporate website 

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

Page 4 (Overview) 

102-47

List of material topics

Page 6 (Material ESG Factors)

102-48

Restatements of information

Nil

102-49

Changes in reporting 

Nil

102-50

Reporting period

Page 4 (Overview)

102-51

Date of most recent report

May 2020

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

Enquiries can be emailed to: (enquiry@ncl.com.sg)

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with GRI Standards

Page 4 (Overview) 

102-55

GRI content index

Page 15 (GRI Content Index) 

102-56

External assurance

Nil

TOPIC-SPECIFIC STANDARDS

Safety

GRI: 103: Management Approach 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Page 6 (Material ESG Factors)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Page 7 (Safety Management System), Page 11 (Compliance) 

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Page 8 (Safety Targets and Performance)

GRI CONTENT INDEX

NAM CHEONG LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

16




GRI Standards

Page Number/External Reference

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety

403-1

Occupational health and safety management system

Page 7 (Safety Management System)

403-2

Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident 

investigation

Page 7 (Safety Management System)

403-3

Occupational health services

Page 7 (Safety Management System)

403-4

Worker participation, consultation, and communication on 

occupational health and safety 

Page 8 (Safety Targets and Performance)

403-5

Worker training on occupational health and safety

Page 8 (Safety Targets and Performance)

403-6

Promotion of worker health

Page 8 (Safety Targets and Performance)

403-7

Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety 

impacts directly linked by business relationships

Page 7 (Safety Management System)

403-8

Workers covered by an occupational health and safety 

management system

Page 7 (Safety Management System)

403-9

Work-related injuries

Page 8 (Safety Targets and Performance)

403-10

Work-related ill health

Page 8 (Safety Targets and Performance)

Environmental Protection

GRI: 103: Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Page 6 (Material ESG Factors)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Page 9 (Cleaner Fuel and Climate Action), Page 10 (Waste 

Management), Page 11 (Compliance)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Page 9 (Cleaner Fuel and Climate Action), Page 10 (Waste 

Management)

GRI 305: Emissions 

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Page 9 (Fuel Usage)

GRI CONTENT INDEX

NAM CHEONG LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

17




GRI Standards

Page Number/External Reference

GRI 306: Effluents and Waste 2016

306-1

Water discharge by quality and destination

Page 10 (Waste Management)

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

Page 10 (Waste Management)

306-3

Significant spills

Page 10 (Waste Management)

306-4

Transport of hazardous waste

Page 10 (Waste Management)

306-5

Water bodies affected by water discharges and/or runoff

Page 10 (Waste Management)

Compliance

GRI: 103: Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Page 6 (Material ESG Factors)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Page 11 (Compliance)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Page 11 (Compliance)

GRI 205: Anti-Corruption

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption

Page 11 (Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption)

205-2

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies 

and procedures

Page 11 (Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption)

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

Page 11 (Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption)

Human Resource

GRI: 103: Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Page 6 (Material ESG Factors)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Page 12 (Human Resource Overview)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Page 12 (Human Resource Overview)

GRI CONTENT INDEX

NAM CHEONG LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

18




GRI Standards

Page Number/External Reference

GRI 404: Training and Education 

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

Page 12 (Training and Development)

404-2

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 

assistance programs

Page 12 (Training and Development)

404-3

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and 

career development reviews

Page 12 (Training and Development)

Community Impact

GRI: 103: Management Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Page 6 (Material ESG Factors)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Page 13 (Employment and Economic Opportunities)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Page 13 (Employment and Economic Opportunities)

GRI 406: Non-Discrimination 

406-1

Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken

Page 13 (Employment and Economic Opportunities)

GRI 413: Local Communities 

413-1

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programs

Page 13 (Public Service)

413-2

Operations with significant actual and potential negative 

impacts on local communities

Nil

Business Resilience

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

Page 14 (Business Resilience)

103-2

The management approach and its components

Page 14 (Business Resilience), (Driving Innovation), 

(Diversification and Efficiency)

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Page 14 (Business Resilience)

GRI CONTENT INDEX

NAM CHEONG LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

19




www.namcheong.com.my

