

















Over the years, Nam Cheong Limited (“the Company” or “Nam Cheong”, and together with its subsidiaries, 

“the Group”) has taken many initiatives which are essential to sustaining of the Group’s businesses.

Given the increasing vessels’ fleet size, the Company constantly strives to improve amongst others, cost and 

operational efficiency, crew’s health, safety and welfare, while continuing to commit to environment and 

society. Nam Cheong’s sustainability strategy is aligned with its vision of “creating consistent value growth 

through innovative supply chain solutions and unique partnerships” where business viability is ensured during 

the downturn in oil and gas industry without jeopardizing the environment for future generations.












In the NEW BUILDING sector, the Company has

invested in green technology and developed guidelines

to enhance the vessels’ productivity and efficiency while

continuing to be responsible in social and environmental

development.








NEW BUILDING

Since 2013, Nam Cheong has collaborated with some well-known ship designers with the intention to design vessels 

of advance technologies with features that are more fuel efficient, environmentally friendly, operationally flexible and

cost-effective. Nam Cheong has since rolled out ship designs which aim at substantial reduction of CO 2, NOX and

SOX. SOX is further reduced with the burning of marine gas fuel that contains lower than 0.5% Sulphur (well

before regulation comes into force on 1 January 2020). The electric propulsion configuration also incorporates the

closed bus-tie concept and provision for future upgrade to battery hybrid.

Nam Cheong is now working on 

greater use of LNG fuelled and 

battery technology in the next 

phase of ship design development.




NEW BUILDING

Measures are taken to promote environmental awareness

Nam Cheong’s engineering team continues to observe the latest development in statutory regulations 

especially in environmental issues. The team holds regular internal meetings to provide essential updates, to 

discuss on how to comply with the latest regulations, proactively or voluntarily.

For some regulations such as ballast water treatment systems, Nam Cheong took a proactive role in 

implementing the D-3 solution on some vessels built in 2012 (years ahead of the BWM Convention was 

enforced on 8 September 2017).

Regulations such as the Ship Energy Efficiency Management Plan (SEEMP) required by regulation 22 of 

MARPOL Annex VI, where vessels are required to comply with the mandatory Part I, provides a possible 

platform for monitoring of ship and fleet efficiency performance over time, and some options to be considered 

when seeking to optimize the performance of the ship. As part of the planning process, the Company is 

considering to voluntarily implement Part II, which is to provide the methodologies ships of 5,000 gross 

tonnage (Nam Cheong’s vessels have lower gross tonnage) and above should be used to collect the data 

required pursuant to regulation 22A of MARPOL Annex VI and the processes that the ship should use to report 

the data to the ship's Administration or any organization duly authorized by it.




NEW BUILDING

Nam Cheong aims to comply to a number of regulatory compliances related 

with carbon dioxide emission and environmental issues

• IMO regulation on ballast water BWM Convention was initially supposed to be enforced on 8 Sep 2017

but IMO amended the deadline for ships to install BWTS from date of 1st IOPP survey after the

Convention’s entry into force to 1st IOPP after 8 Sep 2019, effectively adding 2 years to the global

installation process, which would then be completed by 2024 instead of 2022. On this, some the vessels

are already in compliant and the Company will strive for the remaining vessels to be in compliant before

the regulation is enforced.

• IMO regulation on diesel engine exhaust emission Tier III (NOX reduction) (was enforced on 1 January

2016), which is only applicable for vessels going to NECA areas. For OSVs, the probable solution is to burn

LNG and greater use of advance energy storage.

• IMO regulation on Ship Energy Efficiency Management Plan (SEEMP) is required by regulation 22 of

MARPOL Annex VI – Parts I &amp; II

• IMO regulation on use of low Sulphur fuel ≤ 0.5% Sulphur (to be enforced in 1 January 2020), of which the

Company is already in compliant thereof.








NEW BUILDING

Nam Cheong also watches over carbon footprint, certain measures are taken 

to address this issue

Battery power will be used in electric propulsion to enable vessels to operate on battery partly at seas and fully 

in port areas. Charging battery may switch from currently ICE driven generator (except those below 130kW 

diesel) to fuel cells. Fuel cells can operate on hydrogen, bio-fuels (ethanol), methane (LNG), ethane, VOC mix 

with LNG, and so on.

Nam Cheong will be working tirelessly towards

reducing carbon footprint (marine greenhouse gas

(GHG) emissions) up to 35% by 2020, 40% by 2030 &amp;

even 75% by 2050 as committed by IMO. Nam

Cheong will consider and incorporate features that

help to minimize global warming potentials (GWP) and

other environmental pollutants, and to counter

disruptions caused by economic reasons while

enabling technologies.








NEW BUILDING

The carbon footprint features include:

• 

Dual fuel engine utilizes high pressure diesel cycle for

higher efficiency and power concentration than those

following the low-pressure Otto cycle in burning gas

mode – use of LNG &amp;/or bio-fuels

• 

Diesel electric propulsion with waste heat recovery (great

use of electric)

• 

Diesel electric propulsion with battery hybrid can replace

one or two main generators (greater use of electric)

• 

All-electric vessel with advance energy storage (batteries)

&amp; fuel cells (greatest use of electric)

• 

Optimized vessel size &amp; hull shape 

• 

Reduced ballast water needs

• 

Hull coatings

• 

Big data acquisition &amp; analytics

• 

Automation towards autonomous unmanned control 

• 

Propulsion efficient devices

• 

Speed optimization, speed reduction &amp; weather routing






NEW BUILDING

It is inevitable that marine transportation goes through radical changes, such as going electric and autonomous, and 

likely in the future, merging of electric propulsion with self-sailing technology.

From the newbuilding perspective, the prospect of totally eco-friendly power plant and vessel utilizing battery hybrid 

with charging from sustainable energy sources are promising. Batteries can now replace one or two of the four main 

engine and generator sets, without compromising security or service standards.

In the future, the Company looks forward to more futuristic development of autonomous unmanned control with 

advance control algorithm, AI, communications or navigation, sensors (LIDAR), more secured &amp; safer computing 

hardware/software.






In the SHIP CHARTERING department, fuel efficiency has always been a priority

and the Company has taken proactive initiatives to address the issue

As a leading offshore support vessels provider, Nam Cheong is

developing initiatives in reaching the ultimate goal of building

fuel efficient vessels with low-carbon dioxide emission.

Such initiatives are taken through advance ship design and use of

technological innovative equipment, which shall comply with the

new environmental rules and regulations, yet able to produce the

least possible carbon foot-print in the emerging "Carbon Market".








SHIP CHARTERING

Nam Cheong remains dedicated to

achieve innovations that improve

the fuel consumption

Nam Cheong’s NCA80E model for anchor

handling supply tug vessel is an innovation

designed and engineered in Singapore.

The design offers the latest state of art electric

propulsion technology, achieves good fuel

economy with high quality equipment of zero or

low energy losses with better specific fuel

consumption, vessel’s operational flexibility, yet

at a competitive building cost.

This design is also ready to incorporate battery

hybrid to further improve fuel consumption.








SHIP CHARTERING

Nam Cheong remains dedicated to 

achieve innovations that improve 

the fuel consumption

Nam Cheong’s NCP4000E model for platform 

support vessel is another innovation designed 

and engineered in Singapore, is equally exciting 

if not better than the NCA80E.

It adopts some of the latest marine technologies 

yet sensible and simple enough to operate with 

fuel efficiency elements. This design 

incorporates the closed bus-tie concept for 

better sharing of generators on loads (lesser 

number of generators in operation) without 

compromising in the operational safety. It also 

prepares for battery hybrid solution.




SHIP CHARTERING

Incorporating the ideology of fuel efficiency at all levels

Nam Cheong has a strict parameter for recruitment of crew which largely based on the crew’s high competency 

and relevant experience. The crew will be trained to operate on the latest technology equipment or system and 

to achieve on fuel saving during the operation. Nam Cheong encourages the crew to take pride in doing a 

good job for vessels’ operation. Good performance crew will be retained in the talent pool and be deployed to 

these newer and better designed/built vessels.

Nam Cheong has plans to capture the fuel consumption data and to quantify the real saving, and subsequently 

carry out incentive scheme in near future.

The technical staff are formed by a pool of talented and committed engineers. The biggest incentive for 

engineers is to be recognized for their contributions. Recognition is the driver for continuous improvements. It 

motivates the staff to search for newer technologies to further lower carbon dioxide emission for low carbon 

shipping (fuel efficiency).

The rewards come when the products they develop contributes to healthy profits to the Company, in sales 

and/or in fuel saving.




SHIP CHARTERING

Focus of fuel efficiency yielded remarkable result for the Company’s fleet

The features in the fuel-efficient vessels include:

• Use of medium speed diesel engines for main generators (instead of high speed diesel) which generally

results in saving of 5-10 g/kWh (lower carbon dioxide emission)

• Use of medium speed diesel engines for main generators to reduce the maintenance cost, thus reduce parts

renewal and enable longer mean time between overhaul

• Use of “no-loss” concept electric propulsion can save about 5%-7% of energy (lower carbon dioxide

emission)

• Use of diesel electric propulsion which allows operational flexibility, hence fuel saving (lower carbon dioxide

emission)

• Use of “closed bus-bar” concept which allows greater sharing of generators on loads with a reduction in

number of generators operating, hence fuel saving (lower carbon dioxide emission).

• Use of marine gas oil where good quality fuel with Sulphur content lesser than 0.5%, resulting in lesser

sulphur dioxide emission, lesser air pollutants and reduced handling of residues from filtration/separation






SHIP CHARTERING

Nam Cheong will continue to pursue new ideas and innovations in reducing carbon dioxide (marine greenhouse 

gas) and other environmental unfriendly emissions of the vessels. The Company designs and builds with the 

following approaches:

• 

Short term – newer power plant configuration, use of more energy efficient equipment, and greater use of LNG

fuel and batteries.

• 

Long term – eliminate the use of fossil fuel oil and replace with LNG and other sustainable energy sources.












In the SHIP MANAGEMENT sector,

the Company aim to increase cost and

operational efficiency through continuous

improvements and innovations.




SHIP MANAGEMENT

The Company articulates the commitment to deliver value to all stakeholders though sustaining growth in

businesses. Parallel to such commitment, SK Offshore &amp; Marine Sdn Bhd (SKOM) was set up in April 2016 as the 

ship management arm of for the Nam Cheong Group for better control of costs and operational efficiency.

Operating costs consist primarily of crew costs, repair and maintenance costs, insurance costs, fuel, lube oil and 

supplies costs. In the current market, an oversupply of vessels and the corresponding increase in commercial 

competition have adversely impacted vessels utilisation, rates and contract terms.

SKOM strives to manage the principal costs factors by having in place a strategic plan where SKOM can rely on 

its marine expertise to extract the most value out of its assets. This is facilitated by:

• 

Active downtime program to minimise holding costs for vessels between contracts whilst developing a permanent owned and

operated safe refuge where idle vessels can be place in compliant of warm layup at even further reduced costs.

• 

A culture of cost management has been instilled throughout the vessel operations with primary focus on minimising all

discretionary spending whilst ensuring that cost savings are not made at the expense of the quality, reliability and safety of

operations.

• 

Focus on preventive maintenance.

• 

Develop more accurate key performance indexes to measure vessels’ performances in a long run.

• 

Establish a strong maintenance team to ensure consistent quality maintenance.

• 

Building in-house competence focusing on problem solving, innovation and transfer of experience.

• 

Enhance engineering and operational risk control measures including but not limited to, hazard and risk management processes,

quality audits, planned maintenance programmes, compliance programmes, emergency preparedness and contingency plans and

preferred supplier processes.




SHIP MANAGEMENT

Across the ship management activities, SKOM continues to keep a strong

safety record

SKOM prides itself on its continuous improvement culture 

and even more so in the Health and Safety performance. A 

dedicated Health, Safety, Security and Environment (HSSE) 

department works to supply and implements support 

strategies to identify critical HSSE controls.

The Company’s target includes zero personal injuries, no 

harm to the environment and no damage to, or loss of, 

equipment and property. Considerable efforts are being 

made to ensure this target remains achievable and the 

Company continues to ensure all vessels are well- 

maintained and sufficiently equipped to operate in a safe 

environment.

On board and ashore, SKOM believes that the transfer of 

experience is an important factor to create and maintain a 

professional HSSE culture and essential to continuously 

improve the safety performance. SKOM puts great 

emphasis on a safe work environment and adequate time 

for preparation of every job operation.

SKOM Safety Culture is based on a Safety Management System 

(SMS) based on compliance to IMO regulations. An external 

annual audit is conducted on SKOM by a compliance authority, in 

this case Lloyds Register to verify that the company complies with 

the requirements of the International Maritime Organisation Code 

for the Safe Operation of Ships and Pollution Prevention. An 

internal audit program is also conducted annually to further 

strengthen and give emphasis to the audit program and ensure 

that updates on any new regulations are implemented and 

adhered to in the company. All vessels operated by SKOM are also 

audited annually by Llyods Register under the same IMO 

Legislation through internal audit program.

SKOM safety performance for 2018 based on the industry 

standard measurement Total Recordable Case Frequency (TRCF) 

stands at 3.00. The Company continues to achieve zero Lost Time 

Injuries (LTI), thus marking yet another year of commendable 

HSSE performance for 2018.




Two key areas of mitigation are the releasing of environmentally hazardous 

s

l

t









SHIP MANAGEMENT

SKOM remains committed to

achieving the highest standard

of environmental performance

for all vessel activities and to

meeting of environmental

compliance standards

ubstances which reduces air and water pollution and implementing

measures to reduce fuel consumption. SKOM has all the benefits of a globally

ed drive to reduce the environmental footprint. Being one of the industries

newest fleets and by making use of available technical solutions, this has

allowed SKOM to mitigate against the accidental outflow of any unwanted

hazardous substances. This coupled with strong procedures and the well-

rained competent crew led to zero discharge incidents were recorded for the

year.








SHIP MANAGEMENT

Throughout the year SKOM continues to have strong and dedicated focus 

on fuel consumption, and the efforts made within this area have generated 

a positive impact and more awareness of efficient fuel usage. New 

procedures were set in place to monitor and oversee daily fuel consumption 

in order to identify areas where efficiency can be higher and reduce SKOM’s 

overall fuel costs. Systems for the measuring of fuel consumption in various 

operations have also been the basis of a detailed study.

SKOM’s environmental policies, management plans and supporting 

procedures are reviewed periodically to ensure potential environmental 

impacts are identified, assessed and controlled. As part of the Company’s 

continuous improvement process, SKOM’s environmental policy leads the 

way to managing the vessels’ operations in a sustainable manner and 

minimizes the global environmental impact.




SHIP MANAGEMENT

SKOM prioritizes transparency in client relationships yielding high standards of vessels’ 

operation

SKOM does not tolerate any form of unethical behaviour from any employees, both on and offshore, and expect all employees to 

work to the highest ethical standards. SKOM requires suppliers and contractors to equivalently display the highest ethical standards 

and strongly encourage any form of unethical behavior to be reported to the management of Nam Cheong Group.

SKOM adhered to 7 basic principles to steer the business through a very challenging business 

environment

The 7 basic principles have guided SKOM to be considered not only a reliable, responsible and preferred vessel operator, but to have 

the level of knowledge and skills necessary to participate with the clients in providing assets and solutions for future. The 7 basic 

principles being:

• 

Comply with statutory rules and regulations in order to ensure that all employees are able to execute their work under safe,

healthy and proper working conditions.

• 

Strive to eliminate all known risks that may result in accidents, injuries, illness, damage to property or to the environment.

• 

Continue to build a well-trained professional workforce.

• 

Integrate environmental sustainability into the vessel operations.

• 

Build a culture of cost management to drive cost efficiencies both onboard and ashore.

• 

Avoid and report any form of unethical behavior.

• 

Ensure that the responses to any clients’ requirements are dealt with professionally in a timely and positive manner.










At Nam Cheong, the Company is committed to

enhancing the working environment by providing

various EDUCATION AND TRAINING

programs which will facilitate the smooth and

effective operation of the Company.

The knowledge of the crew is vital for the safe and secure operation of any vessel. Such knowledge includes 

good seamanship and understanding of any work duties and tasks to be undertaken. In order to ensure that 

vessels are manned with dedicated, qualified and proficient seagoing personnel, SKOM helps to identify, 

monitor and arrange for the development of officers and crew. The Company also ensure all necessary training 

needs, with courses delivered either internally or externally are duly executed in accordance to the relevant 

charter requirements. Training needs are also identified through crew evaluation reports, the various compliance 

audits and information provided by floating personnel during their visits on board. Internal training is provided 

on board of the vessels by members of the shore based team and also by running regular drills. Utilizing funds 

drawn mainly from Human Resources Development Fund, the Company had invested a total of approximately

S$62,000.00 on education and training for the employees. The employees attended trainings that focuses on

onboarding experience, upgrade of skillset and industry compliance.








EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Apart from the crew, every employee of the Company is given the benefit to learn and train for expedite 

acquisition of the knowledge, skills and abilities required for effective job performance. Crew and employees 

with potential career advancement will attend to the relevant courses or training provided in house or by 

external sources.  Courses and trainings are open for selection to employees, with trainers who are expected to 

be fully equipped with specialized knowledge and experiences. Most of the trainers are registered with SG Skills 

Development Fund, Malaysia Human Resources Development Fund, or relevant industry authorities.

2018 is an active year for education and training. The Company firmly believes that continuous education and 

training of the employees contribute essentially towards the Company’s business growth. With the efforts to 

foster a safer and healthier workplace, the Company will do better to protect the people and environment. 

Competent and motivated talents shall yield higher productivity, efficiency, quality and greater results that are 

consistent with the Company’s goals, objectives and strategies.


















ENVIRONMENT PROTECTION

2018 started off with the Company introducing and implementing multiple “GOING GREEN” Initiatives to its 

employees. The Company instills various environmental sustainable practices at the workplace, amongst which 

the most prominent practice is encouraging all employees to apply “Reduce, Reuse and Recycle” whenever 

and wherever possible, not only for the betterment of the environment, but also to develop an energy efficient 

workplace for its employees.

GOING GREEN INITIATIVE






SOCIETY

At Nam Cheong, everyone is encouraged to develop feasible solutions for a range of social issues

As part of the Company’s review to conserving and preserving the surrounding environment, the Company has 

made sustainable environmental development an integral part of the corporate social responsibility 

programme. Nam Cheong also recognises the importance of giving back to society and participated in 

initiatives that care for underprivileged children and marginalised members of the community.

The Company has adopted the following:

“Community Initiatives”: Nam Cheong has directly and indirectly contributed to society via the creation of

employment and business opportunities to Malaysians and Singaporeans. In addition, the Group actively supports

government agencies, such as the marine department in its community programmes and participates in other

social and cultural welfare for local communities.

The Company funded the Dignity for Children’s Foundation which provides disadvantaged children with quality 

education and empowers them to break out of the poverty cycle. Established in 1998, it currently has more than 

900 students.

Furthermore, Nam Cheong (through Tan Sri Datuk Tiong, the Executive Chairman) has been actively involved in 

various clan associations and business chambers. In addition to his contributions such as the sponsoring of school 

developments, scholarship programmes and other initiatives that aim to bridge gaps in the community, Tan Sri 

Datuk Tiong also sits on various school boards.

