
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

NauticAWT Limited 

 

Sustainability Report 

2017 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This Sustainability Report has been prepared by the Company and its contents have been reviewed by the 

Company’s Sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited (the “Sponsor”), for compliance with the relevant rules of the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”). The Sponsor has not independently verified the 

contents of this Sustainability Report.  

 

This Sustainability Report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST. The Sponsor and the SGX-ST 

assumes no responsibility for the contents of this Sustainability Report, including the correctness of any of the 

statements or opinions made or reports contained in this Sustainability Report. 

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms Alicia Sun (Telephone number: +65 6232 3210) at 1 Robinson Road, 

#21-00 AIA Tower, Singapore 048542. 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Contents  

 

 

Page 

Board’s Statement  

 

1 

Reporting Framework 

1 

Reporting Period and Scope 

1 

Feedback 

1 

Stakeholder Engagement 

1 - 2 

Policy, Practice and Performance Reporting 

2 - 3 

Material Factors 

3 - 6 

Target Setting 

6 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


Sustainability Report – NauticAWT Limited 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Page 1 

1. 

Board’s Statement 

 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of NauticAWT Limited (the “Company” and together with our subsidiaries 

the “Group”) affirm our commitment to sustainability with the publication of our maiden sustainability report 

(“Report”) guided by the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: Core option. For this Report, we provide 

insights into the way we do business, while highlighting our environmental, social, governance (“ESG”) and 

economic performance. 

 

Whilst mindful of our profit oriented objective, we are committed to strike a balance between growth, profit, 

governance, environment, the development of our people and well-being of our communities to secure the long 

term future of our Group. This commitment is reflected in our sustainable business strategy and the material 

ESG factors which are shown in this Report.  

 

A sustainability policy (“SR Policy”) covering our sustainability strategies, reporting structure, materiality 

assessment and processes in identifying and monitoring material ESG factors has been established and serves 

as a point of reference in the conduct of our sustainability reporting. Under this SR Policy, we will continue to 

monitor, review and update our material ESG factors from time to time, taking into account the feedback that 

we receive from our engagement with our stakeholders, organizational and external developments. 

 

 

2. 

Reporting Framework 

 

In preparing this sustainability report, we are guided by the GRI Standards: Core option and Rules 711(A) and 

711(B) of the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist of the SGX-ST. 

 

 

 

3. 

Reporting Period and Scope 

 

This Report is applicable for our financial year from 1 January to 31 December 2017 (“FY2017”). A sustainability 

report will be published annually in accordance with our SR Policy.  

 

This Report focuses on our renewables segment1, which will be the focus of our Group going forward. This 

business segment contributed approximately 26% of the Group’s total revenue for FY2017. Nonetheless, the 

Group believes that the renewables market is a market that we know well, and hold a strong and competitive 

position in. We plan to widen the coverage of our sustainability reporting in the future. 

 

 

4. 

Feedback  

 

We welcome feedback from all stakeholders on this Report. You may send related questions, comments, 

suggestions or feedback to our investor relations email account: info@nautec.com 

 

 

5. 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

Our efforts on sustainability are focused on creating sustainable value for our key stakeholders, which comprise 

customers, employees, regulators, shareholders and suppliers. Key stakeholders are determined for each 

material factor identified, based on the extent of which they can affect or are affected by our operations.  

 

We actively engage our key stakeholders through the following channels:  

S/N 

Key stakeholder 

Engagement channel 

1 

Community 

We focus on continuous community engagement through close monitoring of 

local developments through mass media and dialogues where practicable. 

2 

Customer 

Customers are continuously engaged through multiple channels such as face-

to-face 

meetings, 

visits, 

email 

communications, 

phone 

calls 

and 

teleconferences. 

 

1 Relates to provision of Ultra High Performance Concrete and Composites (“UHPC”) materials for the installation of onshore 

and offshore wind turbines.  


Sustainability Report – NauticAWT Limited 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Page 2 





S/N 

Key stakeholder 

Engagement channel 

3 

Employee 

Senior management holds regular communication sessions with employees to 

obtain feedback and alignment of business goals across all levels of workforce. 

Such communication channels include emails, meetings or staff evaluation 

sessions where employees can pose questions in person. 

4 

Regulator 

We participate in consultations, briefings or receiving regulatory updates from 

key regulatory bodies such as the SGX-ST and relevant government agencies/ 

bodies so as to better understand the regulatory requirements and furnish 

feedback on proposed regulatory changes that impact our business. 

5 

Shareholder 

We convey timely, full and credible information to shareholders through 

announcements 

on 

SGXNET, 

our 

websites 

(http:// 

http://nauticawt.listedcompany.com/ or https://www.nautec.com), investor 

relations email account info@nautec.com, annual general meetings, annual 

reports, and other channels such as business publications and investors’ 

relation events. 

 

Through the above channels, we seek to understand the views of our key stakeholders, communicate effectively 

with them and respond to their concerns.  

 

6. 

Policy, Practice and Performance Reporting 

 

6.1 

Reporting Structure 

 

Our sustainability strategy is developed and directed by the senior management in consultation with the Board. 

Our senior management executives, led by our Chief Executive Officer, are tasked to develop the sustainability 

strategy, review our material impacts, consider stakeholder priorities and set goals and targets, as well as collect, 

verify, monitor and report performance data for this Report. 

 

6.2 

Sustainability Reporting Processes 

 

Under our SR policy, our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant factors. Relevant factors 

are then prioritized as material factors which are then validated. The end result of this process is a list of material 

factors disclosed in this Report. Processes involved are as shown in the chart below: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





Prioritization of the material factors and identification of material sustainability factors to 

be reported 

Validation involves the verification of information and data gathered on material factors 

and to perform an assessment on the completeness of material sustainability factors to 

finalize the sustainability report content 

Monitor, review and update our material factors from previous reporting period, taking into 

account the feedback received from engagement with stakeholders, organizational and 

external developments 

Identification 

Prioritization 

Validation 

Review 

Identification of the material factors that are relevant to our activities and data points for 

performance reporting  

 


Sustainability Report – NauticAWT Limited 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Page 3 

6.3 

Materiality Assessment 

 

Under our SR Policy, each sustainability factor is assigned a reporting priority that determines the actions 

required as illustrated in the table below: 

Reporting priority 

Description 

Criteria 

I 

High 

Factors with high reporting priority are reported on in detail. 

II 

Medium 

Factors with medium reporting priority are considered for inclusion in 

the Report. They may not be included in this Report if not material. 

III 

 

Low 

Factors with low reporting priority may be reported to fulfil regulatory or 

other reporting requirements. They are not included in this Report if not 

material.  

 

The reporting priority is supported by a material factor matrix which considers the level of concern to external 

stakeholders and potential impact on business.   

 

 

7 

Material Factors  

 

Our materiality assessment performed for FY2017 involved our senior management executives and is led by our 

Chief Executive Officer in identifying sustainability factors deemed material to our businesses and our 

stakeholders so as to allow us to channel our resources judiciously to create sustainable value for our 

stakeholders. Presented below are a list of material sustainability factors applicable to our Group: 

S/N 

Material factor  

Key stakeholder 

Reporting 

priority 

Environmental 

1 

Environmentally friendly products and product 

sustainability  

Regulator, customer 

I 

2 

Energy and water conservation  

Community, shareholder 

III 

Social 

3 

Equality and diversity in the workplace 

Employee 

I 

4 

Employee retention 

Employee 

II 

5 

Safe working environment 

Employee 

I 

Economic 

6 

Sustainable business performance 

Shareholder 

II 

7 

Proactive anti-corruption practices 

Shareholder, regulator 

II 

Governance 

8 

Robust corporate governance framework 

Shareholder, regulator 

II 

 

We will update the material factors on an annual basis to reflect changes in business operations, environment, 

stakeholder’s feedback and sustainability trends. The details of each material sustainability factor are presented 

as follows: 

 

7.1 

Environmentally friendly products and product sustainability   

 

We are committed to environmental preservation through limiting the use of hazardous substance in our 

products through strict compliance with leading regulations.   

 

We are principally involved in the provision of UHPC materials to supply our customers that operate mainly in 

the port, off-shore, downhole and renewable energy industries. UHPC is more environmentally friendly when 

compared to conventional concrete as it possesses higher strength and ductility which allow for the construction 

of more material-efficient structures.  

 

Our key initiatives in delivering quality and environmentally friendly products to our customers are as following: 

 

Our products are certified/ verified with leading market certifications on product quality such as CE Marking, 

Ü-sign or DNV. 

 

Our manufacturing facility and processes are certified under the DNV, ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015 

and OHSAS 18001:2007 standards. 


Sustainability Report – NauticAWT Limited 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Page 4 

 

A robust quality control team is maintained to conduct stringent checks on product quality based on a set 

of standard operating procedures established. 

 

We have a research and development program to develop new products and enhance the quality of the 

existing products. During the reporting period, we collaborated with Enterprise Singapore on a program to 

jointly develop new products that will create revenue streams for our Group. 

 

As at 31 December 2017, 2 of our key products are certified/verified with CE Marking, Ü-sign or DNV whilst our 

manufacturing facility and processes are certified under the relevant DNV and ISO standards. 

 

7.2 

Energy and water conservation  

 

We are committed to responsible usage of energy and water resources that helps to preserve the environment 

in which we operate in. As a Group, we operate from various office locations and an automated production 

facility in Malaysia. The facility is currently producing UHPC materials to supply our customers mainly in the oil 

and gas and renewable energy industries. Key statistics on energy and water consumption by the production 

facility during the reporting period are as follows: 

Resource 

Usage 

Consumption 

Electricity 

Used for production equipment, lightings, office equipment and 

air-conditioning 

140,170KWh 

Water 

Used for cleaning machineries and equipment 

1,102m3 

 

Conservation initiatives adopted by the Group include the following:  

 

A systematic maintenance program for operating equipment is in place to maintain energy and water 

efficiency. 

 

Energy and water consumption are regularly tracked and analysed. Corrective actions are taken when 

unusual consumption patterns are observed. 

 

7.3 

Equality and diversity in the workplace 

We are committed to diversity and equal opportunity in employment to 

grow human capital. Accordingly, we strive to provide a work environment 

for employees that fosters fairness, equity and respect for social and 

cultural diversity, regardless of their gender, age or educational 

background. The total number of employees in the Group as at 31 

December 2017 stood at 74. 

 

On gender diversity, the percentage of female to total permanent 

employees as at 31 December 2017 was 28%.   

 

On age diversity, matured workers are valued for their experience 

knowledge and skills. As at 31 December 2017, 35% of our workforce was 

at least 40 years old.  

 

To promote equal opportunity, we have implemented various human 

resource measures as follows: 

 

Staff assessment is performed annually and upon probation for new 

staff to evaluate their performance and provides them with a sense of 

self-awareness on their work performance and also to identify training 

opportunities that will improve their skills and abilities. 

 

Staff recruitment advertisements do not state age, race, gender or 

religion preferences as requirement. 

 

Employment terms in the employment letter are explained to staff 

when they join the Group. 

 

 

 

 






Sustainability Report – NauticAWT Limited 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Page 5 

7.4 

Employee retention 

 

The continual success of our business relies on a team of professional, 

skilled and experienced staff and managers. Accordingly, we are 

committed to employee retention through the following efforts: 

 

Employee are engaged regularly via various channels such as the 

appraisal exercise which allows employees to gain feedback on their 

career progress.  

 

In-house and external training courses are organized regularly for 

employees to improve their professional skills. 

 

We believe that a low turnover improves the sustainability of operations 

and allows us to contribute positively to the development of social and 

human capital in a wider community. As at 31 December 2017, 49% of 

our employees have 3 or more years of services with us.  

 

7.5 

Safe working environment 

 

In our daily operations, our workers have to handle various machineries in manufacturing our products. Such 

machineries involve processes such as handling of operating equipment such as forklifts which expose our 

employees to risk of injuries or fatalities.  Accordingly, we are committed to maintain a safety-conscious culture 

amongst our employees and a safe operating environment to minimise such risks. 

 

The measures implemented to manage health and safety in our operating environment are as follows:  

 

A set of safety rules and regulations is in place. 

 

A safety committee is in place and safety inspections are performed regularly by safety officers and 

reported to senior managers.  

 

All new employees are briefed on safety procedures during orientation. 

 

Regularly track and monitor accidents at the workplace and corrective action plans are established to 

prevent recurrences of the accidents. 

 

The Group recorded zero workplace fatality and one non-fatal workplace injury in FY2017 which involved an 

injury to the knee cap of an employee. We will continuously work towards reducing both the occurrence and 

severity of workplace accidents.  

 

7.6 

Sustainable business performance 

 

We believe in creating long-term economic value for shareholders as well as key stakeholders by adopting 

responsible business practices and growing business in a sustainable manner.  

 

As disclosed in the annual report, we are undergoing a restructuring exercise. In the interim, the Board and 

Management appreciate shareholders’ patience and understanding in its execution. 

 

Details of the Group’s economic performance can be found in the financial contents and audited financial 

statements of the Annual Report for FY2017. 

 

7.7 

Proactive anti-corruption practices 

 

We are committed to carry out business with integrity by avoiding corruption in any form, including bribery, and 

complying with the Prevention of Corruption Act of Singapore.  

 

We have implemented a whistle blowing policy to provide a mechanism for employees to raise concerns through 

accessible confidential disclosure channels about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting and 

others. In FY2017, no serious offence was reported2. 

 

 

 

 

2 A serious offence is defined as one that involves fraud or dishonesty amounting to not less than SGD 100,000 and 

punishable by imprisonment for a term of not less than 2 years which is being or has been committed against the company 

by officers or employees of the company. 

 




Sustainability Report – NauticAWT Limited 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Page 6 

7.8 

Robust corporate governance framework 

We are committed to high standards of corporate governance and believes a high standard of corporate 

governance is integral in ensuring sustainability of our business as well as safeguarding shareholders’ interests 

and maximizing long-term shareholder’s value.  

 

We have in place a whistle-blowing policy to provide a mechanism for employees to raise concerns through 

accessible confidential disclosure channels about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting and 

others.  

 

Our overall Singapore Governance and Transparency Index (“SGTI”) score assessed by National University of 

Singapore Business School was 63 for year 2017. This placed us within the top 20 percentile of the public listed 

companies that were assessed. 

 

You may refer to Corporate Governance Report of the Annual Report for details for our corporate governance 

practices. 

 

 

8. 

Target Setting 

 

We are in the process of compiling performance data to form a trend for the purpose of setting targets on the 

Material Factors as described above. Accordingly, the process of target setting is deferred till a time when 

adequate data is available to set reasonable targets. 

 

 

 

