


SUSTAiNAbiLiTy REPORT 2017




CONTENTS

Message from Board of Directors 

1

About New Toyo 

2

Our Sustainability Ethos 

3

About This Report 

5

Performance Highlights 

6

Our Approach 

7

Governance 

7

Risk Management 

8

Business Continuity Management 

8

Ethical Standards 

9

Stakeholder Engagement 

10

Materiality 

11

Customer Satisfaction 

12

Our People 

13

Our Employees 

13

Diversity and Inclusion 

14

Anti-Discrimination and Harassment-Free Environment 

16

Training and Development 

16

Occupational Health &amp; Safety 

16

Environment 

18

Materials 

19

Energy and greenhouse gas emissions 

19

Water 

19

Community 

20

Responsible Sourcing 

21

GRI Content Index 

22






MESSAGE FROM 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Our business and our sustainability rest on the same foundation: Meticulous 



planning for maximum efficiency and dedication to quality ensures that we achieve 



the highest ratings in customer satisfaction while at the same time protecting the 



interests of all our stakeholders. We are proud to present to you our inaugural 



sustainability report, which marks a significant milestone after a 41-year journey of 



creating shared value with our stakeholders with quality packaging solutions and 



services.



Dear Stakeholders, 

It is our firm belief that true prosperity is not centered solely on profit performance, but by protecting 

the earth, we leave the best legacy for our future generations that will be indelibly marked by our efforts 

today. At New Toyo, we view all sustainability concerns; from environmental, social to governance, with the 

highest regard as with our business activities. With that in mind, we strongly believe and advocate in being 

good stewards of the environment, being accountable to our employee welfares and complying with all 

applicable environmental laws and regulations.

Our commitment to sustainability begins at the initial stages of production and we are working to integrate 

it throughout our supply chain, from minimising environmental impact to improving the well-being of our 

employees globally. 

We believe that environmental sustainability starts with planning efficiently to minimise waste and 

consumption of energy and raw materials. Our employees are the key to our success and their safety and 

development are of utmost importance. In addition, we advocate the importance of engaging and positively 

impacting our local communities through a two-pronged approach of corporate giving and empowerment. 

This is especially relevant given that we have low-cost based production centres located in ASEAN’s fastest 

growing economies, namely in Indonesia and Vietnam. 

As part of the report preparation process, we have undergone a robust materiality assessment process. We 

have established a Sustainability Reporting Committee (“SRC”) and engaged our key stakeholder groups in 

determining our material environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) topics.

All in all, our sustainability report is testament to how we approach sustainability; from the integration of our 

policies into our business practices, to tracking the performance of our Key Performance Indicators (‘‘KPI’’). 

We approach sustainability in the same way we approach our business: professionally.

New Toyo International Holdings Ltd | 1 




ABOUT NEW TOYO

With over 40 years of experience, New Toyo has established a reputation 



as a value-added provider of quality products and services. With numerous 



applications for packaging materials, we are constantly upgrading our 



technology and productivity to stay abreast of the latest changes.









Founded in 1975 and listed on the Mainboard of 

the Singapore Exchange on 4 April 1997, New Toyo 

International Holdings Ltd (“New Toyo”) is a leading 

regional provider and one of the largest producers of 

high quality specialty packaging materials to the tobacco, 

food &amp; beverage, wine, liquor, and cosmetics industries 

in Asia Pacific. Headquartered in Singapore with 1,507 

employees across all our entities, our operations are 

strategically located across the region to serve both 

multinational corporations and local customers. We 

have a strong manufacturing base with multiple facilities 

located strategically in Singapore, Malaysia, Vietnam, 

Dubai, and China to ensure effective support to our 

customers in those markets.

Our business is focused on improving and perfecting 

the quality of our products and meeting our customers’ 

needs.

New Toyo has two core business divisions: 

• 

The Specialty Papers (“SP”) division focuses 

on the production of laminated and/or coated 

paper and paper boards in reel form or in sheets. 

These products are mainly used in the packing of 

cigarettes, food, beverages, wine and liquor, tissue 

boxes, cosmetics, labelling and gift wrapping.

• 

The Printed Cartons and Labels (“PCL”) division 

offers mainly gravure and lithography printing. 

Gravure printing is a specialised high-speed printing 

process used for the printing of high quality paper 

prints mainly for cigarette packaging. Lithography 

or offset printing is mainly used for the supply of 

folded cartons and labels for fast moving consumer 

goods.

In addition, the Group has a trading business that 

focuses on the sale of raw materials, paper products and 

equipments.







Our Vision

To be the preferred supplier of consistently 

high quality packaging materials

2  | Sustainability Report 2017












OUR SUSTAINABILITY ETHOS

To do our part in safeguarding our Environment, 



bettering the lives of our People and the Communities 



where we Work and Live.



"

"

At New Toyo, we have always adopted a forward 

looking approach in how we conduct our business. We 

understand that the way we operate our business, how 

we treat people and the impact our business activities 

have on our future generations will determine how 

others view New Toyo. 

Our approach to sustainability covers the entire supply 

chain from raw materials, to conversion, to the eventual 

delivery to our customers. We continuously assess areas 

for improvements in the sustainability of each activity, 

with particular focus on effective planning. Through 

effective planning, we reduce the consumption of 

natural resources used to produce paper, paper board 

and aluminium foil. 

To acknowledge the importance of extending our 

sustainability principles to our supply chain, we have 

developed a Supplier Code of Conduct (“Supplier CoC”) 

that encourages our suppliers to see sustainability 

beyond having a set of rules, to establishing and 

integrating the modus operandi in the way business 

activities can be best conducted in the spirit of 

sustainability. The supply chain shall attend to other 

critical success factors such as ethics in business 

dealings, adherence to the applicable laws and 

regulations, and environmental stewardship. 

We are further pleased to report that none of our 

products are banned in any of the markets we operate 

in. 

In essence, we believe that doing the right things in the 

course of the business is to also having the right attitude 

and mind-set to maintain ethical and responsible 

behaviour. For further details on how we manage our 

raw materials and suppliers, please refer to our Materials 

and Responsible Sourcing sections.



New Toyo International Holdings Ltd | 3 
















Plan to Buy

Plan to Make

Plan to Distribute

Effective Planning of Raw Materials

Base Materials

By planning ahead, we are able to purchase our 

base materials that is of the closest dimensions to 

our final products’ specifications. This means lesser 

wastage which translates to lesser consumption of 

natural resources.

Other Raw Materials

We always encourage our customers to go with 

water-based lacquer as it is more environmentally 

friendly.

People

Job Scheduling

With proper job scheduling, 

we ensure that our staff are 

well-rested. This improves 

productivity and our employees’ 

well-being, and reduce accidents 

and injuries to the minimum by 

instilling healthy work practices.

Personnel Planning

This supports operational 

effectiveness and efficiency.

Electricity

We perform regular machine 

maintenance to ensure that it runs 

smoothly. This in turn minimises the 

machine downtime, i.e. machinery 

breakdown. As the machinery consumes 

more electricity from offline to start-up 

as oppposed to running at a constant 

rate, low machine downtime helps to 

reduce our carbon footprint.

On-Time-In-Full Delivery

By ensuring that our deliveries are on time and in full, we are able to avoid 

unneccessary urgent deliveries which reduces our carbon footprint.

Delivery Planning

By working closely with our customers, we optimise our 

deliveries by fulfilling maximum container capacity. This 

maximises our freight deliveries which in turn reduces 

our carbon footprint.

Water

Fortunately, our manufacturing factories do not consume as much water 

compared to a typical manufacturing plant, therefore our conservation 

efforts are directed towards energy efficiency, where possible.

Quality

Our manufacturing 

plants adheres to ISO 

9001 which ensures the 

quality of our products. 

Quality affects the 

consumption. With low 

internal and external 

rejects, we save on 

materials, energy, 

transport and labour 

involved in rework and 

replacements.

Packaging 

Our products are 

properly packaged 

and sealed to ensure 

that its quality is 

not compromised 

from exposure to 

the elements during 

delivery. This ensures 

low customer rejects 

which minimises 

wastage, consumption 

of raw materials, energy, 

transport and labour for 

the replacement of the 

damaged goods.

Waste 

Management

Our waste disposal is 

currently well managed

by licensed contractors, 

who are registered

under the local 

authorities.

4  | Sustainability Report 2017










Our inaugural report covers the period from 1 January 

to 31 December 2017 (“2017”) and future reports will be 

published annually going forward. 

We have placed emphasis in determining the ESG topics 

which are viewed as important to our stakeholders in 

order to structure our sustainability report.  Detailed 

information on our material ESG topics and how our 

operations are impacting society and the environment 

is disclosed in the following sections. 

This sustainability report focuses on the SP division, 

which is representative of our material sustainability 

topics. Our PCL division is covered in a separate report 

by our subsidiary, Tien Wah Press Holdings, which 

is listed on Bursa Malaysia and subject to Bursa’s 

sustainability reporting requirements. Excluded from 

this report is our Trading division of which the business 

activity is generally limited to that of an intermediary in 

the buy and sell of materials, and on its own, has very 

minimal sustainability impact. Moving forward, we 

will continuously review the materiality of this trading 

division for inclusion into our sustainability reporting.

Our ESG topics were benchmarked against selected 

peers in the market. Our stakeholder engagement 

exercise 

which 

emphasises 

on 

stakeholder 

inclusiveness, completeness, and balanced reporting 

was designed to receive critical feedback on our 

material ESG topics from different stakeholders. For 

the list of material ESG topics, please refer to our 

Materiality section. 

ABOUT THIS REPORT

We owe it to our stakeholders to ensure the future sustainability of our 



business by going beyond mere compliance with regulatory requirements. 



While new to this reporting, we are approaching sustainability in the 



same way that our customers have come to know us over the last four 



decades: with honesty, integrity, and a dedication to excellence.



In line with best practices, we have chosen the Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards framework for our 

sustainability reporting. It provides clear specifications 

to ensure the accuracy of our report and will allow for 

our performance to be benchmarked against peers. 

As such, the sustainability report is also prepared in 

accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option. For 

this year’s report we have not sought external assurance 

and will consider it when our sustainability reporting 

evolves and matures. In the meantime, we are working 

to embed sustainability into all parts of our organisation 

and continuously integrate the various sustainability-

related metrics into our management systems.

To ensure a complete and transparent rendering of 

all aspects of our company’s performance across the 

environmental, social, and economic domains, this 

report should be read in conjunction with our latest 

annual report, which provides details of our financial 

performance and our approach to corporate governance 

and risk management.

This report uses standard units of measurement. 

Conversion factors, where required and applicable, as 

well as the computational basis for certain metrics are 

explained in their respective sections.

For any questions regarding this report, please reach us 

at enquiry@newtoyo.com.

New Toyo International Holdings Ltd | 5 






PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS

No. of legal actions for competitive, 

anti-trust and monopoly practices

No. of discrimination incidents

No. of non-compliance with 

environmental laws and regulations

No. of non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and economic area

No. of customer complaints concerning breaches 

of customer privacy and losses of customer data

Environment and Community are our voluntary disclosures.







Environment

2017

Percentage of recycled input materials used to manufacture our primary products

13.3%

Scrap materials sent for recycling

3,220 tonnes

Energy intensity ratio (per dollar revenue)

484 kilojoules

Water withdrawn from municipal water supplies

23,131 cubic metres

Community

2017

Community investment

- In Singapore

S$0.5 million

- In Vietnam

VND150 million

Product Quality 

Quality of Packaging 

for products supplied





4

4

3

3

2

2

1

1

5

5

1Rating scale of 1 (lowest) to 5 (highest)





Compliance (in 2017)











































































Our People

By Gender

By Region

Male

Female

Singapore 

Malaysia

Vietnam

Occupational disease rate

0

0

0

0

0

No. of work-related fatalities

0

0

0

0

0

No. of non-fatal work injuries

19

1

11

8

1

Absentee rate

1.0%

0.6%

2.0%

2.3%

0.2%

Total number of new employee hires (Total: 93)

78

15

- see below -

New employee hires rate

16.3%

3.1%

- see below -

Total number of employee turnover (Total: 116)

103

13

- see below -

Employee turnover rate

21.5%

2.7%

- see below -

Average hours of training per employee

9.3 

 9.2 

- not applicable -

Age Group

By Region

&lt; 30 years

30 to 50 years

&gt; 50 years

Singapore 

Malaysia

Vietnam

Total number of new employee hires

46

41

6

7

46

40

New employee hires rate

9.6%

8.6%

1.2%

1.5%

9.6%

8.3%

Employee turnover rate

15.5%

8.1%

0.6%

1.9%

6.0%

16.3%

Average hours of training per employee (by employee category)

2017

- Senior Management

22.0

- Management 

34.6

- Senior

7.0

- Junior

5.8

- Non-clerical

8.1

Sustainability Key Highlights



Incident 

Our Customers

Our Customer’s rating1 in 2017

6  | Sustainability Report 2017






OUR APPROACH

In 2016, we celebrated 40 successful years of proactively creating growth 



opportunities through our focus on sound business strategy. We manage 



sustainability throughout our business by applying effective planning to 



all stages, from buying our raw materials, to producing our products and 



delivery to our clients. We believe that our awareness of sustainability 



topics will be an important contributor to enhancing our attractiveness 



in the eyes of our customers, which include global MNCs.



For our inaugural sustainability report, it was of 

paramount importance to us that we establish a solid 

framework for determining our material topics and to 

start engaging our stakeholders on these topics. New 

Toyo is a diverse group of companies with operations 

in many different legal jurisdictions across South East 

Asia, China and the Middle East. We are also looking 

at developing targets for our material topics ranked 

as High Priority and to implement the necessary 

control mechanisms to measure, over time, our 

performance against those targets set. The formulation 

of sustainability targets for material topics requires time 

and coordination, and we hope to share more about 

them in our subsequent reports. 

Governance

Recognising the growing importance of sustainability 

for any responsible corporation, we established our 

Sustainability Reporting Committee (“SRC”), which 

comprise of key management personnel in early 2017. 

The SRC is responsible for directing and monitoring 

the development of New Toyo’s sustainability policies 

and practices. The SRC reports regularly to the Board 

through the Group Chief Executive Officer and the 

Chief Financial Officer on all sustainability matters. This 

enables the Board to satisfy itself on the structure of 

the sustainability governance and that sustainability 

is echoed through the various levels of organisation 

and assume the overall responsibility for New Toyo’s 

sustainability reporting. In addition, the identified 

material ESG topics are taken into consideration by the 

Board in New Toyo’s strategic formulation.

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Our Core Values



Excellence



Teamwork



Innovation



Creativity



Honesty



Integrity



New Toyo International Holdings Ltd | 7 






Sustainability Governance Structure

















































Risk Management

Our Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) framework 

allows us to maximise potential opportunities, manage 

and minimise the adverse effects of strategic, financial, 

operational and compliance risks. Sustainability topics 

are consequently detected whenever these types of risk 

arise. As each unit has different operating environments, 

the conformity to ERM in spirit and substance, rather 

than in form, is emphasised, while addressing the special 

needs or unique situations that each unit might face.

Business Continuity Management

At New Toyo, we view sustainability as not just an 

initiative but an ongoing movement. A movement 

to 

effectively 

integrate 

crisis 

management 

with 

community, environmental and business sustainability 

to minimise the impact disasters has on our people, the 

local community and ensuring minimal disruption in our 

supply to our customers. 

Our approach to sustainability is the extension of our solid governance structures and robust approach to risk 

management. For details on our corporate governance as well as the structure of our Board and its committees, please 

refer to our 2017 Annual Report.

Board of Directors



Business 



Unit



Business 



Unit



Business 



Unit



Business 



Unit



Sustainability Reporting Officer



Sustainability Reporting Committee “SRC”



Group CEO (Chairperson of SRC)



CFO (Sustainability Reporting Officer)



CEO of SP Division



Group Assistant HR &amp; Admin Manager



General Managers of reporting entities



OUR APPROACH

8  | Sustainability Report 2017




OUR APPROACH

Ethical Standards

To ensure that our employees exemplify our ethical 

standards at all times, we require every employee to 

acknowledge that they have read, understood and abide 

by our Code of Conduct (“Code”). The Code is included 

as part of all new employees’ orientation training. The 

Code covers important aspects of compliance with 

applicable laws, rules and regulations such as insider 

trading, fraud, and our anti-counterfeiting policy. To 

reinforce our stance on anti-corruption, a policy on this 

is emphasised in the Code. 

Supplementary to the Code, our whistle-blowing policy 

provides a mechanism for employees to raise concerns 

over possible improprieties in financial reporting 

or other matters. This policy is made familiar to all 

employees upon onboarding.

We encourage all our employees to report in good 

faith any concerns they may have to New Toyo’s 

designated receiving officer, who is also the chairman 

of the Audit Committee. Through this open channel of 

communication where anonymity is respected, it further 

illustrates our commitment in creating a workplace 

where employees feel comfortable to express their 

concerns or report potential violations of unlawful 

activities without fear of retaliation.

Our Employee Handbook further sets out guidelines 

for the proper conduct of all New Toyo employees, 

such as our policies and procedures for the protection 

of data and confidentiality. The handbook has to be 

explicitly acknowledged by each new hire upon joining 

the company. 

We are pleased to report that during 2017, there 

were zero incidents of non-compliance with laws 

and regulations in the social and economic area, no 

complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy 

and losses of customer data, and no legal actions 

were brought against New Toyo with regards to anti-

competitive 

behaviour, 

anti-trust, 

and 

monopoly 

practices. It is our goal to maintain this perfect record 

in years to come. Ensuring compliance helps to reduce 

financial risks of internal stakeholders arising from fines 

and/or impacts on our reputation.

Creating stable, long-term value for our stakeholders has 

always been our highest priority. With the development 

of sustainability governance across our operating 

environments, we aim to better integrate economic, 

environmental and social performance, driven by our 

core values and as exemplified in the culture set by our 

top management.

Our business continuity management addresses the 

measures undertaken to:

• 

Ensuring our employees’ safety and well-being takes 

priority

• 

Containment actions to limit further damage to 

factory, its surrounding areas and personnel

• 

Minimise damage to our production equipment in 

the event of catastrophe such as fire

• 

Minimise disruption of our factory’s resources and 

operations 

• 

Re-channel our deliveries to other production 

facilities in the event that our customer encounters 

loss of site 

• 

Manage real-time information sharing with regards 

to emergency response and safety

The robustness of this plan is tested throughout the 

year to ensure its continued viability and effectiveness.



New Toyo International Holdings Ltd | 9 




Stakeholder Engagement

How we engage our Key Stakeholders

Engaging our stakeholders on topics important to 

them as well as to the future of our company is second 

nature to us and we always do so through a variety 

of channels, such as regular customer surveys (see 

“Customer Satisfaction” section), shareholder meetings, 

and analyst calls. For our inaugural sustainability 

report, however, stakeholder engagement assumed a 

special importance, as we wanted to ensure that our 

stakeholders’ considerations were taken into account 

regarding which topics are most material to us.

For this first ever stakeholder engagement exercise on 

sustainability, we decided to focus on five important 

groups, based on their influence on and interest in our 

company:

• 

 Customers

• 

 Suppliers

• 

 Investors

• 

 Board of Directors

• 

 Employees (represented by management personnel 

 

from our SP division units)











Stakeholder 

Group

Engagement Methods and 

Frequency

Purpose and Goals 

How NTIH has 

responded

Customers

• 

Annual Customer 

Satisfaction Survey

Ensure consistent product and 

service quality

See: Customer 

Satisfaction, p. 12

Suppliers

• 

Regular business 

meetings, emails, and 

        ad-hoc telephone calls

Provide safe working conditions 

and compliance with laws and 

regulations in the countries they 

operate in

See: Responsible 

Sourcing, p. 21 

Investors

• 

Annual general meetings

• 

Quarterly results 

announcements

• 

Regular stock exchange 

releases online

Provide timely and regular updates 

on financial performance, business 

strategy and other shareholder 

related issues

See: Governance, Risk 

Management, p. 7-8

About This Report, p. 5

Board of Directors

• 

Regular Board and Board 

committee meetings (See: 

Corporate Governance 

Statement in our Annual 

Report)

Ensure business operations comply 

with laws and regulations

See: Ethical Standards, p. 9 

Environment, p. 18

Employees

• 

Annual/Ongoing 

Performance evaluation 

for all Employees

Enhance and increase employee 

commitment and loyalty

See: Our People, p. 13

We have solicited feedbacks from our stakeholders 

through an online survey that was solely managed by 

the independent sustainability consultant. By facilitating 

this survey through a third party, we provide assurance 

to our stakeholders on the impartiality of the survey 

results.

The objective of the survey was to gauge our stakeholders’ 

perception of the importance of the ESG topics that New 

Toyo should place emphasis on. We asked them to: 

• 

 Rate the importance of the ESG topics which they 

think New Toyo should place high emphasis on,

• 

 rate how well they think we are currently managing

 

the respective ESG topics, and to

• 

 provide additional comments, if any.

The overall participation rate in the survey was 71.4%. 

Stakeholders broadly agreed with New Toyo’s selection 

of material topics in the survey and expressed their 

satisfaction that New Toyo is managing these topics well. 

This encouraging result provided a welcome affirmation 

that the procedures for determining our material topics 

are sound and reflective of our stakeholders’ concerns.

OUR APPROACH

10  | Sustainability Report 2017




Materiality

Our goal was to ensure that we communicate material 

information to our stakeholders, beyond traditional 

financial reporting. A topic is deemed to be material 

if it could influence stakeholders’ decisions about our 

company or affect our long term financial performance. 

The Group’s materiality assessment is guided by the GRI 

Principles.

In 

preparation 

of 

our 

Materiality 

Assessment 

Workshop, potential ESG topics were first identified. 

The identification of topics was benchmarked against 

selected peers in the market and thereafter, approved 

by our Sustainability Reporting Committee for our 

stakeholder engagement survey. 

The results of the stakeholder engagement survey were 

integrated into a preliminary materiality matrix and 

discussed during our Materiality Assessment Workshop. 

The Materiality Assessment Workshop was attended 

by our Board, Senior Management and facilitated by 

an independent sustainability consultant. Based on 

the survey results, our Board and Senior Management 

deliberated and validated the list of material ESG topics 

that will form the basis of our sustainability reporting as 

depicted in the final materiality matrix below.

Moving forward, we will review our performance 

on material ESG topics and address it in our next 

sustainability report for FY2018. The ESG topics will be 

reviewed regularly to ensure their continued relevance 

to current environments.



High

High Importance

Medium Importance

Low Importance,

except for Economic

Performance which

is already addressed

in the 2017 Annual

Report.

Significance to External Stakeholders

Significance to Internal Stakeholders

High

Low



















































Customer

Satisfaction

Occupational 

Health &amp; 

Safety

Non-

discrimination

Training &amp; 

Development

Local 

Communities

Energy &amp; 

Greenhouse Gas 

(“GHG”) Emissions

Air Pollutants

Economic 

Performance

Effluents &amp; 

Waste

Responsible Sourcing

Human 

Rights

Anti-

corruption

Compliance

Materials

Water

Diversity &amp; Equal 

Opportunity

OUR APPROACH

New Toyo International Holdings Ltd | 11 




















































































































CUSTOMER SATISFACTION

One of the best forms of marketing is through positive 

word of mouth as it is testament to the actual experience. 

Being a global brand, we have always pride ourselves in 

delivering excellent customer experience. By keeping our 

customers highly satisfied and engaged, we distinguish 

ourselves away from our competitors and put us in the 

forefront of new opportunities. We host customer visits 

and audits of our facilities, thus allowing the customers 

to have a better understanding of our people and our 

production activities. 

Excellent customer experience starts from the initial 

contact, to understanding their needs, delivering on 

time in full top quality products and, well-acclaimed 

after sales support. 

While we aim to provide uninterrupted product supply 

to our customers, we can identify scenarios where 

extenuating circumstances impacts not only our 

operations, but also our customers’ site which prevents 

us from delivering to their intended destination. From 

force majeure events eg. floods and earthquakes, 

to local conditions such as riots, these are situations 

which may cause a short term impairment to a supply 

chain. By working closely with our customers, we put 

in safety measures to eliminate or reduce the risks 

associated with such situations. The business continuity 

management system is regularly tested to ensure its 

continued relevance the efficiency of which contingent 

sites can be activated as back up within the Group or for 

our customers’ supply chain; alternative sourcing of raw 

materials and the redistribution of goods to continue 

the supply. 

Upon receiving customer’s feedback, quality control 

department will take lead and coordinate with relevant 

departments to conduct a joint investigation to identify 

the root causes, suggest appropriate corrective and 

preventive actions to avoid recurrence. 

We constantly strive to stay engaged, aligned and be 

responsive to our customers. Coincidentally, this is 

also a material ESG topic ranked by our stakeholders. 

One of the mediums in which we engage customers is 

through our annual customer satisfaction survey. In 

2017, we received an average rating of 4 out of 5 for 

our SP division on both product quality and quality of 

packaging for products supplied.

Our business units are certified according 

to the ISO9001 Standard to ensure that our 

products meet the needs of our customers 

as well as statutory and regulatory 

requirements:

• 

New Toyo Aluminium Paper Product 

Co (Pte) Ltd: ISO9001 (2015)

• 

Paper Base Converting Sdn Bhd: 

ISO9001 (2015)

• 

New Toyo (Vietnam) Aluminium 

Paper Packaging Co., Ltd: ISO9001 

 

(2015)

Product Quality

How happy are our customers?

Packaging Quality

How happy are our customers with the 

packaging quality of our delivered products?

(100% of our surveyed Customers rated Good &amp; above)

This is based on feedback from almost 80% of our customers

Excellent

Good

Average (none)

Poor (none)

Very Poor (none)

Excellent

Good

Average (none)

Poor (none)

Very Poor (none)

33%

67%

33%

67%

12  | Sustainability Report 2017






OUR PEOPLE

At New Toyo, we believe that the success of our organisation depends 



on our people performing at their best. In order to continue spurring 



motivation within our employees, we continuously work to inculcate a 



culture of inclusiveness, ongoing training and development and advocate 



greatly on building strong and positive relationships with them.



Our Employees

As of 2017, we have a total team of 479 employees within our SP division. The demographic 

profile of our workforce saw a larger proportion of male (384 employees) versus female (95 

employees). Majority of the personnel are based in the production factory to manage physical 

work activities, the job applicants are not evenly distributed and this is understandable and 

prevalent in the manufacturing industry (see Figure 1.1). 

Other than one female part-timer, all our staffs are full-time employees. 30.3% of the total 

workforce is hired on the fixed-term or temporary contract basis of one to three years. 34.9% of 

our Malaysia operation and 100% of our Vietnam operation are covered by collective bargaining 

agreements. We are aware of our responsibility to safeguard workers’ rights and we adopted 

the SA8000 standards for our Vietnam operations. This standard encourages organisations to 

develop, maintain, and apply socially acceptable practices in the workplace.

Total Employees by Employment Contract and Gender in 2017 (Figure 1.1)

Number of Employees by Employment 

Contract, by Gender 

Number of Employees by

Employment Contract, by Region

Fixed term/

Temporary

Permanent

251



133



83



75



39



106



90



169



12



Male

Male

Female

Vietnam

Vietnam

Malaysia

Malaysia

Singapore

Female

New Toyo International Holdings Ltd | 13 




Diversity and Inclusion

We actively inculcate an environment that includes and 

respects every individual, regardless of age, gender, 

ethnicity, nationality or sexual orientation. Evaluations 

regarding employees and applicants are always based 

on merit, qualifications and job-related performance. 

Furthermore, we place great value in the input of each 

individual regardless of rank and emphasise strongly 

in fostering an environment that enables us to attract, 

retain and fully engage diverse talents. 

At New Toyo, it is our core belief that our business 

resilience is stronger when we are able to better 

understand the changing needs of the supply chain. This 

is where diversity comes into play – where innovation 

is fuelled by our diverse team who are encouraged to 

share their insights in a safe, comfortable and flexible 

environment. By embracing diversity and inclusion in 

the way we conduct our business, we also improve our 

abilities to better engage and understand our customers’ 

representatives which helm from different social, ethnic 

and geographical backgrounds.

Employee Attrition and New Hire Rates

We strive to retain our talents by offering good career 

progression and competitive salary and benefit 

packages to our employees. In 2017, our employee 

turnover and new hire rates stood at 24.2% and 19.4% 

respectively – a 4.8% decrease in employees partially 

the result of our continuous efforts towards productivity 

and efficiency.

16.3% of the employee turnover rate of 24.2% came from 

our Vietnam operations (see Figure 1.3). With Vietnam 

being a developing country with new investments and 

fast economic growth, the labour workforce undergoes 

through new opportunities year on year. This translates 

to more competition for skilled and experienced 

personnel. This is further exacerbated by changes in 

Vietnam’s employment trend, with increasing job 

market demands for more machinery assemblers 

and operators and higher technical professions. 78 

employees left our Vietnam operations, of which 61.5% 

were aged below 30. A report by International Labour 

Organisation (“ILO”) on Vietnam’s labour force observed 

the matching between qualifications and jobs held is 

increasingly becoming important to young graduates of 

university or higher levels1. However, according to ILO’s 

analysis on distribution of employment by occupation, 

only 13.4% of Vietnam’s employment trend demands for 

PMETs2, with a significant percentage (47.1%) skewed 

towards manual workers and machinery assemblers/

operators.

We recognised the impact of these conditions and to 

stay wage competitive, salary increment was applied in 

line with the government’s guidelines, by the Vietnam 

operation in 2017.

1  International Labour Organisation’s report on Labour and Social Trends in Viet Nam 2012-2017

2  Professional, Managers, Executives and Technicians

OUR PEOPLE



14  | Sustainability Report 2017






3  New hire and turnover rates by gender and region are both based on total new hire and turnover figures of the SP division

Total Employee Hires and Employee Turnover in 2017 (by Age Group and Gender)3 (Figure 1.2)

Rate of New Hires and Employee Turnover in 2017 (by Region)3 (Figure 1.3)

&lt; 30 years

Male

Female

Singapore

Malaysia

Vietnam

30 - 50 years

&gt; 50 years

New Hires (9.6%)

46



Turnover (15.5%)

68



 



Voluntary Turnover

6 



Non-Voluntary Turnover

New Hires (1.5%)

7



 



New Hires

Turnover (1.9%)

9



 



Voluntary Turnover

New Hires (9.6%)

46



 



New Hires

Turnover (6.0%)

29



 



Voluntary Turnover

New Hires (8.3%)

40



 



New Hires

Turnover (16.3%)

71



 



Voluntary Turnover

7



 



Non-Voluntary Turnover

New Hires (8.6%)

41



Turnover (8.1%)

38



 



Voluntary Turnover

1 



Non-Voluntary Turnover

New Hires (1.2%)

6



Turnover (0.6%)

3



 



Voluntary Turnover

New Hires (16.3%)

New Hires (3.1%)

Turnover (21.5%)

Turnover (2.7%)

78



15



96 



13



7 



Non-Voluntary 

Turnover

Voluntary 

Turnover

Voluntary 

Turnover

New Toyo International Holdings Ltd | 15 




Anti-Discrimination and 

Harassment-Free Environment

New Toyo has always maintained an unwavering ethical 

stance in promoting a hostile-free atmosphere that 

respects all individuals. We do not tolerate any form 

of discrimination or harassment and all allegations 

are taken seriously with the strict disciplinary actions. 

Discrimination includes, but not limited to age, ancestry, 

colour, marital status, national origin, race, religion, 

gender and veteran status. Harassment includes, but 

not limited to abusive, insulting or offensive actions, 

including unwelcome requests for sexual favours, 

sexual advances, and conversation containing sexual 

comments.

Grievance Mechanism

Employees who are subject to any form of discrimination 

or harassment, or witness a colleague being subjected 

to such treatment are encouraged to contact our Group 

legal department immediately. Their identity will be kept 

strictly confidential. We explicitly hold our managers 

responsible for promptly advising the company’s senior 

management or our Human Resources department 

of any possible harassment cases that come to their 

attention. These policies are also reflected in our 

Employee Handbook and our Recruitment Policy and 

Guidelines on Selection and Hiring. Human Resources 

actively monitor our recruitment processes to ensure 

they are not discriminatory and provide statistical data 

reporting to the Group Assistant HR &amp; Admin Manager 

on a quarterly basis. There were no reported incidents 

of discrimination during 2017.

Training and Development

Professional fulfilment and continuous learning are 

the cornerstones of our workplace philosophy. At New 

Toyo, we strive to provide a platform where individuals 

can thrive professionally. That said, we are even more 

We will intensify our focus on human 



capital development as this is key to 



the success of all our strategies. 



Ms. Angela Heng, Group Chief Executive Officer, 



New Toyo Annual Report 2016



so committed to providing opportunities for skills 

upgrading and training. Training programmes for our 

colleagues’ career development are organised externally 

or in-house throughout the year, to help them excel in 

their jobs and reach their fullest potential within our 

organisation. To further demonstrate this pledge, we 

provide financial assistance and/or subsidise external 

courses for colleagues who are keen to enhance their 

existing skillsets or learn new skills.

Where possible, we encourage internal promotions 

of employees who have demonstrated potential and 

relevant skills to fill vacant positions instead of recruiting 

externally. This is exemplified by ongoing identification 

of talents for future leadership roles through the 

appraisal and profiling process.  At New Toyo, we place 

a significant focus on human capital development 

as we recognise that it is crucial to the charting and 

implementing of our growth strategies.

Open Communication

Our performance evaluation system opens a channel 

for two-way feedback between our employees and 

their reporting officers. This performance evaluation 

system provides opportunities to recognise and reward 

contributions, motivate employees toward improved 

performance, and manage career development.

Occupational Health &amp; Safety

As most of the workforce is based in factory settings, 

we place top priority on health and safety. Operations 

involve a degree of risk and we have policies in place 

which objectively assess and reduce risks to a minimum 

before operations can commence. We comply with all 

industry regulations and have a systematic approach 

both to prevent safety breaches and to promote a 

culture of safety awareness. This involves treating health 

and safety like any other critical business activity with 

regular reporting, appraisals and improvements.

OUR PEOPLE

"

"

16  | Sustainability Report 2017




Workplace Safety Statistics in 2017 

(Figure 1.5)

Workplace 

Safety 

Statistics

No. of non-

fatal 

workplace 

injuries

No. of 

lost days

Singapore

Male

11

36

Female

0

0

Malaysia

Male

7

232

Female

1

0

Vietnam

Male

1

25

Female

0

0

Average hours of Training by Gender and 

Employee Category in 2017 (Figure 1.4)

Absentee Rates, by Gender

1.0 



%



0.6 



%



Total: 0.9 %

Absentee Rates in 2017 (Figure 1.6)

Absentee Rates, by Region

2. 0 



%



2. 3 



%



0. 2 



%



Total: 0.9 %

Employees are obliged to carry out their work in a safe 

manner, without causing harm to themselves or others, 

and to report any potentially unsafe or unhealthy 

situations immediately. They must observe and follow 

all safety and environmental regulations laid down in 

the operation instructions, including putting on the 

necessary safety equipment, where applicable. 

Our core imperative is to provide an accident-free and 

safe work environment for our employees. While a 

diligent amount of care is taken, it is impossible to fully 

eliminate all workplace risks such as cuts, bruises and 

sprained backs.  To mitigate this, refresher trainings to 

iterate our safety protocols are conducted to remind 

our employees the importance of adhering to safety 

procedures at all times for their safety and well-being.

On a positive note, our efforts in engaging and developing 

our employees are reflected in our low absentee rates.

Senior

Management

Management

Senior

Junior

Non-

clerical

Male

Singapore

Malaysia

Vietnam

Female

Average hours of Training per Employee, by Gender

9. 3



22. 0



34. 6



7. 0



5. 8



8. 1



9. 2



Average hours of Training per Employee, by 

Employee Category

0



 

fatalities

0



 

occupational diseases

20



 

non-fatal workplace injuries*

*Or 4.2% injuries over total workforce in SP division

In 2017

System of rules applied in recording and reporting accident statistics: 

(Additional information: We do not have other workers besides employees.) 

1. Accident statistics are recorded and reported according to the Ministry 

of Manpower, the Occupational Safety and Health Malaysia, and the 

Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points for Singapore, Malaysia and 

Vietnam respectively. As such, aggregation is not meaningful.

2. Minor injuries are excluded in ‘non-fatal workplace injuries’ for all 

regions except Malaysia. Lost days are based on medical leave days for 

all regions except Vietnam. Medical leave days are based on scheduled 

workdays for all regions except Malaysia, which is based on calendar 

days. ‘Lost days’ count begins on the day of the incident for all countries 

except Singapore which begins on the day after the incident. 

OUR PEOPLE

New Toyo International Holdings Ltd | 17 








We recognise that every organisation has a responsibility 

towards environmental stewardship. We appraise 

environmental topics with high regard and comply with 

local environmental laws. We believe that long-term 

sustainable development and investment requires us to 

take into account all relevant feedback and to minimise 

the environmental impact of our operations.

In 2017, there were zero incidents of non-compliance 

with environmental laws and regulations, including 

regulations on air pollutants, effluents, and waste. We 

intend to maintain this flawless record as we continue to 

grow our business.

Our 

machineries 

often 

utilise 

higher 

electrical 

consumption from an offline to running mode. We 

actively plan our manufacturing cycles to reduce 

unnecessary starts and stops. By performing regular 

machine maintenance, it would help reduce machine 

downtime and cut down our carbon footprint. Further, 

we encourage our customers to use water-based inks as 

it is a more environmentally friendly option. 

In essence, we regularly review our internal processes to 

evaluate the effectiveness of our environmental policies 

and programmes.

To ensure that our efficient planning has measurable 

results, KPIs are set for all relevant business units, 

covering materials usage, job scheduling, machine 

maintenance, and staffing to support effective and 

efficient operations at all times. 

For our annual Sustainability Report, we have opted 

with the eco-friendly option of e-distribution. A copy of 

this report and our future Sustainability Reports will be 

available for download from our website at: 

www.newtoyo.com.

ENVIRONMENT



New Toyo Aluminium Paper Product Co (Pte) Ltd is certified with 

the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) which promotes responsible 

management of the world’s forests.

18  | Sustainability Report 2017




We are also constantly optimising our manufacturing 

and distribution processes and are actively reducing our 

carbon footprint, for example by ensuring containers 

are loaded to their full safe capacity, whenever feasible. 

We appreciate the opportunity to present our headline 

figures here and will be publishing trend data in our 

subsequent sustainability reports, as we continue to 

improve this important aspect of our environmental 

footprint. Our energy intensity for 2017 was 484 

kilojoules per dollar revenue. We will continue our work 

to further improve this measure of our operational 

efficiency.

Our energy intensity calculations include fuel4 and 

electricity consumed within the organisation, with 

electricity consumption being derived from our electricity 

bills. Fuel sources include diesel and the biomass system 

(using wood compressed tablets) which is considered an 

environmentally friendly source of energy. 

We encourage the acquisition of energy efficient 

products whenever possible.

Water

Water scarcity is a growing concern around the world and 

even in tropical environments like the ones we operate 

in, such as Malaysia and Singapore. We are fortunate 

in that the operations of our manufacturing plants are 

not as water intensive as some heavy industries. As 

environmental considerations are a key consideration 

for us, we are nevertheless paying attention to our water 

use and aim to reduce it wherever possible. 

Total volume of water withdrawn from municipal water 

supplies across our operations was 23,131 cubic metres 

for 2017. Apart from that, we do not withdraw water 

from other sources.



Materials

Although all our products are manufactured from 

pre-processed raw materials and we do not process 

pulp at our factories, we are mindful of the fact that 

the environmental impact of raw materials used for 

the production of paper can be significant to local 

communities where raw materials are extracted and we 

are committed to contributing to resource conservation. 

True to our principles stated under Our Approach and to 

Our Sustainability Ethos as a responsible manufacturer, 

we actively aim to minimise our impact through effective 

planning and dedication to excellence. We consider 

product quality to be among our biggest contributors 

to a responsible use of the raw materials processed in 

our factories: by keeping the amount of rejects as low 

as possible (both internally and from our customers), 

we save on materials, energy, transport, and labour that 

would otherwise have to be expended in reproducing 

and replacing these products. This approach also 

allows us to minimise wastage and achieve maximum 

operational efficiency – to the benefit of our customers, 

shareholders, and the environment. 

In line with our approach to efficient manufacturing and 

waste minimisation we aim to use recycled paper cores 

for the packaging of our materials to the maximum 

extent possible. In 2017, 13.3% of input materials were 

paper cores which are made from recycled materials. We 

generate materials which are recyclable. 3,220 tonnes of 

scrap materials were sent for recycling during 2017. 

Energy and greenhouse gas emissions

Lowering our energy consumption and resulting 

greenhouse gas emissions is part and parcel of our 

ongoing commitment to operational excellence and 

efficiency. By being energy efficient and using renewable 

fuel sources, we contribute to global and national efforts 

to mitigate climate change. 

Since 2011, we have published an internal Energy 

Conservation Policy and Procedure, which is mandatory 

for all employees in our New Toyo head office. The 

policy provides guidelines to assist our colleagues 

in the conservation of energy, such as by setting the 

temperature of air conditioning systems to 24°C, and 

reducing energy consumption whenever possible 

such as by keeping doors closed, turning off lights and 

enabling the power management features of personal 

computers. This policy helps to ensure that all our 

employees support us in our endeavours to improve our 

energy and emissions profile.

4  Fuel properties are sourced from Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol’s Emission Factors from Cross Sector Tools (March 2017 version).



ENVIRONMENT



New Toyo International Holdings Ltd | 19 




COMMUNITY



Charitable Donations and Sponsorship

As a successful organisation we have the responsibility 

to support non-profit organisations that enhance the 

quality of life in the local communities where we operate. 

Our Sponsorship and Corporate Donation Policy sets 

out our guidelines and priorities for participation in 

sponsorship or corporate donations. Support will be 

given to charities or non-profit organisations whose 

objectives relate to education, community development, 

environment, humanitarian and social projects, and 

economic development.

To qualify, a non-profit organisation has to meet the 

following requirements:

• 

Be a recognised charity or non-profit organisation  

 

and has a charter to that effect;

• 

be tax exempt;

• 

have administrative fees of less than 20% of their  

 

overall expenses;

• 

ensure that our support will improve the quality of  

 

life in our community.

We will not consider the provision of funding for the 

following types of requests:

• 

 Organisations without a non-profit status

• 

 Political organisations, candidates or campaigns

• 

 Lobbying groups

• 

 Sponsorships/donations for the purpose of an  

 individual

• 

 Solicitations that discriminate on the basis of age,  

 race, gender, sexual orientation, or national origin

Our Community Engagement

In 2017, in celebration of our 20th anniversary as a 

public listed conglomerate, we pledged a S$1 million 

cash donation to the National Heart Centre Singapore 

(“NHCS”) over a period of two years. This donation will 

be used for medical research funding advancements 

in cardiovascular medicine, enhanced patient care, 

education and clinical research that will continue to 

benefit the community.

While Vietnam is progressively becoming a developed 

nation, poverty related issues still persist in the society. 

As we deepen our presence in Vietnam, we aim to help 

combat this by providing housing for the poor in the 

local provinces of Ben Tre, Can Tho and Long An. To 

that end, we contributed VND150 million in the form 

of cash donation to Vietnam Red Cross Society. We 

believe that by providing proper housing and better 

living conditions, it will enable our beneficiaries to focus 

on seeking employment so as to improve their lives and 

their families. 

On the home front, the theme of our 2016 Singapore 

team-building event was centered on giving back to 

the elderly community who has contributed much 

during Singapore’s nation building years. We partnered 

with Committee of Care Community Services Society 

of Singapore (“CCSS”), a non-profit organisation that 

provides assistance, counseling, therapy to the needy 

and also runs a family programme centre amongst 

other philanthropic activities. We organised a series of 

activities such as interactive games, karaoke and bingo-

lottery, and encouraged beneficiaries’ participation to 

inculcate a sense of belonging to the greater community.











































































































20  | Sustainability Report 2017








RESPONSIBLE SOURCING

Many of our key customers are themselves considered to be leaders in sustainability. As this is an area of growing 

importance for them, we aim to reflect their high standards for responsible procurement from the social and 

environmental perspective and are currently formalising these ethical commitments in our Supplier CoC. This Supplier 

CoC will be applicable to our suppliers and includes the following.

Ethics in Business Dealings

We believe that being ethical in business dealings is the right and only way to do our business. Our suppliers should 

have mechanisms in place to prevent conflict of interests, excessive gifts and entertainment, bribery and corruption. 

Environment

At New Toyo, environmental matters are appraised with the same regard as any other business factors. All suppliers 

are expected to be good stewards of the environment and comply with all applicable environmental laws and 

regulations. We encourage our suppliers to continuously seek ways to minimise consumption of natural resources, 

reduce greenhouse gas emissions and improve waste management.



New Toyo International Holdings Ltd | 21 












GRI Standard

(2016) Title

Disclosure

Number

Disclosure Title

Page No.

General 

Disclosures

102-1

Name of the organisation

About New Toyo, p. 2

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

About New Toyo, p. 2

102-3

Location of headquarters

About New Toyo, p. 2

102-4

Location of operations

About New Toyo, p. 2

102-5

Ownership and legal form

About New Toyo, p. 2

102-6

Markets served

About New Toyo, p. 2

102-7

Scale of the organisation

About New Toyo, p. 2

Annual report &gt; Statements of Financial 

Position, Consolidated Income Statement, 

p. 40-41

102-8

Information on employees and other 

workers

Our Employees, p. 13

Data have been obtained using HR 

personnel files.

102-9

Supply chain

Our Sustainability Ethos, p. 3-4

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation 

and its supply chain

Annual report &gt; Chairman's Message, 

Group CEO's Business Review, p. 5-6, 8-11

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

Risk Management, p. 8

102-12

External initiatives

Customer Satisfaction, p. 12

Environment, p. 18

102-13

Membership of associations 

None applicable

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Message from Board of Directors, p. 1

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms 

of behaviour 

Governance, Risk Management, Ethical 

Standards, p. 7-9

102-18

Governance structure 

Governance, p. 7-8

102-40

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholder Engagement, p. 10 

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Our Employees, p. 13

More information will be available in 

future reports.

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Stakeholder Engagement, p. 10

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder Engagement, p. 10

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholder Engagement, p. 10

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

Annual Report &gt; Notes to the Financial 

Statements, p. 67-69

About This Report, p. 5

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries 

Materiality, p. 11

102-47

List of material topics 

Materiality, p. 11

102-48

Restatements of information

Not applicable. This is our first 

sustainability report.

102-49

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable. This is our first 

sustainability report.

GRI CONTENT INDEx

22  | Sustainability Report 2017














GRI Standard

(2016) Title

Disclosure

Number

Disclosure Title

Page No.

102-50

Reporting period 

About This Report, p. 5

102-51

Date of most recent report 

Not applicable. This is our first 

sustainability report.

102-52

Reporting cycle

About This Report, p. 5

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

About This Report, p. 5

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with 

the GRI Standards

This report has been prepared in 

accordance with the GRI Standards: Core 

option.

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index, p. 22-25

102-56

External assurance 

About This Report, p. 5

Anti-competitive Behaviour

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Ethical Standards, p. 9

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Ethical Standards, p. 9

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Annual Report &gt; Corporate Governance 

Statement: Risk Management and Internal 

Controls, p. 28

Anti-Competitive 

Behaviour

206-1

Legal actions for anti-competitive behaviour, 

anti-trust, and monopoly practices

Ethical Standards, p. 9

Materials

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Materials, p. 19

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Materials, p. 19

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Environment, p. 18

Materials 

301-2

Recycled input materials used

Materials, p. 19

Energy

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Energy and Greenhouse Gas Emissions, 

p. 19

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Energy and Greenhouse Gas Emissions, 

p. 19

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Environment, p. 18

Energy

302-3

Energy intensity 

Energy and Greenhouse Gas Emissions, p. 19

Water

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Water, p. 19

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Water, p. 19

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Environment, p. 18

Water

303-1

Water withdrawal by source

Water, p. 19

Environmental Compliance

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Ethical Standards, p. 9

Environment, p. 18

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Risk Management, p. 8

Environment, p. 18

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Annual Report &gt; Corporate Governance 

Statement: Risk Management and Internal 

Controls, p. 28

Environmental 

Compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations 

Environment, p. 18

New Toyo International Holdings Ltd | 23 














GRI Standard

(2016) Title

Disclosure

Number

Disclosure Title

Page No.

Employment

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Our People, p. 13

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Our Employees, p. 13-14

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Employee Attrition and New Hire 

Rates, p. 14

Employment

401-1

New employee hires and employee 

turnover 

Employee Attrition and New Hire 

Rates, p. 14-15

Occupational Health and Safety

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Occupational Health &amp; Safety, 

p. 16-17

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Occupational Health &amp; Safety, 

p. 16-17

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Occupational Health &amp; Safety, 

p. 16-17

Occupational 

Health and Safety

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities

Occupational Health &amp; Safety, 

p. 17

Accident Severity Rate and Accident 

Frequency Rate omitted from 

disclosure as NTIH’s manufacturing 

facility is significantly smaller 

than other manufacturers in the 

benchmarking group, hence with 

a small base, any injury is highly 

significant.

Training and Education

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Our People, p. 13-17

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Training and Development, p. 16

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Training and Development, p. 17

Training and 

Education

404-1

Average hours of training per year per 

employee

Training and Development, p. 17

Non-discrimination

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Diversity and Inclusion, p. 14

Anti-Discrimination and 

Harassment-Free Environment, p. 16

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Anti-Discrimination and 

Harassment-Free Environment, p. 16

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Anti-Discrimination and 

Harassment-Free Environment, p. 16

Non-

discrimination

406-1

Incidents of discrimination and corrective 

actions taken

Anti-Discrimination and 

Harassment-Free Environment, p. 16

Customer Privacy

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Ethical Standards, p. 9

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Ethical Standards, p. 9

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Annual Report &gt; Corporate 

Governance Statement: Risk 

Management and Internal

Controls, p. 28

24  | Sustainability Report 2017














GRI Standard

(2016) Title

Disclosure

Number

Disclosure Title

Page No.

Customer Privacy 

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning 

breaches of customer privacy and losses 

of customer data

Ethical Standards, p. 9

Socioeconomic Compliance

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Ethical Standards, p. 9

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

Ethical Standards, p. 9

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Annual Report &gt; Corporate 

Governance Statement: Risk 

Management and Internal Controls, 

p. 28

Socioeconomic 

Compliance

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations 

in the social and economic area

Ethical Standards, p. 9



New Toyo International Holdings Ltd | 25 




47 Scotts Road

Goldbell Towers #05-03

Singapore 228233

