
 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

1 

NEW WAVE HOLDINGS LTD. 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 

 

 

 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 

01 BOARD STATEMENT 

02 ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

03 APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

04 ECONOMIC 

05 ENVIRONMENTAL 

06 SOCIAL 

07 GOVERNANCE 

08 GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

2 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

The board of directors (the “Board”) of New Wave Holdings Ltd. (“New Wave” or the “Company”, 

and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is pleased to present the second annual 

Sustainability Report of the Company for our financial year ended 31 March 2019 (“FY2019”). This 

report is prepared by taking reference from the Sustainability Reporting Guide in Practice Note 7F 

of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules 

of Catalist and references the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards which represent the 

global best practices for reporting on a range of economic, environmental and social impacts. This 

report highlights the key economic, environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) related factors 

and initiatives carried throughout a 12-month period, from 1 April 2018 to 31 March 2019. 

 

Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its 

stakeholders. As such, the key material EESG factors for the Group (“Material EESG Factors”) 

have been identified and cautiously reviewed by the management and approved by the Board. The 

data and information provided have not been verified by an independent third party. We have relied 

on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy of data and information. The Board 

has overseen the management and monitoring of the Material EESG Factors and takes them into 

consideration in the determination of the Group’s strategic direction and policies.  

 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this 

enables us to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments 

and suggestions to info@newwave.com.sg. 

 

29 August 2019 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

3 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

 

The Company was incorporated in Singapore on 4 November 1999 and was listed on Catalist of the 

Singapore Exchange since 14 August 2000. Headquartered in Singapore at 101 Kitchener Road 

#02-17, Jalan Besar Plaza, Singapore 208511, the Company operates through several subsidiaries 

in Singapore, Malaysia and the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), and has two core business 

activities, namely the distribution of aluminium alloy products and the components distribution 

business. Our aluminium alloy products are sold to a wide spectrum of customers ranging from 

multi-international corporations to small and medium size local firms and are used in many industries 

including precision engineering, transport engineering, semiconductor equipment, electronics, and 

many others. The components distribution business encompasses the distribution of active and 

passive IT cabling system solutions, portable cabling testing and certification tools, monitoring and 

troubleshooting handheld tools and appliances, intelligent cabling system based projects and 

includes professional consultancy, training services, software implementation, database integration 

and customer care services. 

 

The table below shows the organizational structure of the Group: 

 

 

 

 

 




























 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

4 



Plan and 

Scope



Engage 

Stakeholders



Assess 

Materiality



Collect Data



Report

APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE 

 

The Group has in place a Sustainability Steering Committee which is led by key management 

executives and supported by representatives from various functional and geographic divisions in the 

Group.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 













The Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer 

(“CEO”) 

formulate 

the 

corporate 

sustainability 

strategies 

and 

guidelines 

and 

monitor 

overall 

performance. 

The Sustainability Steering Committee comprise the 

General Managers of each division, the Financial 

Controller and representatives from each geographic 

segment and helps to organize and coordinate the 

sustainability initiatives. 

New 

Wave’s 

employees 

support 

the 

Group’s 

sustainability programmes and policies and assist with 

the implementation and execution of the sustainability 

initiatives and the collection of data for monitoring 

performance. 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

5 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT  

 

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and material 

aspects relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken 

into account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, but are not 

limited to, customers, suppliers, shareholders, employees, and regulators. We adopt both formal and 

informal channels of communication to understand the needs of key stakeholders, and incorporate 

these into our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships. 

 

Key 

Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Key Concerns Raised 

Customers 

Meetings, 

e-procurement 

platforms, 

phone 

calls, 

teleconferences and email 

communications 

Daily 

Quality control and on-time 

delivery, 

technical 

support,  

competitive pricing, suitable 

payment terms 

 

Suppliers 

Meetings, 

e-procurement 

platforms, 

phone 

calls, 

teleconferences, 

email 

communications 

and 

factory visits 

Regular basis 

Quality of products, smooth 

and timely delivery, 

competitive prices 

 

Shareholders 

Announcements on 

SGXNet, annual general 

meetings, annual reports, 

the Company’s website 

(www.newwave.com.sg) 

 

Half yearly for financial 

results announcements, 

general meetings are 

held 

annually, 

other 

communications on ad-

hoc 

basis 

throughout 

the year 

 

Profitability and returns, good 

corporate governance, timely 

and accurate information 

Employees 

Induction programme for 

new employees, team 

discussions, training 

sessions, meetings, 

feedback channels, emails, 

performance reviews 

Regular basis 

Career 

growth, 

training 

opportunities, 

benefits 

and 

incentives, pleasant and safe 

working 

environment, 

alignment of personal goals 

with Company’s goals 

 

Regulators 

Seminars and consultation 

sessions with key 

regulatory bodies, meetings  

On-going 

basis 

for 

reviews and updates, 

and whenever there are 

changes in regulations 

 

Compliance with laws and 

regulations, safe environment, 

health and other social issues 

Community/ 

Industry 

Associations 

Phone calls and other 

communications with non-

profit organisations, 

participation at trade 

exhibitions, seminars, 

social events  

On-going basis 

Corporate citizenship, update 

on industry trends   

 

Membership of Associations 

 

We engage with several industry associations through membership and participation at their activities 

and events in FY2019 and on an on-going basis: 

- 

Singapore Business Federation 

- 

Singapore Metal and Machinery Association 

- 

Singapore Precision Engineering and Technology Association 

- 

Infocomm Development Authority of Singapore 

Networking with other companies in similar industries as ours enables us to be constantly updated on 

industry trends and help us locate new potential customers and suppliers. 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

6 



IDENTIFICATION



PRIORITISATION



VALIDATION



REVIEW

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT  

 

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant aspects. Relevant aspects are then 

prioritised to identify material factors which are subject to validation. The end result of this process is 

a list of material factors disclosed in this Sustainability Report.  

 

 

 

 

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment during the previous year with the engagement of 

an external consultant, spearheaded by the Sustainability Steering Committee. We engaged our 

employees from different departments, seeking our internal stakeholders’ feedback in the prioritisation 

of these topics. The Sustainability Steering Committee has reviewed the Group’s materiality 

assessment this year, after considering inputs gathered from the day-to-day engagements with our 

various stakeholders during the year. 

 

In order to determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment and society and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying guidance from the GRI, we 

are of the view that the following factors identified as Material EESG Factors in the previous year are 

still relevant in this current period:  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



GOVERNANCE 

 

Corporate governance 

Enterprise risk management 

Business ethics 

 



SOCIAL 

 

Diversity and equal opportunity 

Occupational health and safety 

 



ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

Energy conservation 

Waste management 

 



ECONOMIC 

 

Economic performance 

Procurement practices 

Anti-corruption 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

7 

ECONOMIC 

 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

The Group believes that our financial growth is interconnected to our environmental, social and 

governance factors. We strive to maintain our financial growth to safeguard shareholders’ interests 

and maximise long-term shareholder value through strategic planning to meet the challenges of our 

business environment and through proper management of our resources, which includes a diligent 

and experienced staff force and the long established relationships with our customers and suppliers. 

We will also strive to be a sustainable, socially responsible corporation and will maintain high 

standards of corporate governance, business integrity and professionalism in our dealings with all our 

stakeholders. 

 

The following table is a summarized report of our financial results for the financial years ended 31 

March 2019 and 2018: 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE INDICATORS (S$‘000) 

 

 

 FY2019 

 FY2018 

Revenue 

         17,202  

         16,284  

Gross margin 

           3,882  

           3,250  

Income tax 

              111  

              225  

(Loss)/Profit after tax 

          (1,523)  

           1,388  

 

While the Group recorded better revenue and gross margin in the current year, we were unable to 

sustain the profitability achieved in the previous year, as there was a one-off gain in fair value of 

investment properties in the financial year ended 31 March 2018 (“FY2018”) of S$2.50 million. For 

more detailed information regarding our FY2019 financial results, please refer to the “Financial 

Review” section and the financial statements contained in our Annual Report 2019. 

 

 

 

PROCUREMENT PRACTICES 

 

Distribution of Aluminium Alloy Products 

Our first core business is the distribution of aluminium alloy products. Lightweight and durable, 

aluminium is in itself a highly sustainable material, being abundant, highly recyclable and reusable. 

According to the Aluminium Association based in Virginia, United States, nearly 75% of all aluminium 

ever produced is still in use today1. Aluminium’s unique properties therefore present to traders and 

users a future of infinite possibilities and opportunities.  

 

Our major suppliers are from USA, South Africa, Europe and the PRC and we in turn distribute mainly 

to local customers. Our top suppliers are industrial leaders in their own locality and they employ 

workers on a large scale. Most of them have ISO14001 certification for environmental management 

and ISO9001 certification for quality management and are committed to sustainability development. 

Our South African supplier for instance, is BBBEE (Broad-Based Black Economic Empowerment) 

certified for their efforts towards growing, on a sustainable basis, the economic involvement in 

mainstream businesses for the previously disadvantaged groups. We also buy from local suppliers, 

and our definition for “local” in this report is when the supplier is in the same geographic boundary as 

our subsidiary that buys from it. For instance, a PRC aluminium mill supplying to our PRC subsidiary 

directly is considered a local supplier. We purchase from local suppliers mostly for ready products, so 

the lead time for the supply is shortened and may, as in Singapore’s case, be a matter of only hours 

 

1 According to the Aluminium Association’s website at https://www.aluminum.org  


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

8 

to one or two days. This enables us to respond more flexibly to requests of urgent deliveries from our 

local customers. 

 

Our purchasers choose the suppliers based on needs, quality, service, pricing, terms of payment and 

other relevant conditions and the decision made is in the best interest of the Company and not for any 

personal benefit or gain. We have been in the business since 2004 and have built up good business 

relationships with many of our suppliers on the basis of mutual respect and trust. We do not condone 

unfair business practices such as concealment or misrepresentation of material facts or acceptance of 

bribes. We also will not abuse confidential or privileged information obtained from our suppliers. We 

work closely with our suppliers to ensure their support, for instance, when we need deliveries on an 

urgent basis. 

 

Components Distributions and Cabling Systems Solutions  

Our second core business is components distribution and cabling systems solutions. We are the 

appointed distributor for our cabling systems products and our electronic test tools. We buy mostly 

through the Singapore outlets of these principals and we consider such purchases as local 

purchases. One of our principal is an active member of the U.S. Green Building Council (USGBC), a 

membership-based non-profit organization that promotes sustainable practices in building design, 

construction, and operation, and is committed to design and implement solutions that create healthy, 

energy efficient, and sustainable business environments. As for our electronic test tools, the 

increasing need for companies to improve quality, comply with regulatory or industrial standards, and 

maintain a safe working environment, should further increase the demand for such products. 

 

Other than from our principals, we also purchased from other local suppliers, who are mostly small 

and medium-sized enterprises. Maintaining close relationships with these local suppliers who have 

information on the local industry trends will benefit the Group, by enhancing our market awareness 

locally as well. Our procurement practices are similar to that for our aluminium products distribution 

business, as mentioned above. 

 

During the financial year ended 31 March 2019, purchases from local suppliers made up 37% of total 

purchases, as compared to 36% for the previous financial year. In the previous year, we had set a 

target to increase our purchases from local suppliers; however the uncertain economic conditions 

during this financial year had limited some of our purchasing choices such that the increase is not 

significant. However, we will maintain our target to increase local purchases in the next financial year 

ending 31 March 2020 (“FY2020”), to improve our response time in delivering to our customers as a 

whole and to enhance our local market presence. 

 

 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

 

As the Group’s businesses are conducted in various countries, the Group expects the directors and 

staff to be apprised of the legal and regulatory requirements applicable to their business 

responsibilities and to conduct our businesses in accordance with these laws and regulations. In 

particular, the Group requires that the directors and staff carry out business transactions with integrity 

and avoid corruption or bribery in any form.  

 

Our finance teams oversee the implementation of appropriate controls and procedures to monitor and 

prevent inappropriate forms of payment across all our subsidiaries. This includes, for example, 

duplicate or overpayments, and payment requests to third parties not associated with underlying 

transactions. We will take disciplinary action against any employee confirmed of bribery or corruption 

or may also refer the case to the relevant law enforcement authorities if appropriate. 

 

In the context of Singapore, we are subject to the Prevention of Corruption Act, which covers 

employees, public servants and others who corruptly receive or give bribes as an inducement or 

reward for performing or not performing a transaction. The law also has extra-territorial effect, so 

Singaporeans who offer bribes or receives bribes overseas will be liable for punishment. 

 

We have implemented a whistle blowing policy to provide a mechanism for employees as well as 

other external stakeholders to raise concerns in confidence and without fear of reprisals about 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

9 

possible improprieties in the areas of:  

 

1.  Fraudulent financial reporting  

2.  Misappropriation of assets  

3.  Improper or unauthorized expenditures including bribes  

4.  Violations of laws and regulations, for instance, securities frauds  

5.  Substantial and specific danger to public health or safety  

 

Whistle-blowers may address their concerns via the email address auditcom@newwave.com.sg and 

the Audit Committee will carry out confidential investigations and withhold the identity of the 

complainant, as appropriate. 

 

For the financial year under review, we have not received any report of any corruption (FY2018: Nil), 

as targeted in the previous sustainability report. There are also no reports of whistle blowing received 

(FY2018: Nil). Our target is to maintain zero corruption and zero violations of any laws and regulations 

for FY2020. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

10 

ENVIRONMENTAL  

 

Although the direct impact of our business activities on the environment is relatively small, we would 

like to do our part to contribute to the global goals of mitigating climate change and conserving 

resources. Our environmental efforts focus on finding ways to reduce energy consumption and waste. 

 

 

ENERGY CONSERVATION 

 

We believe in investing our time and effort towards energy efficiency, as we not only help protect the 

environment but can also lower our financial costs. The Group’s electricity consumption is from 

regular operations of the offices and factories in the various regions where our subsidiaries are 

situated and is consumed for operating machines and office equipment, lighting as well as 

cooling/heating systems. We monitored the total electricity usage for our metal service centres 

situated in Singapore, the PRC and in Johor and Penang in Malaysia and the total consumption 

during FY2019 was 186,759 kilowatt hours (kWh). We have not included usage at locations with only 

sales offices, as consumption at these locations are insignificant in comparison. Assuming there are 

no additional facilities added, we target to maintain usage at the same level for FY2020 which should 

amount to approximately 214,000 kWh (after extrapolating Penang’s usage as Penang was fully 

operational only from October 2018). 

 

We have since FY2018 and as at the date of this report observed energy conservation efforts by 

adopting the following practices across the subsidiaries: 

 

• Switching off lights, computers and air conditioning systems at the end of the work day 

• Regular maintenance of all our operations machines, as well as office equipment such as 

refrigerators,   air-conditioners and heaters so as to maintain higher efficiency  

• Use energy saving equipment and lighting 

• Set temperature of air conditioners to 25˚C for the Singapore and Malaysian subsidiaries 

• Raising awareness among employees and educate them about energy conservation and emission 

reductions 

 

We use fuels and diesel for operating our forklifts, vans and trucks. Regular maintenance and 

scheduled overhauls for our forklifts and transport vehicles are part of our asset management policy 

to improve fuel consumption and reduce emission of pollutants. Our logistics staff also plans the 

delivery route each day to cut wastage of fuels where possible. 

 

We are also supportive of industry-wide initiatives undertaken by our business partners and especially 

our principals to mitigate the environmental impacts. The products we distribute are designed to 

include operational energy efficiency and end-of-life and disposal considerations.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

11 

WASTE MANAGEMENT 

 

We strive to be environmentally responsible with our commitment towards preserving the environment 

through efficient waste management such as reuse and recycling to allow us to operate in a 

sustainable environment.  

 

Key initiatives that have been in place since FY2018 and as at the date of this report include the 

following:  

 

a. 

We remind our staff across the Group to reduce the consumption of paper through 

enhancements made to our daily operating routines. Such enhancements include the scanning of 

documents which are then stored digitally in computers and servers to avoid overprinting. In 

addition, electronic version of statement of accounts are issued to customers and suppliers. We 

also recycle used paper, using them for drafts and internal documentation.    

 

b. 

We refurbish and reuse equipment and tools to prolong its useful life where ever possible. 

 

c. 

The main waste materials generated from our aluminium products distribution operations are the 

aluminium shavings from the cutting and sawing of our materials. Our aluminium shavings from 

production are collected for outsource recycling.  

 

d. 

Used saw blades for cutting our aluminium products are re-sharpened for re-use to prolong their 

useful life. 

 

e. 

We are actively involved in the recycling of used packaging materials including cartons, plastic, 

strings, wraps, wooden pallets and paper. 

We also do our part to protect the environment by proper disposal of waste, and especially toxic 

waste, through licensed contractors. We are committed to ensuring compliance with applicable 

environmental laws. There were no incidents of non-compliance with environmental rules or 

regulations in FY2019 as targeted in the previous year (FY2018: Nil) and we target to perform the 

same for FY2020. 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

12 

SOCIAL 

 

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

 

We are an equal opportunity employer and embrace the principles of equality and non-discrimination 

when hiring employees. Recruitment, remuneration, promotion and benefits are handled based on 

objective assessment, equal opportunity and non-discrimination basis, regardless of gender, race, 

religion, age or marital status.   

 

We encourage diversity in our work force, as we believe that by bringing in people with different 

experiences, backgrounds and skills, we can encourage innovation and we are better able to meet 

various challenges. Our diversity strategy is facilitated by our physical locations in three geographic 

regions, and we employ individuals of several nationalities.   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





38%

1%

39%

4%

18%

2019 - By Nationality

Chinese

Filipino

Malaysian

Nepalese

Singaporean







35%

1%

33%

7%

24%

2018 - By Nationality

Chinese

Filipino

Malaysian

Nepalese

Singaporean


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

13 

 

As for gender diversity, we actively address any unconscious bias for gender preference and promote 

gender balance. We aim to develop an inclusive culture that respects the contribution of all 

employees regardless of gender, race or age. The proportion of males as a percentage of the total 

workforce as at the end of FY2019 is 56% (FY2018 – 57%) denoting more men are hired to work on 

the production floor handling the machines as well as doing the deliveries to customers, as indicated 

in the pie charts below.  

 

 

 

 

The proportion of women holding management positions in our organization has declined when 

compared to the previous year with the addition of a new metal service centre in Penang and likewise, 

production departments are mostly staffed by men due to the nature of the job, as indicated in the bar 

charts below. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



44%

56%

2019 - By Gender



Female



Male



43%

57%

2018 - By Gender



Female



Male







0%

10%

20%

30%

40%

50%

60%

70%

80%

Female

Male

18%

21%

7%

53%

75%

26%

2019 - Staff Distribution

Management

Production

Staff


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

14 

 

 

 

 

 

As for age diversity, we value our matured workers for their experience, knowledge and skills, but 

recognize the need to train younger workers to drive the Group’s operations in the future.  For 

FY2019, we have maintained the percentage of our workforce below the age of 35 at 57%, which is 

similar to the percentage for FY2018.  

 

 

 

 

 









0%

10%

20%

30%

40%

50%

60%

70%

Female

Male

33%

19%

6%

60%

61%

21%

2018 - Staff Distribution

Management

Production

Staff







19%

38%

13%

19%

11%

2019 - By Age

25 and below

26-35

36-45

46-55

above 55


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

15 

 

 

 

TRAINING AND STAFF DEVELOPMENT 

 

We provide employees with equal opportunities for training and development based on their strengths 

and needs, to help them achieve their full potential.  Suitable training is extended to employees to 

enable them to perform at optimal levels and include on-the-job training and mentoring, job rotation, 

product and technical updates conducted by principals and courses, seminars and webinars 

conducted by external trainers.  

 

In Singapore, any new production staff that is required to handle forklifts will be sent for a week-long 

certificate course conducted by companies approved by the Ministry of Manpower. All production staff 

handling the cutting of metals are sent regularly to attend courses on safety in the handling of 

machines. For all locations under the aluminium products distribution business, we conduct in-house 

training to improve knowledge of our products for sales staff to enable them to communicate better 

with customers. As for the electronics components business, our various principals conduct seminars 

and workshops to update their distributors on their products and we have always participated by 

sending our sales engineers and the General Manager to attend such courses. Administrative and 

accounts staff are sent for courses relevant to the work they handle, for instance when there are 

changes in regulations that affect the Group, as in the case of changes in regulations under the 

Goods and Services Tax (GST). 

 

We have not monitored the exact number of training hours in the past year, but we target to achieve 

in FY2020, an average training of two hours per employee for our operations in Singapore and 

Malaysia. We will gradually extend our target to cover the PRC operations at a later date, as we have 

only recently acquired the operations in Suzhou, PRC. 

 

Employees are appraised through inputs from the supervisors and managers, as well as periodic 

formal appraisals. Promotion is based on merit, competency and suitability. As we value our 

employees, we will double our efforts to consider promoting existing employees before hiring for new 

or vacant positions. 

 

The Company and its subsidiaries will continue to abide by the local labour laws in the countries 

within which we operate to promote fair employment practices. In FY2019, we did not receive any 

complaints from our staff nor any reports of non-compliance from the authorities (FY2018: Nil) and we 

target to maintain this record for FY2020. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





22%

35%

11%

20%

12%

2018 - By Age

25 and below

26-35

36-45

46-55

above 55


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

16 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

 

Our employees are an integral part of our organization and we are committed to providing them a safe 

and pleasant environment to work in. Production sites will have safety risks, but we aim to create and 

sustain a safety focused, zero-accident culture.  

 

At our production sites, the workers are required to operate the cutting machines, forklifts and to 

handle the heavy aluminium products. We must therefore maintain a safety-conscious culture 

amongst our workers to avoid any industrial accidents. We have a set of safety rules and regulations 

in place and all new employees are briefed on safety procedures during orientation. For the financial 

year ending 31 March 2020, management intends to implement periodic briefing sessions to 

constantly remind employees the importance of maintaining a safety conscious culture and to 

emphasize to every employee that each is responsible for his own safety and the safety of his co-

workers.  

 

The house rules include: 

-  proper housekeeping to maintain tidy work areas to avoid falls from unexpected obstacles. Workers 

are to keep the aisles clear of products or debris for safe operation of the forklifts. 

- cleaning and sweeping the production floor regularly and at the end of the day 

- wear the right protection equipment when handling the machines which include gloves, face masks, 

and safety boots 

- be always alert when operating machines and not engage in any unsafe or negligent act that may 

endanger yourself or others working in the vicinity 

- report to the supervisor any possible health or safety hazards that have come to your attention. 

 

Each location will have ready first-aid kits maintained on the premises to provide immediate first aid 

treatments to workers or others who sustain injuries at the location. The employees handling forklifts 

are licenced to do so after attending proper training courses. In Singapore, all our workers have 

attended safety courses on metal working, as required by the Ministry of Manpower. 

 

The Group recorded zero workplace accidents during FY2019 as targeted in the previous 

sustainability report (FY2018: Nil) and is targeting the same for FY2020.  

 

We encourage our employees to live healthy lives with proper diets and regular exercise. The 

Company provides free medical consultations and medication, so workers who are unwell may visit 

the Company approved clinics situated near each of our offices, or any government run clinics. We 

believe in reducing workplace stress and encourage workers to relax during breaks and aim for work-

life balance.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

17 

GOVERNANCE 

 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 

Our Board and Management are committed to continually enhancing shareholder value by 

maintaining high standards of corporate governance, professionalism, integrity and commitment at all 

levels, underpinned by strong internal controls and risk management systems. 

 

Our corporate governance practices are set out in the Group’s 2019 annual report in the section 

entitled “Corporate Governance Report” (pages 10 to 24), with specific references to the principles 

and guidelines of the Code of Corporate Governance 2012 (the “Code”). Where the Group’s practices 

differ from the principles and guidelines under the Code, any deviation from the recommended 

guidelines under the Code will be duly explained and set out under the Corporate Governance 

Report.  

 

The Board of Directors sets the overall strategic directions for the Group, establishes goals for 

management and monitors the achievement of these goals. Specific functions are delegated to Board 

Committees. The Nominating Committee ensures the balance and diversity of the Board, assesses 

the performance of the Board and of each Board Committee, as well as the contribution each director 

made towards the Board’s effectiveness. The Nominating Committee also conducts rigorous 

evaluations of the independence of the independent directors. The Audit Committee works with the 

external auditors and ensures the quality and integrity of the financial reports, audit procedures, risk 

management and internal controls. . The Audit Committee also ensures that the internal audit function 

is independent, effective and adequately resourced. The Remuneration Committee ensures that the 

Directors and key management personnel are adequately but not excessively remunerated.  

 

The Board’s policy is to treat all shareholders fairly and equitably and to provide them with timely 

information on the Group’s financial performance and material developments through public 

announcements via SGXNET, press publications where appropriate, circulars and annual reports. 

 

The Group has in place an internal code of conduct to ensure that the Directors and key officers 

adhere to the provisions of the Companies Act and other relevant regulations with regard to their 

securities transactions, with particular attention to observe insider-trading laws and regulations. 

 

In FY2019, there were no incidents of non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations (FY2018: 

Nil) and we target to maintain this record in FY2020. 

 

 

 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT  

 

The Group is subject to various risks inherent to the different countries, industries and markets in 

which it does business and to the activities it carries out in each location. Such risks may have 

negative impacts on its productivity and profitability, and work against achieving its objectives and 

implementing its strategies. 

 

Aware of the significance of this issue, the Management undertakes to provide resources to 

adequately identify, measure, manage and control the significant risks to all the activities and 

businesses of the Group. It has established an enterprise-wide risk management framework which is 

embedded in the internal control systems of the Group so as to enhance its risk management 

capabilities. This included institutionalising a systematic risk assessment methodology for the 

identification, assessment, reporting and monitoring of risks on a consistent and reliable basis. The 

system is also constantly reviewed and refined, to ensure its relevance in a dynamic operating 

environment. 

 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

18 

The risk management framework addresses financial, operational, compliance and information 

technology risks to safeguard the Group’s assets. On an annual basis, the Audit Committee reviews 

the risk management policies and system implemented by the Group.  

 

 

 

BUSINESS ETHICS 

 

We are committed to operating our businesses with integrity, accountability and high ethical 

standards.  

 

We do not tolerate bribery and corrupt practices or any other behaviour that may bring disrepute to 

the Group. We expect honesty, integrity and respect to be exhibited in our dealings and interactions 

within and outside the Group. All business dealings should be transparently performed and accurately 

reflected in the Group’s books and records. 

 

The Group also takes measures to safeguard access to personal data that are stored on its premises 

or servers. This applies to data obtained during recruitment of staff, personal data of existing staff, 

including their medical records and other confidential information relating to customers, suppliers and 

shareholders. Access to personal data is restricted to authorised persons on a strict need-to-know 

basis. The Group has appointed a Data Protection Officer and has ensured that he had received the 

relevant training by attending talks and seminars. He is also registered with the Personal Data 

Protection Commission so that he could keep abreast of related developments and help the 

organisation comply with the Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA). In FY2019, there were no 

incidents of non-compliance with the PDPA and we target to maintain this record for FY2020.  

 

We will also try to protect all confidential data against cyber security risks in order to protect the 

confidential information of all stakeholders through constant monitoring of our information technology 

systems. The Group subscribes for an internet leased line from a reputable internet service provider 

who also manages the firewall to ensure first line protection against malware and infections. The 

service provider works closely with our own IT staff to ensure that regular updates are done and any 

potential cyber-attacks are discovered early and are disarmed before doing any harm to our systems. 

We also regularly remind all our computer users to stay vigilant to avoid falling prey to phishing or 

other threats.  

 

In FY2019, there were no reports of any leaks from our information systems and we did not suffer any 

loss of data through any attempted attacks on our systems. We target to maintain this performance in 

FY2020. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 – GRI Standards Content Index 

1 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

102-6 

Markets served 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

Social, page 12 to 15 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Social, page 12 to 15 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Procurement Practice, page 7 to 8 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

Not applicable 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

New Wave does not specifically 

address the precautionary approach. 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Not applicable 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Stakeholders Engagement, page 5 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

Board Statement, page 2 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour 

Governance, page 17 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Annual report, page 10 to 24 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholders Engagement, page 5 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Stakeholders Engagement, page 5 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholders Engagement, page 5 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholders Engagement, page 5 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

Annual report, page 72 to 73 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Board Statement, page 2 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Materiality Assessment, page 6 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

Not applicable 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None 

102-50 

Reporting period 

1 April 2018 to 31 March 2019 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

1 April 2017 to 31 March 2018 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the report 

info@newwave.com.sg 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

This report was guided by the GRI 

standards, Core option. 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Page 19 to 20 

102-56 

External Assurance 

We may seek external assurance in the 

future. 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: 

Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Page 7 

GRI 204: 

Procurement 

Practice 

204-1 

Proportion of spending on local suppliers 

 

Page  8 

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

Page 8 to 9 

 GRI 302: Energy 

 

302-4 

Reduction of energy consumption 

Page 10 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2019 – GRI Standards Content Index 

2 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 306: 

Effluents and 

Waste 

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal method 

Page 11 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and Safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and 

number of work-related fatalities 

Page 16 

GRI 405: 

Diversity and 

equal 

opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

Page 12 to 15 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

