
 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2021 

1 

NEW WAVE HOLDINGS LTD. 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 

 

 

 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 

01 BOARD STATEMENT 

02 ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

03 APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

04 ECONOMIC 

05 ENVIRONMENTAL 

06 SOCIAL 

07 GOVERNANCE 

08 GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2021 

2 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

The board of directors (the “Board”) of New Wave Holdings Ltd. (“New Wave” or the “Company”, 

and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is pleased to present the annual Sustainability 

Report of the Company for our financial year ended 31 March 2021 (“FY2021”). This report is 

prepared by taking reference from the Sustainability Reporting Guide in Practice Note 7F of the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of 

Catalist and references the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards which represent the global 

best practices for reporting on a range of economic, environmental and social impacts. This report 

highlights the key economic, environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) related factors and 

initiatives carried throughout a 12-month period, from 1 April 2020 to 31 March 2021. 

 

Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its 

stakeholders. As such, the key material EESG factors for the Group (“Material EESG Factors”) 

have been identified and cautiously reviewed by the management and approved by the Board. The 

data and information provided have not been verified by an independent third party. We have relied 

on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy of data and information. The Board 

has overseen the management and monitoring of the Material EESG Factors and takes them into 

consideration in the determination of the Group’s strategic direction and policies.  

 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this 

enables us to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments 

and suggestions to NW_IR@newwave.com.sg. 

 

30 August 2021 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2021 

3 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

 

The Company was incorporated in Singapore on 4 November 1999 and has been listed on Catalist 

of the Singapore Exchange since 14 August 2000. Headquartered in Singapore at 101 Kitchener 

Road #02-17, Jalan Besar Plaza, Singapore 208511, the Company operates through several 

subsidiaries in Singapore, Malaysia and the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), and has two 

core business activities, namely the distribution of aluminium alloy products and the components 

distribution business. Our aluminium alloy products are sold to a wide spectrum of customers 

ranging from multi-international corporations to small and medium size local firms and are used in 

many industries including precision engineering, transport engineering, semiconductor equipment, 

electronics, and many others. The components distribution business encompasses the distribution of 

active and passive IT cabling system solutions, portable cabling testing and certification tools, 

monitoring and troubleshooting handheld tools and appliances, intelligent cabling system based 

projects and includes professional consultancy, training services, software implementation, database 

integration and customer care services. 

 

The table below shows the organizational structure of the Group: 

 

 

 

 

 




























 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2021 

4 



Plan and 

Scope



Engage 

Stakeholders



Assess 

Materiality



Collect Data



Report

APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE 

 

The Group has in place a Sustainability Steering Committee which is led by key management 

executives and supported by representatives from various functional and geographic divisions in the 

Group.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 













The Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer 

(“CEO”) 

formulate 

the 

corporate 

sustainability 

strategies 

and 

guidelines 

and 

monitor 

overall 

performance. 

The Sustainability Steering Committee comprise the 

General Managers of each division, the Financial 

Controller and representatives from each geographic 

segment and helps to organize and coordinate the 

sustainability initiatives. 

New 

Wave’s 

employees 

support 

the 

Group’s 

sustainability programmes and policies and assist with 

the implementation and execution of the sustainability 

initiatives and the collection of data for monitoring 

performance. 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2021 

5 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT  

 

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and material 

aspects relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken 

into account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, but are not 

limited to, customers, suppliers, shareholders, employees, and regulators. We adopt both formal and 

informal channels of communication to understand the needs of key stakeholders, and incorporate 

these into our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships. 

 

Key 

Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Key Concerns Raised 

Customers 

Meetings, 

e-procurement 

platforms, phone calls, 

teleconferences and email 

communications 

Daily 

Quality control and on-time 

delivery, technical support,  

competitive pricing, suitable  

payment terms 

 

Suppliers 

Meetings, e-procurement 

platforms, phone calls, 

teleconferences, email  

communications and 

factory visits 

Regular basis 

Quality of products, smooth 

and timely delivery, 

competitive prices 

 

Shareholders 

Announcements on 

SGXNet, annual general 

meetings, annual reports, 

the Company’s website 

(www.newwave.com.sg) 

 

Half yearly for financial  

results announcements,  

general meetings are 

held annually, other  

communications on ad- 

hoc 

basis 

throughout 

the year 

 

Profitability and returns, good 

corporate governance, timely 

and accurate information 

Employees 

Induction programme for 

new employees, team 

discussions, training 

sessions, meetings, 

feedback channels, emails, 

performance reviews 

Regular basis 

Career growth, training  

opportunities, benefits and  

incentives, pleasant and safe 

working environment,  

alignment of personal goals  

with Company’s goals 

 

Regulators 

Seminars and consultation 

sessions with key 

regulatory bodies, meetings  

On-going basis for  

reviews and updates, 

and whenever there are 

changes in regulations 

 

Compliance with laws and  

regulations, safe environment, 

health and other social issues 

Community/ 

Industry 

Associations 

Phone calls and other 

communications with non-

profit organisations, 

participation at trade 

exhibitions, seminars, 

social events  

On-going basis 

Corporate citizenship, update 

on industry trends   

 

Membership of Associations 

 

We engage with several industry associations through membership and participation at their activities 

and events in FY2021 and on an on-going basis: 

- 

Singapore Business Federation 

- 

Singapore Metal and Machinery Association 

- 

Singapore Precision Engineering and Technology Association 

- 

Infocomm Development Authority of Singapore 

Networking with other companies in similar industries as ours enables us to be constantly updated on 

industry trends and help us locate new potential customers and suppliers. 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2021 

6 



IDENTIFICATION



PRIORITISATION



VALIDATION



REVIEW

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT  

 

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant aspects. Relevant aspects are then 

prioritised to identify material factors which are subject to validation. The end result of this process is 

a list of material factors disclosed in this Sustainability Report.  

 

 

 

 

 

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment during FY2018 with the engagement of an 

external consultant, spearheaded by the Sustainability Steering Committee. We engaged our 

employees from different departments, seeking our internal stakeholders’ feedback in the prioritisation 

of these topics. The Sustainability Steering Committee reviews the Group’s materiality assessment on 

a yearly basis, and has done the review this year, using inputs gathered from the day-to-day 

engagements with our various stakeholders during the year. 

 

In order to determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment and society and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying guidance from the GRI, we 

are of the view that the following factors identified as Material EESG Factors in the previous year are 

still relevant in this current period:  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



GOVERNANCE 

 

Corporate governance 

Enterprise risk management 

Business ethics 

 



SOCIAL 

 

Diversity and equal opportunity 

Occupational health and safety 

 

 



ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

Energy conservation 

Waste management 

 



ECONOMIC 

 

Economic performance 

Procurement practices 

Anti-corruption 

 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2021 

7 

ECONOMIC 

 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

The Group believes that our financial growth is interconnected to our environmental, social and 

governance factors. We strive to maintain our financial growth to safeguard shareholders’ interests 

and maximise long-term shareholder value through strategic planning to meet the challenges of our 

business environment and through proper management of our resources, which includes a diligent 

and experienced staff force and the long established relationships with our customers and suppliers. 

We will also strive to be a sustainable, socially responsible corporation and will maintain high 

standards of corporate governance, business integrity and professionalism in our dealings with all our 

stakeholders. 

 

Through our operating activities, the Group has created value to various stakeholders – our 

customers, suppliers, employees, banks and others. We append below a table showing the direct 

economic value generated and distributed in FY2021:- 

 

DIRECT ECONOMIC VALUE GENERATED AND DISTRIBUTED - S$'000 

Item 

Stakeholder 

FY2021 

Direct economic value generated 

 

             16,961  

Revenue from sales of goods 

Customers and various other 

stakeholders 

              16,502  

Revenue from financial investments 

                     40  

Revenue from sale of waste products 

                     38  

Other operating income 

                   381  

Economic value distributed 

 

            (17,687) 

Payment to suppliers of goods and 

services 

Suppliers and other contractors 

         (14,610) 

Employment costs and other benefits 

Employees 

               (2,772) 

Payments to providers of capital 

Banks and other finance institutions 

                  (222) 

Payments to government including taxes 

Government 

                    (83) 

Economic value lost 

 

                  (726) 

 

We are committed to generating and increasing economic value to our stakeholders, however, the 

Group has to contend with the adverse effects on its performance from the long drawn trade disputes 

among the larger economies as well as the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak. The Components 

Distribution business in particular suffered loss of revenue as customers shelved major projects for 

future consideration. The Aluminium Products Distribution Division supplies to essential services and 

thus avoided protracted periods of inactivity from lockdowns, and was able to achieve some growth in 

sales. However, as a Group, we were not able to turn in profits during the year. For more detailed 

information regarding our FY2021 financial results, please refer to the “Financial Review” section and 

the financial statements contained in our Annual Report 2021. 

 

 

 

PROCUREMENT PRACTICES 

 

Distribution of Aluminium Alloy Products 

Our first core business is the distribution of aluminium alloy products. Lightweight and durable, 

aluminium is in itself a highly sustainable material, being abundant, highly recyclable and reusable. 

According to the Aluminium Association based in Virginia, United States, nearly 75% of all aluminium 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2021 

8 

ever produced is still in use today1. Aluminium’s unique properties therefore present to traders and 

users a future of infinite possibilities and opportunities.  

 

Our major suppliers are from USA, South Africa, Europe and the PRC and we in turn distribute mainly 

to local customers. Our top suppliers are industrial leaders in their own locality and they employ 

workers on a large scale. Most of them have ISO14001 certification for environmental management 

and ISO9001 certification for quality management and are committed to sustainability development. 

Our South African supplier for instance, is BBBEE (Broad-Based Black Economic Empowerment) 

certified for their efforts towards growing, on a sustainable basis, the economic involvement in 

mainstream businesses for the previously disadvantaged groups. We also buy from local suppliers, 

and our definition for “local” in this report is when the supplier is in the same geographic boundary as 

our subsidiary that buys from it. For instance, a PRC aluminium mill supplying to our PRC subsidiary 

directly is considered a local supplier. We purchase from local suppliers mostly for ready products, so 

the lead time for the supply is shortened and may, as in Singapore’s case, be a matter of only hours 

to one or two days. This enables us to respond more flexibly to requests of urgent deliveries from our 

local customers. 

 

Our purchasers choose the suppliers based on needs, quality, service, pricing, terms of payment and 

other relevant conditions and the decision made is in the best interest of the Company and not for any 

personal benefit or gain. We have been in the business since 2004 and have built up good business 

relationships with many of our suppliers on the basis of mutual respect and trust. We do not condone 

unfair business practices such as concealment or misrepresentation of material facts or acceptance of 

bribes. We also will not abuse confidential or privileged information obtained from our suppliers. We 

work closely with our suppliers to ensure their support, for instance, when we need deliveries on an 

urgent basis. In FY2021, we did not receive any reports of malfeasance from our employees or from 

our suppliers, and we target to maintain this zero complaints record for the next financial year ending 

31 March 2022 (“FY2022”). 

 

Components Distributions and Cabling Systems Solutions  

Our second core business is components distribution and cabling systems solutions. We are the 

appointed distributor for our cabling systems products and our electronic test tools. We buy mostly 

through the Singapore outlets of these principals and we consider such purchases as local 

purchases.  One of our principals is an innovative industrial technology company that produces 

calibration and measurement tools for various applications including environmental, health and safety 

compliance, industrial condition monitoring, next-generation product design, and healthcare safety 

solutions. They produce meters that are used to track and reduce greenhouse gas emissions and 

software-enabled smart instruments to maintain temperature, humidity and ventilation levels for 

occupant health and comfort, and help regulate building health and manage energy costs. As for their 

electronic test tools which form the bulk of our purchases from them, the increasing need for 

companies to improve quality, comply with regulatory or industrial standards, and maintain a safe 

working environment, should further increase the demand for such products. 

 

Other than from our principals, we also purchased from other local suppliers, who are mostly small 

and medium-sized enterprises. Maintaining close relationships with these local suppliers who have 

information on the local industry trends will benefit the Group, by enhancing our market awareness 

locally as well. Our procurement practices are similar to that for our aluminium products distribution 

business, as mentioned above. 

 

Supporting local suppliers   

The trade tensions that began in 2018 had affected our businesses across all segments adversely, 

with the PRC market segment being the worst hit. As a part of our continuous plan to support local 

suppliers and to mitigate the effects of high tariffs imposed as a result of the trade disputes between 

the United States of America and the PRC, we had in FY2020 increased our purchases from the PRC 

local suppliers significantly as these purchases are not subject to tariffs. We have continued this 

practice for this financial year, and thus purchases from local suppliers made up 48% of total 

purchases, as compared to 47% for the previous financial year. We have therefore met our target of 

maintaining the same percentage, and in fact have even achieved a slight increase. We hope to 

 

1 According to the Aluminium Association’s website at https://www.aluminum.org  


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2021 

9 

continue our goal of supporting local suppliers, and we therefore target to maintain the same 

percentage of local purchases (48%) in FY2022, so as to improve our response time in delivering to 

our customers as a whole and to enhance our local market presence. 

 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

 

As the Group’s businesses are conducted in various countries, the Group expects the directors and 

staff to be apprised of the legal and regulatory requirements applicable to their business 

responsibilities and to conduct our businesses in accordance with these laws and regulations. In 

particular, the Group requires that the directors and staff carry out business transactions with integrity 

and avoid corruption or bribery in any form.  

 

Our finance teams oversee the implementation of appropriate controls and procedures to monitor and 

prevent inappropriate forms of payment across all our subsidiaries. This includes, for example, 

duplicate or overpayments, and payment requests to third parties not associated with underlying 

transactions. We will take disciplinary action against any employee confirmed of bribery or corruption 

or may also refer the case to the relevant law enforcement authorities if appropriate. 

 

In the context of Singapore, we are subject to the Prevention of Corruption Act, which covers 

employees, public servants and others who corruptly receive or give bribes as an inducement or 

reward for performing or not performing a transaction. The law also has extra-territorial effect, so 

Singaporeans who offer bribes or receives bribes overseas will be liable for punishment. 

 

We have implemented a whistle blowing policy to provide a mechanism for employees as well as 

other external stakeholders to raise concerns in confidence and without fear of reprisals about 

possible improprieties in the areas of:  

 

1.  Fraudulent financial reporting  

2.  Misappropriation of assets  

3.  Improper or unauthorized expenditures including bribes  

4.  Violations of laws and regulations, for instance, securities frauds  

5.  Substantial and specific danger to public health or safety  

 

Whistle-blowers may address their concerns via the email address auditcom@newwave.com.sg and 

the Audit Committee will carry out confidential investigations and withhold the identity of the 

complainant, as appropriate. 

 

For the financial year under review, we have not received any report of any corruption (FY2020: Nil), 

as targeted in the previous sustainability report. There are also no reports of whistle blowing received 

(FY2020: Nil). Our target is to maintain zero corruption and zero violations of any laws and regulations 

for FY2022. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2021 

10 

ENVIRONMENTAL  

 

Although the direct impact of our business activities on the environment is relatively small, we would 

like to do our part to contribute to the global goals of mitigating climate change and conserving 

resources. Our environmental efforts focus on finding ways to reduce energy consumption and waste. 

 

 

ENERGY CONSERVATION 

 

We believe in investing our time and effort towards energy efficiency, as we not only help protect the 

environment but can also lower our operating costs. The Group’s electricity consumption is from 

regular operations of the offices and factories in the various regions where our subsidiaries are 

situated and is consumed for operating machines and office equipment, lighting as well as 

cooling/heating systems. We monitored the total electricity usage for our metal service centers 

situated in Singapore, the PRC and in Johor and Penang in Malaysia but have not included usage at 

locations with only sales offices, as consumption at these locations are insignificant in comparison. 

Based on historical consumption patterns we had initially set a target for electricity consumption of 

214,000 kWh for FY2020. However the total consumption for FY2020 was 180,190 kilowatt hours 

(kWh), which was 16% below our initial target. We have expended much effort towards conservation, 

but the decline in usage is also mainly attributable to the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic and the 

lockdowns implemented by the governments in Malaysia and the PRC.  

 

We had expected this trend to continue into FY2021 and therefore have set our target to maintain 

electricity consumption at a slightly higher volume of 190,000 kWh. We have met our target for 

FY2021 as the total consumption recorded was 188,173 kWh. During FY2021, our factories in 

Singapore and Malaysia were closed for two weeks and one month respectively, while our facilities in 

the PRC were not affected as all offices resumed normal operations just before the start of our 

financial year on 1 April 2020. As our factories are involved in the distribution of high grade aluminium 

alloy products and these are needed in the supply chains that service the medical and healthcare 

industries, the transport sector, the defence and military equipment industries, etc. our services are 

considered essential services. As such we have avoided prolonged closures of our operations. 

However, we encourage our Administrative and accounts staff to work from home where possible.  

 

Globally, governments are working towards containment of the pandemic through vaccinations and 

other measures. If some degree of success is achieved, we expect to see further growth in sales, and 

hence greater usage of our facilities and our machines. We therefore expect higher consumption of 

electricity and have set a target at 200,000 kWh for FY2022, although we will continue with all energy 

conservation efforts. 

 

We have since FY2018 and as at the date of this report observed energy conservation efforts by 

adopting the following practices across the subsidiaries: 

 

• Switching off lights, computers and air conditioning systems at the end of the work day. 

• Regular maintenance of all our operations machines, as well as office equipment such as 

refrigerators,   air-conditioners and heaters so as to maintain higher efficiency.  

• Use energy saving equipment and lighting. 

• Set temperature of air conditioners to 25˚C for the Singapore and Malaysian subsidiaries. 

• Raising awareness among employees and educating them about energy conservation and emission 

reductions. 

 

We use fuels and diesel for operating our forklifts, vans and trucks. Regular maintenance and 

scheduled overhauls for our forklifts and transport vehicles are part of our asset management policy 

to improve fuel consumption and reduce emission of pollutants. Our logistics staff also plans the 

delivery route each day to cut wastage of fuels where possible. 

 

We are also supportive of industry-wide initiatives undertaken by our business partners and especially 

our principals to mitigate the environmental impacts. The products we distribute are designed to 

include operational energy efficiency and end-of-life and disposal considerations.  


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2021 

11 

WASTE MANAGEMENT 

 

We strive to be environmentally responsible with our commitment towards preserving the environment 

through efficient waste management such as reuse and recycling to allow us to operate in a 

sustainable environment.  

 

Key initiatives that have been in place since FY2018 and as at the date of this report include the 

following:  

 

a. 

We remind our staff across the Group to reduce the consumption of paper through 

enhancements made to our daily operating routines. Such enhancements include the scanning of 

documents which are then stored digitally in computers and servers to avoid overprinting. In 

addition, electronic version of statement of accounts are issued to customers and suppliers. We 

also recycle used paper, using them for drafts and internal documentation.    

 

b. 

We refurbish and reuse equipment and tools to prolong their useful life where ever possible. 

 

c. 

The main waste materials generated from our aluminium products distribution operations are the 

aluminium shavings from the cutting and sawing of our materials. Our aluminium shavings from 

production are collected for outsource recycling.  

 

d. 

Used saw blades for cutting our aluminium products are re-sharpened for re-use to prolong their 

useful life. 

 

e. 

We are actively involved in the recycling of used packaging materials including cartons, plastic, 

strings, wraps, wooden pallets and paper. 

We also do our part to protect the environment by proper disposal of waste, and especially toxic 

waste, through licensed contractors. We are committed to ensuring compliance with applicable 

environmental laws. There were no incidents of non-compliance with environmental rules or 

regulations in FY2021 as targeted in the previous year (FY2020: Nil) and we target to perform the 

same for FY2022. 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2021 

12 

SOCIAL 

 

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

 

We are an equal opportunity employer and embrace the principles of equality and non-discrimination 

when hiring employees. Recruitment, remuneration, promotion and benefits are handled based on 

objective assessment, equal opportunity and non-discrimination basis, regardless of gender, race, 

religion, age or marital status.   

 

We encourage diversity in our work force, as we believe that by bringing in people with different 

experiences, backgrounds and skills, we can encourage innovation and we are better able to meet 

various challenges. Our diversity strategy is facilitated by our physical locations in three geographic 

regions, and we employ individuals of several nationalities. The majority of our employees are 

Singaporeans, Malaysians and Chinese, which corresponds with the location of our factories in 

Singapore, Malaysia and the PRC. However, there are several Malaysians and Chinese employed in 

Singapore, while our Malaysian factories employed several Nepalese for the production teams. The 

composition by nationality has remained fairly consistent over the two years shown in the charts 

below.  

 

 

 

 

 









36%

1%

42%

3%

18%

2021 - By Nationality



Chinese



Filipino



Malaysian



Nepalese



Singaporean


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2021 

13 

 

 

 

As for gender diversity, we actively address any unconscious bias for gender preference and promote 

gender balance. We aim to develop an inclusive culture that respects the contribution of all 

employees regardless of gender, race or age. The proportion of males as a percentage of the total 

workforce as at the end of FY2021 is 59% (FY2020 – 58%) denoting more men are hired to work on 

the production floor handling the machines as well as doing the deliveries to customers, as indicated 

in the pie charts below. The proportion has remained consistent over the two years period. 

 

 

 

 







38%

1%

40%

3%

18%

2020 - By Nationality



Chinese



Filipino



Malaysian



Nepalese



Singaporean





41%

59%

2021 - By Gender



Female



Male





42%

58%

2020 - By Gender



Female



Male


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2021 

14 

The total staff strength as at the end of FY2021 remains the same as for FY2020. There were 

improvement in sales during FY2021 for Malaysia and the PRC subsidiaries, hence there was the 

need to increase recruitment of sales staff for these subsidiaries; however we have reduced 

administrative staff through attrition, as well as staff strength in the Components Distribution division, 

as that division has been hard hit by the COVID-19 pandemic and has not done well. The overall 

distribution of men and women in our three major categories of employees has remained consistent 

over the two years with slightly more proportion of men holding management position than women in 

both years. As in the previous year, more men are hired in the production departments due to the 

nature of the job, while the accounts and administrative jobs are staffed mostly by women, as 

indicated in the bar charts below. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 







0%

10%

20%

30%

40%

50%

60%

70%

80%

Female

Male

Management

20%

26%

Production

8%

54%

Staff

73%

19%

2021 - Staff Distribution







0%

10%

20%

30%

40%

50%

60%

70%

80%

Female

Male

Management

18%

21%

Production

8%

54%

Staff

75%

25%

2020 - Staff Distribution


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2021 

15 

As for age diversity, we value our matured workers for their experience, knowledge and skills, but 

recognize the need for succession planning and to employ younger workers to drive the Group’s 

operations in the future.  For FY2021, the percentage of our workforce below the age of 35 is at 48%, 

slightly lower than the percentage for FY2020 of 52%. The Company will continue to remain open to 

the recruitment of young and suitable candidates who are willing to learn on the job.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TRAINING AND STAFF DEVELOPMENT 

 

We provide employees with equal opportunities for training and development based on their strengths 

and needs, to help them achieve their full potential.  Suitable training is extended to employees to 

enable them to perform at optimal levels and include on-the-job training and mentoring, job rotation, 

product and technical updates conducted by principals and courses, seminars and webinars 

conducted by external trainers.  

 

In Singapore, any new production staff that is required to handle forklifts will be sent for a week-long 

certificate course conducted by companies approved by the Ministry of Manpower. All production staff 

handling the cutting of metals are sent regularly to attend courses on safety in the handling of 

machines. For all locations under the aluminium products distribution business, we conduct in-house 

training to improve knowledge of our products for sales staff to enable them to communicate better 

with customers. As for the components distribution business, our various principals conduct seminars 

and workshops to update their distributors on their products and we have in the past years always 

participated by sending our sales engineers and the General Manager to attend such courses. 





13%

35%

22%

16%

14%

2021 - By Age

25 and below

26-35

36-45

46-55

above 55





17%

35%

17%

19%

12%

2020 - By Age

25 and below

26-35

36-45

46-55

above 55


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2021 

16 

However due to the COVID-19 pandemic, no such courses were conducted for FY2021.  

Administrative and accounts staff are sent for courses relevant to the work they handle, for instance 

when there are changes in regulations that affect the Group, as in the case of changes in regulations 

under the Goods and Services Tax (GST),corporate income tax laws or changes in the financial 

reporting systems of their respective countries.  

 

We had set a target to achieve an average training of two hours per employee for our operations and 

we have for FY2021 included all operations throughout the Group i.e. all operations in Singapore, 

Malaysia and the PRC.  

 

The PRC was one of the earliest economy to recover from the adverse effects of the lockdown 

implemented during the COVID-19 pandemic. The PRC government supported local businesses 

through increased infra-structure spending and tax incentives, and our PRC subsidiaries have 

benefitted from the boost to the economy as reflected in the increase in our PRC sales by 

approximately 49% as compared to the prior year. As such, there were recruitment of new sales staff 

to cope with the improved sales and the need to urgently train them for the job. The management 

then took the opportunity to extend the in-house training programmes to include the production and 

administrative staff, by covering in the training programmes, besides product training and sales 

techniques, various other aspects to improve operational efficiency – including in particular safety on 

the production floor, health and safety measures specifically pertaining to the current pandemic 

situation and handling of emergencies e.g. a fresh pandemic attack.  

 

We have thus achieved in FY2021 an average of 5.36 hours of training per employee for the Group, 

exceeding our target set of two hours of training per employee. However, we are not able to manage 

such comprehensive training programmes on a yearly basis; as such, we target to maintain the 

previously set level of two hours of training per employee per year for FY2022.  

 

Employees are appraised through inputs from the supervisors and managers, as well as periodic 

formal appraisals. Promotion is based on merit, competency and suitability. As we value our 

employees, we will typically consider promoting existing employees before hiring for new or vacant 

positions. 

 

The Company and its subsidiaries will continue to abide by the local labour laws in the countries 

within which we operate to promote fair employment practices. In FY2021, we did not receive any 

complaints from our staff nor any reports of non-compliance from the authorities (FY2020: Nil) and we 

target to maintain this record for FY2022. 

 

 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

 

Our employees are an integral part of our organization and we are committed to providing them a safe 

and pleasant environment to work in. Production sites will have safety risks, but we aim to create and 

sustain a safety focused, zero-accident culture. In addition, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we are 

concerned not only with safety in terms of avoiding all accidents, but also the health and well-being of 

our employees. 

 

At our production sites, the workers are required to operate the cutting machines, forklifts and to 

handle the heavy aluminium products. We must therefore maintain a safety-conscious culture 

amongst our workers to avoid any industrial accidents. We have a set of safety rules and regulations 

in place and all new employees are briefed on safety procedures during orientation. As targeted last 

year, the management held regular briefing sessions in FY2021 with the purpose of constantly 

reminding employees the importance of maintaining a safety conscious culture and to emphasize to 

every employee that each is responsible for his own safety and the safety of his co-workers. To curb 

the spread of the COVID-19 infections, we have also reminded the staff of the safe distancing 

measures that are in place. The employees on the production floor have always worked with their 

work gear on, which included appropriate uniform, hard boots, gloves and face masks to protect 

against the dust generated from cutting of the aluminium. At the start of the pandemic, we have 

changed the face masks supplied to them with high quality surgical face masks that have good 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2021 

17 

bacteria filtration efficiency to better protect them. The employees were also reminded to keep their 

masks on even if they moved away from the production floor. 

 

The house rules include: 

- proper housekeeping to maintain tidy work areas to avoid falls from unexpected obstacles. Workers 

are to keep the aisles clear of products or debris for safe operation of the forklifts. 

- cleaning and sweeping the production floor regularly and at the end of the day. 

- wearing the right protective gear when handling the machines which include gloves, face masks, 

and safety boots. 

- be always alert when operating machines and not engage in any unsafe or negligent act that may 

endanger yourself or others working in the vicinity. 

- report to the supervisor any possible health or safety hazards that have come to your attention. 

 

Due to the pandemic, we have added in the house rules that the daily cleaning routine should include 

disinfection of surface areas, and door knobs and other frequently touched areas.  

 

Each location will have ready first-aid kits maintained on the premises to provide immediate first aid 

treatments to workers or others who sustain injuries at the location. The employees handling forklifts 

are licenced to do so after attending proper training courses. In Singapore, all our workers have 

attended safety courses on metal working, as required by the Ministry of Manpower. 

 

The Group recorded zero workplace accidents during FY2021 as targeted in the previous 

sustainability report (FY2020: Nil) and is targeting the same for FY2022.  

 

We encourage our employees to live healthy lives with proper diets and regular exercise. The 

Company provides free medical consultations and medication, so workers who are unwell may visit 

the Company approved clinics situated near each of our offices, or any government run clinics. We 

believe in reducing workplace stress and encourage workers to relax during breaks and aim for work-

life balance.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2021 

18 

GOVERNANCE 

 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 

Our Board and Management are committed to continually enhancing shareholder value by 

maintaining high standards of corporate governance, professionalism, integrity and commitment at all 

levels, underpinned by strong internal controls and risk management systems. 

 

Our corporate governance practices are set out in the Group’s 2021 annual report in the section 

entitled “Corporate Governance Report” (pages 10 to 28), with specific references to the principles 

and guidelines of the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the “Code”). Where the Group’s practices 

differ from the principles and guidelines under the Code, the deviation from the recommended 

guidelines under the Code will be duly explained and set out under the Corporate Governance 

Report.  

 

The Board of Directors sets the overall strategic directions for the Group, establishes goals for 

management and monitors the achievement of these goals. Specific functions are delegated to Board 

Committees. The Nominating Committee ensures the balance and diversity of the Board, assesses 

the performance of the Board and of each Board Committee, as well as the contribution each director 

made towards the Board’s effectiveness. The Nominating Committee also conducts rigorous 

evaluations of the independence of the independent directors. The Audit Committee works with the 

external auditors and ensures the quality and integrity of the financial reports, audit procedures, risk 

management and internal controls. . The Audit Committee also ensures that the internal audit function 

is independent, effective and adequately resourced. The Remuneration Committee ensures that the 

Directors and key management personnel are adequately but not excessively remunerated.  

 

The Board’s policy is to treat all shareholders fairly and equitably and to provide them with timely 

information on the Group’s financial performance and material developments through public 

announcements via SGXNET, press publications where appropriate, circulars and annual reports. 

 

The Group has in place an internal code of conduct to ensure that the Directors and key officers 

adhere to the provisions of the Companies Act and other relevant regulations with regard to their 

securities transactions, with particular attention to observe insider-trading laws and regulations. 

 

In FY2021, there were no incidents of non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations (FY2020: 

Nil) and we target to maintain this record in FY2022. 

 

 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT  

 

The Group is subject to various risks inherent to the different countries, industries and markets in 

which it does business and to the activities it carries out in each location. Such risks may have 

negative impacts on its productivity and profitability, and work against achieving its objectives and 

implementing its strategies. 

Aware of the significance of this issue, the Management undertakes to provide resources to 

adequately identify, measure, manage and control the significant risks to all the activities and 

businesses of the Group. It has established an enterprise-wide risk management framework which is 

embedded in the internal control systems of the Group so as to enhance its risk management 

capabilities. This included institutionalising a systematic risk assessment methodology for the 

identification, assessment, reporting and monitoring of risks on a consistent and reliable basis. The 

system is also constantly reviewed and refined, to ensure its relevance in a dynamic operating 

environment. 

 

The risk management framework addresses financial, operational, compliance and information 

technology risks to safeguard the Group’s assets. On an annual basis, the Audit Committee reviews 

the risk management policies and system implemented by the Group.  


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2021 

19 

 

 

BUSINESS ETHICS 

 

We are committed to operating our businesses with integrity, accountability and high ethical 

standards.  

 

We do not tolerate bribery and corrupt practices or any other behaviour that may bring disrepute to 

the Group. We expect honesty, integrity and respect to be exhibited in our dealings and interactions 

within and outside the Group. All business dealings should be transparently performed and accurately 

reflected in the Group’s books and records. 

 

The Group also ensures that measures are in place to safeguard access to personal data that are 

stored on its premises or servers. This applies to data obtained during recruitment of staff, personal 

data of existing staff, including their medical records and other confidential information relating to 

customers, suppliers and shareholders. Access to personal data is restricted to authorised persons on 

a strict need-to-know basis. The Group has appointed a Data Protection Officer and has ensured that 

he had received the relevant training by attending talks and seminars. He is also registered with the 

Personal Data Protection Commission so that he could keep abreast of related developments and 

help the organisation comply with the Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA). In FY2021, there were no 

incidents of non-compliance with the PDPA as targeted last year and we target to maintain this record 

for FY2022.  

 

We will also try to protect all confidential data against cyber security risks in order to protect the 

confidential information of all stakeholders through constant monitoring of our information technology 

systems. The Group subscribes for an internet leased line from a reputable internet service provider 

who also manages the firewall to ensure first line protection against malware and infections. The 

service provider works closely with our own IT staff to ensure that regular updates are done and any 

potential cyber-attacks are discovered early and are disarmed before doing any harm to our systems. 

We also regularly remind all our computer users to stay vigilant to avoid falling prey to phishing or 

other threats.  

 

In FY2021, there were no reports of any leaks from our information systems and we did not suffer any 

loss of data through any attempted attacks on our systems. We target to maintain this performance in 

FY2022. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2021 – GRI Standards Content Index 

1 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

102-6 

Markets served 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

Social, page 12 to 15 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Social, page 12 to 15 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Procurement Practice, page 7 to 8 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

Not applicable 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

New Wave does not specifically 

address the precautionary approach. 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Procurement Practice, page 7 to 8 

Energy conservation, page 10 

Corporate Governance and business 

ethics, page 18 to 19 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Stakeholders Engagement, page 5 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

Board Statement, page 2 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour 

Governance, page 18 to 19 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Annual report, page 10 to 28 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholders Engagement, page 5 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Stakeholders Engagement, page 5 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholders Engagement, page 5 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholders Engagement, page 5 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

Annual report, page 85 to 86 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Board Statement, page 2 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Materiality Assessment, page 6 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

Not applicable 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None 

102-50 

Reporting period 

1 April 2020 to 31 March 2021 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

1 April 2019 to 31 March 2020 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the report 

NW_IR@newwave.com.sg 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

This report was guided by the GRI 

standards, Core option. 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Page 20 to 21 

102-56 

External Assurance 

We may seek external assurance in the 

future when the Group’s Sustainability 

Reporting has matured. 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: 

Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Page 7 

GRI 204: 

Procurement 

Practice 

204-1 

Proportion of spending on local suppliers 

 

Page 8 

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

Page 9 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2021 – GRI Standards Content Index 

2 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

 GRI 302: Energy 

 

302-4 

Reduction of energy consumption 

Page 10 

GRI 306: 

Effluents and 

Waste 

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal method 

Page 11 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and Safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and 

number of work-related fatalities 

Page 16 to 17 

GRI 405: 

Diversity and 

equal 

opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

Page 12 to 15 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

