
 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

1 

NEW WAVE HOLDINGS LTD. 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 

01 BOARD STATEMENT 

02 ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

03 APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

04 ECONOMIC 

05 ENVIRONMENTAL 

06 SOCIAL 

07 GOVERNANCE 

08 GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

2 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

The board of directors (the “Board”) of New Wave Holdings Ltd. (“New Wave” or the “Company”, and 

together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is pleased to present the annual Sustainability Report of 

the Company for our financial year ended 31 March 2020 (“FY2020”). This report is prepared by 

taking reference from the Sustainability Reporting Guide in Practice Note 7F of the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist and 

references the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards which represent the global best practices 

for reporting on a range of economic, environmental and social impacts. This report highlights the 

key economic, environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) related factors and initiatives carried 

throughout a 12-month period, from 1 April 2019 to 31 March 2020. 

 

Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its stakeholders. 

As such, the key material EESG factors for the Group (“Material EESG Factors”) have been 

identified and cautiously reviewed by the management and approved by the Board. The data and 

information provided have not been verified by an independent third party. We have relied on internal 

data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy of data and information. The Board has overseen 

the management and monitoring of the Material EESG Factors and takes them into consideration in 

the determination of the Group’s strategic direction and policies.  

 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables 

us to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and 

suggestions to NW_IR@newwave.com.sg. 

 

29 October 2020 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

3 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

 

The Company was incorporated in Singapore on 4 November 1999 and has been listed on Catalist of 

the Singapore Exchange since 14 August 2000. Headquartered in Singapore at 101 Kitchener Road 

#02-17, Jalan Besar Plaza, Singapore 208511, the Company operates through several subsidiaries in 

Singapore, Malaysia and the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), and has two core business 

activities, namely the distribution of aluminium alloy products and the components distribution 

business. Our aluminium alloy products are sold to a wide spectrum of customers ranging from multi-

international corporations to small and medium size local firms and are used in many industries 

including precision engineering, transport engineering, semiconductor equipment, electronics, and 

many others. The components distribution business encompasses the distribution of active and 

passive IT cabling system solutions, portable cabling testing and certification tools, monitoring and 

troubleshooting handheld tools and appliances, intelligent cabling system based projects and includes 

professional consultancy, training services, software implementation, database integration and 

customer care services. 

 

The table below shows the organizational structure of the Group: 

 

 

 

 

 










 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

4 

APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE 

 

The Group has in place a Sustainability Steering Committee which is led by key management 

executives and supported by representatives from various functional and geographic divisions in the 

Group.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 







The Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer 

(“CEO”) 

formulate 

the 

corporate 

sustainability 

strategies 

and 

guidelines 

and monitor overall 

performance. 

The Sustainability Steering Committee comprise the 

General Managers of each division, the Financial 

Controller and representatives from each geographic 

segment and helps to organize and coordinate the 

sustainability initiatives. 

New 

Wave’s 

employees 

support 

the 

Group’s 

sustainability programmes and policies and assist with 

the implementation and execution of the sustainability 

initiatives and the collection of data for monitoring 

performance. 



Plan and 

Scope



Engage 

Stakeholders



Assess 

Materiality



Collect Data



Report


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

5 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT  

 

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and material 

aspects relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken 

into account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, but are not limited 

to, customers, suppliers, shareholders, employees, and regulators. We adopt both formal and informal 

channels of communication to understand the needs of key stakeholders, and incorporate these into 

our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships. 

 

Key 

Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Key Concerns Raised 

Customers 

Meetings, 

e-procurement 

platforms, phone calls, 

teleconferences and email 

communications 

Daily 

Quality control and on-time 

delivery, technical support,  

competitive pricing, suitable  

payment terms 

 

Suppliers 

Meetings, e-procurement 

platforms, phone calls, 

teleconferences, email  

communications and 

factory visits 

Regular basis 

Quality of products, smooth 

and timely delivery, 

competitive prices 

 

Shareholders 

Announcements on 

SGXNet, annual general 

meetings, annual reports, 

the Company’s website 

(www.newwave.com.sg) 

 

Half yearly for financial  

results announcements,  

general meetings are 

held annually, other  

communications on ad- 

hoc basis throughout the 

year 

 

Profitability and returns, good 

corporate governance, timely 

and accurate information 

Employees 

Induction programme for 

new employees, team 

discussions, training 

sessions, meetings, 

feedback channels, emails, 

performance reviews 

Regular basis 

Career growth, training  

opportunities, benefits and  

incentives, pleasant and safe 

working environment,  

alignment of personal goals  

with Company’s goals 

 

Regulators 

Seminars and consultation 

sessions with key 

regulatory bodies, meetings  

On-going basis for  

reviews and updates, 

and whenever there are 

changes in regulations 

 

Compliance with laws and  

regulations, safe environment, 

health and other social issues 

Community/ 

Industry 

Associations 

Phone calls and other 

communications with non-

profit organisations, 

participation at trade 

exhibitions, seminars, 

social events  

On-going basis 

Corporate citizenship, update 

on industry trends   

 

Membership of Associations 

 

We engage with several industry associations through membership and participation at their activities 

and events in FY2020 and on an on-going basis: 

- 

Singapore Business Federation 

- 

Singapore Metal and Machinery Association 

- 

Singapore Precision Engineering and Technology Association 

- 

Infocomm Development Authority of Singapore 

Networking with other companies in similar industries as ours enables us to be constantly updated on 

industry trends and help us locate new potential customers and suppliers. 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

6 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT  

 

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant aspects. Relevant aspects are then 

prioritised to identify material factors which are subject to validation. The end result of this process is a 

list of material factors disclosed in this Sustainability Report.  

 

 

 

 

 

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment during FY2018 with the engagement of an external 

consultant, spearheaded by the Sustainability Steering Committee. We engaged our employees from 

different departments, seeking our internal stakeholders’ feedback in the prioritisation of these topics. 

The Sustainability Steering Committee reviews the Group’s materiality assessment on a yearly basis, 

and has done the review this year, using inputs gathered from the day-to-day engagements with our 

various stakeholders during the year. 

 

In order to determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment and society and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying guidance from the GRI, we are 

of the view that the following factors identified as Material EESG Factors in the previous year are still 

relevant in this current period:  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



IDENTIFICATION



PRIORITISATION



VALIDATION



REVIEW



GOVERNANCE 

 

Corporate governance 

Enterprise risk management 

Business ethics 

 



SOCIAL 

 

Diversity and equal opportunity 

Occupational health and safety 

 

 



ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

Energy conservation 

Waste management 

 



ECONOMIC 

 

Economic performance 

Procurement practices 

Anti-corruption 

 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

7 

ECONOMIC 

 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 

The Group believes that our financial growth is interconnected to our environmental, social and 

governance factors. We strive to maintain our financial growth to safeguard shareholders’ interests and 

maximise long-term shareholder value through strategic planning to meet the challenges of our 

business environment and through proper management of our resources, which includes a diligent and 

experienced staff force and the long established relationships with our customers and suppliers. We 

will also strive to be a sustainable, socially responsible corporation and will maintain high standards of 

corporate governance, business integrity and professionalism in our dealings with all our stakeholders. 

 

Through our operating activities, the Group has created value to various stakeholders – our customers, 

suppliers, employees, banks and others. We append below a table showing the direct economic value 

generated and distributed in FY2020:- 

 

DIRECT ECONOMIC VALUE GENERATED AND DISTRIBUTED - S$'000 

Item 

Stakeholder 

FY2020 

Direct economic value generated 

 

14,308 

Revenue from sales of goods 

Customers and various other 

stakeholders 

            14,140  

Revenue from financial investments 

                   69  

Revenue from sale of assets 

                     6  

Other operating income 

                   93  

Economic value distributed 

 

(16,494) 

Payment to suppliers of goods and 

services 

Suppliers and other contractors 

           (13,423) 

Employment costs and other benefits 

Employees 

             (2,781) 

Payments to providers of capital 

Banks and other finance institutions 

                (253) 

Payments to government including 

taxes 

Government 

                  (37) 

Net economic value lost 

 

   (2,186) 

 

We are committed to generating and increasing economic value to our stakeholders, however, the 

Group’s performance in FY2020 has been adversely affected by the long drawn trade disputes among 

the larger economies. In particular, our aluminium products distribution business in the PRC was the 

worst hit, with many major projects either discontinued or shelved for future consideration. The 

performance of the PRC subsidiaries was further affected by the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak in the 

later part of the financial year. For more detailed information regarding our FY2020 financial results, 

please refer to the “Financial Review” section and the financial statements contained in our Annual 

Report 2020. 

 

 

 

PROCUREMENT PRACTICES 

 

Distribution of Aluminium Alloy Products 

Our first core business is the distribution of aluminium alloy products. Lightweight and durable, 

aluminium is in itself a highly sustainable material, being abundant, highly recyclable and reusable. 

According to the Aluminium Association based in Virginia, United States, nearly 75% of all aluminium 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

8 

ever produced is still in use today1. Aluminium’s unique properties therefore present to traders and 

users a future of infinite possibilities and opportunities.  

 

Our major suppliers are from USA, South Africa, Europe and the PRC and we in turn distribute mainly 

to local customers. Our top suppliers are industrial leaders in their own locality and they employ workers 

on a large scale. Most of them have ISO14001 certification for environmental management and 

ISO9001 certification for quality management and are committed to sustainability development. Our 

South African supplier for instance, is BBBEE (Broad-Based Black Economic Empowerment) certified 

for their efforts towards growing, on a sustainable basis, the economic involvement in mainstream 

businesses for the previously disadvantaged groups. We also buy from local suppliers, and our 

definition for “local” in this report is when the supplier is in the same geographic boundary as our 

subsidiary that buys from it. For instance, a PRC aluminium mill supplying to our PRC subsidiary directly 

is considered a local supplier. We purchase from local suppliers mostly for ready products, so the lead 

time for the supply is shortened and may, as in Singapore’s case, be a matter of only hours to one or 

two days. This enables us to respond more flexibly to requests of urgent deliveries from our local 

customers. 

 

Our purchasers choose the suppliers based on needs, quality, service, pricing, terms of payment and 

other relevant conditions and the decision made is in the best interest of the Company and not for any 

personal benefit or gain. We have been in the business since 2004 and have built up good business 

relationships with many of our suppliers on the basis of mutual respect and trust. We do not condone 

unfair business practices such as concealment or misrepresentation of material facts or acceptance of 

bribes. We also will not abuse confidential or privileged information obtained from our suppliers. We 

work closely with our suppliers to ensure their support, for instance, when we need deliveries on an 

urgent basis. In FY2020, we did not receive any reports of malfeasance from our employees or from 

our suppliers, and we target to maintain this zero complaints record for FY2021. 

 

Components Distributions and Cabling Systems Solutions  

Our second core business is components distribution and cabling systems solutions. We are the 

appointed distributor for our cabling systems products and our electronic test tools. We buy mostly 

through the Singapore outlets of these principals and we consider such purchases as local purchases. 

One of our principal is an active member of the U.S. Green Building Council (USGBC), a membership-

based non-profit organization that promotes sustainable practices in building design, construction, and 

operation, and is committed to design and implement solutions that create healthy, energy efficient, and 

sustainable business environments. As for our electronic test tools, the increasing need for companies 

to improve quality, comply with regulatory or industrial standards, and maintain a safe working 

environment, should further increase the demand for such products. 

 

Other than from our principals, we also purchased from other local suppliers, who are mostly small and 

medium-sized enterprises. Maintaining close relationships with these local suppliers who have 

information on the local industry trends will benefit the Group, by enhancing our market awareness 

locally as well. Our procurement practices are similar to that for our aluminium products distribution 

business, as mentioned above. 

 

Supporting local suppliers   

The trade tensions that began in the previous financial year escalated in FY2020 and had affected our 

businesses across all segments adversely, with the PRC market segment being the worst hit. As a part 

of our continuous plan to support local suppliers and to mitigate the effects of high tariffs imposed as a 

result of the trade disputes between the United States of America and the PRC, we had in FY2020 

increased our purchases from the PRC local suppliers significantly as these purchases are not subject 

to tariffs. Thus for FY2020, purchases from local suppliers made up 47% of total purchases, as 

compared to 37% for the previous financial year and we have met our target to increase local purchases 

in FY2020. We hope to continue our goal of supporting local suppliers, and have targeted to maintain 

the relatively same percentage of local purchases (47%) in the next financial year ending 31 March 

2021 (“FY2021”), so as to improve our response time in delivering to our customers as a whole and to 

enhance our local market presence. 

 

 

 

1 According to the Aluminium Association’s website at https://www.aluminum.org  


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

9 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

 

As the Group’s businesses are conducted in various countries, the Group expects the directors and 

staff to be apprised of the legal and regulatory requirements applicable to their business responsibilities 

and to conduct our businesses in accordance with these laws and regulations. In particular, the Group 

requires that the directors and staff carry out business transactions with integrity and avoid corruption 

or bribery in any form.  

 

Our finance teams oversee the implementation of appropriate controls and procedures to monitor and 

prevent inappropriate forms of payment across all our subsidiaries. This includes, for example, duplicate 

or overpayments, and payment requests to third parties not associated with underlying transactions. 

We will take disciplinary action against any employee confirmed of bribery or corruption or may also 

refer the case to the relevant law enforcement authorities if appropriate. 

 

In the context of Singapore, we are subject to the Prevention of Corruption Act, which covers 

employees, public servants and others who corruptly receive or give bribes as an inducement or reward 

for performing or not performing a transaction. The law also has extra-territorial effect, so Singaporeans 

who offer bribes or receives bribes overseas will be liable for punishment. 

 

We have implemented a whistle blowing policy to provide a mechanism for employees as well as other 

external stakeholders to raise concerns in confidence and without fear of reprisals about possible 

improprieties in the areas of:  

 

1.  Fraudulent financial reporting  

2.  Misappropriation of assets  

3.  Improper or unauthorized expenditures including bribes  

4.  Violations of laws and regulations, for instance, securities frauds  

5.  Substantial and specific danger to public health or safety  

 

Whistle-blowers may address their concerns via the email address auditcom@newwave.com.sg and 

the Audit Committee will carry out confidential investigations and withhold the identity of the 

complainant, as appropriate. 

 

For the financial year under review, we have not received any report of any corruption (FY2019: Nil), 

as targeted in the previous sustainability report. There are also no reports of whistle blowing received 

(FY2019: Nil). Our target is to maintain zero corruption and zero violations of any laws and regulations 

for FY2021. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

10 

ENVIRONMENTAL  

 

Although the direct impact of our business activities on the environment is relatively small, we would 

like to do our part to contribute to the global goals of mitigating climate change and conserving 

resources. Our environmental efforts focus on finding ways to reduce energy consumption and waste. 

 

 

ENERGY CONSERVATION 

 

We believe in investing our time and effort towards energy efficiency, as we not only help protect the 

environment but can also lower our operating costs. The Group’s electricity consumption is from regular 

operations of the offices and factories in the various regions where our subsidiaries are situated and is 

consumed for operating machines and office equipment, lighting as well as cooling/heating systems. 

We monitored the total electricity usage for our metal service centers situated in Singapore, the PRC 

and in Johor and Penang in Malaysia and the total consumption during FY2020 was 180,190 kilowatt 

hours (kWh). We have not included usage at locations with only sales offices, as consumption at these 

locations are insignificant in comparison. Based on FY2019’s consumption, which was 186,759 kWh, 

we had set an electricity consumption target of 214,000 kWh for FY2020 last year, after extrapolating 

Penang metal service center’s usage as the Penang factory commenced operations only from October 

2018. Accordingly, we have indeed achieved our target for electricity consumption in FY2020. Even 

though conservation efforts have been expended, the decline in usage could be mainly attributable to 

the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak which resulted in the total lockdown of our PRC factory for 6 weeks 

after the Chinese New Year until early-March 2020. Our two Malaysian factories on the other hand, 

were locked-down from 18 March 2020 through 26 April 2020. All our factories in Singapore, Malaysia 

and the PRC have since returned to normal operations but with safe distancing measures and other 

COVID-19 related safety measures in place. Administrative and accounts staff are encouraged to work 

from home where possible. However, due to the necessity of handling daily routines, the various offices 

are opened as usual but staffed with a minimal staff force. We therefore set a target for the next year 

of keeping consumption at the same level of 190,000 kWh as the impact of COVID-19 pandemic 

continues into the new financial year. 

 

We have since FY2018 and as at the date of this report observed energy conservation efforts by 

adopting the following practices across the subsidiaries: 

 

• Switching off lights, computers and air conditioning systems at the end of the work day 

• Regular maintenance of all our operations machines, as well as office equipment such as refrigerators,   

air-conditioners and heaters so as to maintain higher efficiency  

• Use energy saving equipment and lighting 

• Set temperature of air conditioners to 25˚C for the Singapore and Malaysian subsidiaries 

• Raising awareness among employees and educating them about energy conservation and emission 

reductions 

 

We use fuels and diesel for operating our forklifts, vans and trucks. Regular maintenance and scheduled 

overhauls for our forklifts and transport vehicles are part of our asset management policy to improve 

fuel consumption and reduce emission of pollutants. Our logistics staff also plans the delivery route 

each day to cut wastage of fuels where possible. 

 

We are also supportive of industry-wide initiatives undertaken by our business partners and especially 

our principals to mitigate the environmental impacts. The products we distribute are designed to include 

operational energy efficiency and end-of-life and disposal considerations.  

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

11 

WASTE MANAGEMENT 

 

We strive to be environmentally responsible with our commitment towards preserving the environment 

through efficient waste management such as reuse and recycling to allow us to operate in a sustainable 

environment.  

 

Key initiatives that have been in place since FY2018 and as at the date of this report include the 

following:  

 

a. 

We remind our staff across the Group to reduce the consumption of paper through enhancements 

made to our daily operating routines. Such enhancements include the scanning of documents 

which are then stored digitally in computers and servers to avoid overprinting. In addition, electronic 

version of statement of accounts are issued to customers and suppliers. We also recycle used 

paper, using them for drafts and internal documentation.    

 

b. 

We refurbish and reuse equipment and tools to prolong their useful life where ever possible. 

 

c. 

The main waste materials generated from our aluminium products distribution operations are the 

aluminium shavings from the cutting and sawing of our materials. Our aluminium shavings from 

production are collected for outsource recycling.  

 

d. 

Used saw blades for cutting our aluminium products are re-sharpened for re-use to prolong their 

useful life. 

 

e. 

We are actively involved in the recycling of used packaging materials including cartons, plastic, 

strings, wraps, wooden pallets and paper. 

We also do our part to protect the environment by proper disposal of waste, and especially toxic waste, 

through licensed contractors. We are committed to ensuring compliance with applicable environmental 

laws. There were no incidents of non-compliance with environmental rules or regulations in FY2020 as 

targeted in the previous year (FY2019: Nil) and we target to perform the same for FY2021. 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

12 

SOCIAL 

 

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

 

We are an equal opportunity employer and embrace the principles of equality and non-discrimination 

when hiring employees. Recruitment, remuneration, promotion and benefits are handled based on 

objective assessment, equal opportunity and non-discrimination basis, regardless of gender, race, 

religion, age or marital status.   

 

We encourage diversity in our work force, as we believe that by bringing in people with different 

experiences, backgrounds and skills, we can encourage innovation and we are better able to meet 

various challenges. Our diversity strategy is facilitated by our physical locations in three geographic 

regions, and we employ individuals of several nationalities. The majority of our employees are 

Singaporeans, Malaysians and Chinese, which corresponds with the location of our factories in 

Singapore, Malaysia and the PRC. However, there are several Malaysians and Chinese employed in 

Singapore, while our Malaysian factories employed several Nepalese for the production teams. The 

composition by nationality has remained fairly consistent over the two years shown in the charts below. 

 

 

 

 

 



38%

1%

39%

4%

18%

2019 - By Nationality

Chinese

Filipino

Malaysian

Nepalese

Singaporean



38%

1%

40%

3%

18%

2020 - By Nationality

Chinese

Filipino

Malaysian

Nepalese

Singaporean


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

13 



44%

56%

2019 - By Gender



Female



Male

As for gender diversity, we actively address any unconscious bias for gender preference and promote 

gender balance. We aim to develop an inclusive culture that respects the contribution of all employees 

regardless of gender, race or age. The proportion of males as a percentage of the total workforce as at 

the end of FY2020 is 58% (FY2019 – 56%) denoting more men are hired to work on the production 

floor handling the machines as well as doing the deliveries to customers, as indicated in the pie charts 

below.  

 

 

 

 

 

The total staff strength as at the end of FY2020 was about 5% below that of FY2019, due partly to the 

lower sales and hence lower volume of production activities done, and partly to some difficulties 

encountered in recruitment of staff for our Penang factory. However the overall distribution of men and 

women in our three major categories of employees has remained consistent over the two years with 

slightly more proportion of men holding management position than women in both years. As in the 

previous year, more men are hired in the production departments due to the nature of the job, while the 

accounts and administrative jobs are staffed mostly by women, as indicated in the bar charts below. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



42%

58%

2020 - By Gender



Female



Male



0%

10%

20%

30%

40%

50%

60%

70%

80%

Female

Male

18%

21%

8%

54%

75%

25%

2020 - Staff Distribution

Management

Production

Staff


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

14 

 

 

 

As for age diversity, we value our matured workers for their experience, knowledge and skills, but 

recognize the need for succession planning and to employ younger workers to drive the Group’s 

operations in the future.  For FY2020, the percentage of our workforce below the age of 35 is at 52%, 

slightly lower than the percentage for FY2019 of 57%. The Company will continue to remain open to 

the recruitment of young and suitable candidates who are willing to learn on the job.  

 

 

 



0%

10%

20%

30%

40%

50%

60%

70%

80%

Female

Male

18%

21%

7%

53%

75%

26%

2019 - Staff Distribution

Management

Production

Staff



17%

35%

17%

19%

12%

2020 - By Age



25 and below



26-35



36-45



46-55



above 55


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

15 

 

 

 

TRAINING AND STAFF DEVELOPMENT 

 

We provide employees with equal opportunities for training and development based on their strengths 

and needs, to help them achieve their full potential.  Suitable training is extended to employees to 

enable them to perform at optimal levels and include on-the-job training and mentoring, job rotation, 

product and technical updates conducted by principals and courses, seminars and webinars conducted 

by external trainers.  

 

In Singapore, any new production staff that is required to handle forklifts will be sent for a week-long 

certificate course conducted by companies approved by the Ministry of Manpower. All production staff 

handling the cutting of metals are sent regularly to attend courses on safety in the handling of machines. 

For all locations under the aluminium products distribution business, we conduct in-house training to 

improve knowledge of our products for sales staff to enable them to communicate better with customers. 

As for the electronics components business, our various principals conduct seminars and workshops 

to update their distributors on their products and we have always participated by sending our sales 

engineers and the General Manager to attend such courses. Administrative and accounts staff are sent 

for courses relevant to the work they handle, for instance when there are changes in regulations that 

affect the Group, as in the case of changes in regulations under the Goods and Services Tax (GST). 

 

We had set a target to achieve an average training of two hours per employee for our operations in 

Singapore and Malaysia for FY2020. The Singapore operations managed to achieve the target and 

recorded an average training of 2.3 hours per staff. However, when grouped with the Malaysian 

operations, we have under-achieved, recording only an average of 1.3 hours per staff of training in 

FY2020. The lower than expected number of training hours for the Malaysian operations was partly  

due to shortage of staff, as we encountered some difficulties in recruitment for the Penang factory. In 

addition, much of the management efforts were concentrated on maintaining sales, which were 

adversely affected by the trade disputes among the larger economies.   

 

Employees are appraised through inputs from the supervisors and managers, as well as periodic formal 

appraisals. Promotion is based on merit, competency and suitability. As we value our employees, we 

will typically consider promoting existing employees before hiring for new or vacant positions. 

 

The Company and its subsidiaries will continue to abide by the local labour laws in the countries within 

which we operate to promote fair employment practices. In FY2020, we did not receive any complaints 

from our staff nor any reports of non-compliance from the authorities (FY2019: Nil) and we target to 

maintain this record for FY2021. 

 

 

 



19%

38%

13%

19%

11%

2019 - By Age



25 and below



26-35



36-45



46-55



above 55


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

16 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

 

Our employees are an integral part of our organization and we are committed to providing them a safe 

and pleasant environment to work in. Production sites will have safety risks, but we aim to create and 

sustain a safety focused, zero-accident culture.  

 

At our production sites, the workers are required to operate the cutting machines, forklifts and to handle 

the heavy aluminium products. We must therefore maintain a safety-conscious culture amongst our 

workers to avoid any industrial accidents. We have a set of safety rules and regulations in place and all 

new employees are briefed on safety procedures during orientation. As targeted last year, the 

management held regular briefing sessions in FY2020 with the purpose of constantly reminding 

employees the importance of maintaining a safety conscious culture and to emphasize to every 

employee that each is responsible for his own safety and the safety of his co-workers.  

 

The house rules include: 

-  proper housekeeping to maintain tidy work areas to avoid falls from unexpected obstacles. Workers 

are to keep the aisles clear of products or debris for safe operation of the forklifts. 

- cleaning and sweeping the production floor regularly and at the end of the day 

- wearing the right protective gear when handling the machines which include gloves, face masks, and 

safety boots 

- be always alert when operating machines and not engage in any unsafe or negligent act that may 

endanger yourself or others working in the vicinity 

- report to the supervisor any possible health or safety hazards that have come to your attention. 

 

Each location will have ready first-aid kits maintained on the premises to provide immediate first aid 

treatments to workers or others who sustain injuries at the location. The employees handling forklifts 

are licenced to do so after attending proper training courses. In Singapore, all our workers have 

attended safety courses on metal working, as required by the Ministry of Manpower. 

 

The Group recorded zero workplace accidents during FY2020 as targeted in the previous sustainability 

report (FY2019: Nil) and is targeting the same for FY2021.  

 

We encourage our employees to live healthy lives with proper diets and regular exercise. The Company 

provides free medical consultations and medication, so workers who are unwell may visit the Company 

approved clinics situated near each of our offices, or any government run clinics. We believe in reducing 

workplace stress and encourage workers to relax during breaks and aim for work-life balance.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

17 

GOVERNANCE 

 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 

Our Board and Management are committed to continually enhancing shareholder value by maintaining 

high standards of corporate governance, professionalism, integrity and commitment at all levels, 

underpinned by strong internal controls and risk management systems. 

 

Our corporate governance practices are set out in the Group’s 2020 annual report in the section entitled 

“Corporate Governance Report” (pages 10 to 27), with specific references to the principles and 

guidelines of the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the “Code”). Where the Group’s practices differ 

from the principles and guidelines under the Code, the deviation from the recommended guidelines 

under the Code will be duly explained and set out under the Corporate Governance Report.  

 

The Board of Directors sets the overall strategic directions for the Group, establishes goals for 

management and monitors the achievement of these goals. Specific functions are delegated to Board 

Committees. The Nominating Committee ensures the balance and diversity of the Board, assesses the 

performance of the Board and of each Board Committee, as well as the contribution each director made 

towards the Board’s effectiveness. The Nominating Committee also conducts rigorous evaluations of 

the independence of the independent directors. The Audit Committee works with the external auditors 

and ensures the quality and integrity of the financial reports, audit procedures, risk management and 

internal controls. . The Audit Committee also ensures that the internal audit function is independent, 

effective and adequately resourced. The Remuneration Committee ensures that the Directors and key 

management personnel are adequately but not excessively remunerated.  

 

The Board’s policy is to treat all shareholders fairly and equitably and to provide them with timely 

information on the Group’s financial performance and material developments through public 

announcements via SGXNET, press publications where appropriate, circulars and annual reports. 

 

The Group has in place an internal code of conduct to ensure that the Directors and key officers adhere 

to the provisions of the Companies Act and other relevant regulations with regard to their securities 

transactions, with particular attention to observe insider-trading laws and regulations. 

 

In FY2020, there were no incidents of non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations (FY2019: Nil) 

and we target to maintain this record in FY2021. 

 

 

 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT  

 

The Group is subject to various risks inherent to the different countries, industries and markets in which 

it does business and to the activities it carries out in each location. Such risks may have negative 

impacts on its productivity and profitability, and work against achieving its objectives and implementing 

its strategies. 

 

Aware of the significance of this issue, the Management undertakes to provide resources to adequately 

identify, measure, manage and control the significant risks to all the activities and businesses of the 

Group. It has established an enterprise-wide risk management framework which is embedded in the 

internal control systems of the Group so as to enhance its risk management capabilities. This included 

institutionalising a systematic risk assessment methodology for the identification, assessment, reporting 

and monitoring of risks on a consistent and reliable basis. The system is also constantly reviewed and 

refined, to ensure its relevance in a dynamic operating environment. 

 

The risk management framework addresses financial, operational, compliance and information 

technology risks to safeguard the Group’s assets. On an annual basis, the Audit Committee reviews 

the risk management policies and system implemented by the Group.  


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

18 

 

BUSINESS ETHICS 

 

We are committed to operating our businesses with integrity, accountability and high ethical standards.  

 

We do not tolerate bribery and corrupt practices or any other behaviour that may bring disrepute to the 

Group. We expect honesty, integrity and respect to be exhibited in our dealings and interactions within 

and outside the Group. All business dealings should be transparently performed and accurately 

reflected in the Group’s books and records. 

 

The Group also takes measures to safeguard access to personal data that are stored on its premises 

or servers. This applies to data obtained during recruitment of staff, personal data of existing staff, 

including their medical records and other confidential information relating to customers, suppliers and 

shareholders. Access to personal data is restricted to authorised persons on a strict need-to-know 

basis. The Group has appointed a Data Protection Officer and has ensured that he had received the 

relevant training by attending talks and seminars. He is also registered with the Personal Data 

Protection Commission so that he could keep abreast of related developments and help the 

organisation comply with the Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA). In FY2020, there were no incidents 

of non-compliance with the PDPA as targeted last year and we target to maintain this record for FY2021.  

 

We will also try to protect all confidential data against cyber security risks in order to protect the 

confidential information of all stakeholders through constant monitoring of our information technology 

systems. The Group subscribes for an internet leased line from a reputable internet service provider 

who also manages the firewall to ensure first line protection against malware and infections. The service 

provider works closely with our own IT staff to ensure that regular updates are done and any potential 

cyber-attacks are discovered early and are disarmed before doing any harm to our systems. We also 

regularly remind all our computer users to stay vigilant to avoid falling prey to phishing or other threats.  

 

In FY2020, there were no reports of any leaks from our information systems and we did not suffer any 

loss of data through any attempted attacks on our systems. We target to maintain this performance in 

FY2021. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 – GRI Standards Content Index 

1 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

102-6 

Markets served 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

Social, page 12 to 15 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Social, page 12 to 15 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Procurement Practice, page 7 to 8 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

Not applicable 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

New Wave does not specifically 

address the precautionary approach. 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Procurement Practice, page 7 to 8 

Energy conservation, page 10 

Corporate Governance and business 

ethics, page 17 to 18 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Stakeholders Engagement, page 5 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

Board Statement, page 2 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour 

Governance, page 17 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Annual report, page 10 to 27 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholders Engagement, page 5 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Stakeholders Engagement, page 5 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholders Engagement, page 5 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholders Engagement, page 5 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Organisational Profile, page 3 

Annual report, page 79 to 80 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Board Statement, page 2 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Materiality Assessment, page 6 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

Not applicable 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None 

102-50 

Reporting period 

1 April 2019 to 31 March 2020 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

1 April 2018 to 31 March 2019 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the report 

NW_IR@newwave.com.sg 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

This report was guided by the GRI 

standards, Core option. 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Page 19 to 20 

102-56 

External Assurance 

We may seek external assurance in the 

future when the Group’s Sustainability 

Reporting has matured. 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: 

Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

Page 7 

GRI 204: 

Procurement 

Practice 

204-1 

Proportion of spending on local suppliers 

 

Page  8 

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

Page 8 to 9 


 

 

New Wave Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 – GRI Standards Content Index 

2 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

 GRI 302: Energy 

 

302-4 

Reduction of energy consumption 

Page 10 

GRI 306: 

Effluents and 

Waste 

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal method 

Page 11 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and Safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and 

number of work-related fatalities 

Page 16 

GRI 405: 

Diversity and 

equal 

opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

Page 12 to 15 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

