
 

1 

 

NGSC Limited 

Sustainability Report 2021 

Board’s Message 

The Board of Directors (the “Board” or the “Directors”) of NGSC Limited (“NGSC”, “we”, or 

the “Company” and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is pleased to issue our 4th 

Sustainability Report (the “Report”) in line with the Singapore Exchange (“SGX”) guidelines 

on Sustainability Reporting. We seek to provide stakeholders with a better understanding 

of our business and our approach to creating long-term value.  

 

As an investment holding company, the Group recognises the global concerns on climate 

change, economic volatility, concerns in business ethics and trust, growing social needs, 

and changing consumer expectations on the role of businesses. The Group noted that the 

outbreak of the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (“COVID-19”) pandemic continues to pose a 

formidable challenge to the global operating environment. The Group has been working on 

increasing shareholders value and mitigating the impact on the business. 

 

The Group’s corporate values are professionalism, integrity, commitment, and conviction. 

We consider the well-being of our employees, the environment, and societies in which we 

operate to be integral to sustainable growth. 

 

The Board oversees the management and governance of sustainability and the selection of 

priority material factors. We are committed to maintaining good corporate governance, 

transparency, and accountability, and do so using a set of internal policies, structure, and 

processes, which include risk management, data protection, and anti-corruption policies. 

 

To enhance the content of this Report, we have improved our sustainability approach by 

expanding our sustainability disclosure and including more key performance indicators. In 

addition, the Group’s performance on the targets set in the previous sustainability report 

was closely monitored. Despite the overall challenging business environment, we managed 

to meet the majority of the targets set. The results are shown in the section headed 

“Sustainability Targets”.  

 

On behalf of the Board and Management of NGSC, we wish to thank all who have been with 

us throughout our sustainability journey so far. We look forward to your continued 

partnership and support.  

 

Yours sincerely,  

Dr. Michael Kuan-Chi Sun  

Executive Director 


 

2 

 

 

About This Report 

Reporting Framework 

This Report was prepared in accordance with Rules 711A and 711B of the Listing Manual of 

the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) – Sustainability Reporting 

Guide. This Report was also prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative 

(“GRI”) Standards to allow a comparison of our performance over the years. We have 

chosen to adopt the GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards as it is the most widely accepted 

global framework for voluntary corporate reporting of environmental and social 

performance. In articulating our approach, we have applied the GRI principles of accuracy, 

balance, clarity, comparability, reliability, and timeliness. This Report is also in line with 

SGX-ST’s ‘comply or explain’ requirements for sustainability reporting. 

 

The Report references the following topic-specific disclosures: 

⚫ 

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016 

⚫ 

GRI 302: Energy 2016  

⚫ 

GRI 306: Waste 2020 

⚫ 

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 2016 

⚫ 

GRI 401: Employment 2016 

⚫ 

GRI 404: Training and Education 2016 

⚫ 

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016 

⚫ 

GRI 406: Non-discrimination 2016 

⚫ 

GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016 

 

Scope of Reporting 

The Report focuses on the evaluation and measurement of the Group's business 

performance in terms of environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) issues and covers 

the overall performance of its office in Singapore. The ESG key performance indicator data 

is gathered and included companies and subsidiaries under the Group’s direct operational 

control, therefore joint ventures are excluded. We have relied on our internal monitoring 

and verification to ensure the accuracy of data. We have not sought external assurance for 

this Report and we may consider doing so for future sustainability reports. 

 

Reporting Period 

Unless otherwise stated, this Report covers the Group’s overall sustainability performance 

from 1 April 2020 to 31 March 2021 (“FY2021”).  

 

 

 


 

3 

 

Format of Reporting 

In line with our environmental conservation efforts, we will not be printing any hard copies 

of this Report. An electronic edition of this Report is made available on the SGXNET and 

NGSC’s website.  

 

Contact Us 

You are welcome to provide feedback or suggestions on this Report and our sustainability 

performance by writing to our principal place of business located at 96 Robinson Road, #12-

04 SIF Building, Singapore 068899. 

 

Company Information 

NGSC, headquartered in Singapore, is an investment holding company. Through its joint 

venture, the Group is engaged in the business of providing satellite-based services to a 

variety of industries including educational and financial institutions in the People’s Republic 

of China (“PRC”). 

 

The Company’s core businesses through its joint venture in the PRC include: (1) sale of 

satellite communications equipment, (2) provision of satellite-based communication 

services to enable telecommunication services in remote areas of the PRC and (3) provision 

of international network and engineering services. 

 

In FY2021, the COVID-19 pandemic continued to be severe globally, which forced the Group 

to cease or limit business operations until countries reopen their borders. Strict measures 

were taken to contain the spread of COVID-19, including restricted movement of transport 

vehicles, travel bans, social distancing and closure of non-essential services. This has taken 

a toll on the global economic prospects and resulted in an economic slowdown, which will 

have an impact on the business and operations of the Group. As it is not possible to estimate 

the duration and consequences of the COVID-19 as well as its impact on the financial 

position and business of the Group, we will continue to closely monitor the economic 

environment in the future. 

 

 

 

 


 

4 

 

Corporate Structure (as at 31 March 2021) 

 

 

Our Vision 

The Company's vision is to become a leading satellite communications and 

telecommunication solutions service provider in Asia. The Group will continue to seek 

business opportunities in the region. 

 

Our Corporate Values 

Professionalism  

- 

We uphold high quality ethical standards and remain competent.  

Commitment 

- 

We commit to supporting the interest of stakeholders. 

Integrity 

- 

We maintain a sense of integrity, honesty and discipline. 

Conviction 

- 

We provide innovative solutions to societies. 

 

 

Membership of Associations 

NGSC is a member of the Singapore Institute of Directors and the Singapore Business 

Federation, these memberships have provided a platform for our directors and selected 

employees to network and to explore potential commercial opportunities with fellow 

members. NGSC reviews the need to participate in external bodies on an ongoing basis for 

the purpose of establishing business relationships. 

 

 

 

 

NGSC LIMITED

Ban Joo Global Pte. Ltd.

China UnifiedNet Holdings Limited

HUH Broadband 

Communication Company 

Limited

HUH Company Limited

(Hong Kong)

Belt and Road Broadband Satellite 

Company Limited

HNC Company Limited

(Shenzhen)

HNC China Company 

Limited (HNC Beijing)

Beijing China Satcom Unified 

Network Systems Technology Co., 

Ltd. 

NGSC Investment Management Pte. 

Ltd.

NGSC Capital Pte. Ltd.

NGSC Capital Limited

Indo EM Growth Fund GP Holdings 

Limited

Indo EM Growth Fund GP Limited

NGSC Investment Limited 


 

5 

 

External Initiatives 

Due to the nature of business operations of NGSC, and that our corporate structure is lean 

as we are an investment holding company, external initiatives may not achieve the intended 

effect as our headcount is small. Notwithstanding that, NGSC is aware of the need to 

demonstrate our commitment to sustainability-related causes. In this regard, the Company 

will continue to explore opportunities to participate in external initiatives. 

 

Governance Structure 

 

Board of Directors 

- 

Dr Michael Kuan-Chi Sun (Executive Director)  

- 

Mdm Sri Tjintawati Hartanto (Non-Executive Non-Independent Director) 

- 

Ms Wang Xiao Zheng (Non-Executive Non-Independent Director)  

- 

Mr Lee Chia Sin (Independent Director)  

- 

Mr Mahtani Bhagwandas (Independent Director) 

Audit Committee 

- 

Mr Mahtani Bhagwandas (Chairman)  

- 

Mr Lee Chia Sin 

- 

Mdm Sri Tjintawati Hartanto 

Nominating Committee 

- 

Mr Lee Chia Sin (Chairman)  

- 

Mr Mahtani Bhagwandas 

- 

Mdm Sri Tjintawati Hartanto  

Remuneration Committee 

- 

Mr Lee Chia Sin (Chairman)  

- 

Mr Mahtani Bhagwandas 

- 

Ms Wang Xiao Zheng 

 

We have a clear and effective governance structure in place that is supported by policies, 

standards, practices, and guidelines. Our corporate governance structure comprises 

Independent and Non-Independent Directors who oversee and monitor political, 

operational, and environmental trends and risks that could affect business activities. 

 

 




 

6 

 

In order to have systematic management of the ESG issues, the Group has arranged 

designated personnel from various departments to handle ESG management as a working 

group. The working group is responsible for managing and monitoring our sustainability 

practices and the Board is updated on any material developments. Regular discussions are 

carried out on key issues in sustainability such as policies and measures implementation, 

stakeholder engagement, materiality topics, strategic planning, and goal setting. 

 

Our Sustainability Approach 

Stakeholders’ Engagement  

The Group values the opinions of its stakeholders and reviews the related ESG policies 

regularly. In order to address the key concerns of stakeholders, close communication is 

maintained to understand their feedback on ESG topics. We are continuously improving the 

adequacy and effectiveness of our risk assessment processes in response to the changing 

business and operating environments. Through regular stakeholder engagement, we 

identify and review material issues that are most relevant and significant to us and our 

stakeholders. We prioritise the sustainability issues that are material to the business and 

stakeholders. 

 

The following table summarises our key stakeholders, engagement platforms, and their key 

concerns: 

 

Stakeholders 

Key Concerns 

Engagement Platforms 

Frequency 

Employees 

⚫ Staff rights 

⚫ Safety and wellness 

⚫ Environmental 

responsibility 

Staff appraisals 

Annually 

Internal announcements 

Regularly 

Customers 

⚫ Quality of products and 

services 

⚫ Complaint handling 

mechanism 

Company website 

Ongoing 

Shareholders 

⚫ Timely reporting 

Annual general meeting 

Annually 

Financial reports and 

result announcements 

Quarterly 

Circulars to shareholders 

On an as-

needed basis 

Business 

partners and 

suppliers 

⚫ Partnership for 

opportunities and 

growth 

Conference meetings 

and multilateral 

discussions 

Throughout 

the year 


 

7 

 

Government 

and 

regulators 

⚫ Environmental-friendly 

business approach 

⚫ Compliance with 

regulations 

SGX announcements 

Throughout 

the year 

Discussion with 

regulators 

On an as-

needed basis 

Public and 

community 

⚫ Environmental 

protection 

⚫ Community 

participation 

Sustainability reports 

Annually 

 

Identifying Material Sustainability Topics 

The Group’s management and staff in major functions were involved in the preparation of 

this Report in order to assist the Group in reviewing its operations and identifying the 

relevant sustainability issues. We adopted a four-step materiality assessment process to 

assess the importance of matters relevant to our business and stakeholders. A survey had 

been conducted in accordance with the identified material topics to collect information 

from relevant departments of the Group. 

 

We recognise their concerns and undertook a comprehensive materiality assessment 

following leading practices outlined in the GRI Standards. Going forward, we will continue 

to evaluate and review our material ESG topics with our stakeholders to ensure their 

relevance to the Group’s operation. 

 

The Group has adopted a four-step materiality assessment process summarised below: 


 

8 

 

 

 

Materiality assessments are conducted regularly in the form of survey. 9 sustainability-

related issues were identified and concerns of the stakeholders have been reviewed and 

discussed with the management and disclosed in the Report. The materiality matrix of the 

Group is as follows: 

 

 

Sustainability Targets 

Identification

A preliminary list of ESG matters were selected after discussion and 

analysis performed by the working group and the Board.

Prioritisation

The identified ESG issues were ranked and prioritised based on the 

significance of impacts and degree of influence on our internal and 

external stakeholders.

Validation

Material issues that were identified in Step 2 were presented to the 

Board for validation and approval.

Review

Material issues that were approved by the Board will continue to be 

re-assessed in subsequent reporting periods to ensure that reported 

topics remain relevant and material.




 

9 

 

The Group’s management reviews and monitors our sustainability progress constantly. On 

top of that, sustainability-related targets are set and reviewed annually to achieve 

sustainable development. The table below summarises our sustainability performance in 

FY2021 and targets for FY2022: 

 

Topics 

Targets for FY2021 

Performance Update 

Anti-corruption 

Zero incidence of fraud, corruption, 

and unethical actions. 

The Group was not aware of 

any non-compliance with 

the relevant laws and 

regulations related to anti-

corruption, bribery, 

extortion, fraud, and 

unethical actions in FY2021. 

Risk Management 

Conduct Enterprise Risk 

Management at least once every 

year. 

There was no Enterprise Risk 

Management conducted in 

FY2021 as it was not 

considered to be in line with 

the Group’s priorities. 

Training and 

Education 

Increase total training hours per 

employee. 

The process towards the 

target is still ongoing due to 

the impact of COVID-19. 

Customer Privacy 

Protection 

Uphold the highest standards of 

customer data privacy protection 

and ensure compliance with the 

Personal Data Protection Act 

(“PDPA”) and Company’s policy.  

The Group was not aware of 

any non-compliance with 

the PDPA in FY2021. 

Supply Chain 

Management 

Ensure 100% of business partners 

and service providers engaged 

comply with ethical laws and 

regulations. 

The Group was not aware of 

any non-compliance of its 

business partners or service 

providers in relation to 

ethical laws and regulations 

in FY2021. 

Environmental 

Compliance 

Zero incidence of non-compliance 

with relevant environmental laws 

and regulations. 

The Group was not aware of 

any non-compliance with 

the relevant laws and 

regulations related to air 

and greenhouse gas 

emissions, discharges into 

water and land, and 


 

10 

 

generation of hazardous and 

non-hazardous waste in 

FY2021. 

Topics 

Targets for FY2022 

Anti-corruption 

Zero incidence of fraud, corruption, and unethical actions.  

Training and 

Education 

Increase or maintain total training hours of employees. 

Customer Privacy 

Protection 

Uphold the highest standards of customer data privacy protection 

and ensure compliance with the PDPA and Company’s policy.  

Supply Chain 

Management 

Ensure 100% of business partners and service providers engaged 

comply with ethical laws and regulations. 

Environmental 

Compliance 

Zero incidence of non-compliance with relevant environmental 

laws and regulations. 

 

 

Anti-Corruption 

The prevention of fraud, money laundering, and the financing of terrorism is of critical 

importance across all the markets. To demonstrate our zero tolerance towards acts of 

bribery, corruption, and fraud, we have implemented processes relating to Anti-Money 

Laundering and Combating the Financing of Terrorism and unilateral and domestic 

sanctions laws and regulations in jurisdictions in which we operate. As we are committed 

to conducting business following all applicable regulations and the highest ethical 

standards, this commitment is embodied in our Code of Conduct. We have communicated 

the relevant policies and procedures to all our governance body members and employees. 

Any employee who contravenes the policies may be subject to disciplinary action up to and 

including termination of employment. If the breach is significant, it may also lead to the 

prosecution of the parties involved. To ensure all employees are clear about the acceptable 

standards and procedures in business dealings, annual compliance training sessions are 

held for employees. 

 

In FY2021, the Group was not aware of any non-compliance with the relevant laws and 

regulations that have a significant impact on the Group, concerning anti-corruption, 

bribery, extortion, fraud, and unethical actions, including but not limited to the "Prevention 

of Corruption Act". 

 

Whistleblowing Policy  

A whistleblowing policy is also in place as a safe channel for employees to discourage 

practices and activities that are in violation of the work ethics and rules of the Group. 

Employees and any other parties are encouraged to report unlawful, unethical, or 

fraudulent activities or practices in strict confidence. All whistle-blowing reports are 


 

11 

 

submitted to the Audit Committee Chairman and other Independent Directors of the 

Company. The identities of whistle-blowers are strictly kept in confidence to the extent 

possible to facilitate independent investigations for appropriate remedial and follow-up 

actions. We believe that this will not only encourage openness and promote transparency 

but also act as a form of check and balance against the internal controls and risk 

management practice. The Whistleblowing Policy was intended to act as an internal 

reporting structure that enables and encourages employees, and external parties, to raise 

concerns, in confidence, about possible irregularities within the Group. 

 

Conflict of Interest  

Employees are required at all times to declare conflicts of interests, whether it is direct or 

indirect, or whether it is actual or potential. All employees including the management team 

and the Board are required to make declarations of any existing or potential interest in 

companies and the nature of the interest on an annual basis, and update when appropriate 

voluntarily. The Code of Conduct is intended to communicate our values of integrity and 

respect for people to our employees, management and Directors, help them recognise and 

make informed decisions on ethical issues, assist in creating a culture of the highest ethical 

and business standards, and provide mechanisms to report unethical conduct. 

 

Risk Management  

Risk management is considered as a strategic activity within NGSC. Our ability to manage 

risks creates opportunities as well. Corporate-level identification and management of risk 

are accomplished by using an Enterprise Risk Management approach. The Board of 

Directors is responsible for overseeing the overall risk management process. The Board 

reviews and updates the enterprise risk assessment where necessary. Committees of the 

Board and the Board as a whole participate in the oversight of the process. The Audit 

Committee ensures there is a risk management process, which is implemented accordingly. 

Responsibility for managing risk rests with executive management. 

 

Customer Privacy Protection 

Safeguarding our shareholders’ data is of paramount importance to the Group and we are 

committed to maintaining the utmost privacy and security of their personal data. We 

conduct our business in compliance with the requirements of the PDPA, which governs the 

collection, use, disclosure, and care of personal data. 

 

We have established data protection policies and procedures in compliance with the PDPA 

and have also appointed key management personnel who are responsible for the following:  

- 

Include aspects of compliance with the PDPA when developing and implementing 

policies and processes for handling personal data;  


 

12 

 

- 

Disseminate data protection policies to all employees through shared drives and 

cultivate culture on compliance within the Group;  

- 

Manage personal data protection related queries and complaints from the Group’s 

stakeholders;  

- 

Alert management to any risks that might arise concerning personal data; and  

- 

Report any data protection matters to the Personal Data Protection Commission, 

where necessary.  

 

Our employees are also aware of keeping business-related information confidential. The 

Group has in place procedures limiting data access rights of our employees commensurate 

to their scope of work as a measure to manage data privacy risk. These include password 

authorisation by levels of responsibility for access to sensitive data. Access to data is 

granted on a need-to basis. In line with the PDPA requirements, we are in the process of 

formalising the process and appointing a third-party service provider for the proper disposal 

of physical documents. 

 

In FY2021, there was no substantiated complaints concerning breaches of privacy and loss 

of customer data. In addition, the Group was not aware of any non-compliance with the 

relevant laws and regulations related to customers’ privacy, including but not limited to the 

PDPA. Moving forward, the Group targets to handle customer data responsibly in a secure 

operating environment as well as ensuring data are not being used for other purposes 

without adequate authorisation. 

 

Business Partners Management 

NGSC works with its subsidiaries in developing a sustainable relationship with business 

partners for its existing business model. As an investment holding company, we assess 

factors such as business partners’ and service providers’ core values, expertise, financial 

performance, and conformance to government regulations. The Company and its 

subsidiaries work closely to ensure our business partners and service providers have met 

requirements in regard to quality as well as environmental and social standards.  

 

We have standards and stringent procedures in place to identify, monitor, and manage risks 

and opportunities when selecting business partners and service providers. We review and 

evaluate all business partners and service providers prior to selection and regularly monitor 

and assess them during operation. Business partners and service providers are subjected to 

annual performance evaluations and may be suspended or removed from the approved list 

if they fail to fulfill our standards. The termination of relationship may also occur in the 

event any of them commits by any substantial violation of related laws and regulations.  

 


 

13 

 

Employment and Labour Practice 

Human Resource Management 

Employees are the foundation for supporting the development of NGSC. We are of the firm 

belief that all employees should be provided with a working environment that enables them 

to be productive and work to the best of their abilities. Hence, the Group has established 

relevant policies to fulfil its vision on people-oriented management. The human resources 

managing procedures are formally documented as an Employee Handbook, covering the 

aspects of recruitment, compensation, promotion, working hours and rest periods, diversity 

and equal opportunity, etc. The Employee Handbook does not only serve to standardise 

employment practices, it also respects and safeguards the legitimate interests of every 

employee, endeavouring to protect employees’ occupational health and safety. 

 

The Group understands that good benefits and welfare encourages retention and fosters a 

sense of belonging. We offer attractive remuneration packages, including discretionary 

bonuses, allowances, overtime, and medical claims. In addition to the entitlement of leaves 

stipulated by relevant laws and regulations, the Group provides a variety of leaves to cater 

to the needs of its employees, including but not limited to emergency leave, marriage leave, 

compassionate leave, and parental leave. In FY2021, 1 employee took parental leave and 

returned to work after the leave had ended. 

 

Training and Education 

We believe in encouraging the development of our employees and grooming them to their 

fullest potential, personally and professionally. Hence, we are committed to learning and 

development programmes to drive productivity and develop the personal effectiveness of 

our employees. As part of the Company’s initiatives, our employees select and manage a 

curriculum that is aligned with their core role responsibilities and personal development 

interests. 

 

Employees were encouraged to reflect on their performance over the financial year. During 

the employee appraisals, we recognise every employee for their valuable contributions at 

work, identify areas of improvement, and have set achievable targets for the next review 

period. 

 

Diversity, Equal Opportunity and Anti-discrimination  

The Group recognises the value of a diverse and skilled workforce and is dedicated to 

providing equal opportunities in all aspects of employment. Employees face no 

discrimination regardless of race, religion, colour, gender, physical or mental disability, age, 

place of origin, marital status, and sexual orientation and thus allowing them to be treated 

fairly in every aspect including recruitment, salary, training, and promotion. With the aim 


 

14 

 

of ensuring fair and equal protection for all employees, the Group emphatically states its 

zero tolerance stance on discrimination in the workplace of any form. 

 

The Group strives to ensure that complaints, grievances, and concerns, including whistle-

blowing, are dealt with promptly and confidentially. Employees can raise concerns and 

report incidents without fear of reprisals. Anyone found to be engaging in any type of 

unlawful discrimination will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including 

termination of employment. 

 

There were no incidents of discrimination during FY2021, and the Group aims to maintain 

this record for the forthcoming year. As at 31 March 2021, the Group had a total of 3 

employees, 1 of whom was male management personnel aged between 30 to 50, while 

another 2 were female general staff aged under 30. 

 

Environmental Protection 

As an investment holding company which operates in an office setting, the environmental 

impact of business operation is minimal. Nevertheless, the Group is committed to building 

an environmentally friendly corporate image and strives to reduce our environmental 

impact including the consumption of electricity and paper by integrating various green 

practices into our daily operations. 

 

Building a Green Office 

The Group’s energy consumption is limited to the electricity used in our offices. We have 

implemented energy control policy and adopted various energy-saving measures, such as 

using energy-saving equipment and setting all printers, copiers, and computers to the 

energy-saving mode where possible. To raise the awareness of energy conservation, the 

Group encourages employees to establish energy-saving habits at the office, such as 

switching off lights and electronic appliances before leaving the office. 

 

In FY2021, the electricity consumption of the Group’s major operation, which is the office 

located in Singapore, was approximately 9,451 kWh. The intensity of electricity 

consumption was approximately 3,150 kWh per employee. Given the need to practice social 

distancing during the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group has implemented work-from-home 

arrangement for its employees since June 2020, so the electricity consumption in FY2021 

was significantly lower than the normal level. As a result, the intensity of total energy 

consumption decreased by approximately 18.7% from approximately 3,876.5 kWh in 

FY2020 to approximately 3,150.33 kWh in FY2021. For information on the Group’s 

workforce, please refer to the section headed “Diversity, Equal Opportunity and Anti-

discrimination”. 


 

15 

 

 

Summary of energy consumption in FY2021 and FY2020: 

Types of energy 

Unit 

FY2021 

FY2020 

Direct energy consumption 

kWh 

- 

- 

Indirect 

energy 

consumption – Purchased 

electricity 

kWh 

9,451 

15,506 [1] 

Total energy consumption 

kWh 

9,451 

15,506 

Intensity 

kWh/employee 3,150.33 

3,876.50 

[1]: Indirect energy consumption data in FY2020 has been restated. 

 

Due to its business nature, the Group does not generate any hazardous waste in its 

operation. The major type of waste generated by our operation is office paper, for which 

the Group has taken various measures to minimise the impact and promote the “paperless 

office” concept. In particular, we facilitate the use of electronic means for communication. 

We also encourage duplex printing and single-side printed papers reusing by setting up 

collection boxes near the printers. In addition, we encourage employees to reduce the use 

of one-off products to mitigate the disposal of general waste.  

 

Other than encouraging employees to reduce waste generation, the Group supports a 

circular economic model where resources are recycled. Waste separation bins are set up in 

the office to collect recyclables. The collected recyclables are transported to recycling 

facilities in due course. During FY2021, the Group collected 2 kg of paper and 5 kg of 

cardboard for recycling. In the coming years, the Group will continue to facilitate waste 

recycling. 

 

In FY2021, the Group’s office located in Singapore disposed of approximately 46.79 kg of 

non-hazardous waste, which comprised mainly office paper. As the Group needed to handle 

more paperwork and expanded its disclosure to include data on cardboard waste in FY2021, 

the amount of non-hazardous waste increased by approximately 50% from approximately 

31.19 kg in FY2020. The Group will continue to review its environmental policies regularly 

and take necessary measures to improve its efficiency of resources use. 

 

Summary of non-hazardous waste produced in FY2021 and FY2020: 

Type of non-hazardous waste 

Unit 

FY2021 

FY2020 

Office paper 

kg 

41.79 

31.19 

Cardboard 

kg 

5.00 

- 

Total non-hazardous waste 

kg 

46.79 

31.19 

 


 

16 

 

Environmental Compliance 

During FY2021, the Group was not aware of any non-compliance with the relevant 

environmental laws and regulations in Singapore in relation to air and GHG emissions, 

discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste, 

including but not limited to the Environmental Protection and Management Act. 

 

 


 

17 

 

GRI Standards Content Index 

GRI 

Indicator 

Description 

Page Reference and Reasons 

for Omission, if applicable 

GRI 102: General Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of the organization 

Sustainability Report (“SR”): 

Page 1 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

SR: Page 3 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

SR: Page 3 

102-4 

Location of operations 

SR: Page 3 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report (“AR”): Page 

54 

102-6 

Markets served 

AR: Page 97 

102-7 

Scale of the organization 

SR: Pages 4 and 14 

AR: Pages 48-49 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

SR: Page 14 

102-9 

Supply chain 

SR: Page 12-13 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organization and its supply 

chain 

There were no significant 

changes to the organisation’s 

size, structure, ownership, or 

supply chain in FY2021. 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach 

SR: Pages 10-11 

102-12 

External initiatives 

No participation in external 

initiatives. 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

SR: Page 4 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

SR: Pages 1-2 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior 

SR: Page 4 

102-18 

Governance structure 

SR: Pages 5-6 

AR: Pages 3-27 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR: Pages 6-7 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

The management has not 

adopted 

any 

collective 

bargaining agreement. 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholder 

SR: Pages 6-7 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR: Pages 6-7 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR: Pages 8 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

SR: Page 4 

AR: Pages 48-53  

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

SR: Page 2 


 

18 

 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR: Page 8 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

Indirect energy consumption 

data in FY2020 has been 

restated. 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

There were no changes in 

reporting. 

102-50 

Reporting period 

SR: Pages 2-3 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

07 September 2020 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

SR: Page 3 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR: Pages 17-19 

102-56 

External assurance 

This report was not externally 

assured. 

GRI 103: Management Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 

SR: Pages 9-16 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

SR: Pages 9-16 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

SR: Pages 9-16 

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

SR: Pages 10-11 

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-corruption 

policies and procedures 

SR: Pages 10-11 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

SR: Pages 10 

GRI 302: Energy 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organization 

SR: Page 14-15 

302-3 

Energy intensity 

SR: Page 14-15 

GRI 306: Waste 

306-3 

Waste generated 

SR: Page 15-16 

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance 

with 

environmental 

laws 

and 

regulations 

SR: Page 16 

GRI 401: Employment 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full time employees that are not 

provided to temporary or part-time employees 

SR: Page 13 

401-3 

Parental leave 

SR: Page 13 

GRI 404: Training and Education 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 

assistance programs 

SR: Page 13 

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 


 

19 

 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

SR: Page 14 

GRI 406: Non-discrimination 

406-1 

Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken SR: Page 14 

GRI 418: Customer Privacy 

418-1 

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses of customer data 

SR: Pages 11-12 

 

----------------END---------------- 

