























































































































































































































































































































































































Contents





























































02

Corporate Profile

03

Corporate Values – Nico Steel’s DRIVE

04

Board Statement

About the Report and Boundary

 

Assurance

 

Website and Feedback

 

Membership of Association

05

Governance Disclosures

Risk Management and Internal Control

Code of Business Conduct

Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy

06

Customer Privacy

Sustainability Committee

Communication with Stakeholders

07

Focus Areas

Stakeholders Engagement

08

Materiality Assessment Framework

Commitment and Disclosures of Key Performance 

Indicators

10

Snapshot for FY2019

Water

Water Recycling and Discharge

11

Waste and Effluent

Non-Compliance with Environmental Laws  

and/or Regulations

Diversity and Equality

Training and Education

12

Employee Engagement and Turnover

Health and Safety

Socioeconomic

13

Community

Indirect Economic Impacts

Supply Chain and Procurement Policy

Local Suppliers

14

GRI Standards Content Index





NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

01








Nico Steel Holdings Limited 尼尔金属控股有限公司 (“Nico Steel” and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”), 

is a specialist in ferrous and non-ferrous metal alloys with a focus on customising technologically innovative metal 

materials under its proprietary “Nico” brand.

The Group’s proprietary patented production technology allows it to customise metallurgical solutions to meet the 

evolving requirements and demands from its broad base of customers, particularly in the mobile communications, 

consumer electronics, industrial and automotive sectors.

The Group is well established in the upstream metal materials industry and drives growth through (i) providing 

customised solutions as value-added services to component and contract manufacturers to meet their metal 

fabrication requirements, and (ii) cultivating demand from brand owners and leaders of mobile communications, 

consumer electronics, industrial and automotive sectors for its proprietary “Nico” brand of specialised metal alloy 

materials that can meet the ever evolving and stringent requirements of new digital devices.

Headquartered in Singapore, the Group owns and operates processing and production facilities in China, and 

Thailand. The production facility in Singapore acts as its R&amp;D centre.

Nico Steel is listed on the Stock Exchange of Singapore Dealing and Automated Quotation System on 7 April 2005 

and was upgraded to the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) on 5 January 

2009 under the stock code 5GF.





NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

02

CORPORATE PROFILE








This involves breaking out of established patterns and 

problem-solving in order to look at things from a fresh 

perspective.

Regards Change as an Opportunity

Daring Creativity

Nico Steel is always sensitive to the constant change in 

the business environment, locally and globally, to seize 

opportunities.

Intense Passion

It is Nico Steel’s belief that we have the ability and means 

to deliver our promises from concept to reality.

Visionary Partnership

Nico Steel’s strategy of collaborating with our customers and 

suppliers is pivotal in achieving the desired performance of 

end-user electronic devices.

Excellence

The culture of excellence at Nico Steel has instilled pride

and motivation in our employees and is the driving force 

behind our innovative spirit.

CORPORATE VALUES – NICO STEEL’S DRIVE

Nico Steel’s DRIVE distinguishes Nico Steel and its employees from its competitors. At Nico Steel, we embrace and 

live by these values throughout our organization and also with our customers and suppliers. We call this ‘Inside-Out 

Branding’.





NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

03


The Board of Nico Steel (the “Board”) is pleased to present our second sustainability report (“SR”). As we continue 

to grow and pursue new business opportunities, we continue to engage our stakeholders in our sustainable 

growth strategies and practices.

Together with the Board’s leadership, Management is committed to managing and improving our environmental, 

social and governance (“ESG”) practices and economic performance. With each SR that we release to our 

stakeholders, metrics and targets that become material or more significant to our business will be progressively 

added, which we trust will provide a more complete picture. As a group, we are committed to creating and 

delivering long-term value to our stakeholders, by doing our business in a responsible and sustainable manner 

in the countries where we are present.

ABOUT THE REPORT AND BOUNDARY

This SR is prepared to provide an overview of our business practices employing the “Global Reporting Initiative 

Standards: Core option” (“GRI Standards”) as a guideline, and complying with the provisions of Listing 

Rules 711A and 711B of the listing manual (“Listing Manual”) of the SGX-ST. Nico Steel has also references the 

SGX Sustainability Reporting Guide to meet primary components as set out under the practice notes in the 

Listing Manual.

This SR focuses on Nico Steel’s sustainability practices with regards to the Group’s operations in Singapore, China 

and Thailand from 1 March 2018 to 28 February 2019 (“FY2019”). As mentioned in our earlier report, Nico Steel 

has adopted a progressive approach in its sustainability reporting, and will include issues and factors that are 

considered by management to be material in achieving sustainable growth as we mature in our sustainability 

journey.

This SR does not evaluate performance against any established targets as yet, but the Group remains committed 

to setting targets and goals as our sustainability reporting matures. Data collection has just started and we are 

establishing the baseline for most of what we consider material issues and factors.

ASSURANCE

No external assurance has been sought for this SR. The Group may in future SRs consider doing so as we steadily 

progress in our reporting journey.

WEBSITE AND FEEDBACK

We welcome stakeholders to provide us with feedback and suggestions on this report. You may contact us at 

info@nico.com.sg

A copy of the Group’s FY2019 annual report (“AR 2019”) can be downloaded at: http://www.nicosteel.com

MEMBERSHIP OF ASSOCIATION

The Group is a member of Singapore Business Federation.





NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

04

BOARD STATEMENT


The Board consists of Mr Danny Tan Chee Khiong (Executive Chairman &amp; President) and five other Directors from 

diverse backgrounds with various expertise in business, finance, legal, and management.

The primary role of the Board is to provide stewardship to, and work with, Management for the long-term success 

of the Company. It sets the overall strategy for the Group and supervises the management. To fulfil this role, the 

Board is responsible for the overall corporate governance of the Group, including providing overall stewardship 

to, and working with management to set strategic direction for the Group, establish risk policies and goals and 

monitoring the achievement of these goals.

To assist in the execution of its responsibilities, the Board has established a number of committees, including an 

Audit Committee (“AC”), a Nominating Committee and a Remuneration Committee. These committees are chaired 

by Independent Directors and function within clearly defined terms of reference and operating procedures. Full 

profiles of Directors are available on pages 6 to 7 and pages 17 to 20 of AR 2019.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The Board has overall responsibility for the governance of risks to safeguard shareholders’ interests and its assets. 

The Board has engaged the services of a professional firm in respect of internal audit services. Pursuant to the 

engagement, the internal controls of the Group are consistently being reviewed and recommendation made to 

improve the internal controls which have been found to be lacking or could be improved upon.

The AC assists the Board in providing risk-management oversight while the ownership of day-to-day management 

and monitoring of existing internal control systems are delegated to management which comprises the Executive 

Chairman &amp; President, the Group Finance Manager and Head of each business division.

Based on the Group’s internal controls and the procedures established and maintained by the Group, as well as 

work and review performed by the external auditors, the Board with the concurrence of the AC is of the view that 

the Group’s risk-management systems and internal control systems are adequate and effective in monitoring 

financial, operational, compliance and information technology risks, while acknowledging that no system of 

internal controls and procedures can be full-proof.

Further information on our risk management and internal controls can be found on pages 26 to 29 in the Report 

on Corporate Governance as set out in AR 2019.

CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT

The Company has in place a Whistle-Blowing policy which provides a channel for our employees to raise concerns 

they may have about potential or actual impropriety directly to the Lead Independent Director. The Company 

protects whistle-blowers from any form of retaliation, harassment or other discriminatory acts. No whistle 

blowing report was made in FY2019.

ANTI-BRIBERY AND CORRUPTION POLICY

Nico Steel has zero tolerance of bribery and corruption, and all employees are expected to uphold the highest 

standards of professional conduct. There was no report of any personnel or officer of the Group engaging in 

bribery or corruption in FY2019.





NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

05

GOVERNANCE DISCLOSURES


CUSTOMER PRIVACY

The Group has not received any complaints in FY2019 regarding breach of customer privacy. The Group has identified 

an in-house designated Data Protection Officer to initiate the process of overseeing data collection of customers in 

Singapore. Although almost all of the Company’s customers are located overseas, especially China, the Company 

will draw up and implement, in accordance with Singapore and applicable local laws, data protection and privacy 

procedures and policies.

SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE

Nico Steel’s sustainability agenda is developed and directed by senior management with guidance from the Board. 

Our sustainability approach is focused on providing superior services and products to our customers and developing 

good sustainable relationships with our suppliers which we believe will in turn generate stable and sustainable value 

for our shareholders. We use our best endeavours to identify and manage foreseeable economic, environmental and 

social risks that may have an adverse impact on our business. We also take identify through market research and 

knowledge to seize opportunities present in the business sector we operate in.

The Group’s Sustainability Committee includes senior management executives, led by the Executive Chairman &amp; 

President and Group Finance Manager who report to the Board. The Sustainability Committee is responsible for 

reviewing the company’s sustainability performance, material topics, stakeholder concerns, setting targets and goals 

that will enhance and sustain our performance both economically and socially, and establishing systems to collect, 

verify, monitor and report information required for our sustainability reporting.

The Sustainability Committee meets at least once a year to propose, coordinate and promote the company’s 

sustainability initiatives. The Sustainability Committee is also regularly updated with reports on the progress of the 

Group’s sustainability efforts.

COMMUNICATION WITH STAKEHOLDERS

The Group is committed to continually strengthening our relationship with our shareholders and stakeholders. Nico 

Steel holds analyst and media briefings when announcing half-yearly and year-end results. Full transcripts of the 

proceedings are made available on SGXNet and our website at http://www.nicosteel.com

Financial results and price-sensitive announcement are released in a timely manner through press releases or 

announcements via SGXNet. The Company’s website is also another important source of information for our 

shareholders and stakeholders.

A detailed report on our governance disclosures can be found on pages 13 to 35 as set out in our AR 2019.

Group Finance Manager

Board of Directors

Executive Chairman and President

Business Division Head, Singapore

Business Division Head, China

Business Division Head, Thailand





NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

06


FOCUS AREAS

To better align our efforts with our long-term strategy, we have identified four Focus Areas with relevant material 

ESG factors using our material assessment framework. The material ESG factors, which may have a group-wide impact 

have also been reviewed and approved by our Sustainability Committee and our Board.

Our Focus Area

COMPLIANCE

ENVIRONMENTAL 

PROTECTION

RESPONSIBLE 

PROCUREMENT

CARE FOR 

OUR EMPLOYEES

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT

The Group places great importance to having open and transparent engagement with our key stakeholders. 

Stakeholders play an important role to ensure the sustainability of our business and products. We intend to use formal 

and informal engagement methods to improve and sustain our relationship with the various groups of stakeholders. 

A summary of how we intend to go about accomplishing this is identified and summarised as follows:

OUR 

STAKEHOLDERS

STAKEHOLDERS’ 

EXPECTATIONS

MODE OF 

ENGAGEMENT

OUR INITIATIVES AND  

RESPONSES

Customers

• Customer privacy

• Quality control

• On-time delivery and services

• Technical support

• Reasonable payment terms

• Competitive pricing

• Customer feedback 

management (survey, face-

to-face meetings)

• Regular sales calls and 

meetings

• Active follow-up on 

customers’ needs

• Regular internal meetings 

to review on customers’ 

fulfilment and new 

requirements

• Update customers on new 

products and solutions

• Provide timely feedback to 

customers

Employees

• Career growth

• Training opportunities

• Competitive salaries and 

incentives

• A pleasant, non-discriminatory 

and safe working environment

• Regular internal 

communications

• Regular review of working 

environment and welfare

• Employee feedback

• Ensure effective 

implementation of HR 

policies

• Regular internal meetings 

to review on safety

• Annual review on 

performance

Shareholders &amp; 

Investors

• Higher financial returns

• Industry conditions

• Market presence

• Profitability

• Transparency &amp; corporate 

governance

• Announcements on 

SGXNet

• Annual General Meeting

• Investor roadshows

• Analyst meetings

• Electronic communications 

through investor relations

• Annual reports

• Regular and timely updates 

via announcements and 

press releases as and when 

required

• Ensure sustainable business 

growth

Government &amp; 

Regulators

• Regulatory compliance

• Occupational health &amp; safety

• Environmental issues

• Social issues

• Meetings

• Electronic communications

• Ensure compliance with 

applicable laws

• Meetings with relevant 

authorities on regular basis





NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

07


MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT FRAMEWORK

As part of the GRI Standards disclosures, Nico Steel has adopted the recommended approach of the four reporting principles 

namely stakeholder inclusiveness, sustainability context, its materiality, and completeness when determining material, strategic 

and reporting issues.

The table below shows the most relevant concerns for Nico Steel that have been identified in the internal materiality analysis. 

As our sustainability reporting matures, we plan to engage other groups of stakeholders to better understand their materiality 

concerns. Therefore, this list of material topics may in future SRs reflect other issues which we have not previously considered.

ComplianCe with laws 

and Regulations

enviRonmental 

pRoteCtion

Responsible 

pRoCuRement

CaRe foR 

ouR employees

Socioeconomic compliance

(GRI 419-1)

Waste Management 

(GRI 306-2)

Supplier Management 

(GRI 414-1)

Employment 

(GRI 401-1)

Environmental compliance 

(GRI 307-1)

Water recycled 

(GRI 303-3)

Occupational Health and 

Safety 

(GRI 403-2)

Commitment and disClosuRe of Key peRfoRmanCe indiCatoRs (“Kpis”)

All data in the SR has been extracted internally from our kept documents and/or records. While the SR does not specifically 

evaluate performance against established targets as yet, the Group is committed to setting targets and goals for future reporting.

As of 28 February 2019, our data gathering is still in progress and not complete for certain indicators and regions. As such, wherever 

data is inadequate or not available for presentation, we have included an explanatory note. The Group hopes to establish and 

implement data tracking and gathering mechanisms for a more comprehensive reporting going forward.





NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

08


The following baselines were put in place to commit to certain targets using key performance indicators.

peRfoRmanCe indiCatoRs

Commitment (taRget)

Kpis

economic performance

Grow profits and improve cash flow

• Revenue

• Operating costs

• Profit after Tax

• Sustainable Dividend

water Conservation

Maintain 

and 

ideally 

reduce 

water 

consumption and encourage use of treated/

recycled water

Water consumption

waste management

Ideally encourage more use of recycled 

materials

Recycling rate of waste

occupational health &amp; safety

Provide a safe and healthy work environment. 

Reduce the injury rate and lost day rate year 

on year

• Work-related fatalities

• Injury rate

• Lost day rate

• Absentee rate

employee

Improve employees’ competencies and 

satisfaction toward their jobs

• Programs implemented

• Training hours per staff

• Amount spent per employee

Customer health &amp; safety

Ensure legal compliance in all areas of 

operations and be ethical in business 

conduct and practices

Non-compliance 

incidents 

with 

regulations and/or voluntary codes

socioeconomic Compliance

No incidents of non-compliance, and uphold 

high standards of ethical business conduct 

and practices

Significant fines and non-monetary 

sanctions for non-compliance with laws 

and/or regulations





NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

09


SNAPSHOT FOR FY2019

For full information on our economic performance, please refer to pages 44 to 101 of our financial statements in AR 2019.

WATER

The Group consumes large volumes of water in its manufacturing processes. The Group only draws water from public utilities 

for our business operations. In FY2019, our total water consumption was 41,330 m3.

ECONOMIC

FY2019

Revenue (US$’000)

15,094

Profit After Tax (US$’000)

328

Earnings per Share on a 

Fully Diluted Basis  

(US cents)

0.01

Net Asset Value per Share 

(US cents)

0.4

Dividend Paid

Nil

ENVIRONMENTAL

FY2019

Water consumption (m3)

41,330

Water recycled (m3)

Negligible

Non-hazardous waste 

(tonnes)

18.8

Non-Compliance with 

environmental

Nil

EMPLOYEES

FY2019

Number of employees

109

Full time employees

109

Male employees

62

Female employees

47

Fatal accidents

Nil

Average training per 

employee (hour)

1.64

WATER RECYCLING AND DISCHARGE

Water used as part of our production process is principally discharged via public sewage systems. Prior to 2019 we did not recycle 

waste water discharged. Almost all waste water is discharged through a defined discharge point into the local sewer.

During the last quarter of FY2019, our operation in electroplating production facilities in China started using a customised in-

house wastewater treatment and water recycling system to increase cost savings from the fee charged per tonne for wastewater 

discharge. Using this method, it is expected to reduce the average wastewater discharge from 11 tonnes to 8 tonnes for every 

tonne of metal alloy produced. This reduction could potentially lead to cost savings of approximately 20 – 40% from the fee 

charged for every tonne of wastewater discharged from the electroplating production facility. As at the date of this SR, the total 

recycled water was negligible. Recycled water data and its savings will be published in our next SR for FY2020.

In China, there are heavy monetary fines for any unlawful discharge to the public sewage system. In FY2019 there has been no 

penalty levied on our Chinese operations for unlawful discharge of waste water. The Group is reviewing recycling initiatives and 

may add more water recycling equipments to recycle our waste water.

Total Water used (m3)

China

Thailand

Singapore

40,368

300

662





NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

10


WASTE AND EFFLUENT

The waste generated at our manufacturing plants includes scrap metal besides waste waters used during production 

and electroplating process. All waste is disposed using waste contractors hired by our respective manufacturing plants in 

compliance with applicable laws, and disposed of through recycling, landfill or incineration. Where possible, for instance 

in the case of scrap metal, our waste is recycled by specialist contractors. In FY2019, approximately 18.8 tonnes of non-

hazardous waste was generated by our subsidiaries which were not recycled but some were reused. Currently, the Group 

has not collated any data of its waste used for recycling.

NON-COMPLIANCE WITH ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS AND/OR REGULATIONS

During FY2019, there was no non-compliance with applicable environmental law and/or regulations in the countries where 

Nico Steel operates which would incur a penalty.

DIVERSITY AND EQUALITY

Nico Steel is an equal opportunities and meritocratic-based employer, and does not tolerate discrimination. There was no 

incident of discrimination reported in FY2019. The Group has a total of 109 employees, 43% of whom were female and 57% 

were male.

The Group complies with all applicable labour laws in the regions in which we operate and have zero tolerance of the use 

of child labour or forced labour practice, whether at our premises or by suppliers.

TRAINING AND EDUCATION

The Group recognises that our employees are key stakeholders and that their knowledge and skill are critical in achieving 

overall success. We also believe that staff retention and productivity can be improved through the personal development 

of our workforce.

The Group provides structured training to equip our employees with the skills and knowledge required within the business, 

and makes use of both in-house and external training. All employees of the Group receive regular feedback on their 

performance and development through appraisal.

We are continuously seeking to develop and improve our training and employee development. In FY2019, the Group had 

spent an average of 1.64 hours to train our employees.





NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

11


The Group offers a range of benefits to its employees, which varies by region and includes some or all of the following – parental 

leave, life insurance, healthcare, and pension provision. All our employees receive their regular appraisal. The various entities 

within the Group also hold events such as team building exercises, outings and staff dinners.

Going forward, we intend to deepen our engagement with our employees, and will be monitoring and reporting on our staff 

turnover, with the aim of improving our employee engagement and retention.

HEALTH AND SAFETY

The Group is committed to providing a safe working environment for its employees and also to providing products which are safe 

for its customers to use. Across the Group, we have obtained ISO 9001:2015 certifications for our China, Thailand and Singapore 

operational subsidiaries.

Each of the Group’s facilities complies fully with all local occupational health and safety (OHS) regulations and there were no 

breaches identified in FY2019. There were no fatalities or serious work-related injuries, and neither were there any incidents of 

work-related diseases. Going forwards, the Group aims to provide OHS data including injury rate, occupational disease rate, lost 

day rate and absentee rate.

In product design, manufacturing and material procurement processes, safety is paramount. Nico Steel is not aware of any non-

compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes, nor has it been made aware of any safety issues arising out of the use of 

our products.

SOCIOECONOMIC

The Group takes seriously its obligations to comply with all applicable legislation and standards in the regions in which it operates. 

In FY2019, no fines due to non-compliance with existing labour laws and/or regulations across the Group has been imposed.

40

35

30

25

20

15

10

5

0

35

8

0

1

3

3

4

6

2

30

25

20

15

10

5

0

27

9

1

2

1

2

3

1

1

Singapore

China

Thailand

Singapore

China

Thailand

Male Employees (Age Breakdown)

Female Employees (Age Breakdown)

Under 30

30 to 50

Over 50

Under 30

30 to 50

Over 50





NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

12

EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT AND TURNOVER




COMMUNITY

The Group would like to minimise our impact on our environment where we operate. Our facilities draw workforces from the 

local communities where they are based and in this manner give-back to the local communities.

INDIRECT ECONOMIC IMPACTS

The Group’s operations contributed to the economies of the countries in which it operates. The Group has created employment, 

up-skilled local workforces through training and on-the-job experience, and contributed to tax revenues.

SUPPLY CHAIN AND PROCUREMENT POLICY

The Group recognises the crucial role that its suppliers play in the overall operation and success of the business. We are dependent 

on our suppliers, and is in the Group’s interest for our suppliers to be successful, whilst supplying quality components at acceptable 

price range.

Whilst the Group has not formulated or implemented policy on sustainability practice in relation to our suppliers, we do conduct 

formal assessments on many of our existing key suppliers, and also on new suppliers. These assessments cover some ESG aspects, 

including the use of child labour.

LOCAL SUPPLIERS

The Group strives to keep its supply chains short and local. However, many of the components used in the Group’s products, 

notably steel plates, are sourced from large multi-national corporations, and so it is not always possible to source locally. 

Furthermore, the need to remain competitive may necessitate sourcing components from the most cost-effective suppliers, 

which may be located off-shore.





NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

13


GRI

Standards    Disclosures

Page Number(s) and/or URL or Reason for Omission

1. Organizational profile

102-1

Name of the organisation

AR and SR

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

2, SR

102-3

Location of headquarters

Singapore

102-4

Location of operations

2, SR

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Public Listed Company (Limited by Share Capital)

102-6

Markets served

4 – 5, AR 2019

102-7

Scale of the organisation

AR 2019

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

10, SR

102-9

Supply chain

13, SR

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain

13, SR

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

6, SR

26 – 29 AR 2019

102-12

External initiatives

4 – 13, SR

102-13

Membership of associations

4, SR

2. Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

4, SR

3.  Ethics and integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour

3, SR

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics

5, SR

4.  Governance

102-18

Governance structure

5 – 6, SR

13 – 35, AR 2019

5. Stakeholder engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

7, SR

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Not applicable. No collective bargaining agreements

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

7 – 8, SR

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

7, SR

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

7, SR

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

74 – 75, AR 2019

102-46

Defining report content and topic Boundaries

4, SR





NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

14

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX


GRI

Standards    Disclosures

Page Number(s) and/or URL or Reason for Omission

5. Stakeholder engagement (cont’d)

102-47

List of material topics

8, SR

102-48

Restatements of information

Not applicable. This is the second year of reporting.

102-49

Changes in reporting

Not applicable.

102-50

Reporting period

1 March 2018 to 28 February 2019

102-51

Date of most recent report

FY 2019

102-52

Disclosure Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

4, SR

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

This report has been prepared in accordance with the 

GRI Standards: Core option

102-55

GRI content index

14 – 16, SR

102-56

External assurance

Not applicable. This is the second year of reporting.

103-1

Explanation of Material Topic and its Boundary

7 – 8, SR

103-2

The management approach and its components

8 – 13, SR

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

8 – 13, SR

Economic Presence

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

10, SR

Indirect Economic Impact

203-1

Infrastructure investments and services supported

12, SR

Anti-Corruption

205-2

Communication and training on anti-corruption policies 

and procedures

5, SR

205-3

Incidents and action taken

5, SR

Water

303-1

Total water consumption

10, SR

303-3

Water recycled and reused

10, SR

Effluents and Waste

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

11, SR

Employment

401-1

New employee hires and employee turnover

12, SR

Occupational/Health and Safety

403-1

Staff represented in OHS committee

12, SR

403-2

Occupational injury

12, SR





NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

15


GRI

Standards    Disclosures

Page Number(s) and/or URL or Reason for Omission

5. Stakeholder engagement (cont’d)

Training/Education

404-1

Average hours of training

11, SR

404-3

Performance and career development reviews

11, SR

Diversity and Equal Opportunities

405-1

Diversity

11, SR

Supplier Social Assessment

414-1

New suppliers that were screened using social criteria

13, SR

Public Policy

415-1

Political contributions

5, SR

Customer Health and Safety

416-1

Health and safety impacts assessment of products and 

services

12, SR

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance

12, SR

Customer Privacy

418-1

Customer privacy and losses of customer data

6, SR

Socioeconomic Compliance

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social 

and economic area

12, SR





NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

16




















Nico Steel Holdings Limited

尼尔金属控股有限公司

(Incorporated in Singapore with 

Unique Entity No. 200104166D)

51 Loyang Way,

Singapore 508744

Tel: (65) 6542 1886

Fax: (65) 6542 1986

www.nicosteel.com































































































































































































































































































































































The Metallurgical and Materials Solutions Specialist

