






































CONTENTS

02

Corporate Profile

Corporate Value – Nico Steel’s DRIVE

04

Board Statement

About the Report and Boundary

Assurance

Website and Feedback

Membership of Association

05

Governance Disclosures

Risk Management and Internal Control

Code of Business Conduct

Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy

06

Customer Privacy

Sustainability Committee

Communication with Stakeholders

07

Focus Areas

Stakeholders Engagement

08

Materiality Assessment Framework

Commitment and Disclosures of Key 

Performance Indicators

09

Snapshot for FY2020

Water

Water Recycling and Discharge



11

Waste and Effluent

Non-Compliance with Environmental 

Laws and/or Regulations

Diversity and Equality

Training and Education

13

Employee Engagement and Turnover

Health and Safety

Socioeconomic

15

Community

Indirect Economic Impacts

Supply Chain and Procurement Policy

Local Suppliers

Accolades

16

GRI Standards Content Index

NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



01








Nico Steel Holdings Limited 尼尔金属控股有限公司 (“Nico Steel” and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”), is a 

specialist in ferrous and non-ferrous metal alloys with a focus on customising technologically innovative metal materials 

under its proprietary “Nico” brand.

The Group’s proprietary patented production technology allows it to customise metallurgical solutions to meet the evolving 

requirements of its broad base of customers, particularly in the mobile communications, consumer electronics, industrial 

and automotive sectors.

Well-established in the upstream metal materials industry, the Group drives growth through (i) providing customised 

solutions as value-added services to component and contract manufacturers to meet their metal fabrication requirements, 

and (ii) cultivating demand from brand owners and leaders of mobile communications, consumer electronics, industrial 

and automotive sectors for its proprietary “Nico” brand of specialised metal alloy materials that will meet the evolving and 

stringent requirements of new digital devices.

Headquartered in Singapore, the Group owns and operates processing and production facilities in China and Thailand, while 

the production facility in Singapore acts as its R&amp;D centre.

Nico Steel is listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) on 7 April 2005 and was upgraded to 

the Mainboard on 5 January 2009 under the stock code 5GF.

NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



02

CORPORATE PROFILE












CORPORATE VALUES

NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



03



CORPORATE 



PROFILE

EXCELLENCE

The culture of excellence at Nico Steel has instilled pride 

and motivation in our employees and is the driving force 

behind our innovative spirit.

VISIONARY PARTNERSHIP

Nico Steel’s strategy of collaborating with our customers 

and suppliers is pivotal in achieving the desired 

performance of end-user electronic devices.

INTENSE PASSION 

It is Nico Steel’s belief that we have the ability and 

means to deliver our promises from concept to reality.

REGARDS CHANGE AS AN OPPORTUNITY 

Nico Steel is always sensitive to the constant change 

in the business environment, locally and globally, to 

seize opportunities.

DARING CREATIVITY 

This involves breaking out of established patterns and 

problem-solving in order to look at things from a fresh 

perspective.

Nico Steel’s DRIVE distinguishes Nico Steel and its employees. At Nico Steel, we embrace and live by these values throughout 

our organization and also with our customers and suppliers. We call this ‘Inside-Out Branding’.






The Board of Nico Steel (the “Board”) is pleased to present our third sustainability report (“SR”). While we continue to grow 

and pursue new business opportunities, we continue to acknowledge our stakeholders needs to be engaged in our sustainable 

growth strategies and practices.

Together with the Board’s leadership, Management is committed to manage and communicate our environmental, social and 

governance (“ESG”) practices and economic performance. As we continue on our sustainability journey, metrics and targets that 

are material to our business will be progressively added, which will provide more insights in our subsequent reports. As a group, 

we are committed to creating and delivering long-term and sustainable value to our stakeholders through responsible practices 

in the countries where we operate.

ABOUT THE REPORT AND BOUNDARY

This SR has been prepared in accordance to the “Global Reporting Initiative Standards: Core option” (“GRI Standards”) and the 

requirements of Listing Rules 711A and 711B of SGX. Nico Steel has also referenced the SGX Sustainability Reporting Guide to 

meet primary components.

This SR focuses on Nico Steel’s sustainability performance with regards to the Group’s operations in Singapore, China and Thailand 

from 1 March 2019 to 29 February 2020 (“FY2020”). As mentioned in our earlier SRs, Nico Steel has adopted a progressive approach 

towards its sustainability reporting, and will consider other factors for inclusion as we mature in our sustainability journey.

This SR does not evaluate performance against any established targets as yet, but the Group remains committed to setting 

targets and goals in terms of sustainability reporting as we mature in this connection. Data collection has just started, and we 

are establishing the baseline for most of the material topics.

ASSURANCE

No external assurance was sought for this report. The Group may consider doing so as we progress in our reporting journey.

WEBSITE AND FEEDBACK

We welcome stakeholders to provide us with feedback and suggestions on this report. You may contact us at info@nico.com.sg.

A copy of the Group’s FY2020 annual report (“AR 2020”) can also be downloaded at http://www.nicosteel.com.

MEMBERSHIP OF ASSOCIATION

The Group is a member of Singapore Business Federation.

NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



04

BOARD STATEMENT






The Board consists of Mr Danny Tan Chee Khiong (Executive Chairman &amp; President) and five other Directors from diverse 

backgrounds with expertise in business, finance, legal and management.

The primary role of the Board is to protect and enhance long-term shareholder value. It sets the overall strategy for the Group 

and supervises the management. To fulfil this role, the Board is responsible for the overall corporate governance of the Group, 

including providing leadership, setting its strategic direction, establishing risk policy and goals for the management as well as 

monitoring the achievement of these goals. The Board also acts as a platform for constructive discussions with the management.

To assist in the execution of its responsibilities, the Board has established a number of committees, including an Audit Committee, 

a Nominating Committee and a Remuneration Committee. These committees are chaired by Independent Directors and function 

within clearly defined terms of reference and operating procedures. Full profiles of Directors are available on pages 6 to 7 and 

pages 15 to 21 of the AR 2020.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The Board has overall responsibility for the governance of risks, safeguarding shareholders’ interests and the Group’s assets. The 

Board has engaged the services of a professional firm for the Group’s internal audit function in compliance with the Code of 

Corporate Governance and the Listing Rules.

The AC assists the Board in providing risk management oversight while the ownership of day-to-day management and monitoring 

of existing internal control systems are delegated to management which comprises the Executive Chairman &amp; President, the 

Group Finance Manager and Head of each business division.

Based on the Group’s internal controls put in place and the procedures established and maintained by the Group, as well as 

work and review performed by the external auditors, the management, various Board Committees and the Board, the Board with 

the concurrence of the AC is of the view that the Group’s risk management systems and internal control systems in place are 

adequate and effective in addressing financial, operational, compliance and information technology risks.

Further information on our risk management and internal controls can be found on pages 27 to 31 in the Report on Corporate 

Governance as set out in AR 2020.

CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT

The Company has in place a Whistle-Blowing policy which provides a channel for our employees to raise concerns they may have 

about potential or actual improprieties directly to the Lead Independent Director. The Group protects whistle-blowers from any 

form of retaliation, harassment or other discriminatory acts. There were no reportable incidents of whistle blowing in FY2020.

ANTI-BRIBERY AND CORRUPTION POLICY

Nico Steel has zero tolerance to bribery and corruption, and all employees are expected to uphold the highest standards of 

professional conduct. At Nico Steel, we value integrity and honestly highly. There were no reportable incidents of any employee 

engaging in bribery or corruption in FY2020. No monetary incentive or equivalent was provided to any politically exposed person 

or political parties to secure any contract.

NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



05

GOVERNANCE DISCLOSURES






The Group has not identified any substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy during FY2020. The Group 

has identified an in-house designated Data Protection Officer to initiate the process of overseeing customer data collection in 

Singapore.

SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE

Nico Steel’s sustainability agenda is developed and directed by senior management with guidance from the Board. Our 

sustainability approach is focused on providing superior services and products to our customers and developing good sustainable 

relationships with our suppliers which we believe will in turn generate stable and sustainable value for our shareholders. We use 

our best endeavours to identify and manage foreseeable economic, environmental and social risks that may have an adverse 

impact on our business. We also take identify through market research and knowledge to seize opportunities present in the 

business sector we operate in.

The Group’s Sustainability Committee includes senior management executives, led by the Executive Chairman &amp; President and 

Group Finance Manager who report to the Board. The Sustainability Committee is responsible for reviewing the company’s 

sustainability performance, material topics, stakeholder concerns, setting targets and goals that will enhance and sustain our 

performance both economically and socially, and establishing systems to collect, verify, monitor and report information required 

for our sustainability reporting.

Board of Directors

Group Finance Manager

Executive Chairman and President

Business Division Head, China

Business Division Head, Thailand

Business Division Head, Singapore

The Sustainability Committee meets at least once a year and proposes, coordinates and promotes the company’s main 

sustainability initiatives. The Sustainability Committee is also regularly updated with reports on the progress of the Group’s 

sustainability efforts.

COMMUNICATION WITH STAKEHOLDERS

The Group is committed to continually strengthening our relationship with our shareholders and stakeholders. Nico Steel holds 

analyst and media briefings when announcing half-year and year-end results. Full transcripts of the proceedings are made available 

on SGXNet and our website at http://www.nicosteel.com.

Financial results and price-sensitive announcement are releasing in a timely manner through press releases or announcement via 

SGXNet. The Company’s website is also another important source of information for our shareholders and stakeholders.

A detailed report on our governance disclosures can be found on pages 13 to 39 as set out in our AR 2020.

NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



06

CUSTOMER PRIVACY






To better align our efforts with our long-term strategy, we have identified four Focus Areas with relevant material ESG factors using 

our material assessment framework. The material ESG factors, which may have a group-wide impact have also been reviewed 

and approved by our Sustainability Committee and our Board.

OUR FOCUS AREA

COMPLIANCE

ENVIRONMENTAL 

PROTECTION

RESPONSIBLE 

PROCUREMENT

CARE FOR OUR 

EMPLOYEES

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT

The Group place great importance to having open and transparent engagement with our key stakeholders. Stakeholders play an 

important role in ensuring the sustainability of our business and products. We intend to use formal and informal engagement 

methods to interact with various groups of our stakeholders. A summary of how we intend to go about accomplishing this is 

identified and summarised as follows:

OUR STAKEHOLDERS

STAKEHOLDERS’ 

EXPECTATIONS

MODE OF ENGAGEMENT

OUR INITIATIVES AND 

RESPONSES

Customers

• Customer privacy

• Quality control

• On-time delivery and 

services

• Technical support

• Reasonable payment terms

• Competitive pricing

• Customer feedback 

management (survey, 

face-to-face meetings)

• Regular sales calls and 

meetings

• Active follow-up on 

customers’ needs

• Regular internal meetings 

to review on customers’ 

fulfilment and new 

requirements

• Update customers on new 

products and solutions

• Provide timely feedback to 

customers

Employees

• Career growth

• Training opportunities

• Competitive salaries and 

incentives

• A pleasant, non-discriminatory 

and safe working 

environment

• Regular internal 

communications

• Regular review of working 

environment and welfare

• Employee feedback

• Ensure effective 

implementation of HR 

policies

• Regular internal meetings to 

review on safety

• Annual review on 

performance

Shareholders &amp; 

Investors

• Higher financial returns

• Industry conditions

• Market presence

• Profitability

• Transparency &amp; corporate 

governance

• Announcements on SGXNet

• Annual General Meeting

• Investor roadshows

• Analyst meetings

• Electronic communications 

through investor relations

• Annual reports

• Regular and timely updates 

via announcements and 

press releases as and when 

required

• Ensure sustainable business 

growth

Government &amp; 

Regulators

• Regulatory compliance

• Occupational health &amp; 

safety

• Environmental issues

• Social issues

• Meetings

• Electronic communications

• Ensure compliance with 

applicable laws

• Meetings with relevant 

authorities on regular basis

NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



07

FOCUS AREAS






As part of the GRI Standards disclosures, Nico Steel has adopted the recommended approach of the four reporting principles 

namely stakeholder inclusiveness, sustainability context, its materiality and completeness when determining material, strategic 

and reporting issues.

The table below shows the most relevant concerns for Nico Steel that were identified in the internal materiality analysis. As we 

plan to also engage other groups of stakeholders to better understand their materiality concerns, this list of material topics may 

in the future include other issues which we have not previously considered.

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS 

AND REGULATIONS

ENVIRONMENTAL 

PROTECTION

RESPONSIBLE 

PROCUREMENT

CARE FOR 

OUR EMPLOYEES

Socioeconomic compliance 

(GRI 419-1)

Waste Management 

(GRI 306-2)

Supplier Management 

(GRI 414-1)

Employment 

(GRI 401-1)

Environmental compliance 

(GRI 307-1)

Water recycled 

(GRI 303-3)

Occupational Health and Safety 

(GRI 403-2)

COMMITMENT AND DISCLOSURE OF KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS (“KPIs”)

All data in the SR was extracted internally from our kept documents and/or records to ensure accuracy. While the SR does not 

specifically evaluate performance against established targets, the Group is committed to setting targets and goals for future 

reporting.

Where any data is inadequate or not available for presentation, we have included an explanatory note. The Group hopes to 

establish and implement data tracking and gathering mechanisms for improved reporting going forward.

The following baselines were put in place to commit to certain targets using key performance indicators.

PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

COMMITMENT (TARGET)

KPIs

Economic Performance

Grow profits and improve cash flow

• Revenue

• Operating costs

• Profit after tax

• Sustainable Dividend

Water Conservation

Maintain and ideally reduce water 

consumption and encourage use of 

treated/recycled water

Water consumption

Waste Management

Ideally encourage more use of recycled 

materials

Recycling rate of waste

Occupational Health &amp; Safety

Provide a safe and healthy work 

environment. Reduce the injury rate and 

lost day rate year on year

• Work-related fatalities

• Injury rate

• Lost day rate

• Absentee rate

Employee

Improve employees’ competencies

• Programs implemented

• Training hours per staff

• Amount spent per employee

Customer Health &amp; Safety

Ensure legal compliance in all areas of 

operations and be ethical in business 

conduct and practices

Non-compliance incidents with regulations 

and/or voluntary codes

Socioeconomic Compliance

No incidents of non-compliance, and 

uphold high standards of ethical business 

conduct and practices

Significant fines and non-monetary 

sanctions for non-compliance with laws 

and/or regulations

NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



08

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT FRAMEWORK






ECONOMIC

FY2019

FY2020

Revenue (US$’000)

15,094

14,009

Profit/(Loss) After Tax (US$’000)

328

(1,359)

Earnings/(Loss) per Share on a Fully Diluted Basis (US cents)

0.01

(0.03)

Net Asset Value per Share (US cents)

0.4

0.3

Dividend Paid

Nil

Nil

For full information on our economic performance, please refer to pages 40 to 100 of our financial statements in AR 2020.

ENVIRONMENTAL

FY2019

FY2020

Water consumption (m3)

41,330

38,029

Water recycled (m3)

Negligible

Negligible

Non-hazardous waste (tonnes)

18.8

19.1

Non-Compliance with environmental

Nil

Nil

EMPLOYEES

FY2019

FY2020

Number of employees

109

109

Full time employees

109

109

Male employees

62

61

Female employees

47

48

Fatal accidents

Nil

Nil

Average training time per employee (hour)

1.64

0.83

WATER

The Group consumes large volumes of water in its manufacturing processes. The Group only draws water from public utilities 

for our business operations. In FY2020, our total water consumption was 38,029 m3 which was a decrease of 8.0% from FY2019. 

The decrease was in tandem with the lower production and revenue in FY2020.

 

282

37,429

318

300

40,368

662

0 

5,000 

10,000 

15,000 

20,000 

25,000 

30,000 

35,000 

40,000 

45,000 

Singapore 

China 

Thailand 

Total Water Used (m3)

2019 

2020 

NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



09

SNAPSHOT FOR FY2020






WATER RECYCLING AND DISCHARGE

Water used as part of our production process is principally discharged via public sewage systems in the countries in which we 

operate. Currently we recycle a small amount of our water consumption. Almost all waste water are discharged through a defined 

discharge point into the local sewer.

Since 31 January 2019, our operation in electroplating production facilities in China had started using customised in-house 

wastewater treatment and water recycling systems to increase cost savings from the fee charged on per tonne of wastewater 

discharge. Using this method, it is expected that the average wastewater discharge will reduce from 11 tonnes to 8 tonnes for 

every tonne of metal alloy produced.

This reduction has led to a cost savings from the regulated fee charged for every tonne of wastewater discharged from the 

electroplating production facility since November 2019. When compared with actual usage of 1,889 metric tonnes up to December 

2019, the water usage had reduced by 23% which was within the estimated range of 20% to 40% of cost savings as disclosed 

earlier.

However due to the onset of Covid-19 since December 2019 and the start of Chinese New Year period in January 2020, the tracking 

of water savings would not be meaningful due to the lockdown measures and the decline in global business demand. Once the 

Covid-19 pandemic eases, and global business has resumed normalcy, the tracking of savings will resume.

In China, there are heavy monetary fines for any unlawful discharge into the public sewage system. So far, in FY2020 there was 

no incident of our facilities being fined for unlawful discharge of wastewater. The Group is reviewing recycling initiatives and 

may be adding more water recycling equipment’s to recycle our wastewater.



Our China’s electroplating plant

NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



10



SNAPSHOT FOR FY2020






The waste generated at our manufacturing plants includes scrap metal besides wastewater used during the production and 

electroplating processes. All waste is disposed using waste contractors hired by our respective manufacturing plants in accordance 

with the prevailing laws, and disposed of through approved recycling centres, landfills or incineration plants. In the case of scrap 

metal, our waste is recycled by specialist contractors.

In FY2020, approximately 10 tonnes of non-hazardous waste was generated by our subsidiaries in China which were recycled 

or reused, including waste paper core and waste film. In total, the Group had produced 19.1 tonnes of non-hazardous waste in 

FY2020.

By Region

Singapore

China

Thailand

Group

Disposal Method

Weight (kg)

Weight (kg)

Weight (kg)

Weight (kg)

Hazardous

Non-

hazardous

Hazardous

Non-

hazardous

Hazardous

Non-

hazardous

Hazardous

Non-

hazardous

Reuse

–

–

–

10,000

–

–

–

12,000

Recycling

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

On-site storage

–

1,200

–

2,000

–

5,851

–

7,051

Totals

–

1,200

–

12,000

–

5,851

–

19,051

NON-COMPLIANCE WITH ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS AND/OR REGULATIONS

During FY2020, there was no significant non-compliance with environmental laws and/or regulations in the countries where 

Nico Steel operates.

DIVERSITY AND EQUALITY

Nico Steel is an equal opportunity and merit-based employer and does not tolerate discrimination based on any form of social 

or racial prejudice. There were no incidents of discrimination reported in FY2020. The Group has a total of 109 employees, 44% 

of whom are female and 56% are male.

The Group complies with all labour laws in the regions in which we operate and has a zero tolerance of the use of child labour 

or forced labour practice, whether at our premise or by our suppliers.

NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



11

WASTE AND EFFLUENT






TRAINING AND EDUCATION

The Group recognises that our employees are key stakeholders and that their knowledge and skills are critical in achieving overall 

success. We also believe that staff retention and productivity can both be improved through the personal development of our 

workforce.

The Group provides structured training to equip our employees with the skills and knowledge required within the business and 

makes use of both in-house and external training. All employees of the Group receive regular feedback on their performance 

and development through appraisal.

We are continuously seeking to develop and improve our training and employee development. In FY2020, the Group had spent 

an average of 0.83 hours to train our employees compared to 1.64 hours in FY2019. The main reason for the decrease was the 

subsequent lockdown and disruption to business due to the Covid-19 pandemic starting in December 2019.

 

 

7 

1 

3 

30 

4 

6 

7 

3 

0% 

20% 

40% 

60% 

80% 

100% 

Singapore 

China 

Thailand 

No. of Male Employees 

(Age Breakdown) 

Under 30 

30 to 50 

Over 50 

1 

4 

3 

1 

30 

1 

3 

4 

1 

0% 

20% 

40% 

60% 

80% 

100% 

Singapore 

China 

Thailand 

No. of Female Employees 

(Age Breakdown) 

Under 30 

30 to 50 

Over 50 

NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



12



WASTE AND EFFLUENT






The Group offers a range of benefits to its employees, which varies by region and includes some or all of the following – parental 

leave, life insurance, healthcare, and pension provision. All our employees receive their regular appraisal. The various entities 

within the Group also hold events such as team building exercises, outings and staff dinners.

Moving on, we intend to deepen our engagement with our employees, and will also be monitoring and reporting on our staff 

turnover, with the aim of improving our employee engagement and reducing staff turnover.



Our China office’s Annual Dinner in 2019



Our China office’s organized outward bound

NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



13

EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT AND TURNOVER






HEALTH AND SAFETY

The Group is committed to providing a safe working environment for its employees and also to providing products which are safe 

for its customers to use. Across the Group, we have obtained ISO 9001:2015 certifications for our China, Thailand and Singapore 

operational subsidiaries.

Each of the Group’s facilities complies fully with all local occupational health and safety (OSH) regulations and there were no 

breaches identified in FY2020. There were no fatalities or serious work-related injuries, and neither were there any incidents of 

work-related diseases. Going forward, the Group aims to provide OSH data including injury rates, occupational disease rates, lost 

day rates and absentee rates.

In product design, manufacturing and material procurement processes, safety is paramount. Nico Steel is not aware of any 

non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes, nor has it been made aware of any safety issues arising out of the use 

of our products.



Our Thailand’s manufacturing plant

During the lockdowns in China and Singapore, the Group continued to operate its business in accordance with the directives 

of the respective governments and authorities where it has operations. Its utmost priority is to ensure the health and safety of 

employees, and maintaining their livelihoods.

The Group has put in place precautionary measures to prevent the transmission of the Covid-19 virus at all its premises in China, 

Thailand, and Singapore, to safeguard its employees, business partners, and the community.

These measures include ensuring safe entry, taking of temperature, wearing masks, regularly disinfecting workstations, 

safe-distancing, and alternative meal-time arrangements. In addition, the Group also provides masks, hand sanitisers, regular 

reminders and guidance to its employees to ensure and achieve a safer and healthier work environment.

SOCIOECONOMIC

The Group takes seriously its obligations to comply with the legislation and standards in the regions in which it operates. In 

FY2020, no reportable incidents of significant fines due to non-compliance with existing labour laws and/or regulations across 

the Group was made known.

The Group would like to minimise our impact on our environment where we operate. Our facilities draw workforces from the 

local communities where they are based.

NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



14



EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT AND TURNOVER






INDIRECT ECONOMIC IMPACTS

The Group’s operations contributed to the economies of the countries in which it operates. The Group has created employment, 

up-skilled local workforces through training and on-the-job experience, and contributed to tax revenues.

SUPPLY CHAIN AND PROCUREMENT POLICY

The Group recognises the crucial role that its suppliers play in the overall operation and success of the business. We are dependent 

on our suppliers and it is in the Group’s interest for our suppliers to be successful, whilst supplying quality components at 

acceptable price points.

Whilst the Group has not formulated or implemented a policy on the sustainable practices of our suppliers, we do conduct 

formal assessments on many of our existing key suppliers and also on new suppliers. These assessments cover some ESG aspects, 

including the use of child labour.

The lockdowns in China and subsequently in other countries have led to disruptions in supply chains. This inevitably affected 

the inventory management of raw materials and finished products, particularly in relation to cancellation and/or delays of orders.

The Group has been monitoring the situation closely and continues to fulfill contractual obligations with its suppliers and 

customers, adapting and responding to the present challenges with the objective of coming out stronger from this pandemic.

LOCAL SUPPLIERS

The Group strives to keep it supply chains short and local. However, many of the components used in the Group’s products, notably 

steel plates, are sourced from large multi-national corporations, and so it is not always possible to source locally. Furthermore, 

the need to remain competitive may lead to the sourcing of components from the most cost-effective suppliers, which may be 

located off-shore.

ACCOLADES

On 5 August 2019, the Company had received the approval for its patent on the 

electroplating process of aluminium alloy with copper for a period of 20 years starting 

June 2019, from the National Intellectual Property Administration in the People’s 

Republic of China.

The patented process is being used to produce one of the Group’s key proprietary 

alloy products known as NICO-CCU. The aluminium alloy used for this aluminium-

copper alloy product has the flexibility to use another of the Group’s key proprietary 

aluminium alloy product – NICO AL50 – as a base material.

The aluminium-copper alloy (NICO-CCU) is currently used for:

(i) 

thermal application and

(ii) 

antenna application – to manage heat and surface electrical conductivity of 

laptops and tablets.



NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



15

COMMUNITY






GRI

Standards

Disclosures

Page Number(s) and/or URL or 

Reason for Omission

1. Organizational profile

102-1

Name of the organisation

AR 2020 and SR

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

3, SR

102-3

Location of headquarters

Singapore

102-4

Location of operations

2, SR

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Public Listed Company (Limited by 

Share Capital)

102-6

Markets served

4 – 5, AR 2020

102-7

Scale of the organisation

AR 2020

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

9, SR

102-9

Supply chain

15, SR

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain

15, SR

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

5, SR

27 – 29 AR 2020

102-12

External initiatives

4 – 15, SR

102-13

Membership of associations

4, SR

2. Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

4, SR

3. Ethics and integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour

3, SR

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics

5, SR

4. Governance

102-18

Governance structure

5 – 6, SR

13 – 39, AR 2020

5. Stakeholder engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

7, SR

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Not applicable. No collective 

bargaining agreements.

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

7 – 8, SR

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

7, SR

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

7, SR

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

74 – 76, AR 2020

102-46

Defining report content and topic Boundaries

4, SR

102-47

List of material topics

8, SR

102-48

Restatements of information

Not applicable.

102-49

Changes in reporting

Not applicable.

NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



16

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX






GRI

Standards

Disclosures

Page Number(s) and/or URL or 

Reason for Omission

5. Stakeholder engagement

102-50

Reporting period

1 March 2019 to 29 February 2020

102-51

Date of most recent report

FY 2020

102-52

Disclosure Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

4, SR

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

This report has been prepared in 

accordance with the GRI Standards: 

Core option

102-55

GRI content index

16 – 18, SR

102-56

External assurance

Not applicable. This is the third year of 

reporting.

103-1

Explanation of Material Topic and its Boundary

7 – 8, SR

103-2

The management approach and its components

8 – 15, SR

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

8 – 15, SR

Economic Presence

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

9, SR

Indirect Economic Impact

203-1

Infrastructure investments and services supported

15, SR

Anti-Corruption

205-2

Communication and training on anti-corruption policies and 

procedures

5, SR

205-3

Incidents and action taken

5, SR

Water

303-1

Total water consumption

9, SR

303-3

Water recycled and reused

10, SR

Effluents and Waste

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

11, SR

Employment

401-1

New employee hires and employee turnover

11 – 12, SR

Occupational/Health and Safety

403-1

Staff represented in OHS committee

14, SR

403-2

Occupational injury

14, SR

Training/Education

404-1

Average hours of training

12, SR

404-3

Performance and career development reviews

12 – 13, SR

NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



17



GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX






GRI

Standards

Disclosures

Page Number(s) and/or URL or 

Reason for Omission

5. Stakeholder engagement

Diversity and Equal Opportunities

405-1

Diversity

11, SR

Supplier Social Assessment

414-1

New suppliers that were screened using social criteria

15, SR

Public Policy

415-1

Political contributions

5, SR

Customer Health and Safety

416-1

Health and safety impacts assessment of products and services

14, SR

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance

14, SR

Customer Privacy

418-1

Customer privacy and losses of customer data

6, SR

Socioeconomic Compliance

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and 

economic area

14, SR

NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



18



GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX























Nico Steel Holdings Limited

尼尔金属控股有限公司

51 Loyang Way,

Singapore 508744

Tel: (65) 6542 1886

Fax: (65) 6542 1986

corporateaffairs@nico.com.sg

www.nicosteel.com











