




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018


NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018                                                           

PAGE | 2



CONTENTS

Corporate Profile

Corporate Values – Nico Steel’s DRIVE

Board Statement

About the Report

Sustainability Governance

Our Stakeholders

Our Material Topics
















NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018                                                           

PAGE | 3



CORPORATE PROFILE

Nico Steel Holdings Limited 尼尔金属控股有限公司 (“Nico Steel” and together with

its subsidiaries, the “Group”), is a specialist in ferrous and non-ferrous metal alloys

with a focus on customising technologically innovative metal materials under its

proprietary “Nico” brand.

The Group’s proprietary patented production technology allows it to customise

metallurgical solutions to meet the evolving requirements of its broad base of

customers, particularly in the mobile communications, consumer electronics,

industrial and automotive sectors.

Well-established in the upstream metal materials industry, the Group drives growth

through (i) providing customised solutions as value-added services to component and

contract manufacturers to meet their metal fabrication requirements, and (ii)

cultivating demand from brand owners and leaders of mobile communications,

consumer electronics, industrial and automotive sectors for its proprietary “Nico”

brand of specialised metal alloy materials that will meet the evolving and stringent

requirements of new digital devices.

Headquartered in Singapore, the Group owns and operates processing and production

facilities in Suzhou, China, and Thailand, while the production facility in Singapore

acts as its R&amp;D centre.

Nico Steel is listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”)

on 7 April 2005 and was upgraded to the Mainboard on 5 January 2009 under the

stock code 5GF.


NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018                                                           

PAGE | 4



CORPORATE VALUES – NICO STEEL’S DRIVE

Nico Steel’s DRIVE distinguishes Nico Steel and its employees. At Nico Steel, we

embrace and live by these values throughout our organization and also with

our customers and suppliers. We call this ‘Inside-Out Branding’.

Daring Creativity

This involves breaking out of established patterns and

problem-solving in order to look at things from a fresh

perspective.

Regards Change as an Opportunity

Nico Steel is always sensitive to the constant change in the

business environment, locally and globally, to seize

opportunities.

Intense Passion

It is Nico Steel’s belief that we have the ability and means

to deliver our promises from concept to reality.

Visionary Partnership

Nico Steel’s strategy of collaborating with our customers

and

suppliers

is

pivotal

in

achieving

the

desired

performance of end-user electronic devices.

Excellence

The culture of excellence at Nico Steel has instilled pride

and motivation in our employees and is the driving force

behind our innovative spirit.


NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018                                                           

PAGE | 5



BOARD STATEMENT

Started in 1995, Nico Steel has continuously improved its expertise and fortified its

market position. From being a supplier of metal to major hard disk manufacturers, the

Group has, today, transformed to a full-service coil centre with patented technology

producing innovative metal alloys and metal material solutions for electronic devices

manufacturers. As a specialist in ferrous and non-ferrous metal alloys, Nico Steel

focuses on customising technologically innovative metal materials under its

proprietary “Nico” brand. This combined specialised knowledge enables Nico Steel to

customise and provide engineering solutions to meet the stringent specifications of

its global customers.

Headquartered in Singapore, the Group has expanded its manufacturing operations to

China and Thailand with R&amp;D support centres in key countries including the USA,

Canada, Japan, and Taiwan. As speed and innovation are crucial for the fast and

competitive consumer electronics market, our R&amp;D support centres work across

different borders of disciplines to develop new materials and material combinations,

enabling the simplification of processes to allow for electronic devices manufacturers

to push the limits of more function in a smaller space.

With our technical expertise, commitment to excellence and focus on innovation, we

are constantly striving to improve our performance. Through Nico’s innovative metal

materials, we create high-quality solutions for our clients and strengthen their long-

term competitiveness by combining unique material expertise with technology

leadership.

While we continue to grow and pursue new business opportunities, we acknowledge

the need for our stakeholders to be engaged in our sustainable growth strategies and

practices. This is our inaugural Sustainability Report and we look to improve our

disclosures over time. Together with the Board’s leadership, the management is

committed to manage and disclose our environmental, social and governance (“ESG”)

practices and economic performance. As we continue our sustainability journey,

metrics and targets that are material to our business will be progressively added,

providing even more insights in our subsequent reports.


NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018                                                           

PAGE | 6



ABOUT THE REPORT

This is Nico Steel’s inaugural annual sustainability report and is meant for our

employees, business partners, all other stakeholders and the interested public. This

report provides an overview of our responsible business practices and has been

prepared with reference to the guidelines of Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) and

the Listing Rules 711A and 711B of SGX as well as the SGX Sustainability Reporting

Guide.

This report focuses on Nico Steel’s sustainability performance with regards to the

Group’s operations in Singapore, China and Thailand from 1 March 2017 to 28

February 2018.

We intend to expand the scope of our report in the future to also include other

countries where the Group has a presence. Data collection has just started and we are

establishing the baseline for most of the material topics. We intend to monitor and

compare them in the subsequent reports, and with that, identify and set measurable

sustainability targets.

No external assurance was sought for this report.

We welcome stakeholders to provide us with feedback and suggestions on this report.

You may contact us at info@nico.com.sg


NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018                                                           

PAGE | 7



SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE

Nico Steel’s sustainability agenda is developed and directed by the senior

management with guidance from the Board of Directors (the “Board”). Our

sustainability approach is focused on generating stable and sustainable value for our

stakeholders by managing the economic, environmental and social impacts, as well as

risks and opportunities present in our business.

The Group’s Sustainability Committee includes senior management executives, led by

the Executive Chairman and Group Finance Manager. The Sustainability Committee is

responsible for reviewing the company’s sustainability performance, material topics,

stakeholder concerns, setting of targets and goals for material topics, and establishing

systems to collect, verify, monitor and report information required for this

sustainability report.

The Sustainability Committee meets at least once a year and proposes, coordinates

and promotes the company’s main sustainability initiatives.

The Board approves the Group’s general policies and strategies, including those

relating to sustainability. It may not delegate this function. It also approves the

sustainability report.

The Sustainability Committee is also regularly updated with reports on the progress

of the Group’s sustainability efforts.

To better align our efforts with our long-term strategy, we have identified four Focus

Areas with relevant material ESG factors, which are detailed in the section – Our

Material Topics. The material ESG factors, which may have a group-wide impact have

been reviewed and approved by our Sustainability Committee and our Board.

Our Focus Areas

COMPLIANCE

ENVIRONMENTAL

PROTECTION

RESPONSIBLE

PROCUREMENT

CARE FOR OUR

EMPLOYEES


NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018                                                           

PAGE | 8



OUR STAKEHOLDERS

We use formal and informal engagement methods to interact with various groups of

stakeholders as identified below. We plan to engage the various stakeholder groups in

identification of material topics for our subsequent sustainability reports.

OUR

STAKEHOLDERS

STAKEHOLDERS’ 

EXPECTATIONS

MODE OF ENGAGEMENT

OUR INITIATIVES AND

RESPONSES

Customers



Customer privacy



Quality control



On-time delivery 

and services



Technical support



Reasonable 

payment terms



Competitive pricing

-

Customer feedback 

management

(survey, face-to-face 

meetings)

-

Regular sales calls 

and meetings 

➢ Active follow-up on 

customers’ needs 

➢ Regular internal 

meetings to review on 

customers’ fulfilment 

and new requirements

➢ Update customers on 

new products and 

solutions 

➢ Provide timely feedback 

to customers 

Employees



Career growth



Training 

opportunities



Competitive salaries 

and incentives



A pleasant and safe 

working 

environment

-

Regular internal 

communications 

-

Regular review of 

working 

environment and 

welfare

-

Employee feedback 

➢ Ensure effective 

implementation of HR 

policies

➢ Regular internal 

meetings to review on 

safety

➢ Annual review on 

performance 

Shareholders &amp; 

Investors



Higher financial 

returns



Industry conditions



Market presence



Profitability



Transparency &amp; 

corporate 

governance 

-

Announcements on 

SGX

-

Annual General 

Meeting

-

Investor roadshows

-

Analyst meetings

-

Electronic 

communications 

through investor 

relations

-

Annual reports

➢ Regular and timely 

updates via 

announcements and 

press releases as and 

when required

➢ Ensure sustainable 

business growth  

Government &amp; 

Regulators



Regulatory 

compliance



Occupational health 

&amp; safety 



Environmental 

issues



Social issues 

-

Meetings

-

Electronic 

communications

➢ Ensure compliance with 

applicable laws 

➢ Meetings with relevant 

authorities on regular 

basis 


NICO STEEL HOLDINGS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018                                                           

PAGE | 9



OUR MATERIAL TOPICS

This year was the first time Nico Steel conducted a materiality analysis with

internal stakeholders to identify the social, environmental and governance

issues that were most relevant. This process helps to define the contents of the

report and the general sustainability agenda. This systematic analysis process

took into consideration:

•

Analysis of regulatory frameworks in the countries where we operate

•

Materiality analysis of other similar companies in this industry

•

Analysis of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals

•

Reporting frameworks (GRI Standards)

The table below shows the most relevant concerns for Nico Steel that were

identified in the internal materiality analysis. Given that this is our inaugural

report, we have just embarked on data collection for these material topics and

would be sharing more information on performance and targets in our

subsequent reports.

As we plan to also engage our other groups of stakeholders to better

understand their materiality concerns, this list of material topics may in the

future reflect other issues which we have not previously considered.

COMPLIANCE WITH

LAWS AND

REGULATIONS

ENVIRONMENTAL

PROTECTION

RESPONSIBLE

PROCUREMENT

CARE FOR OUR

EMPLOYEES

Socioeconomic 

compliance 

(GRI 419-1)

Environmental 

compliance 

(GRI 307-1)

Waste management 

(GRI 306-2)

Water recycled

(GRI 303-3)

Supplier 

Management 

(GRI 414-1)

Employment 

(GRI 401-1)

Occupational 

Health and Safety 

(GRI 403-2)




(Incorporated in Singapore with UEN 200104166D) 

Address : No. 51 Loyang Way, Singapore 508744

Main       :  (65) 6542 1886

Fax          :  (65) 6542 1986

Website: www.nicosteel.com

Email     : info@nico.com.sg



