




OUR PEOPLE

ENVIRONMENT

BUSINESS 

INTEGRITY

RESPONSIBLE 

SUPPLY CHAIN

SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 2018


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

1

2 

A messAge from our Ceo 

3 

About Noble group

4 

boArd stAtemeNt

4 

About this report

5 

uNderstANdiNg  

 

our respoNsibility

6 

our mAteriAl topiCs

8 

tArgets ANd performANCe  

 

 

highlights

9 

ideNtifyiNg opportuNities  

 

to AdvANCe sustAiNAble 

 

developmeNt goAls

11 

our people

12 

Maintaining motivation

12 

Building a balanced team

14 

A safe and healthy workplace 

14 

Community outreach

17 

busiNess iNtegrity

18 

Roles and governance

18 

Risk governance and internal audits

19 

Precautionary measures to  

 

prevent corruption

20 

Ongoing training and communication

21 

eNviroNmeNt

22 

Energy and emissions

24 

Pollution prevention and mitigation

24 

Towards sustainable palm oil

26 

respoNsible supply ChAiN

27 

Community and growth

27 

Social and environmental risk 

 

management	in	project	finance

28 

Due diligence for minerals  

 

supply chains

31 

gri CoNteNt iNdex

36 

erNst &amp; youNg’s AssurANCe  

 

stAtemeNt

HEAD OFFICE

| 102-3, 102-53 |

Noble Group Limited

11th Floor, 33 Cavendish Square

London W1G 0PW, United Kingdom

For enquiries and feedbacks

Investor Relations:  

nobleinvestorrelations@thisisnoble.com

you can find more information about  

our corporate responsibility work at  

http://thisisnoble.com/responsibility.html


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

2

A messAge from our Ceo

| 102-14, 102-12, 102-13 |

Dear Stakeholders,

During 2017, with a view to enabling us to 

return to growth, we undertook the very 

complex	task	of	repositioning	the	firm	

to focus on its key Asian activities, while 

rationalising our cost base and raising 

liquidity. We are building the foundations for 

future success and have initiated, what we 

believe	to	be,	an	appropriate	and	fair	financial	

re-structuring proposal.

Meeting these challenges has been very 

demanding for all involved, especially for 

the	people	at	the	firm,	but	the	resilience	

and resolve of our colleagues has been 

exceptional. Despite these challenges, we have 

continued to ensure that our entrepreneurial 

culture is not an obstacle to maintaining the 

highest standards of integrity, ensuring that 

sustainability remains embedded into our 

core businesses. 

We are mindful that Environmental, 

Social and Governance (ESG) factors, or 

sustainability criteria, are increasingly used 

as inputs in the investment decisions of 

professionally managed assets. We work 

relentlessly to bring these commitments to 

life, ensuring that we create value for all our 

stakeholders, while we also seek, and value, 

constructive feedback. 

Since 2010 we have been a signatory  

to the UN Global Compact, and we 

again	reaffirm	our	commitment	to	its	 

10 principles on human rights, labour 

standards, environmental protection and 

anti-corruption, principles that remain at  

the core of Noble’s approach to how we 

conduct business. As an example, in 2017  

we implemented a Group level health and 

safety policy to consolidate information on  

a quarterly basis, re-inforcing our emphasis 

on safety. 

We work towards the United Nations 

Sustainable Development Goals for 2030 

through outreach and through environmental 

and supply chain initiatives. We support 

efforts to reduce the environmental and 

climate change impact of coal as an affordable 

and	reliable	fuel	source	by	supporting	flows	

of low ash, low sulphur coal from Australia, 

which	burns	more	cleanly	and	efficiently.	

Our efforts also help address regional 

inequality and inequality between nations 

are also facilitated by our status as a physical 

commodity	trader	originating	trade	flows	

from developing countries.

We remain committed to building on the 

ten UN Global Compact pillars in the coming 

years, and to contributing to the Sustainable 

Development Goals.

William James Randall

Chief	Executive	Officer	

and Executive Director

May 31, 2018






SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

3

About Noble group

| 102-1, 102-2, 102-4, 102-5, 102-6, 102-7, 102-9 |

Noble Group (SGX: CGP) is a supply chain 

manager focused on purchasing physical 

commodities and transforming these into 

customised products for our customers. 

Our business consists of logistics and 

transportation, price risk management 

and hedging, commodity processing and 

blending, as well as structured and trade 

finance	products.

Our business is oriented towards 

partnering with, rather than competing 

against, producer customers and with 

investors looking to invest in producing 

assets. We provide best-in-class execution as 

we aim to be the best company in the world at 

moving physical commodities from producers 

to consumers. Comprehensive due diligence 

ensures that our trading activities are fully 

compliant with all applicable economic 

sanctions laws.

Noble Group’s key assets are its extensive 

business relationships with customers and 

clients, mid-stream supply chain resources, 

and our people, whose mission is to provide 

our customers and clients with value-added 

services. 

Our objective is to deliver value for 

shareholders, partners, customers and 

our people over the long term, based on 

developing sustainable global franchises and 

business relationships.

ASIAn rEgIOnAl trADE FlOwS

Domestic traDing Hub

HeaD oFFice

EnErgY COAl

lng

FrEIgHt

MEtAlS

CArBOn StEEl MAtErIAlS


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

4

This sustainability report serves multiple 

communication functions. It enhances our 

internal efforts towards transparency and 

disclosure and supports communication 

with many of our external stakeholders. 

This includes many of our shareholders 

and banks that have aligned themselves 

with the Principles for Responsible 

Investment and the Equator Principles 

and seek to understand the ways in which 

Noble addresses environmental, social, and 

governance matters. 

The report also serves as our annual 

Communication On Progress (COP). Noble 

continues to support the 10 principles of 

the United Nations Global Compact as an 

important part of its business strategy and 

About this report

culture of integrity. Each principle is marked 

in the beginning of its reporting section.

Performance data is accompanied 

by a brief description of our policies and 

management systems, as well as our activities 

and their impact on our day-to-day business. 

Minority investments and associated 

companies that are not consolidated in the 

Group’s	financial	statements	are	excluded	

from the statistical summaries provided in 

this report. The Group has limited control 

over these operations. However, these 

relationships are covered in our broader 

responsibility programmes, through product 

stewardship processes, pre-investment due 

diligence and supplier policies and standards.

This sustainability report provides an annual 

update on important ESG topics within 

the Group’s global operations and majority 

owned subsidiaries for the calendar year 

ending 31 December 2017. The Board of 

Directors acknowledged the alignment of the 

prioritised topics with our strategic objectives 

and approved the content presented in this 

report.

This report has been prepared in 

accordance with the Global Reporting 

boArd stAtemeNt

| 102-46, 102-50, 102-52 |

Initiative (GRI) Standards: Core option.  

The report was submitted to the GRI 

Materiality	Disclosures	Service	which	verified	

that the General Disclosures GRI 102-40 to  

GRI 102-49 from the GRI Standards are 

correctly located in both the GRI Content 

Index and the text in this report. Importantly, 

this report complies with the Rules 711A and 

711B of the Main Board Rules of the SGX-ST 

Listing Manual, and its 2016 Sustainability 

Reporting Guide. 

fiNANCiAl highlights 

| 201-1 | 

fy 2017 (us$ million)

revenue

employee  

benefits  

expenses

180.6

Adjusted loss  

from continuing 

operations

601.1

tonnage 

Corporate  

taxes

6,241.5 

11.9

77.8

mil  

tonnes


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

5

We seek to provide reliable information on 

sustainability to our intended readers and 

use an external assurance process to support 

our efforts. Internally, these reviews have 

assisted us to improve the robustness and 

completeness of our reporting practices.

The Board requested the Group’s external 

auditor to review the annual sustainability 

report. Hence, Ernst &amp; Young has provided 

independent assurance on our sustainability 

data and disclosure for this report, which has 

been compiled in accordance with the “Core 

Responding to the concerns and expectations 

of our key stakeholders is a strategic focus 

for our business. Throughout our supply 

chain operations, we maintain a constructive 

dialogue with our stakeholders across a 

spectrum of topics to improve decision 

making and the accountability of our 

partnerships. 

We endeavour to grow our business, 

and at the same time, drive economic and 

social progress by moving essential materials 

to where they are needed, whilst managing 

the complexity of the process. It is our 

responsibility to create long-term value for 

shareholders, which cannot be achieved 

without balancing the myriad interests of 

our customers, banks, employees and the 

communities we impact.

SHArEHOlDErS invest in Noble’s business 

model, commodity market insights and 

robust governance and risk management 

systems. The Board welcomes the views 

of shareholders on matters affecting the 

Company, either at shareholders' meetings, 

or on an ad hoc basis. Queries may be raised 

with the Director, Corporate Affairs via 

the Company’s website. There are regular 

exterNAl AssurANCe

| 102-54, 102-56 |

uNderstANdiNg  

our respoNsibility

| 102-40, 102-42, 102-43, 102-44 |

Option” of the GRI Sustainability Reporting 

Standards. A copy of Ernst &amp; Young’s 

assurance statement is on page 36. 

The focus on reporting the most relevant 

matters has led us to identify and prioritise 

topics that are core to our business and key 

stakeholders. 

In addition, the company’s greenhouse 

gas	emissions	figures	for	year	2017	were	

independently	verified	by	TÜV	Nord	

according to the ISO 14064 standard.

meetings with investors, fund managers and 

analysts, and quarterly conference calls which 

are entirely open to anyone who wishes to use 

the publicised toll free numbers.

Relevant topics in 2017: business 

repositioning, debt restructuring plan

BAnKS	benefit	from	our	sound	compliance	

standards and risk management systems 

when providing services to us. Banks enable 

Noble	to	secure	stable	and	flexible	financing	

directly and through syndicated prepayment 

facilities,	co-financing	and	project	finance.	

Our extensive relationships with banks 

in different markets allow us to maintain 

adequate liquidity in challenging periods and 

to invest in new opportunities as they arise. 

Relevant topics in 2017: debt restructuring 

plan, credit rating, management practice of 

our palm oil plantations. 

CUStOMErS AnD SUPPlIErS partner with 

Noble because of our understanding of their 

requirements and needs. Supported by our 

customer-focused culture and global supply 

networks, we engage with our customers 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

6

| 102-40, 102-42, 102-43, 102-44 |

on a daily basis. The formation of strategic 

marketing agreements between Noble and 

joint venture partners delivers competitive 

advantages.	Ensuring	a	smooth	flow	of	

products and capability to deliver a diverse 

range of products is vital to the goal of 

building long-term relationships across our 

global customer and supplier bases.  

Relevant topics in 2017: business 

repositioning, credit rating, environmental 

and social performance of our asset 

operations 

gOVErnMEntS AnD rEgUlAtOrS set 

the legislative frameworks and statutory 

requirements for our sector, covering 

market	access,	product	flows,	labour	and	

environmental standards, property rights 

and taxation. Our governance structure 

and Board procedures ensure appropriate 

supervision and control over these processes. 

Where possible, our business activities aim to 

build greater recognition and goodwill with 

governments.

Relevant topics in 2017:  debt restructuring 

plan, financial disclosure, share price 

movement, governance framework, 

environmental and social performance of 

our asset operations 

EMPlOYEES share our values in recognising 

entrepreneurialism	and	the	benefits	of	high	

performance teamwork. Town hall meetings, 

emails and employee surveys ensure good 

information	flows	within	Noble.	Our	focus	

is on improving staff development and 

performance as well as providing a safe 

and healthy workplace. These drive our 

aspirations to attract and retain the best.  

Relevant topics in 2017: business 

repositioning, career prospects, health and 

safety performance

lOCAl COMMUnItIES are impacted by 

our operations. Dedicated personnel lead 

relationship and engagement programmes 

in	our	key	locations	to	serve	and	benefit	the	

communities. To minimise our environmental 

footprint, our operations follow international 

standards in environmental management. 

We regularly meet with our communities 

via formal and informal consultation to 

understand their interests and concerns, and 

safeguard our corporate reputation. Close 

interaction with the communities in which we 

operate continues to shape our programmes 

addressing the key challenges of poverty and 

underdevelopment.

Relevant topics in 2017: business 

repositioning, environmental and social 

impacts of our asset operations, community 

investment

Our approach to responsible business 

reflects	our	desire	to	focus	resources	on	those	

areas	that	will	have	the	most	significant	

sustainability impact. Health and safety, 

workplace wellbeing, environmental impact, 

and compliance are examples of topics that 

are relevant to both the business decisions 

and our corporate responsibility efforts. 

We undertake periodic materiality 

assessments to identify pertinent topics 

and consider their relevance to the 

our mAteriAl topiCs

| 102-46, 102-47 |

changing context of our business and key 

stakeholders. The Group’s CSR Advisory 

Committee, comprising senior executives 

from key functions in major locations, 

leads the engagement processes. We 

adopt internationally recognised reporting 

frameworks (GRI Sustainability Reporting 

Standards and UN Global Compact) in setting 

the boundaries for reporting, and to guide 

our thinking on business and stakeholder 

relations.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

7

| 102-46, 102-47 |

Our current material topics were mapped in 

2016, using input from internal and external 

stakeholders, including media coverage of 

our peers and the commodity sector more 

broadly. The CSR function developed surveys 

to obtain feedback from Noble's senior 

functional managers, key customers, analysts 

and investors on the relative importance of 

different sustainability topics.

This report reviews material non-

financial	topics,	with	disclosure	on	overall	

management approach and relevant 

performance indicators. The surveys 

were broader and included economic 

and	operational	topics,	such	as	financial	

performance, brand management, and 

customer satisfaction. 

We communicate on these in Noble 

Group’s annual report and quarterly 

announcements. Corporate governance and 

risk management are covered in both the 

annual report and this report.

The materiality matrix shows the 

relative	priority	of	the	14	non-financial	

topics that were a priority for our internal 

and external stakeholders. The topics relate 

to four focus areas – our people, business 

integrity, environment and responsible 

supply chain. To assist users of this report, 

we have provided a mapping of our material 

sustainability topics to the GRI Standards 

terminology and framework.

Ernst and Young benchmarked the key 

issues raised in external media reports, the 

sustainability reports of Noble’s peers and 

dialogue with Noble’s stakeholder, as a part of 

the limited assurance procedures. The results 

corroborated our disclosure on material 

topics and performance indicators.

OUr MAtErIAlItY MAtrIx

impACt oN busiNess suCCess

importANCe to stAkeholders

 our people

 business integrity

 environment

 reponsible supply Chain

occupational health and safety

diversity and equal opportunities

greenhouse gas emissions  

and energy

employee training and development

pollution prevention

legal compliance

product quality

Corporate governance

talent attraction

supply chain management

risk management

board leadership

human rights

indigenous rights


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

8

Sustainability is an integral part of Noble 

Group’s business execution and governance 

systems. To track performance against our 

strategy, we began to set measurable targets 

in 2016 with our global business divisions 

and corporate functions. The following 

tArgets ANd performANCe 

highlights

table presents performance against these 

indicators, highlighting our efforts to drive 

continuous improvement in managing our 

most material topics. This is in line with 

the SGX’s requirements on sustainability 

reporting.

tArgEtS / KPIS

PErFOrMAnCE In 2017

OUr PEOPlE

•	 Occupational	health	and	safety

•	 Human	rights

•	 Talent	attraction

•	 Employee	training	and	development

•	 Diversity	and	equal	opportunities

•	 Zero	harm	across	our	operations

•	 All	key	offices	and	assets	routinely	report	health		

 

and	safety	metrics

•	 100%	of	employees	paid	at	least	national	minimum		

 

wage	for	their	country	

•	 Percentage	of	new	hires	that	are	recruited	from			

 

their	local	region	

•	 Number	of	positions	that	were	filled	internally 

•	 Percentage	of	staff	voluntary	turnover

•	 Zero	credible	complaints	of	discrimination	reported		

 

in	Noble's	offices	and/or	assets

•	 Zero	fatalities.	During	April	–	December	2017,	lost		

 

time	injury	frequency	rate	and	total	recordable	case		

 

frequency	rate	were	6.59	and	30.49	respectively.

1

•	 The	Group	level	health	and	safety	data	has	been		

 

consolidated	since	April	2017.	

•	 100%	of	employees	paid	at	least	national	minimum		

 

wage	for	their	country	

•	 77%	of	our	new	hires	with	a	known	birth	region			

 

were	local	hires

•	 33	employees	took	the	opportunity	to	move	to	a		

 

different	business	unit	or	job	function

•	 23%	staff	voluntary	turnover	rate

•	 No	credible	complaints	of	discrimination	reported		

 

in	Noble’s	offices	and/or	assets

BUSInESS IntEgrItY

•	 Corporate	governance

•	 Board	leadership

•	 Legal	compliance

•	 Risk	management

•	 More	than	50%	of	the	Board	comprises	independent	 

 

non-executive	directors	

•	 Zero	breaches	or	non-compliance	of	applicable	laws		

 

or	regulatory	requirements	in	Noble’s	operations

•	 More	than	80%	of	employees	attend	compliance		

 

training	annually	

•	 Numbers	of	relevant	business	units		audited		

 

 

internally	

•	 43%	of	our	Board	comprised	independent	non-	 	

 

executive	directors

2

•	 No	breaches	or	non-compliance	of	applicable	laws		

 

or	regulatory	requirements	in	Noble's	operations

•	 About	67%	of	employees	attended	compliance			

 

training

•	 8	audits	were	conducted	across	Noble	Group		

 

 

operations

EnVIrOnMEnt

•	 Pollution	prevention

•	 Greenhouse	gas	emissions	 

 

and	energy

•	 Zero	spills	across	our	marine	fleet	operations	

•	 10%	reduction	of	CO2	emissions	per	product	traded		

 

(MtCO2e/Mt)	between	2013	(base	year)	and	2018			

 

(target	year)

•	 10%	reduction	of	CO2	emissions	due	to	business			

 

travel	per	full-time	employee	between	2015 

 

(base	year)	and	2020	(target	year)	

•	 Zero	spills	across	our	marine	fleet	operations	

•	 The	transition	has	changed	the	business	mix	and		

 

the	carbon	intensity	baseline	in	2013	is	no	longer		

 

comparable	with	the	ongoing	business.	Hence,	this		

 

target	is	no	longer	applicable

•	 There	was	a	2.8%	increase	in	carbon	intensity	from		

 

business	travel

rESPOnSIBlE SUPPlY CHAIn  

•	 Supply	chain	management

•	 Product	quality

•	 Indigenous	rights

•	 100%	of	minerals	traded	from	the	Democratic		 	

 

Republic	of	Congo	and	adjoining	countries	comply	

 

with	the	iTSCi	responsible	production	requirements	

•	 100%	compliance	with	our	customer	requirements		

 

and	our	contractual	commitments	on	bulk		

 

 

commodity	shipment

•	 Zero	formal	complaints	reported	on	any	violations		

 

of	the	rights	of	indigenous	people	

•	 100%	of	minerals	traded	from	the	Democratic		 	

 

Republic	of	Congo	and	adjoining	countries	comply		

 

with	qualified	traceability	program	initiatives

•	 As	a	normal	operating	procedure	we	test	the	quality		

 

of	our	shipped	bulk	commodities	at	load	port,	 

 

in	order	to	ensure	compliance	with	our	contracts

•	 No	formal	complaints	reported	on	any	violations	of		

 

the	rights	of	indigenous	people

1			The	frequency	rates	are	calculated	per	million	exposure	hours

2		By	the	end	of	May	2018,	78%	of	our	Board	comprises	independent	non-executive	directors


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

9

The United Nations Sustainable Development 

Goals (SDGs) are a universal call to end 

poverty, protect the planet, and build peace. 

Countries around the world are given 

guidelines and targets to stimulate actions in 

areas of critical importance for humanity and 

the planet. 

It is our aspiration to play an active role 

in promoting prosperity through trade and 

innovation. Adding to our commitment to the 

United Nations Global Compact, we pursue 

opportunities to address social challenges 

and contribute to the delivery of SDGs that 

are relevant to our activities. This year, our 

sustainability programme aligned to these 

SDG goals where we believe we can make the 

most positive contribution.

EnSUrE InClUSIVE AnD EQUItABlE QUAlItY 

EDUCAtIOn AnD PrOMOtE lIFElOng 

lEArnIng OPPOrtUnItIES FOr All

We promote access to 

quality education through 

sponsoring specialist 

therapies and teacher 

training programmes in 

our countries of operation. Scholarships 

are offered in multiple locations and 

beneficiaries	range	from	primary	school	

pupils to postdoctoral researchers. Here are 

two examples of our work.

In Hong Kong, limited government-

subsidised services on special education 

for autistic children combines with a long 

waiting time. As a result, children from low 

income families who cannot afford private 

treatments and therapies are failing to 

receive necessary training before going to 

mainstream schools. In 2017, we started 

to fund an early intervention support 

programme led by the charity Operation 

Blessing Hong Kong. Through a series of 

cognitive and speech trainings, and parenting 

workshops, we aim to help families with 

autism children to get an equal start of their 

lives.

ideNtifyiNg opportuNities 

to AdvANCe sustAiNAble 

developmeNt goAls

Across India, we have been partnering 

with Room to Read since 2013 to eradicate 

illiteracy and gender inequality in some 

of the most underserved communities. In 

primary schools where educational materials 

and training for teachers are lacking, our 

funds have been used to support children’s 

books publication, assist in curriculum 

development, set up libraries and provide 

teachers with workshops on reading and 

writing instruction. In 2016-2017, six primary 

schools	benefited	from	our	programme	and	

5,900 books were donated to help children 

obtain reading skills and develop the habit of 

reading. 

EnSUrE ACCESS tO AFFOrDABlE, rElIABlE, 

SUStAInABlE AnD MODErn EnErgY FOr All

Energy access is crucial for 

achieving almost all the 

Sustainable Development 

Goals. As a fuel source, coal 

provides an affordable, safe 

and reliable energy supply that has allowed 

the advancement of billions of people out 

from	poverty.	However,	it	has	significant	

environmental consequences and can cause 

air pollution as well as contribute to climate 

change. 

Asian countries are addressing these 

direct impacts through shifting to coals 

with	a	higher	calorific	value	and	lower	

environmental consequences. Our energy 

coal	division	maintains	our	flows	of	top	

quality thermal coal with low ash and low 

sulphur content from Australia, which 

helps mitigate the impact of coal burning 

and	improve	efficiency	in	coal-fired	power	

generation. 

In our Indonesian palm oil plantations, 

we have invested in a processing system to 

turn	the	fibre	and	shell	of	palm	into	useful	

biomass	materials	to	fire	our	boiler	plant	

and replace our dependency on diesel to 

produce steam and power. Also, we have 

recently installed solar panel and battery 






SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

10

sets on the rooftop of a number of worker 

accommodation units to harness this clean 

energy.

rEDUCE InEQUAlItY wItHIn AnD  

AMOng COUntrIES

At Noble, we apply an equal 

employment opportunity 

and non-discrimination 

policy to ensure our staff are 

hired and rewarded based 

on their ability and contribution. Being a 

physical commodity trader, we originate 

trade	flows	from	various	developing	countries	

and endeavour to advance equality through 

infrastructure investment and social renewal 

projects.  

Rural roads play a critical role in 

connecting people to facilities and services. 

In Kalimantan and Papua, Indonesia, we 

support ongoing road development in 

hard to reach villages by providing heavy 

equipment and embankment materials for 

road maintenance. The improved quality of 

the roads allows better connection between 

towns and villages, so helping to widen the 

economic participation of local communities. 

In Jamaica, we have been funding 

a 3-year comprehensive community 

empowerment programme. Facilities upgrade 

and social renewal are priority elements in 

the programme that promote social inclusion 

and improve access to primary social services. 

In 2017, we funded multiple renovations and 

facilities upgrades. More than 20 schools and 

a	local	health	centre	benefitted	over	the	year.	

tAKE UrgEnt ACtIOn tO COMBAt ClIMAtE 

CHAngE AnD ItS IMPACtS

Since 2007, Noble has sought 

to mitigate environmental 

issues in our value chains as 

well as work systematically on 

climate and environmental 

risks	across	our	corporate	offices	and	physical	

operations. 

We initiated the Carbon Neutral Project 

to reduce the Group’s greenhouse gas (GHGs) 

emissions and raise awareness on climate 

change	at	our	global	offices.	In	2017,	we	

achieved	carbon	neutrality	in	all	Noble	offices	

worldwide and printed publications. Since the 

inception of the project, we have offset more 

than 1,257,000 tonnes of carbon emissions.

We set reduction targets across our 

operations, including for energy and key 

material inputs. These targets are aggregated 

at the Group level. Our Group GHG inventory 

has	been	certified	to	the	ISO	14064	standard	

since 2010, as a commitment to consistent 

and transparent communication of our 

climate mitigation actions. 

See the Environment chapter on page 21 

for more details.







In	Hong	Kong,	Noble	supports	a	special	education	programme	for	autistic	children	from	low	income	families.	An	initial	assessment	is	

conducted	to	assess	individual	training	needs	for	each	beneficiary.


11



In	2017,	a	significant	component	of	our	people	and	HR	activities	were	focused	on	Noble’s	

transition	as	we	repositioned	the	company.	We	continued	to	focus	on	reducing	significant	costs,	

including headcount. Throughout, we have continued to keep our core workforce motivated and 

loyal as we worked toward achieving the objectives laid out in our Strategic Review. 

We continue to value diversity at every level of our organisation and respect the rights of 

all our employees. Beyond this we have rooted the wellbeing of our people in our day to day 

activities to assure safe workplaces and enhance a culture of good health. We enable our staff to 

volunteer and give back to the community through our outreach programmes.

our people

Principle 3: businesses should uphold the 

freedom of association and the effective 

recognition of the right to collective 

bargaining;

Principle 4: the elimination of all forms of 

forced and compulsory labour;

Principle 5: the effective abolition of child 

labour; and

Principle 6: the elimination of discrimination 

in respect of employment and occupation.

OUr COMMItMEnt

| 102-16 |

Noble Group is committed to achieving Zero 

Harm across our business.  Zero Harm means 

zero fatalities, accidents and injuries, and 

taking all possible steps to ensure the health, 

safety and welfare of all employees and other 

persons engaged in work for the organisation.

Our Equal Opportunities Policy applies 

to every employee in the Group and commits 

Noble to eliminating discrimination, 

harassment and victimization in the 

workplace. We support freedom of association 

and collective bargaining for our employees 

and diligently comply with local labour laws 

and regulations in the countries in which we 

conduct business. 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

12

| 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 |

Forced or compulsory labour of any 

kind is not tolerated, nor do we exploit child 

labour in any of our global operations. The 

majority	of	Noble’s	staff	are	office	based	

with permanent contracts, hence forced and 

child labour are not an issue in our direct 

operations. The chapter titled Responsible 

Supply Chain covers potential human rights 

topics in product origination.  

MAIntAInIng MOtIVAtIOn 

| 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 201-3 |

The commitment and dedication of our 

people remains vital to our success as does 

the leadership team that shapes our future. 

One part of motivating our workforce relates 

to compensation, and at Noble Group we 

offer our permanent employees (representing 

99% of our workforce) a competitive 

compensation	and	benefits	package.	Pay	for	

performance underpins our compensation 

strategy, which we believe, enhances the 

culture of partnership and teamwork across 

the company. 

We	offer	benefits	programmes	that	

include medical, health and disability covers, 

pension plans, parental leave, and wellness 

programmes.  In Singapore and Dubai, 

we	offer	flexible	benefits	programmes	that	

enable employees to adjust their coverage 

levels and spend any remaining funds on 

a range of health related products such 

as gym membership or health screening.  

Noble	Group	operates	a	number	of	defined	

contribution plans (including mandatory and 

voluntary schemes) throughout the world 

– in 2017, employer pension contributions 

totalled US$2.7 million. 

COnStrUCtIVE DIAlOgUE

| 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 402-1, 404-3, 407-1 |

Communication has been key during 

this transition process. We have kept our 

employees up to date through regular emails 

from our Chairman and CEO, as well as 

updates on our intranet portal. We gather 

feedback through town hall meetings in 

the	major	offices	and	provide	opportunities	

for employees to directly interact and ask 

questions to our senior leadership team on a 

regular basis. 

| 102-41 |

Noble abides by local minimum notice 

requirements for informing employees 

when	there	are	significant	changes	in	our	

operations. Noble’s Code of Conduct includes 

our employees’ right to exercise freedom 

of association and to have representation 

of their choice. As of 2017, most of our 

workforce	was	not	covered	by	specific	

collective bargaining agreements. 

BUIlDIng A BAlAnCED tEAM

| 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 406-1 |

A culture of diversity and equal opportunities 

is one of our greatest strengths, which 

allows our people to work cohesively across 

multiple functions, locations and languages. 

We have clear policies on equal opportunity 

to embrace different cultures, ethnicities, 

genders and backgrounds in our workplace. 

Female representation was 41% in our global 

offices	(2016:	37%)	and	38%	of	our	overall	

workforce.

Our people managers are responsible for 

ensuring that the Equal Opportunities Policy 

and other labour principles are adhered to in 

their	departments.	In	our	offices,	employees	

receive mandatory training on workplace 

conduct and business ethics. We encourage 

and promote procedures for reporting any 

unwelcome attitudes in the workplace. 

Moreover, Noble takes any alleged breach 

of discrimination standards seriously. In 

2017, we received no credible complaints of 

discrimination in any location.

We prioritise recruiting and developing 

local talent. By doing so, we bring in local 

knowledge that is crucial for our business 

growth and contributes to human capital 

development in our operating locations. More 

than 77% of our new hires with known birth 

region in 2017 were local hires.

percentage of women

in Noble’s office

41%


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

13

BY rEgIOn AnD gEnDEr

f

m

total

APAC

emea

amer

149

11

64

223

29

121

372

40

185

597

BY EMPlOYMEnt COntrACt AnD gEnDEr

f

m

total

Permanent

Temporary

219

5

371

2

590

7

597

BY MAnAgEMEnt lEVEl &amp; gEnDEr

f

m

total

Directors	

(executive	or	 

above

Manager

Professional	&amp; 

support

Not	declared

1 

 

24

181 

18

19 

 

91

201 

62

20 

 

115

382 

80

597

BY EMPlOYMEnt COntrACt AnD rEgIOn

ApAC

emeA

Amer

total

Permanent

Temporary

366

6

39

1

185

590

7

597

*	Noble	Group’s	human	resources	data	and	processes	are		

maintained	over	a	robust	software	application.	

| 102-7, 102-8, 405-1 |

tAlEnt ACQUISItIOn AnD DEVElOPMEnt

| 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 |

Our award winning Global Associate 

Programme continues to develop staff, 

which	in	2017	identified	six	high	potential	

individuals for on-the-job training. Mentored 

by managers and former participants in the 

Programme, they worked across several 

business units and countries to obtain 

extensive insights into commodities markets, 

global supply chains and risk management 

over the course of the year. 

Many of the alumni from previous 

years are quickly advancing through 

the organisation. We embed leadership 

development as a part of our succession 

planning. To support personal and career 

development, our comprehensive review 

and succession planning initiatives cover key 

leadership roles and top tiers of the senior 

management team across the Group. In 2017, 

33 employees took the opportunities to move 

to different business units, job functions and 

increased job scope. We reward the loyalty 

of our employees by providing long service 

awards to honour their many years of service 

to the company.

The restructuring of our business 

platforms, as set out in our Strategic Review, 

had an impact on our turnover. The majority 

of the turnover represented employees of 

business that were sold during the year. The 

voluntary turnover rate in 2017 was 23% and 

remained consistent with the prior year. 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

14

nEw HIrES BY AgE grOUP AnD gEnDEr

f

m

total

&lt;30

30-50

&gt;50

Not	declared

6

18

1

10

17

3

1

16

35

4

1

56

tUrnOVEr BY AgE grOUP AnD gEnDEr

f

m

total

&lt;30

30-50

&gt;50

Not	declared

34

113

20

7

62

254

38

7

96

367

58

14

535

nEw HIrES BY rEgIOn AnD gEnDEr

f

m

total

amer

APAC

10

15

12

19

22

34

56

tUrnOVEr BY rEgIOn AnD gEnDEr

f

m

total

amer

APAC

emea

65

86

23

153

141

67

218

227

90

535

| 401-1 |

A SAFE AnD HEAltHY wOrKPlACE

| 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 403-2 |

Noble Group is committed to achieving 

Zero Harm across the business.  The health 

and safety policy and related guidelines 

are implemented to ensure the necessary 

focus on safety systems at work, response 

to incidents and appropriate provision of 

medical aids. Published in December 2016, 

the Group level health and safety policy built 

onto our regional policies to monitor and 

streamline reporting, exceeds legal health 

and safety requirements applicable in the 

countries where we do business. Health and 

safety coordinators are appointed at each 

asset	and	office	location.	

Starting	April	2017,	safety	figures	have	

been recorded and consolidated quarterly 

at the Group level. Reported incidents are 

classified	to	assess	the	level	of	investigation	

required and measures taken to prevent 

recurrence. In 2017, we had zero fatal 

occupational accidents. During April 

– December 2017, the lost time injury 

frequency rate (LTIFR) and total recordable 

case frequency rate (TRIFR) were 6.59 and 

30.49 per million hours worked.

3 

We take health and safety matters 

seriously across our investment portfolio. 

However, the operations at these projects 

are often beyond our sphere of operational 

control. To minimise health and safety 

risks, we partner with reputable production 

facilities in developed regions, conduct site 

visits, and exercise board oversight where 

appropriate. 

COMMUnItY OUtrEACH

| 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 413-1 |

Noble endeavours to reach out to the 

communities in which we work and live, 

helping numerous healthcare, educational, 

environmental and charitable efforts to 

enrich our lives and the lives of others.  We 

have a vision to work for the greater good 

outside of our daily activities - it is in our 

culture to contribute and give back to society.

3	 During	the	initial	implementation	of	the	new	health	and	safety	procedures,	safety	coordinators	at	some	locations	were	not	yet	fully	

familiar	with	the	reporting	requirements.	Hence,	we	noticed	gaps	in	the	data	collected	in	the	second	quarter.	These	were	addressed	from	

the	third	quarter	onward.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

15

Our people lead many community 

initiatives, identifying where help is most 

needed. We volunteer and aim to inspire. This 

includes community volunteering schemes 

such as fundraising, providing teaching and 

mentoring services, as well as participating 

in charity runs and challenges. For example, 

our Noble team won the challenge to race up 

Mount	Fansipan,	Vietnam	to	raise	funds	for	

the Sailors’ Society in April 2017. In Jakarta, 

we hosted an annual blood donation day and 

volunteered in the Clean Up Jakarta event, 

nearly 30 staff and their families embarked 

on a street clean-up, collecting rubbish and 



nOBlE FOUnDAtIOn

Founded in 2007, the Noble 

Foundation provides philanthropic 

contributions to address the root cause 

of poverty and underdevelopment. 

Through collaboration with local 

organisations, we are dedicated to 

acting at the grassroots level. 

We have put in place a formal 

procedure to select, monitor and 

On	May	13,	2017,	7	of	Noble’s	Mongolian	staff	joined	hands	with	15	children	with	Down’s	syndrome	and	their	family	members	to	plant	trees	

in	the	national	park	of	Ulaanbaatar.	This	is	the	third	year	we	celebrated	the	Mongolian	national	tree	planting	day	with	these	children.

sending recyclables to a nearby recycling 

centre.	In	2017,	eight	charities	benefited	

from our dollar-for-dollar matching gift 

programme in the United States, which 

supports	qualified	charities.	

Regular site visits and meetings with 

local	government	officials	are	also	an	

important complement to our evaluation 

of community needs. Throughout 2017, we 

invested various community programmes 

in nine countries focusing on literacy, rural 

infrastructure, medical and family planning 

assistance and boosting local employment 

opportunities.

review programmes, and welcome 

applications year round from our 

staff. To enable the stable delivery of 

services and activities that align with 

our visions, the Foundation generally 

makes grants to programmes that 

are brought to our attention by staff, 

offering support over one to three year 

periods. Two examples of our projects 

are shown on the following page.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

16



SAFEgUArD AUStrAlIA’S 

UnIQUE FOSSIl HErItAgE

At the newly opened Australian Age 

of Dinosaurs Museum of Natural 

History in Queensland, the two Noble 

sponsored carriage shuttles begin to 

take visitors on a spectacular dinosaur 

discovery tour. The donation from 

Noble Foundation was one of several 

that helped the museum qualify for a 

funding package from the Queensland 

State and Federal Governments.

Situated at the south east of 

Winton, Australia, the museum 

features an outpost perched on a 

cliff overlooking a gorge 300 metres 

below. Four outdoor dinosaur galleries 

positioned along the gorge contain 

life-size bronze reconstructions of 

dinosaurs that lived in Australia over 

95 million years ago.

The two shuttles are solar powered 

and	each	transports	27	visitors.	Visitors	

can learn about Australia’s natural 

history. Children and families can 

board the shuttles for a 90-minute tour 

to see life-sized dinosaurs, a dinosaur 

stampede and a Cretaceous garden.

HElPIng MIgrAnt MOtHErS 

The PathFinders organisation is 

dedicated to protecting the rights 

of migrant worker women and their 

children in Hong Kong. It assists 

both undocumented and documented 

women who are pregnant or have 

children in Hong Kong to make 

informed decisions, understand their 

legal rights and obligations, and access 

critical humanitarian services and 

support networks. Importantly, its 

service empowers the mothers to make 

decisions based on the children’s best 

interests. Often these decisions include 

leaving Hong Kong and returning to 

the mother’s home country – often 

Indonesia.

The Home Country Integration 

Programme was launched in 2014 

with ongoing support from Noble 

Foundation. Since the programme 

began,	Pathfinders	has	identified	a	

number of service providers to deliver 

culturally appropriate reintegration 

support and educational materials, 

such as skills training on mushroom 

cultivation, in order to equip these 

mothers with the tools they need 

to care for their children in a safe 

environment. They are also building a 

network	of	key	influencers,	government	

officials,	community	and	religious	

leaders for longer term preventive 

efforts in Indonesia.

In 2017, the programme supported 

37 families to return home, and 

almost 100 mothers attended home 

preparation classes in Hong Kong. 

With the reintegration support 

provided	by	Pathfinders,	the	babies	

and children and their mothers are 

now able to access essential medical 

services and re-integration support 

that is culturally and linguistically 

appropriate. 



Returned	migrant	worker	acquires	essential	skills	in	

mushroom	cultivation	to	enhance	livelihoods


17



Business	integrity	is	firmly	embedded	in	Noble	Group’s	values	and	underpins	the	way	we	

operate. We implement systems and processes to ensure accountability and responsibility 

throughout the organisation and across our relations with our stakeholders. This includes the 

structure of governance and oversight set through the board of directors and the risk governance 

and compliance measures that apply to operational teams. We take precautionary measures 

to address key business integrity risks from 

corruption or bribery, including investments 

in IT systems to assess counterparty risk 

and ongoing training for staff. We view these 

measures as critically important to ensure a 

strong foundation for the business.

busiNess iNtegrity

Principle 10: businesses should work 

against corruption in all its forms, including 

extortion and bribery.

OUr COMMItMEnt

| 102-16 |

Noble is committed to operating with the 

utmost integrity. Noble’s Code of Conduct 

sets out compliance requirements and 

guidelines on key ethical issues. Our 

policies and management systems explicitly 

emphasise anti-corruption, anti-bribery and 

anti-trust behaviour. 

At a minimum, Noble acts in accordance 

with its statutory or regulatory requirements 

and expects all employees to comply with the 

law in every jurisdiction in which we operate. 

We hold onto our core values of being 

accountable and responsible, which extend to 

our shared commitment to prevent fraud and 

misconduct.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

18

rOlES AnD gOVErnAnCE 

| 102-11, 102-16, 102-18 |

Our Board of Directors is committed to 

maintaining a high standard of corporate 

governance within the Group. We take pride 

in having a deep and high quality Board, 

whose objective judgement on corporate 

affairs and collective experience is invaluable 

for our decision making, and is responsible 

for the strategic direction of the Group and 

has oversight of senior management. At the 

end of 2017, there were a total of 7 directors, 

3 of whom are Independent Non-Executive 

Directors. By the end of May 2018, we have 

increased the number of independent Non-

Executive Directors to 7, with a total of 9 

directors. More information is available on 

our website and at the Report of the Directors 

of Noble Group Annual Report 2017. 

The Board maintains close consideration 

of	investment,	financial	risks,	governance,	

remuneration, government relations, 

health and safety, and environmental and 

social matters. The directors constructively 

challenge and help develop proposals 

on strategy, review the performance of 

management in meeting agreed goals and 

objectives, and monitor the reporting of 

performance. Good corporate governance 

establishes and maintains a legal and ethical 

environment that seeks to promote and 

preserve the interests of all stakeholders.

The committee structure of our Board 

enables separation of duties and differentiates 

responsibilities to focus on critical functions. 

The Audit Committee provides oversight 

on	financial	accounting	and	reporting	

obligations; oversight of the external and 

internal auditors and their work; adequacy 

of	internal	controls	and	the	financial	

risk management system. The Corporate 

Governance	Committee	identifies,	monitors	

and implements good corporate governance 

practices and procedures for the Group.

Business integrity is a responsibility for 

all employees. Consequently, the Noble Group 

Code of Conduct applies to all directors, 

officers	and	employees	of	the	Group	and	

each of its subsidiaries. The Code of Conduct 

sets out principles to guide employees, 

directors	and	officers	in	carrying	out	their	

duties and responsibilities to the highest 

standards of personal and corporate integrity 

when dealing with the Group, its customers, 

suppliers, competitors and the community. 

Our policy is in line with our commitment 

to the United Nations Universal Declaration 

of Human Rights and the principles of the 

United Nations Global Compact.

In keeping with our dedication to 

professionalism in our operations, risk, 

compliance and internal audit functions are 

mandated to oversee the implementation 

of our policies regarding ethical conduct. 

As part of our efforts, the Group has 

adopted and implemented a policy 

whereby	employees	may,	in	confidence,	

raise concerns regarding unlawful activity, 

policy or practices, suspected fraud, 

corruption, dishonest practices or other 

matters. Senior management in global 

human resources and technical operations 

implement Noble’s environmental, health 

and safety management programmes. This is 

complemented	by	locally	defined	and	asset	

specific	requirements,	depending	on	the	

operating activity of the respective business 

line. 

| 405-1 |

rISK gOVErnAnCE AnD 

IntErnAl AUDItS 

| 205-1, 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 |

Noble’s holistic approach to risk governance 

underpins our strong risk management 

culture. A clear segregation of duties for risk 

managers and business managers ensures full 

accountability and ownership within our risk 

management structure. 

BOArD OF DIrECtOrS

4

f

m

total

30-50

&gt;50

0

1

6

1

6

7

4	 By	the	end	of	May	2018,	78%	of	our	Board	comprises	

independent	non-executive	directors.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

19

Noble’s Risk Committee comprises 

senior managers and division heads. It meets 

on	a	weekly	basis	to	discuss	significant	risks	

and progress against strategy.  Among other 

mandates, the committee reviews Noble’s 

policies and internal controls to ensure 

appropriate procedures are in place. More 

information on Noble’s risk governance 

framework is available in the Notes to 

Financial Statements (section B7) of Noble 

Group Annual Report 2017.  

We have a dedicated internal audit team 

staffed by experienced industry professionals. 

The team conducts systematic audits across 

all of Noble Group’s operations. Its role is 

defined	and	overseen	by	the	Board	Audit	

Committee. The review and audit of Noble’s 

operations is a continuous process. The team 

engages in discussion and consultation with 

the various business units addressing price 

risk and credit risk management, operational 

risks, health and safety risks, environmental 

risks, and information technology risks. 

The internal audit team also works 

closely with the compliance team to ensure 

compliance with the various regulatory 

frameworks that we operate under; with 

International Sanctions Legislation; and with 

Anti-bribery and Corruption measures, such 

as the UK Bribery Act. The internal audit 

team evaluates whether the current Noble 

Group Policies and Standard Operating 

Procedures	are	sufficient	to	mitigate	

identified	risk	and	recommends	changes	or	

enhancements if required. 

| 419-1 |

In 2017 the team conducted eight audits 

across the Group with activities in all the 

major	business	streams.	We	had	no	fines	or	

non-monetary sanctions relating to the non-

compliance of laws and regulations. The 2018 

Audit Plan has been approved by the Board 

Audit	Committee	and	is	the	first	year	of	a	 

3 year plan cycle with higher risk businesses 

being audited annually and lower risk 

business being audited twice in 3 years. 

| 102-13 |

We pay close attention to evolving 

laws and regulatory frameworks, and 

actively support reforms that require higher 

standards. Often, collective actions by 

investors, companies and regulators helps 

to promote better standards of governance 

in Asian companies and counter corruption 

and malpractice. Noble was a member of the 

Asian Corporate Governance Association 

(ACGA) and participated in their conferences 

and advocacy initiatives.

PrECAUtIOnArY MEASUrES  

tO PrEVEnt COrrUPtIOn

| 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 |

Our Group-wide policies state clearly that 

all our business functions must comply 

with the legal obligations and laws in every 

jurisdiction in which we operate. Noble’s 

Code	of	Conduct	imposes	specific	obligations	

in respect of anti-corruption, anti-trust, 

anti-money	laundering,	combating	financial	

crimes,	counter	financing	of	terrorism,	

sanctions and fraud. We regularly review 

our policies and procedures to adapt to 

the changing regulatory landscape. Taking 

into account these developments, industry 

guidance, customer experience and societal 

expectations, we implement internal controls 

that safeguard our operations against 

regulatory and reputational risk. 

Our experienced Compliance Team 

is dedicated to ensuring that our business 

conforms to applicable laws and regulations. 

Compliance Team personnel are based in 

our	trading	offices	and	serve	as	a	valuable	

resource for providing technical assistance 

and training in the regulatory sphere. 

Before entering into any contracts with 

new counterparties, we undertake a World-

Check risk search as a key component of our 

mandatory risk screening.  


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

20

Noble employees worldwide are given 

explicit guidance on ethical business 

practices,	such	as	conflicts	of	interest,	

entertainment and gifts. Every employee 

must acknowledge they have read and 

understood Noble’s Code of Conduct and 

policies, as part of their induction and on an 

ongoing basis. Regular refresher training is 

organised to maintain the effectiveness of 

compliance programmes and highlight some 

of the perception gaps and possible “grey 

areas”.  

Specific	rules	on	securities	trading	

when	in	possession	of	internal,	confidential	

information are circulated among employees 

and set out in a separate policy. This includes 

a procedure for the good faith reporting of 

any infringement of the Code of Conduct or 

other Noble policy. Concerned employees 

are encouraged to report without fear to the 

Compliance or Legal departments when any 

suspicions arise. 

| 205-3 |

Noble has adopted and implemented 

a whistle-blowing policy through which 

employees	may,	in	confidence,	raise	concerns	

regarding matters not only about work place 

misconducts, but also any unlawful activities, 

policies or practices, suspected fraud, 

corruption, dishonest practices or other 

similar matters. There are also arrangements 

for an independent investigation of such 

issues and for appropriate follow up actions 

where necessary. During the reporting period, 

we	had	no	confirmed	cases	of	corruption	in	

our operations.

OngOIng trAInIng AnD 

COMMUnICAtIOn 

| 205-2 |

Every Noble employee is informed about our 

policies and practices. Corporate policies are 

reviewed and updated on a regular basis. 

Training on business ethics and conduct 

is	regularly	held	in	our	offices	to	reinforce	

the procedures for reporting any potential 

violations. 

All relevant staff are given regular 

updates on rules and regulations relevant to 

their particular markets and jurisdictions. 

Important	notifications	are	communicated	

via compliance emails to employees globally. 

Education and refresher trainings on 

compliance,	financial	crime,	anti-bribery	and	

anti-money laundering (AML) are delivered 

via e-learning programmes and classroom 

sessions.  

Across Asia, 85 employees attended face 

to face training in 2017. Among these, around 

10% of attendees were management level 

staff. This programme caters to the different 

needs of different business functions. For 

example,	front	office	members	receive	

training	on	financial	crimes,	bribery	acts	

and market abuse, which is less relevant in 

other business areas. Other training includes 

regulations related to illegal conduct and 

references on anti-corruption laws and 

published cases.


21



Land and water use, air and soil pollution, and resource depletion are some of the major 

environmental pressures caused by the production and transport of traded commodities. Noble 

understands the fundamental importance of managing our impact on the environment, as our 

core business inherently relies on natural resources. We seek to operate responsibly to prevent 

pollution and minimise our environmental footprint across our supply chains.

Energy	access	enables	development	and	can	bring	life	transforming	benefits.	However,	

International Energy Agency scenarios highlight that countries face increasing pressure to 

secure access to affordable energy while boosting low-carbon energy supply. Noble pursues 

opportunities to supply conventional fuels as well as LNG to meet rising energy demand. 

eNviroNmeNt

Principle 7: businesses should support a 

precautionary approach to environmental 

challenges;

Principle 8: undertake initiatives to promote 

greater environmental responsibility; and

Principle 9: encourage the development 

and diffusion of environmentally friendly 

technologies.

OUr COMMItMEnt 

| 102-16, 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 307-1 |

We support a precautionary approach to 

environmental challenges and work hard to 

minimise our environmental footprint across 

our supply chains. We do this by deploying 

resource management systems and controls. 

Regional environmental policies and plans are 

complemented	with	site-specific	requirements.	

Technical staff, quality managers and dedicated 

staff are present in all key locations and play a 

leading role in their implementation. 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

22

In line with legal requirements and 

principles, we conduct environmental 

impact assessments before purchasing new 

installations to manage the environmental 

risks to our investments. We also work in 

collaboration with industry associations 

to address broader environmental issues. 

During the reporting period, we received 

no	significant	fines	and	no	reports	of	non-

compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations across our wholly-owned 

operations.

To	secure	our	long-term	flow	of	energy	

products and help our customers to reduce 

their greenhouse gas emissions, we support 

alternative fuel development and the diffusion 

of environmentally friendly technologies.

EnErgY AnD EMISSIOnS

| 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 302-4, 305-5 |

Under the Paris Climate Change Agreement, 

countries have made national climate 

targets to keep a global temperature rise this 

century below 2°C and pursue efforts to limit 

warming below 1.5°C above pre-industrial 

levels. Strong government leadership is 

key for a smooth transition to a low-carbon 

future. Businesses can play a role to mitigate 

the environmental impact of their physical 

operations, by switching to lower carbon 

fuels, and advocating for actions through 

business associations.

Thermal coal with high caloric value, 

and with lower environmental consequences 

remains in strong demand in many Asian 

countries. In our energy coal business, we 

emphasise	the	flows	of	top	quality	coal	

with low ash and low sulphur content from 

Australia, which helps mitigate the impact of 

coal	burning	and	improves	efficiency	in	coal-

fired	power	generation.

Since 2007, Noble has sought to mitigate 

environmental issues in our value chains as 

well as work systematically on climate and 

environmental risks across our corporate 

offices	and	physical	operations.	We	initiated	

the Carbon Neutral Project twelve years ago 

to measure, reduce and offset the Group’s 

own greenhouse gas (GHGs) emissions. 

This	covers	all	Noble	offices	worldwide	and	

publications. We launched a centralised 

environment data assessment system in 

2010. 

Total carbon emissions (scope 1 and 2) 

in 2017 amounted to 1.92 million tonnes 

CO2 equivalent, a decline of 0.5 million 

tonnes CO2 equivalent from last year. One 

of the reasons for this decline is the disposal 

of group businesses. We had set a carbon 

intensity target across the group with a 

baseline year of 2013. Initially we made good 

progress in meeting the targets. However, 

the ongoing businesses have a higher carbon 

intensity than those that were sold. As a 

result the carbon intensity baseline is no 

longer comparable with the ongoing business 

and the target is no longer applicable.

At our individual asset operations 

and shipping business, we have intensity 

reduction targets to manage our energy 

use and carbon emissions. These targets, 

include energy and key material inputs. We 

have continued to make good progress in 

reductions at the individual asset level.  For 

more	information	about	our	energy	efficiency	

initiatives in chartering, see the section - 

Pollution Prevention and Mitigation.

In	our	offices,	we	encourage	staff	to	

reduce greenhouse gas emissions through 

making conscious daily choices. We raise 

awareness and promote eco-friendly habits 

through our publications and with our regular 

commuting and business travel survey. In 

some	of	our	major	offices,	bike	storage	and	

shower facilities are available to facilitate 

cycling or walking to work. We established 

a Group level travel policy in 2010, which 

has also been effective at reducing overall 

business travel and encouraging the use of 

video conferencing. In 2015, we endeavoured 

to further reduce our staff business travel for 

an additional 10% reduction per full-time 

employee in 2020.

We make every effort to improve 

resource	management	across	our	offices,	

including energy and fuel use, paper, water 

and waste. Our efforts save costs and enhance 

productivity.	As	the	final	step	to	neutralising	

the	remaining	emissions,	we	retire	verified	

carbon credits from renewable and low 

carbon energy projects that bring positive 

socio-economic	benefits.	Since	inception	of	

the Carbon neutral Project, we have offset 

more than 1,257,000 tonnes of carbon.

scope 1 and 2 ghg emissions decreased  

by 0.5 mt Co2e


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

23

| 302-1, 302-3, 302-5, 305-1, 305-2, 305-3, 305-4 | 

CArBOn AnD EnErgY PErFOrMAnCE In OUr OPErAtIOnS

1

2017

2016

2015

greenhouse gas emissions (mt Co2e)

total emissions

2

1.918

2.373

3.066

direct (scope 1) ghg emissions 

1.871

2.332

3.034

gross location-based energy indirect  

(scope 2) ghg emissions 

0.047

0.042

0.032

gross market-based energy indirect  

(scope 2) ghg emissions

3

0.047

0.042

other indirect (scope 3) ghg emissions

4

0.005

0.009

0.011

Co2 emissions per products traded  

(mt Co2e / mt)

0.0239

0.0107

0.0113

Co2 emissions on business travel per employee 

(t Co2e /office employee)

5.37

5.23

5.29

 

energy consumption (mWh)

fuel

 6,738,446 

8,233,040

10,736,419

electricity

 86,436 

78,352

73,002

heat

 21 

40

29

steam

 -   

-

-

Cooling

726 

1,252

1,093

energy intensity per products traded  

(mWh/mt)

0.088

0.037

5

0.040

1		 Noble	Group	greenhouse	gas	(GHG)	emissions	inventory	is	defined	by	adopting	the	operational	control	approach	in	the	GHG	Protocol.	

The	GHG	inventory	includes	Noble	Group’s	beneficiary	ships,	chartering,	assets,	worldwide	offices	and	publications.	The	GHG	inventory	

is	assured	by	TÜV	NORD	CERT	GmbH	according	to	the	ISO	14064	standard.	

	 This	GHG	emissions	calculation	covers	all	relevant	GHGs:	carbon	dioxide	(CO2),	methane	(CH4),	nitrous	oxide	(N2O),	hydrofluorocarbons	

(HFCs),	perfluorocarbons	(PFCs),	sulfur	hexafluoride	(SF6)	and	nitrogen	trifluoride	(NF3).	The	inventory	has	been	maintained	in	a	centralised	

environment	data	assessment	system	since	2010.

2	Data	includes	scope	1	and	2	emissions	of	Noble	Group	

 

 

3	The	calculation	of	market-based	GHG	emissions	is	supplemented	with	location-based	emission	factors,	in	case	the	emissions	data	of	the	

purchased	electricity	is	unavailable

4	Data	includes	business	travel,	commuting,	water	and	waste,	paper	use	and	publications	in	Noble	Group’s	offices

5	Adjusted	for	the	tonnage	figure	in	Annual	Report	2016

In Hong Kong, we are a corporate 

member of World Wide Fund for Nature 

(WWF). We recognise their vision in creating 

solutions that serve nature and people, 

and we are a long-term supporter of their 

wide-reaching conservation initiatives and 

environmental education programmes in 

Hong Kong and the South China region.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

24

POllUtIOn PrEVEntIOn AnD 

MItIgAtIOn 

| 302-4, 305-5 |

While ships are universally recognised 

as	the	most	fuel	efficient	mode	of	bulk	

transportation, the shipping sector has 

been working for decades to mitigate its 

impact on climate change, air pollutants and 

ballast water pollution. Noble Chartering is 

recognised for providing high-quality, safe 

and	efficient	logistics	solutions.	We	have	been	

upgrading	our	fleet	including	installation	

of	fuel	efficient	engines	and	ballast	water	

treatment systems, which control and 

minimise the introduction of nonindigenous 

species to marine environments. 

| 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 306-3 |

We	partner	with	ISO-qualified	fleet	

operators that place safety and pollution 

prevention high on their agenda, and which 

hold International Safety Management 

Code	compliance	certification	in	line	with	

International Maritime Organization (IMO) 

requirements. In addition, Noble adopts 

an Emergency Oil Spill Response Plan to 

respond in the event of oil spills, and we are 

pleased to report that in 2017 we had no spills 

overboard	across	our	owned	fleet	operations.

All Noble’s owned ships have 

received IECC (International Energy 

Efficiency	Certificate)	appropriate	to	their	

classifications.	Our	ships	also	comply	strictly	

with the latest IMO regulations to reduce the 

emissions of sulphur oxides, nitrogen oxide 

and particulate matter by switching to low 

sulphur content fuels in Emission Control 

Areas. 

We	seek	to	increase	fuel	efficiency	

and optimise vessel speed. Noble’s owned 

tonnage has been, depending on various 

factors, frequently sailing at the “Super Eco 

Speed” and/or “Eco Speed” since 2012.  A 

monitoring	parameter	“Energy	Efficiency	

Operational Indicator” is applied across our 

fleet	to	measure	and	improve	our	overall	fuel	

use	efficiency.	

During ship selection for chartering, we 

optimise the carbon footprint of our vessels 

through the use of RightShip Greenhouse 

Gas (GHG) Emissions Rating, alongside 

with their safety rating. We also voluntarily 

use	this	mechanism	to	rate	our	own	fleet’s	

environmental performance. These efforts are 

bearing fruit, in 2017, Noble’s owned ships 

emitted 24% less CO2e emissions (scope 1)  

per nautical mile compared to 2010.

tOwArDS SUStAInABlE PAlM OIl     

| 102-13 |

We take a pragmatic approach in operating 

our two Indonesian palm plantations and 

in developing them in an environmentally 

friendly manner. Our conservation efforts 

ensure	that	not	only	we	meet	certification	

standards for sustainable palm oil production, 

but also create long-term structural 

improvements to lessen our environmental 

impact. We are a member of the Roundtable 

on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) and both 

plantations are on track to achieve the RSPO 

certification.	More	information	about	our	

management practices, product traceability 

and	certification	status	is	available	on	the	

Responsibility section of our website.  

In 2017, we attained a score of 73.1 

percent from the London Zoological Society 

under its SPOTT (Sustainability Policy 

Transparency Toolkit) assessment, which 

assesses palm oil producers and traders on 

the availability of their ESG (environmental, 

social and governance) information, making 

Noble Group one of the top 10 organisations 

in this sector. 

Nevertheless, we have an ongoing 

complaint logged at the RSPO Complaints 

Panel relating to one of our subsidiaries. We 

have been cooperating fully and appointed an 

accredited independent consultant to assess the 

status of land on PT PAL’s concession. We are 

disappointed	that	this	complaint	came	up	five	

years after the relevant information was made 

publicly available and the consultation had 

closed without public comment or objection. 

It is worth noting that a previous complaint 

prompted by claims from the same activist party 

was not substantiated and was closed. 

Beyond our plantations, we participate 

in a conservation programme for orangutans. 

Across Borneo and Sumatra, the Orangutan 

Project helps to restore the habitats for this 

endangered species, rescue and rehabilitate 

displaced orangutans, and educate and 

empower local villagers on the value of 

conservation. 

We continue to implement our 

conservation programme and look closely to 

our energy use, here are some of our initiatives 

in 2017.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

25

COnSErVAtIOn AnD EDUCAtIOn

A	dedicated	team	of	conservation	field	staff	

manages over 14,000 hectare of conservation 

area and conduct inventory counts regularly 

on	flora	and	fauna	within	and	adjacent	to	

the plantations. The ongoing biodiversity 

monitoring is supported with the use of 

automatic	field	cameras	and	mist	netting.	

Information is catalogued in an extensive 

database that tracks species distribution and 

abundance, among other data points. 

In 2017, we raised 9,140 seedlings 

from 24 species of plants in our forest 

nurseries. We planted 2,899 saplings in 

High	Conservation	Value	areas.	All	areas	

where trees had been planted in this year and 

previous years were maintained by control of 

competing weeds and replacement of trees 

that had died.

Our community education programme 

is a key component to the success of our 

conservation and sustainability efforts. Staff 

exchange knowledge and best practices with 

local villagers to promote sustainability, 

including the preservation of traditional 

ways of life. Throughout the year, we 

monitored the conservation areas and 

installed boundary markers and informative 

signs. This monitoring sometimes reveals 

damage by villagers and workers who wish 

to pursue their own horticulture activities in 

areas where it is not allowed. We rehabilitate 

damaged areas through our tree planting 

programme. 

In the ongoing schools’ tree nursery 

programme, we have given out 1,000 



At	Timika’s	plantation,	solar	panels	are	installed	at	a	number	of	workers	accommodation	units.

seedlings (including 800 trembesi and 

100 durian) for children to look after. The 

children have planted 400 trees around 

the schools, homes and peoples’ vegetable 

gardens.

EnErgY USE

| 201-2 |

Energy	efficiency	and	an	increased	share	of	

energy use from sustainable sources are our 

ongoing priorities. We have been reviewing 

alternative sources of renewable energy to 

reduce greenhouse gas emissions, diversify 

our energy supplies, and identify cost savings.

Palm	oil	fibre	and	shell	are	waste	by-

products of oil palm production. This readily 

available biomass is a valuable source of 

energy generation and as an opportunity 

to	reduce	waste	and	save	costs	with	fibre	

disposal. With an investment of almost 

US$10,000, we installed an empty fruit bunch 

shredder in November 2017, a processing 

machine	specially	designed	to	crush	the	fibre	

into small pieces. After crushing, the waste 

can	be	used	to	fire	the	boiler	plant,	reducing	

our dependency on diesel to produce steam 

and power from the mill’s boiler that supplies 

electricity for staff housing.

We also set up 14 solar panel units on 

the roof of our workers’ accommodation 

units. With battery capacities at about 4,800 

WH, these installations have helped us to 

reduce the run time of our diesel generators. 

In addition to cost savings, these lowers the 

overall carbon emissions of the plantations.


26



We create value for our customers and society at large through our in-depth knowledge in moving 

raw materials from the place of production or extraction to the place of consumption. Wherever 

we source products, we believe the workers that have produced them and the communities living 

near the sourcing locations should be treated with dignity and respect. We want to ensure that 

there is no link between our business activities and adverse human rights impacts through our 

business relationships.

We take a holistic approach to managing these supply chain risks. This includes 

implementing robust due diligence and continuous monitoring programmes to evaluate 

and manage foreseeable risks and social impacts from our supply chains. Through ongoing 

community involvement and consultation, we tailor engagement programmes to address 

community concerns; in particular, we acknowledge the rights of indigenous people to customary 

land. We support rural social infrastructure and improve access to quality education, healthcare, 

clean	water	and	sanitation	to	benefit	host	communities.	Together,	these	steps	help	us	develop	

supply chains in a responsible manner.

respoNsible supply ChAiN

Principle 1: businesses should support and 

respect the protection of internationally 

proclaimed human rights; and

Principle 2: make sure that they are not 

complicit in human rights abuses.

OUr COMMItMEnt

| 102-16 |

Noble is committed to uphold the United 

Nations Universal Declaration of Human 

Rights. The Declaration proclaims 

fundamental human rights principles, while 

at a community perspective, the access to 

public services are the foundation for growth 

and economic development. Our effort to 

prevent, address and remedy human rights 

issues is guided by the United Nations 

Guiding Principles on Business and Human 

Rights.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

27



Our policies set out ethical principles 

to guide employees in carrying out their 

duties and responsibilities. These principles 

require the highest standards of personal and 

corporate integrity when dealing on behalf 

of the Group with its customers, suppliers, 

competitors and community members.  

Since 2016, we have published an 

annual statement on the efforts we take 

to address human rights issues, following 

the introduction of the United Kingdom 

Modern Slavery Act 2015. The statement 

underscores our commitment to supply 

chain accountability. Together with our 

sustainability report, it illustrates how we 

prevent	slavery	and	human	trafficking	at	

Noble and in our supply chains.

COMMUnItY AnD grOwtH

| 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 413-1 |

When we build out our supply chains into 

new territories and activities, the business 

and	financial	service	functions	are	responsible	

for investigating any past, current or potential 

liabilities and breaches of human rights as a 

part of the due diligence process. Alongside 

these reviews, we identify and subsequently 

support infrastructure improvements and 

address basic needs such as education, 

health and wellbeing, in order to serve our 

employees and community members. 

In	2017,	we	continued	to	make	significant	

community investments in Jamaica and 

Indonesia, amongst other places. At a global 

level, we have invested over US$ 636,000 in 

our global outreach and community projects, 

not including the costs of administration.  

Through our outreach programmes we 

undertake community investments in 75% of 

the	countries	in	which	we	have	a	significant	

presence. Our partnerships on the ground 

provide local understanding and networks to 

allow us to identify and deliver services that 

surrounding communities need the most. 

InDIgEnOUS rElAtIOnS

| 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 411-1 |

Noble recognises its responsibility to foster 

a respectful and enduring relationship with 

traditional land owners near our activities. 

We are committed to obtain their Free, 

Prior and Informed Consent in advance 

of any development. Our engagement 

programmes are designed to respect the 

significant	cultural	values	of	the	areas	where	

we originate resources, conforming to our 

Sustainability Policy. Regular meetings with 

indigenous groups in the host regions provide 

an open platform to align business practices 

with community needs and expectations. We 

are pleased to report that in 2017 we received 

no formal complaints of any violations of the 

rights of indigenous people.

SOCIAl AnD EnVIrOnMEntAl 

rISK MAnAgEMEnt In PrOjECt 

FInAnCE 

| 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 412-3 |

Strategic investments along the supply chain 

enable	greater	flexibility	to	meet	our	needs	

for infrastructure, logistics, storage and 

transport access. In line with our asset-light 

strategy, we assist our origination partners 

through participating in funding solutions 

and	using	our	financial	expertise,	networks	

and know-how to bring product to world 

markets. 

When we participate in a project, we 

ensure our partners are conducting their 

business in a socially and environmentally 

sound way, and free from the risks of modern 

slavery	and	human	trafficking.	Our	asset	

development team and technical consultants 

(in-house and external) visit target locations 

to evaluate the inherent risk factors for each 

transaction. These assessments include 

consideration of risks arising from past or 

potential environmental damage, including 

any possible negative impacts on community 

health, wellbeing and livelihood. 

We have a formalised process to review 

and approve capital investment, and internal 

experts are involved to evaluate the analyses 

and consider any issues that arise. A typical 

transaction may include the acquisition of a 

small stake in a production asset, a preferred 

offtake or marketing partnership, or may 

involve	working	capital	financing	which	

sometimes results in an exclusive provider 

agreement for supply chain management and 

logistics services. 

We typically work in partnership with 

market-leading asset managers and owners, 

who originate product for us. The vast 

majority of whom are public companies, 

this of itself provides an additional source of 

transparency. We also usually will have Board 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

28

representation and, where necessary, we 

commission further external industry experts 

to conduct detailed assessments on the health 

and safety, and the social and environmental 

performance of our potential investments 

and origination sources. Following the 

assessments, we collaborate with our 

partners to implement recommended policies 

or	processes.	In	2017,	we	made	no	significant	

transactions

5 (above US$5 million) that 

required enhanced human rights screening. 

DUE DIlIgEnCE FOr MInErAlS 

SUPPlY CHAInS

| 103-1, 103-2, 103-3|

Noble trades a variety of physical commodities 

and provides value-enhancing solutions to 

our network of customers across the globe. 

Our	scale	provides	certain	benefits	and	

economies as well as challenges. Natural-

resource use, environmental concerns, and 

customer expectations are among the top 

challenges in supply chain management.

As our teams unlock new opportunities 

to	secure	long-term	physical	flows,	we	

form strategic partnerships with market-

leading raw materials producers and asset 

developers with a strong focus on supply 

chain integrity and sustainable sourcing. 

These collaborations enable a high level of 

product traceability and transparency across 

our value chains. 

Our partners also have explicit policies 

in place to manage the environmental and 

sustainability risks associated with the 

raw material production. Those policies 

are aligned to international management 

and essential performance standards. 

These process standards help us, and our 

partners, meet demanding bulk commodity 

specifications	and	standards.	

| 417-1 |

The minerals industry continues to 

address human rights issues, especially when 

extraction	takes	place	in	regions	of	conflict.	

There are particular concerns in Central 

Africa that mineral sales can provide possible 

funding for armed groups. For Noble, these 

risks are relevant to our minerals trade 

with the Democratic Republic of Congo 

and adjoining countries. Consequently we 

continue to focus on this area of concern 

to mitigate potential reputational risks and 

conform to the Organisation for Economic 

Co-operation and Development (OECD) due 

diligence guidance to assure we source solely 

with responsible supply chain participants. 

In	2012,	we	formalised	our	Conflict	

Minerals Policy and created a mechanism 

to implement the policy. Both our policy 

and due diligence framework are reviewed 

annually. All minerals trades are vetted 

through Noble’s know your counterparty 

procedures. It focuses on reducing potential 

reputational and compliance risks, including 

human rights practices of suppliers, by 

implementing further integrity checks to 

complement existing risk systems. 

Noble’s employees and their independent 

representatives are regularly visiting mines in 

Africa to witness and manage risks at points 

of extraction and processing.  Noble also 

accumulates,	through	its	network	of	offices	

and service providers such as independent 

inspectors, detailed information on the 

production	profile	of	our	suppliers.

| 102-13 |

We support a joint industry approach to 

address concerns over mineral traceability 

and promote local economic development. 

Noble is a member of the ITRI Tin Supply 

Chain Initiative (iTSCi) Programme and 

International Tungsten Industry Association, 

we continue to work closely with other 

traceability program initiatives, and all our 

receiving smelters meet the criteria of being 

conflict-free	under	the	Responsible	Minerals	

Initiative.

5		The	threshold	of	above	US$5	million	is	used	to	define	transaction	as	significant.	A	committee	made	up	of	senior	management	executives	

participates	in	the	review	process	for	such	transactions.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

29

PrIOrItISE EDUCAtIOn, 

SOCIAl rEnEwAl AnD StAFF 

VOlUntEErIng 

In Jamaica, our community 

development and empowerment 

programme has entered its third year. 

From building skills to supporting social 

renewal, we are playing an active role in 

the Jamaican mining community. Our 

efforts are supported by the strong culture 

of staff volunteering at the Jamalco 

bauxite	mining	and	alumina	refinery.	Our	

employees contributed more than 7,300 

hours in the community to build and 

renovate dilapidated rural schools and 

social facilities in 2017.

FACIlItIES UPgrADE AnD SKIllS 

trAInIngS

Education across Jamaica faces 

infrastructure challenges due to low 

levels of funding. Many institutions lack 

basic facilities and classrooms, while 

unskilled workers are engaged in low-

income jobs as the unemployment rate 

is high. We collaborate with the Ministry 

of Education, Youth and Information to 

improve the quality of education across 

the island. Our staff and trusted NGOs 

carry out renovations and raise funds 

to upgrade facilities at needy schools. 

Here are a few examples of projects we 

supported in 2017. 

At Broadleaf Primary School in South 

Manchester, the classroom for Grade 

6 students became overcrowded and 

run-down. The school received a grant 

and in partnership with the Ministry 

of Education a new classroom block is 

now under construction. The Education 

Ministry’s funding will cover the cost of 

window and door installation, electrical 

work and painting.

At Winston Jones High School, we 

sponsored the renovation of the welding 

laboratory. This enables the school to 

facilitate training in welding and metal 

fabrication that meet the national 

technical	qualification	requirements.	

In Clarendon &amp; Manchester, we 

donated 100 computer tablets and 

supported teacher training in 12 primary 

schools. The training was necessary to 

assist the students to take full advantage 

of the new programme.



New	tools	for	metal	fabrication	are	donated	to	the	welding	laboratory	of	the	Winston	Jones	High	School.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

30

A school greenhouse is a good way 

to reconnect students with nature and 

teach them valuable lessons on the origin 

of their food and about horticulture. 

Three greenhouses were constructed 

with our funding at the Mitchell Town 

SUPPOrt StAFF VOlUntEErIng In SOCIAl 

rEnEwAl PrOjECtS

Every year, staff from Jamalco organise 

themselves to embark on sponsored 

refurbishment and renovation projects in 

the nearby schools and social facilities. In 

2017, various projects received funding 

and voluntary support. The teams 

helped with decorations and painting 

at seven schools to create an attractive 

environment for children to learn and 

grow. A new bus shed was built at the 



Primary, Mile Gully High and Richmond 

Park Primary schools. Starting in 2018, 

trainings will be arranged for both 

teachers	and	students	to	plant	their	first	

crops.





Blenheim and Bethel Isle subdivision, 

to	benefit	the	community	as	a	whole.	

At Pratville Primary School, there are 

plans to build a multi-purpose court. 

One bus shed will be built in the Sheckles 

community. 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

31

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE

EXTERNAL 

ASSURANCE

PAGE

REMARKS / OMISSIONS

GRI 101: Foundation 2016

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

ORGANIZATIONAL PROFILE

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-1

Noble Group

About Noble Group (3)

102-2

Primary brands, products 

and services

About Noble Group (3), 2017 Annual Report 

(8-12)

102-3

Noble Group's 

headquarters

Head Office (1)

102-4

Countries of operations

About Noble Group (3) 

2017 Annual Report (8-12)

102-5

Ownership and legal form

About Noble Group (3)

102-6

Market served

About Noble Group (3) 

2017 Annual Report (8-12)

102-7

Scale of the organisation

About Noble Group (3) 

Our People (13) 

2017 Annual Report (2, 40-45, 138)

102-8

Employee and workforce 

information

Our People (13)

102-9

Supply chain description

About Noble Group (3)

102-10

Significant changes to the 

organisation

2017 Annual Report (4-6)

102-11

Precautionary approach

Business Integrity (18)

102-12

External charters and 

principles

A Message from our CEO (2)

102-13

Memberships of 

associations

A Message from our CEO (2) 

Business Integrity (19) 

Environment (24) 

Responsible Supply Chain (28)

STRATEGY

102-14

CEO message

A Message from our CEO (2)

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY

102-16

Values, principles, standards 

and norms

Our People (11) 

Business Integrity (17, 18) 

Environment (21) 

Responsible Supply Chain (26)

GOVERNANCE

102-18

Governance structure

Roles and governance (18) 

2017 Annual Report (22-37)

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Understanding our Responsibility (5, 6)

102-41

Collective bargaining 

agreements

Our People (12)

Noble’s workforce being mostly office-

based is not covered by specific 

collective bargaining agreements. 

102-42

Indentification of stakeholders

Understanding our Responsibility (5, 6)

102-43

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement

Understanding our Responsibility (5, 6)

102-44

Key concerns raised by 

stakeholders

Understanding our Responsibility (5, 6)

REPORTING PRACTICE

102-45

Entities included in the 

financial statements

2017 Annual Report (138) 

http://www.thisisnoble.com/images/

investors/financialInformation/

annualReport/ar2017.pdf

GRI Content Index

| 102-55 |




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

32

grI StAnDArD

DISClOSUrE

ExtErnAl 

ASSUrAnCE

PAgE

rEMArKS / OMISSIOnS

GRI	102:	General	 

Disclosures	2016

102-46

Report	content	and	aspect	

boundaries

About	this	Report	(4) 

Identifying	material	issues	(6-7)

102-47

List	of	material	aspects

Identifying	material	issues	(6-7)

102-48

Effect	of	any	restatements

No	restatements	from	previous	year

102-49

Significant	changes	to	scope	

and	aspect	boundaries

No	significant	changes	from	previous	year

rEPOrt PrOFIlE

102-50

Reporting	period

About	this	Report	(4)

102-51

Date	of	previous	report

May	31,	2017

102-52

Reporting	cycle

About	this	Report	(4)

102-53

Contact	point

Head	Office	(1)

102-54

This	report	has	been	prepared	

in	accordance	with	the	GRI	

Standards:	Core	option

External	Assurance	(5) 

GRI	content	index	(31-35)

102-55

GRI	content	index

GRI	content	index	(31-35)

102-56

External	assurance	policy	and	

practice

External	Assurance	(5) 

Ernst	&amp;	Young’s	assurance	statement	(36-38)

MAtErIAl tOPICS

ECOnOMIC

ECOnOMIC PErFOrMAnCE

GRI	103:	Management	 

Approach	2016

103-1,	103-2,	

103-3

Management	Approach

2017	Annual	Report	(4-6)

GRI	201:	Economic	 

Performance	2016

201-1

Direct	economic	value	

generated	and	distributed

2017	Annual	Report	(38-39) 

Financial	Highlights	(4)

201-2

Financial	implications	and	

other	risks	and	opportunities	

for	the	organization's	activities	

due	to	climate	change

Environment	(25)

201-3

Coverage	of	the	organization's	

defined	benefit	plan	

obligations

2017	Annual	Report	(152) 

Our	People	(12)

AntI-COrrUPtIOn

GRI	103:	Management	 

Approach	2016

103-1,	103-2,	

103-3

Management	Approach

Business	Integrity	(18-20)

GRI	205:	Anti-corruption	2016

205-1

Total	number	and	percentage	

of	operations	asessed	for	risks	

related	to	corruption	and	the	

significant	risks	identified

Business	Integrity	(18-19)

205-2

Communication	and	training	

on	anti-corruption	policies	and	

procedures

Business	Integrity	(20)

205-3

Confirmed	incidents	of	

corruption	and	actions	taken

Business	Integrity	(20)

EnVIrOnMEntAl

EnErgY

GRI	103:	Management	 

Approach	2016

103-1,	103-2,	

103-3

Management	Approach

Environment	(22)

GRI	302:	Energy	2016

302-1

Energy	Consumption	Within	

the	Organization

Environment	(23)

302-3

Energy	Intensity

Environment	(23)

302-4

Reduction	of	Energy	

Consumption

Environment	(22)

EMISSIOnS

GRI	103:	Management	 

Approach	2016

103-1,	103-2,	

103-3

Management	Approach

Environment	(22)


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

33

grI StAnDArD

DISClOSUrE

ExtErnAl 

ASSUrAnCE

PAgE

rEMArKS / OMISSIOnS

GRI	305:	Emissions	2016

305-1

Direct	Greenhouse	Gas	(GHG)	

Emissions	(Scope	1)

Environment	(23)

305-2

Energy	Indirect	Greenhouse	

Gas	(GHG)	Emissions	(Scope	2)

Environment	(23)

305-3

Other	Indirect	Greenhouse	

Gas	(GHG)	Emissions	(Scope	3)

Environment	(23)

305-4

Greenhouse	Gas	(GHG)	

Emissions	Intensity

Environment	(23)

305-5

Reduction	of	Greenhouse	Gas	 

(GHG)	Emissions

Environment	(22,	24)

EFFlUEntS AnD wAStE

GRI	103:	Management	 

Approach	2016

103-1,	103-2,	

103-3

Management	Approach

Environment	(24)

GRI	306:	Effluents	and	 

Waste	2016

306-3

Total	number	and	volume	of	

significant	spills

Environment	(24)

EnVIrOnMEntAl COMPlIAnCE

GRI	103:	Management	 

Approach	2016

103-1,	103-2,	

103-3

Management	Approach

Environment	(21,	22)

GRI	307:	Environmental	

Compliance	2016

307-1

Monetary	value	of	significant	

fines	and	total	number	of	

non-monetary	sanctions	

for	non-compliance	with	

environmental	laws	and	

regulations

Environment	(21,	22)

SOCIAl

EMPlOYMEnt

GRI	103:	Management	 

Approach	2016

103-1,	103-2,	

103-3

Management	Approach

Our	People	(12-13)

Our	disclosure	includes	both	

employees	and	contractors.

GRI	401:	Employment	2016

401-1

Total	number	and	rates	of	new	

employee	hires	and	employee	

turnover	by	age	group,	gender	

and	region

Our	People	(14)

lABOUr/MAnAgEMEnt rElAtIOnS

GRI	103:	Management	 

Approach	2016

103-1,	103-2,	

103-3

Management	Approach

Our	People	(12)

GRI	402:	Labor/Management	

Relations	2016

402-1

Minimum	notice	periods	

regarding	operational	changes,	

including	whether	these	

are	specified	in	collective	

agreements

Our	People	(12)

OCCUPAtIOnAl HEAltH AnD SAFEtY

GRI	103:	Management	 

Approach	2016

103-1,	103-2,	

103-3

Management	Approach

Our	People	(14)

GRI	403:	Occupational	Health	

and	Safety	2016

403-2

Type	of	injury	and	rates	of	

injury,	occupational	diseases,	

lost	days,	and	absenteeism,	

and	total	number	of	work-

related	fatalities,	by	region	and	

by	gender

Our	People	(14)

trAInIng AnD EDUCAtIOn

GRI	103:	Management	 

Approach	2016

103-1,	103-2,	

103-3

Management	Approach

Our	People	(12-14)

GRI	404:	Training	and	 

Education	2016

404-3

Percentage	of	employees	

receiving	regular	performance	

and	career	development	

reviews,	by	gender	and	by	

employee	category

Our	People	(12)

It	is	our	regular	practice	to	include	

permanent	employees	who	are	

employed	on	30	September	of	the	

performance	year	in	our	appraisal	

process.	In	2017,	we	did	not	enforce	the	

appraisal	process	for	all	employees,	as	

we	focused	on	macro	changes	around	

our	business,	and	secondly,	there	was	

wider	dialogue	on	the	effectiveness	of	

this	process.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

34

grI StAnDArD

DISClOSUrE

ExtErnAl 

ASSUrAnCE

PAgE

rEMArKS / OMISSIOnS

DIVErSItY AnD EQUAl OPPOrtUnItY

GRI	103:	Management	 

Approach	2016

103-1,	103-2,	

103-3

Management	Approach

Our	People	(12-13)

GRI	405:	Diversity	and	 

Equal	Opportunity	2016

405-1

Composition	of	governance	

bodies	and	breakdown	of	

employees	per	employee	

category	according	to	gender,	

age	group,	minority	group	

membership,	and	other	

indicators	of	diversity

Our	People	(13,	17)

nOn-DISCrIMInAtIOn

GRI	103:	Management	 

Approach	2016

103-1,	103-2,	

103-3

Management	Approach

Our	People	(12)

GRI	406:	Non- 

discrimination	2016

406-1

Total	number	of	incidents	of	

discrimination	and	corrective	

actions	taken

Our	People	(12)

FrEEDOM OF ASSOCIAtIOn AnD COllECtIVE BArgAInIng

GRI	103:	Management	 

Approach	2016

103-1,	103-2,	

103-3

Management	Approach

Our	People	(12)

Our	disclosure	includes	both	

employees	and	contractors.

GRI	407:	Freedom	of	

Association	and	Collective	

Bargaining	2016

407-1

Operations	and	suppliers	

identified	in	which	the	right	

to	exercise	freedom	of	

association	and	collective	

bargaining	may	be	violated	or	

at	significant	risk,	and	measures	

taken	to	support	these	rights

Our	People	(12)

CHIlD lABOr

GRI	103:	Management	 

Approach	2016

103-1,	103-2,	

103-3

Management	Approach

Our	People	(12)

GRI	408:	Child	Labor	2016

408-1

Operations	and	suppliers	

identified	as	having	significant	

risk	for	incidents	of	child	

labor,	and	measures	taken	to	

contribute	to	the	effective	

abolition	of	child	labor

Noble’s	major	operations	are	office-

based,	therefore	child	labor	is	not	

a	significant	risk	to	us.	Having	said	

that,	we	make	routine	visits	and	

due	diligence	on	Noble's	origination	

partners	to	minimise	supply	chain	risk	

on	child	labour.	

FOrCED Or COMPUlSOrY lABOr

GRI	103:	Management	 

Approach	2016

103-1,	103-2,	

103-3

Management	Approach

Our	People	(12)

GRI	409:	Forced	or	 

Compulsory	Labor	2016

409-1

Operations	and	suppliers	

identified	as	having	significant	

risk	for	incidents	of	forced	

or	compulsory	labor,	and	

measures	to	contribute	to	

the	elimination	of	all	forms	of	

forced	or	compulsory	labor

Noble’s	major	operations	are	office-

based,	therefore	forced	labor	is	not	

a	significant	risk	to	us.	Having	said	

that,	we	make	routine	visits	and	

due	diligence	on	Noble's	origination	

partners	to	minimise	supply	chains	risk	

on	forced	or	compulsory	labor.

rIgHtS OF InDIgEnOUS PEOPlES

GRI	103:	Management	 

Approach	2016

103-1,	103-2,	

103-3

Management	Approach

Responsible	Supply	Chain	(27)

GRI	412:	Human	Rights	

Assessment	2016

411-1

Total	number	of	incidents	of	

violations	involving	rights	of	

indigenous	peoples	 

and	actions	taken

Responsible	Supply	Chain	(27)

HUMAn rIgHtS ASSESSMEnt

GRI	103:	Management	 

Approach	2016

103-1,	103-2,	

103-3

Management	Approach

Responsible	Supply	Chain	(27-28)

GRI	412:	Human	Rights	

Assessment	2016

412-3

Total	number	and	percentage	

of	significant	investment	

agreements	and	contracts	that	

include	human	rights	clauses	

or	that	underwent	human	

rights	screening

Responsible	Supply	Chain	(27-28)

lOCAl COMMUnItIES

GRI	103:	Management	 

Approach	2016

103-1,	103-2,	

103-3

Management	Approach

Responsible	Supply	Chain	(27)


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

35

grI StAnDArD

DISClOSUrE

ExtErnAl 

ASSUrAnCE

PAgE

rEMArKS / OMISSIOnS

GRI	413:	Local	 

Communities	2016

413-1

Percentage	of	operations	with	

implemented	local	community	

engagement,	impact	

assessments,	and	development	

programs

Our	People	(15) 

Responsible	Supply	Chain	(27)

MArKEtIng AnD lABElIng

GRI	103:	Management	 

Approach	2016

103-1,	103-2,	

103-3

Management	Approach

Responsible	Supply	Chain	(26)

GRI	417:	Marketing	and	 

Labeling	2016

417-1

Type	of	product	and	service	

information	required	by	the	

organization's	procedures	

for	product	and	service	

information	and	labeling,	

and	percentage	of	significant	

product	and	service	categories	

subject	to	such	information	

requirements

Responsible	Supply	Chain	(28)

COMPlIAnCE

GRI	103:	Management	 

Approach	2016

103-1,	103-2,	

103-3

Management	Approach

Business	Integrity	(18-19)

GRI	419:	Socioeconomic	

Compliance	2016

419-1

Monetary	value	of	significant	

fines	and	total	number	of	non-

monetary	sanctions	for	non-

compliance	with	laws	and	

regulations	in	the	social	and	

economic	area

Business	Integrity	(19)


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

36

erNst &amp; youNg’s  

AssurANCe stAtemeNt

| 102-56 |

tO tHE BOArD OF DIrECtOrS  

OF nOBlE grOUP lIMItED 

SCOPE  

We have been engaged by the management 

of Noble Group Limited (“Noble”) to perform 

a limited assurance engagement on the 

information in Noble’s Sustainability Report 

2018	(the	“Report”).	Noble	has	defined	the	

scope of the Report in the GRI Content Index 

on pages 31-35 in the Report.

SUBjECt MAttEr AnD APPlICABlE CrItErIA

The Subject Matter for our limited assurance 

engagement included:

•	

The	selected	sustainability	performance	

indicators listed on pages 31-35  

(except for indicators under “Energy” 

and “Emissions”) for the year ended  

31 December 2017. 

•	

Disclosures	on	stakeholder	engagement	

and materiality assessment.

•	

Reported	alignment	to	the	self-declared	

‘Core Option’ of the ‘in accordance’ 

requirements of the Global Reporting 

Initiative’s (“GRI”) Sustainability 

Reporting Standards.

The following criteria have been applied:

•	

The	principles	of	Inclusivity,	Materiality	

and Responsiveness (“the Principles”), 

in AA1000 AccountAbility Principles 

Standard 2008 (“AA1000APS(2008)”) 

issued by AccountAbility.

•	

Specific	criteria	from	the	‘Core	Option’	

of the GRI Sustainability Reporting 

Standards (the “GRI Standards”) issued 

by the GRI.

InDEPEnDEnt lIMItED ASSUrAnCE rEPOrt In rElAtIOn tO 

nOBlE grOUP lIMItED’S SUStAInABIlItY rEPOrt 2018 

MAnAgEMEnt’S rESPOnSIBIlItY

The Report has been prepared by 

management of Noble (the “Management”), 

who are responsible for the collection 

and presentation of the information 

within the Report in accordance with the 

reporting criteria, namely the Principles in 

AA1000APS(2008),	and	the	specific	criteria	

from the ‘Core Option’ of the GRI Standards. 

Further, Noble’s management is 

responsible for establishing and maintaining 

internal controls relevant to the preparation 

and presentation of the information 

contained within the Report that is free from 

material misstatement, whether due to fraud 

or error, selecting and applying appropriate 

criteria, maintaining adequate records and 

making estimates that are reasonable in the 

circumstances. 

ASSUrAnCE PrACtItIOnEr’S rESPOnSIBIlItY

Our responsibility, in accordance with Noble 

management’s instructions, is to carry out 

a limited assurance engagement in respect 

of the Subject Matter contained within the 

Report, and to express a limited assurance 

conclusion based on our engagement.

Our assurance engagement has been 

planned and performed in accordance 

with International Standard on Assurance 

Engagements (ISAE) 3000 (Revised), 

Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or 

Reviews of Historical Financial Information, 

issued by the International Auditing and 

Assurance Standards Board and in accordance 

with the requirements of a Type 2 assurance 

engagement in AA1000 Assurance Standard 

2008 (“AA1000AS(2008)”) issued by 

AccountAbility. The reporting criteria as set 

out in the ‘Core Option’ of the GRI Standards 

and the Principles as set out in  AA1000APS 

(2008) have been used as criteria against 

which to evaluate the Report. 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

37

wOrK PErFOrMED 

The limited assurance procedures performed 

included, but were not limited to: 

•	

Conducting	a	site	visit	to	Noble’s	

headquarters in Hong Kong and 

interviewing selected business units and 

group level personnel to understand the 

current overall status of sustainability 

activities and the report information 

collection and compilation approach; 

•	

Determining	whether	material	topics	

and	performance	issues	identified	during	

our procedures had been adequately 

disclosed, by benchmarking against 

the key issues raised in external media 

reports, sustainability reports of Noble’s 

peers and Noble’s stakeholder dialogues; 

•	

Understanding	the	expectations	and	

needs of Noble’s major stakeholders, 

how Noble responds to these 

expectations and needs, and the 

communication channels between 

the stakeholders and Noble through 

interview and checking related 

supporting documents; 

•	

Performing	analytical	tests	and	detailed	

testing for material qualitative and 

quantitative information on a sample 

basis; 

•	

Checking	the	arithmetical	accuracy	of	

the calculations performed; 

•	

Checking	if	data	and	statements	

had been correctly transcribed from 

corporate systems and/or supporting 

evidence into the Report; 

•	

Sample	testing	of	reported	data,	

performance statements, claims and 

case studies in the Report, against the 

relevant reporting criteria as set out in 

GRI Standards; and 

•	

Assessing	Noble’s	disclosures	associated	

with the alignment to the Principles in 

AA1000APS(2008). 

InHErEnt lIMItAtIOnS 

There are inherent limitations in performing 

assurance. Assurance engagements are based 

on selective testing of the information being 

examined, and it is possible that fraud, error, 

or non-compliance may occur and not be 

detected. Adherence to AA1000APS(2008) 

and the GRI principles is subjective and 

will be interpreted differently by different 

stakeholder groups. 

Our assurance was limited to Noble’s 

Sustainability Report 2018. We have only 

sought evidence to support key information 

and data contained in the Report. We did not 

assess	the	accuracy	or	fairness	of	financial	

information or forward-looking statements 

made by the Management. 

lEVEl OF ASSUrAnCE

Our evidence gathering procedures have 

been designed to obtain a limited level of 

assurance (as set out in ISAE 3000) to draw 

our conclusion. The procedures conducted 

do not provide all the evidence that would 

be required in a reasonable assurance 

engagement and, accordingly, we do not 

express a reasonable assurance conclusion 

or an audit opinion, as the level of assurance 

obtained in a limited assurance engagement 

is substantially lower than the assurance 

that would be obtained had a reasonable 

assurance engagement been performed. 

While we considered the effectiveness of 

the Management’s internal controls when 

determining the nature and extent of our 

procedures, our review was not designed to 

provide assurance on internal controls. 

lIMItED ASSUrAnCE COnClUSIOn

Based on the limited assurance procedures 

specified	above,	nothing	has	come	to	our	

attention that causes us to believe that the 

Subject Matter has not been reported and 

presented fairly, in all material respects, in 

accordance with the applicable criteria.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018

38



USE OF rEPOrt 

Our responsibility in performing our 

assurance activities is to the directors of 

Noble only and in accordance with the 

terms of reference for this engagement 

as agreed with them. We do not therefore 

accept or assume any responsibility for any 

other purpose or to any other person or 

organisation. Any reliance any such third 

party may place on this report is entirely at 

its own risk. 

The applicable criteria are designed solely 

for the purpose of the preparation of the 

Subject Matter included in the Report and, as 

a result, the subject matter information may 

not be suitable for another purpose. 

InDEPEnDEnCE AnD QUAlItY COntrOl

We have complied with the independence 

and ethical requirements of the Code of 

Ethics for Professional Accountants issued 

by	the	Hong	Kong	Institute	of	Certified	

Public Accountants and the Code of Ethics 

issued by the International Ethics Standards 

Board for Accountants which are founded 

on fundamental principles of integrity, 

objectivity, professional competence and 

due	care,	confidentiality	and	professional	

behavior. 

Our	firm	applies	Hong	Kong	Standard	

on Quality Control (HKSQC) 1, “Quality 

Control for Firms that Perform Audits and 

Reviews of Historical Financial Information, 

and Other Assurance and Related Services 

Engagements” which conforms with 

International Standard on Quality Control 

(ISQC) 1, “Quality Control for Firms that 

Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical 

Financial Information, and other Assurance 

and Related Services Engagements”. 

Ernst &amp; Young

Hong Kong

31 May 2018


www.thisisnoble.com

