






1



CONTENT

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

12

16

18

21

ABOUT THIS REPORT

BOARD’S STATEMENT

OUR SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

CODE OF CONDUCT

SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT

ENGAGEMENT WITH OUR STAKEHOLDERS

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL

ENVIRONMENTAL

PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT

GRI CONTENT INDEX


NutryFarm International Limited     Sustainability Report 2020

2

About This Report

SCOPE OF THE REPORT

This is NutryFarm International Ltd’s (the “Group” or 

“NutryFarm”) third year in publishing its sustainability report 

publicly, covering the Group’s performance, initiatives and 

impact of its operations in the aspects of Environmental, 

Social and Governance (“ESG”). All data and activities 

reported were from 1 April 2019 to 30 September 2020  

(the “Reporting Period”) unless stated otherwise.

REPORTING FRAMEWORK

The report has been prepared in accordance with the  

Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards – Core option. 

The content of this report was defined by the four reporting 

principles established by GRI Standards: (1) Stakeholder 

Inclusiveness; (2) Sustainability Context; (3) Materiality; (4) 

Completeness. The Stakeholder Inclusiveness principle 

was implemented in determining the report context through 

various stakeholder engagements and internal discussions 

led by the Sustainability Committee. The Sustainability 

Context principle was implemented in determining the report 

context which covered the ESG aspects. The Materiality 

principle was implemented in determining the report context 

through stakeholder engagements and internal discussions. 

After which, all relevant factors were weighed according to 

their respective importance to stakeholders, as well as their 

impact on NutryFarm’s business. This combined assessment 

allows NutryFarm to identify and agree upon the appropriate 

material ESG aspects for the business. This report is 

developed with reference to the primary components set in 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited’s (SGX-ST) 

Listing Rule 711B on a ‘comply or explain’ basis. Unless 

otherwise stated, the report covers the ESG performance of 

the Group across its core operations in the People’s Republic 

of China (“PRC”).

REPORT CONTENT AND QUALITY

This report aims to provide you with an integrated overview of 

NutryFarm’s initiatives and strategies related to sustainability 

and responsible business development. Through these 

actions, we aim to address the key concerns and issues that 

NutryFarm’s stakeholders face. To ensure content quality, we 

have applied GRI’s principles of accuracy, balance, clarity, 

comparability, reliability and timeliness. All the data presented 

in the report use internationally accepted measurement units. 

Financial figures are presented in Hong Kong dollar unless 

otherwise stated.

AVAILABILITY

This report is released in PDF format, and is available 

for download via the SGX official website. As part of 

our continual efforts on improving the coverage of 

our sustainability practices in the report, we welcome 

stakeholders to submit their questions or feedback on  

any aspect of our sustainability performance to  

info@nutryfarm.com.












3

Board’s Statement

Dear Stakeholders,

We are proud to present our third Sustainability Report as we 

continue our efforts in delivering long-term sustainable value 

for all our stakeholders. Through this report, we also want 

to share with our stakeholders on the Group’s sustainability 

performance, as well as goals for the future. 

It has been a challenging year for the business due to the 

outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic and a myriad of other 

global issues, such as trade tensions and climate events. 

During this difficult period, NutryFarm has remained steadfast 

in our mission to delivering quality nutrition and health food 

products to our customers. We seek to navigating these 

difficult times with our employees, suppliers, customers and 

other stakeholders by incorporating sustainability practices at 

the core of our operations.

This year, in view of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have 

placed an even stronger emphasis in ensuring the health and 

safety of our employees by implementing a series of safe 

workplace measures and worked closely with local regulators 

to limit the spread of COVID-19 within the communities we 

operate in. We are pleased to see the remarkable efforts of 

our management in providing a safe work environment for 

employees during this trying period.

We have continued to innovate and work towards creating 

more products with the finest quality through our renowned 

research and development process. As at the end of the 

Reporting Period, we have 15 registered patents and 34 

approved product types. 

This Sustainability Report plays an important role in helping 

us increase transparency, accountability and progress 

towards sustainable growth. As we continue our sustainability 

journey, performance indicators and targets that are material 

to our business will be progressively reviewed and added. 

ACKNOWLEGDEMENTS

We would like to also take this opportunity to express our 

gratitude to the directors and business partners for their 

unwavering commitment and dedication this past year. 

We seek to continue to strengthen our engagement with 

stakeholders and improve our sustainability efforts and 

practices, to forge a long-term sustainable business.

On behalf of the board

Cheng Meng

Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer

NutryFarm International Limited 




























































NutryFarm International Limited     Sustainability Report 2020

4

Our Sustainability Statement













VISION, MISSION AND CORE VALUES

OWNERSHIP

We take great pride in our ability 

to meet what is required of us as 

a leading Group. This includes the 

quality of our nutrition and health food 

products, our overall Group growth 

and our obligation to the advancement 

and training of our employees.

GOOD MANAGEMENT

We seek innovation 

and continuous 

improvements in our 

business, work diligently 

to deliver on our plans 

and overcome obstacles.

MUTUAL RESPECT

We believe in conducting 

business in a respectful manner 

with all our stakeholders to 

gain and keep their confidence 

and trust in us.

HONESTY AND INTEGRITY

We operate in an open and 

honest manner with our 

stakeholders, in the spirit of 

creating long-term business 

relationships.

PROACTIVITY

We constantly work towards 

being the best we can be. 

We do this by continuously 

improving our efficiency, 

innovating our products and 

refining our efforts to win 

bigger market share.

VISION

To be a leading manufacturer

and distributor of nutrition

and health food products.

MISSION

To maintain a sound business

and to continually seek and

develop opportunities in

high-growth markets.

Our Sustainability Statement

NutryFarm International Limited     Sustainability Report 2020

4


5

Code of Conduct



Company and 

Individuals Mutually 

Benefit Each Other.

We advocate the spirit of ownership. We believe that doing the right thing will 

bring success to both the Group and individuals. Our common pursuit for success 

unites us.

We Respect and Trust 

Every Employee.

We truthfully reflect individual performance. We believe that every employee can and 

is willing to maximize their potential. We motivate and help employees to achieve 

higher expectations, standards and challenging goals.

We Focus Strategically 

on Our Work.

We have clear and common goals and strategies. We only do what will promote our 

business. We simplify, process and standardise existing work whenever possible to 

improve efficiency.

We Value Personal 

Growth and 

Development.

We encourage and expect employees to have excellent professional knowledge 

andskills. We believe that every employee will strive to continually improve 

themselves, help and develop others.

We Strive to Do 

Our Best.

We are good at drawing lessons from past successes and failures. We carefully 

measure our performance against the highest standards both inside and outside the 

company, and constantly revise and improve our efficiency. We strive to achieve the 

best in all strategic priorities of the company, departments and even individuals.

Innovation is The 

Cornerstone of Our 

Success.

We challenge stereotypes and develop new working methods to win greater success 

in the market. We attach great importance to product development and innovation, so 

as to meet consumer needs and guide consumer awareness. We constantly improve 

service awareness, and strive to provide better service for internal and external 

customers through various ways and means.

We Monitor Changes 

and Development of Our 

External Environment.

We strive to best understand consumers and their needs. To establish a successful 

brand image, we create and provide first-class products, advocate natural and 

healthy consumption. We develop close and mutually beneficial relationships with 

customers, suppliers and partners. Our products and operations have sustainability 

integrated in them.

A Mutually Dependent 

and Supportive Way of 

Working.

Our departments and regions trust and cooperate closely with each other. We are 

proud to offer good advice and methods to others. We are proud to share good 

ideas and suggestions with one another. We have established sincere and friendly 

relations with all parties contributing to the achievement of the company’s mission, 

including customers, consumers, partners and the government.


NutryFarm International Limited     Sustainability Report 2020

6

Sustainability Management

The Sustainability Committee that was set up in 2017 continue to fulfil their role in driving the sustainability efforts across 

departments and levels within the Group and provides strategic direction for managing sustainability-related risks and 

opportunities.

Feedback Loop

We have set up a feedback loop system to facilitate effective communications of our sustainability goals and performances 

and the expectations of our stakeholders.

Board of Directors 

Chief Executive Officer

Decision making and of 

vision and policies

Execution and co-ordination to 

implement policies

Oversee various aspects in accordance 

to the Group’s sustainability strategy

Functional Departments

Business Departments

Production

Sustainability 

committee

Actual End 

results

Goals Setting

Stakeholders

Feedback

Employees 

and Business 

Operations

Sales

Finance

Admin &amp; Human Resource




7

Engagement With Our Stakeholders

NutryFarm believes that sustainable growth of the Group is dependent on meeting and exceeding the expectations of our 

stakeholders. We identify key stakeholders as groups which have material impact or could potentially be impacted by our 

operations and engage our stakeholders regularly through various communication platforms, constantly seeking to address 

their issues and concerns. The following table summarizes our key stakeholders, engagement platforms, frequency of 

communication and their key concerns.

Stakeholder

Engagement channels

Frequency

Key Feedback/ Issue

Employees

Performance appraisals

Annual

• Health and safety

• Employee learning and 

development opportunities

• Staff benefits

Employee training and development

Ad-hoc

Communicate Group’s policies and practices 

including code of conduct

Annually

Customers

Customer feedback from corporate hotline, 

inquiry form on official website and through 

our official sales agents over the counters

Ad-hoc

• Product safety and hygiene 

• Transparency in product labelling

• Product quality

Suppliers

Supplier meetings

Ad-hoc

• Fair and robust procurement 

system

• Prompt payment cycles

Investors

Annual extraordinary/ general meetings

Annual

• Business strategy and outlook

• Corporate governance

• Timely and transparent reporting

SGX announcements and media releases

Ad-hoc

Annual report and sustainability report

Annual

Group website

Ad-hoc

Government

Correspondences through email and letters

Ad-hoc

• Compliance with laws and 

regulations

• Corporate governance

Meetings, briefings and regular reporting

Ad-hoc

The Community

Sustainability report

Annual

• Safe and sustainable 

environment


NutryFarm International Limited     Sustainability Report 2020

8

Materiality Assessment

Through the various channels of communications and feedback received, we carried out materiality analysis to identify 

sustainability issues that are important to our business and stakeholders. This assessment analyses and prioritizes stakeholder 

and market need to help us channel our resources more effectively as we make progress in achieving the long-term 

sustainability of our business.

The materiality review considered under the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) guidelines and the topics are prioritized using a 

materiality matrix. The matrix considers the potential impact and relevance of each topic on our business and its importance to 

stakeholders.

Our review focuses on 4 key aspects with 7 identified material topics. For each material topic, we report on the relevance 

of it to our business and stakeholders, and the measures in place to address it. There is no newly added material topics as 

compared to materiality assessment carried out in 2019 given that there is no major change in our business and operations as 

well as the environment that we operate in.

2020 Sustainability Materiality Assessment

Importance to Stakeholders

Significance to the business

Conservation of 

Energy and Water

Employee Training and Development

Talent Attraction 

and Retention

Sustainable Supply Chain

Regulatory Compliance

Consumer Health 

and Safety

Effluents and Waste

Governance

Social

Environmental

Product Development


9

Governance

We uphold the belief that sound corporate governance practices are essential in fostering an ethical culture, thereby 

safeguarding the interests of all stakeholders. We have implemented a robust governance framework to maintain the 

integrity, transparency, accountability and discipline in all our practices. We are committed to comply with all legal and 

regulatory requirements in the jurisdictions that we operate in, and thus building a building a positive corporate image 

through exemplary corporate governance and business ethics. Throughout the reporting period, we have focused on 

maintaining good corporate governance practices.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) oversees the compliance of our corporate governance framework with the principles 

and guidelines of the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the “CG Code”) issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore 

(“MAS”). The Board and Senior Management is also dedicated to conducting business with integrity consistently, setting the 

tone at the top.

In order to assist in the execution of the Board’s responsibilities, the Board has set up three committees namely the 

Nominating Committee (“NC”), Remuneration Committee (“RC”) and the Audit Committee (“AC”). The composition of the 

Board is reviewed annually to ensure an appropriate mix of diversity, expertise and experience. A performance evaluation 

process where the effectiveness of the Board as a whole and Board Committees as a whole is carried out annually.

ANTI-CORRUPTION PRACTICES AND WHISTLEBLOWING 

We adopt a firm stance bribery and have zero tolerance towards corruption and fraud. Our commitment and values are 

guided by our code of conduct for directors and employees and other policies and procedures. 

No anti-corruption training has been provided for directors and employees in the Reporting Period. But the Group will be 

looking into providing such training for directors and employees in the upcoming year.

During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any material non-compliance with the relevant laws and 

regulations of bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.

A whistleblowing policy has been implemented to help employees who have concerns over any wrong-doing within our 

Group relating to unlawful conduct, financial malpractice or dangers to our Group, the public or the environment. Employees 

may report any suspected reportable conduct to the Chairman of the AC and/or member of the AC. All disclosures will 

be treated in a confidential manner, protecting the identity of the employee that made the disclosure so as to encourage 

employees to report any suspicious activities without fear of reprisal. For the reporting period, we have not received any 

whistleblowing reports.


NutryFarm International Limited     Sustainability Report 2020

10

Governance

RISK MANAGEMENT

Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) is a risk framework put in place by the Board of Directors and Management to identify 

and address potential events that pose risks to the achievement of business objectives. Emphasis has been placed on proper 

risk management to ensure the long-term sustainability of our business. On an annual basis, the Management will carry out 

an ERM exercise that identifies and assess emerging and existing risks and thereafter implement suitable risk responses in 

accordance to our risk appetite. The Group’s ERM framework is aligned and integrated to its strategic, objectives to maximize  

shareholder value. All significant risk information is communicated to the Board and Audit Committee on periodic basis.

Our risk committee members and their respective roles and responsibilities are tabled as follows:

Some of the identified key risks are as follow:

I) Operational Risk

NutryFarm is susceptible to supply chain disruptions which comprise of sourcing of products and packaging, marketing 

and sales to end-consumers. This includes planning and control systems, our in-house standard operating procedures 

updated with current practices and management expectations, our information technology systems, reporting and monitoring 

procedures. Operational risk may result in delay in production and inability to meet customer demand. As such, we have 

ensured that appropriate measures and actions are taken to mitigate potential risks.

Risk committee member

Roles and responsibilities

Board

• Exercises oversight of the key risk areas in the Group’s business

• Set the overall strategic direction in the identification and assessment of risks

• Ensuring that decisions and strategies adopted are in line with the risk 

management tolerances of the Group

Audit Committee

• Reviews the effectiveness of the Group’s system of internal controls in light of 

key business and financial risks affecting its businesses through discussion 

with Management and the auditor

Management

• Regularly reviews the Group’s business and operational activities to identify 

areas of significant business risk

• Reviews all significant control policies and procedures and highlights all 

significant matters to the Directors and the Audit Committee


11

Governance

II) Regulatory Risk

As a manufacturer and distributor of nutrition and health food products, NutryFarm is exposed to regulatory risk as it is 

required to comply with regulations such as the China’s National Food Safety Standard for Food Additive Use (GB2760-2014), 

National Food Safety Standard of General Hygiene Regulations for Food Production (GB14881-2013) and National Standard 

for Health Food (GB 16740-2014). We strive to comply to the regulations and to constantly improve our product quality 

standards, by adhering to strict quality assurance procedures based on the requirements under various certifications. 

III) Financial Risk

The Group has identified the various financial risks, details of which are found on pages 89 of the FY2020 Annual Report. We 

seek to continually improve risk awareness within the Organization and to communicate the expected behavior expected from 

employees. For more information on the Group’s corporate governance framework and policies, please refer to the Report on 

Corporate Governance included in the FY2020 Annual Report. 

In the table below, we demonstrate how we have fared against our corporate governance targets in FY2019 as well as our 

target action plan for FY2020.

Corporate Governance Performance in FY2020

FY2020 Target 

Performance Update

Zero non-compliance breaches

Achieved zero non-compliance breaches.

Zero incidents of bribery or 

corruptions

Achieved zero incidents of bribery or corruptions.

Corporate Governance Performance for FY2021

FY2021 Target 

Action Plan

Zero non-compliance breaches

• Ensure 100% compliance to all relevant and material regulatory requirements 

and applicable industrial standards in the jurisdictions that we operate in.

• Strict implementation of the Group’s product quality management system.

Zero incidents of bribery or 

corruptions

• Continue to seek to assess the nature and extent of Group’s exposure to the 

risks of internal and external fraud, bribery and corruption.

• Require all staff to immediately report any incidents or suspicions of fraud, 

bribery or corruption to an appropriate management personnel.


NutryFarm International Limited     Sustainability Report 2020

12

Social

At NutryFarm, we believe that investing in human capital is fundamental to the Group’s long-term success. We strive to create 

a conducive work environment, and is committed to fairness and equality for all our employees.

 

EMPLOYEE TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT 

We are committed to the holistic development of our employees and equipping them with skills to contribute effectively to the 

Group’s performance. 

 

All full-time employees undergo an annual performance review where there is an open discussion on the staff’s performance, 

areas for improvement, and developmental needs. The management work closely with our employees through coaching and 

provision of on-the-job exposures to enhance their capabilities. We will be looking to track our employee’s training hours in the 

subsequent year.

 

FAIR EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES

We adopt fair employment practices, and reward employees with a comprehensive and competitive compensation and benefit 

package. We had complied with all local manpower regulatory requirements, such as the “Labour Law of the PRC (the “Labour 

Law”) and the “Law on Labour contract of PRC” (“Law on Labour Contract”), and there was no reported non-compliance 

during the Reporting Period that the Group is aware of.

 

All employees are given equitable career growth opportunities at the Group. Employees are recruited based on merit, such as 

skills, experience and ability. A set of stringent selection criteria to evaluate candidates that best fit the Group’s culture, values 

and needs has been established. 

We have also established feedback and grievances channels to raise any concerns faced during their course of work. During 

the Reporting Period, there were no significant concerns that was raised.

DIVERSITY IN OUR WORKPLACE

We aim to create a collaborative workplace environment and see great strength in the diversity of workforce, regardless of the 

gender, age, sexual orientation or religious backgrounds. 

 

In addition, we firmly condemn all forms of workplace discrimination, physical or verbal harassment based on race, religion, 

colour, gender, physical or mental disability, age, place of origin, marital status, and sexual orientation. 


13

Social

Our employment profile is as follows:





EMPLOYEE BY AGE GROUP

0

20

10

30

40

50

60

13

12

54

Below 30

30-50

Over 50

0

4

8

6

10

12

14

16

EMPLOYEE PROFILE

4

14

8

Senior Management

Executive

Non-executive

EMPLOYEE DEMOGRAPHICS

Male

Female

Our colleagues working at the office and manufacturing plant 

(Source: Nutryfarm)

65%

35%


NutryFarm International Limited     Sustainability Report 2020

14

Social



TALENT ATTRACTION AND RETENTION

We offer our employees a comprehensive and competitive remuneration and benefit package to attract and retain talents. We 

attach great importance to equity in remuneration for both genders, providing fair and competitive compensation regardless of 

race, gender and nationality.

The Group strictly abides by the provisions of relevant regulatory requirements of the Labour Law and the Law on Labour 

Contract in the provision of rights and benefits of our employees.

Apart from our basic compensations, the Group also provides welfare and benefits such as medical benefits, as well as annual 

leaves to all employees. Additional types of leaves that the employees are entitled to includes urgent leave, marriage leave, 

compassionate leave, maternity leave as well as breastfeeding time off for female employees with children below one-year-old. 

We also offer annual health check-ups to our full-time employees. 

We closely monitor the movement of our workforce and performs exit interviews to gather feedbacks from resignees to better 

improve our human resource practices. For the reporting period, the employee turnover rate is 7.6%.

 

HEALTH AND SAFETY

NutryFarm is committed to taking proactive steps in ensuring that occupational hazards and safety risks are reduced or 

eliminated, where possible, to provide employees with a safe and healthy working environment. During the reporting period, 

there was no instance of employee incident or fatality.

 

We seek to comply with all local health and safety regulations, such as the Law of the PRC on Work Safety (“Work Safety 

Law”) and the Law of the PRC on Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases (“Occupational Diseases Control Law”). 

For the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any material non-compliance with health and safety-related laws and 

regulations.

 

TEAM BUILDING 

Nutryfarm prioritises team building to help strengthen team work, communication and trust amongst employees. Employees 

will better understand the strengths and weaknesses of other employees which will help them work better together. Annual 

team building events are held to promote bonding between our employees.





2020 team building exercise conducted for Nutryfarm employees (Source: Nutryfarm)


15

Social

MANAGING THE IMPACTS OF COVID-19

The spread of the COVID-19 pandemic has restricted operations at our production facilities during the lockdown period. 

However, the lockdown has minimal impact on our production and supply due to the reserve stock and raw material we 

maintain at our warehouse. 

We are mainly affected by the slowdown in demand for our products due to the slowdown in global economic activities. We 

have adopted prudent cash flow management to ensure sufficient working capital during the affected period.

Following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group has placed great emphasis in ensuring the well-being of our 

employees and doing our part to limit the spread of COVID-19 within the communities we operate in. We have worked closely 

and fully complied with regulations imposed by the local government.

The following are some measures that were implemented in view of the COVID-19 pandemic:

• 

Employees are required to take temperature and don on mask prior entering the office. 

• 

Surgical masks are provided to all employees by the Group. 

• 

Temperature taking exercise is performed daily and mandatory for all employees.  

• 

Employee who is not feeling well will be asked to return home.

• 

Office premises and common areas are labelled and cordoned-off to ensure safe social distance.

• 

Hand sanitiser and medical-grade mask are made readily available for our employees.

• 

There is regular building disinfection performed by building management staff.

• 

Employees are encouraged to work from home where possible.

Corporate Governance Performance in FY2020

FY2020 Target 

Performance Update

Zero employee incidents and fatalities

Achieved zero employee incidents and fatalities

Zero cases of non-compliance with health 

and safety

Achieved zero cases of non-compliance with health and safety

To achieve at least 13 average man hours of 

training for our employees

Due to the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have yet to fully 

implement our training programme and will be looking to track training 

hours in the upcoming years.

Corporate Governance Performance for FY2021

FY2021 Target 

Action Plan

Zero employee incidents and fatalities

• Safety remains as our topmost priority and we will ensure that all 

safety guidelines are strictly adhered by our employees.

Zero cases of non-compliance with health 

and safety

• Our Human Resources will constantly update themselves and comply 

with any new labour laws and regulations.

To achieve at least 13 average man hours of 

training for our employees

• Begin tracking of training hours and identify employees’ training 

needs through annual appraisal sessions.


NutryFarm International Limited     Sustainability Report 2020

16

Environmental

With increased global awareness on environmental issues, NutryFarm aims to ensure that manufacturing process of products 

and business processes are environmentally sustainable. We constantly review the adequacy of our environmental strategy 

against the emerging risks and opportunities. NutryFarm is committed to reduce the environment footprint and to build 

operational resilience to environmental changes. 

ENERGY AND WATER CONSERVATION 

NutryFarm inculcates an environmentally friendly culture to help reduce the carbon footprint through little acts. Some of 

which includes constant reminders to employees to switch off the lights and tap when not in use, re-use office paper, and 

encouraging employees to minimize wastage of water during maintenance and cleaning of machineries and equipment. 

Nutryfarm places great emphasis on staff active engagement resource conservation by participating in environmental 

conservation and reporting of non-compliance to environmental laws and regulations. 

Management will continually monitor the water and electricity consumption. The water and electricity consumption at our 

manufacturing plant and offices during the Reporting Period are as depicted in the following graphs:

Apr-19

Apr-19

0

0

200

10000

400

20000

600

30000

40000

800

50000

1000

60000

1200

70000

May-19

May-19

Jun-19

Jun-19

Jul-19

Jul-19

Aug-19

Aug-19

Sep-19

Sep-19

Oct-19

Oct-19

Nov-19

Nov-19

Dec-19

Dec-19

Jan-20

Jan-20

Feb-20

Feb-20

Mar-20

Mar-20

Apr-20

Apr-20

May-20

May-20

Jun-20

Jun-20

Aug-20

Aug-20

Jul-20

Jul-20

Sep-20

Sep-20

WATER CONSUMPTION

ELECTRICITY CONSUMPTION

Month

Month

Tonnes (t)

Kilowatt-hours (kWh)

Water Consumption

Electricity Consumption


17

Environmental

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE

As part of our commitment to environmental preservation, we have put in concerted efforts to make waste management a part 

of our operations and processes. NutryFarm strives to reduce and minimize waste production during manufacturing. 

Nutryfarm implements proper disposal channels to segregate all waste into the different designated waste categories (i.e. 

recyclable and non-recyclable). 

To ensure that the by-products of our manufacturing activities are properly disposed of, NutryFarm engages reputable waste 

management and disposal company to collect, treat and dispose the waste. No hazardous waste is produced in the course of 

our production.

There were no incidences of non-compliance and/or fines pertaining to environmental regulations being imposed on Nutryfarm 

in FY2020. NutryFarm strives to ensure that the Group maintains in compliance with all relevant environmental regulations. 

Environment Performance in FY2020

FY2020 Target 

Performance Update

Zero leaks of waste and effluents

There is no incident of waste and effluents leakage.

Zero incidents of environmental non-

compliance

There is no incident of environmental non-compliance.

Environment Target for FY2021

FY2021 Target 

Action Plan

Zero leaks of waste and effluents

• Ensure proper and timely maintenance of all equipment and facilities.

• Continue to engage external vendor to properly treat and dispose by-

product waste and effluents.

• Assess external vendors to ensure that the waste is disposed 

according to local government environmental requirements.

Zero incidents of environmental non-

compliance

• Employees are to enforce stringent checks on the manufacturing 

processes and to inform the health and safety team of any leakages 

or non-compliance incidents.


NutryFarm International Limited     Sustainability Report 2020

18

Product Development

Consumers have trusted the NutryFarm brand for safe, high quality products to supplement their lifestyle and dietary 

requirements. We are committed to implement comprehensive quality controls and processes at every stage of our production 

to deliver quality products to consumers.

CONSUMER HEALTH AND SAFETY

All NutryFarm’s products, including their raw materials and ingredients are fully compliant with local regulations, including the 

standards defined by PRC’s National Food Safety Standard for Food Additive Use, National Food Safety Standard on Food 

Labelling of Pre-packaged Special Diet and General Hygiene Regulation for Food Production.

In FY2019, we have renewed our Food Production License as required under the Food Safety Law in PRC. Our license is valid 

until 13 December 2021.

We are committed to conducting responsible, safe and sustainable research and development that respects the concerns 

of our consumers and community. Prior to the purchase of our raw materials and imported products, NutryFarm will perform 

product tests to ensure that these materials and products meets all food safety and regulatory requirements. 

We also conduct visits to suppliers’ manufacturing plants to perform inspection on the environment and manufacturing 

processes, ensuring that the suppliers meet the Group’s requirements, as well as all relevant regulatory requirements. 

FEEDBACK AND COMPLAINT MANAGEMENT

The Group welcomes all feedbacks from customers as it is necessary to improving our products. Procedures for handling 

feedbacks are established. Feedbacks are recorded in detail and appropriate follow-up actions are taken promptly. 

 

During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any complaints received.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS MANAGEMENT

We have a comprehensive intellectual property strategy and management to protect our patents. As at the end of the 

Reporting Period, NutryFarm holds a total of 15 patents in PRC for our product formulas, ingredients extraction method, 

packaging and design. We work closely with legal consultants to ensure compliance with the requirements of the Patent Law 

of the PRC, the Rules for the implementation of the Patent law of the PRC and the PRC’s Enterprise Intellectual Property 

Management Standards.

 

We also closely monitor the business environment for any infringements on our intellectual property rights and takes prompt 

measures to address the issue. During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any material infringement of relevant 

laws and regulations relating to intellectual property rights, marketing and labelling.


19

Product Development

QUALITY ASSURANCE 

To deliver high quality and safe food products to consumers, the Group has established a quality assurance team to oversee 

the overall production and product quality. The following is the structure of our Production Department.

Production Department

Quality Assurance 

Department

Facilities Management 

Department

Logistics Department

The roles and responsibilities of each department is as follows:

• 

Production department oversees overall quality assurance and production system.

• 

Facilities Management department ensures that the facilities are calibrated and maintained to ensure smooth production 

process and quality products.

• 

Logistics department conducts inspections based on our quality standards for ingredients and finished goods.

• 

Quality Assurance department exercises quality supervision and testing on the production process. 

 

Our quality assurance process is as follows:

Formulating and 

establishing quality 

system and strategies

Implement 

quality system

Ensuring the effective 

implementation of quality 

management system

Follow standard 

procedures in place

Monitor 

production 

process


NutryFarm International Limited     Sustainability Report 2020

20

Product Development

SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

NutryFarm aims to promote sustainability in our supply chain, and appoint responsible and ethical suppliers. Potential vendors 

undergo a comprehensive procurement process to ensure that quality suppliers are selected based on their price, value, 

business ethics, and compliance with applicable socioeconomic and environmental regulations. 

We also regularly evaluate our key suppliers’ performance to determine whether to extend our partnership with them. Such 

review process ensures alignment of our key vendors’ services and products to our business and sustainability objectives, as 

well as ensure consistency in the quality of the material received.

We adopt a firm stance against all forms of business bribery and discrimination against any suppliers.

COVID-19 has posed a direct impact on the global supply chain. Due to the rapid spread of COVID-19, many countries 

have imposed lockdowns resulting in poor freight connectivity, delays or shortages in obtaining the necessary raw materials. 

However, there are no significant disruptions to the Group’s supply chain. We have diversified the supply base for critical 

materials across our approved suppliers to minimize potential business disruption in the event of supply chain disruption. 

Further, we have maintained sufficient reserve of raw materials for continued production.

Environment Target for FY2021

FY2021 Target 

Action Plan

Zero case of non-compliance to regulatory 

requirements for food safety.

• Continue efforts in quality assurance and production supervision to 

deliver high quality products to consumers.

Zero case of non-compliance to regulatory 

requirements for intellectual property rights, 

marketing and labelling. 

• Work closely with legal consultants and regularly review business 

environment for changes in regulatory requirements.


21

GRI Content Index

GRI Standard

 Disclosure Title

Page Reference &amp; Remarks

ORGANIZATIONAL PROFILE

Disclosure 102-1

Name of the Organization

About this Report

Disclosure 102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

Corporate Profile, Annual Report

Disclosure 102-3

Location of headquarters

Corporate Information, Annual Report

Disclosure 102-4

Location of operations

About NutryFarm, Annual Report

Disclosure 102-5

Ownership and legal form

About NutryFarm, Annual Report

Disclosure 102-6

Markets served

About NutryFarm, Annual Report

Disclosure 102-7

Scale of the Organization

About NutryFarm, Annual Report 

Disclosure 102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Social, Diversity in Our Workplace

Disclosure 102-9

Supply Chain

Product Development, Supply Chain Management 

Disclosure 102-10

Significant changes to the organization and its supply 

chain

No significant change to organization and supply 

chain

Disclosure 102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

We do not explicitly refer to the precautionary 

approach or principle in our risk management 

framework. We seek to make contributions by 

generating profits responsibly.

Disclosure 102-12

External initiatives

None

Disclosure 102-13

Membership of associations

None

STRATEGY

Disclosure 102-14

Statement from senior decision maker

CEO’s Message, Annual Report; Board’s Statement

Disclosure 102-15

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

CEO’s Message, Annual Report; Governance, Risk 

Management

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY

Disclosure 102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour

Corporate Profile, Annual Report

Disclosure 102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics

Corporate Governance Report, Annual Report

GOVERNANCE

Disclosure 102-18

Governance structure

Corporate Governance Report, Annual Report 

Sustainability Management

Disclosure 102-19

Delegating authority

Sustainability Management

Disclosure 102-20

Executive-level responsibility for economic, 

environmental, and social topics

Stakeholder Engagement

Disclosure 102-21

Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental 

and social topics

Engagement with Stakeholders

Disclosure 102-22

Composition of the highest governance body and its 

committee

Corporate Governance Report, Annual Report


NutryFarm International Limited     Sustainability Report 2020

22

GRI Content Index

GRI Standard

 Disclosure Title

Page Reference &amp; Remarks

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

Disclosure 102-23

Chair of the highest governance body

Corporate Governance Report, Annual Report 

Governance, Corporate Governance

Disclosure 102-24

Nominating and selecting the highest governance body

Corporate Governance Report, Annual Report 

Governance, Corporate Governance

Disclosure 102-25

Conflicts of interest

Corporate Governance Report, Annual Report 

Governance, Corporate Governance

Disclosure 102-26

Role of highest governance body in setting purposes, 

values, and strategy

Corporate Governance Report, Annual Report 

Governance, Corporate Governance

Disclosure 102-27

Collective knowledge of highest governance body

Corporate Governance Report, Annual Report 

Governance, Corporate Governance

Disclosure 102-28

Evaluating the highest governance body’s performance

Corporate Governance Report, Annual Report 

Governance, Corporate Governance

Disclosure 102-29

Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and 

social impacts

Sustainability Management

Disclosure 102-30

Effectiveness of risk management process

Governance, Risk Management

Disclosure 102-31

Review of economic, environmental, and social topics

Materiality Assessment

Disclosure 102-32

Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting

Sustainability Management

Disclosure 102-33

Communicating critical concerns

Engagement with Stakeholders; Governance, 

Whistleblowing

Disclosure 102-34

Nature and total number of critical concerns

Engagement with Stakeholders

Disclosure 102-35

Remuneration policies

Corporate Government Report- Procedures for 

Developing Remuneration Policies, Annual Report 

Disclosure 102-36

Process for determining remuneration

Corporate Government Report- Procedures for 

Developing Remuneration Policies, Annual Report

Disclosure 102-37

Stakeholders’ involvement in remuneration

Corporate Government Report- Procedures for 

Developing Remuneration Policies, Annual Report

Disclosure 102-38

Annual total compensation ratio

We choose not to disclose as we reward based on 

meritocracy.

Disclosure 102-39

Percentage increase in annual total compensation ratio

We choose not to disclose as we reward based on 

meritocracy.

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Disclosure 102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Engagement with Stakeholders

Disclosure 102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

None of our employees have joined trade union

Disclosure 102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Engagement with Stakeholders

Disclosure 102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Engagement with Stakeholders

Disclosure 102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Engagement with Stakeholders


23

GRI Content Index

GRI Standard

 Disclosure Title

Page Reference &amp; Remarks

REPORTING PRACTICE

Disclosure 102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

Notes to Financial Statements- Subsidiaries, Annual 

Report

Disclosure 102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

Materiality Assessment

Disclosure 102-47

List of material topics

Materiality Assessment

Disclosure 102-48

Restatements of information

None

Disclosure 102-49

Changes in reporting

None

Disclosure 102-50

Reporting period

About This Report

Disclosure 102-51

Date of most recent report

31 March 2019

Disclosure 102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

Disclosure 102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

About This Report

Disclosure 102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards

About This Report

Disclosure 102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index

Disclosure 102-56

External assurance

Not sought

MANAGEMENT APPROACH

Disclosure 103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Social, Employee Training and Development; Social, 

Talent Attraction and Retention; Social, Health 

and Safety; Environmental, Energy and Water 

Conservation; Environmental, Effluents and Waste; 

Product Development, Supply Chain Management; 

Product Development, Consumer Health and Safety

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

Disclosure 201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

Financial Review, Annual Report

Disclosure 201-2

Financial implications and other risks and 

opportunities due to climate change

Not applicable, Group’s operations not 

significantly affected by climate changes.

Disclosure 201-3

Defined benefit plan obligations and other 

retirement plans

Not applicable

Disclosure 201-4

Financial assistance received from government

No financial assistance received in our 

reporting period.  

MARKET PRESENCE

Disclosure 202-1

Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender 

compared to local minimum wage

Not reported as the salaries of all employees 

exceed the local minimum wages. 

Disclosure 202-2

Proportion of senior management hired from the 

local community

Management Team, Annual Report 


NutryFarm International Limited     Sustainability Report 2020

24

GRI Content Index

GRI Standard

 Disclosure Title

Page Reference &amp; Remarks

INDIRECT ECONOMIC IMPACTS

Disclosure 203-1

Infrastructure investments and services supported

None in our reporting report.

Disclosure 203-2

Significant indirect economic impacts

Not applicable as our business does not have 

significant indirect economic impact.  

PROCUREMENT PRACTICES

Disclosure 204-1

Proportion of spending on local suppliers

Financial Review, Annual Report

ANTI-CORRUPTION

Disclosure 205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption

No risk assessment performed related to 

corruption. But the Group has been fully 

compliant with all relevant anti-corruption and 

bribery laws.

Disclosure 205-2

Communication and training about anti-corruption 

policies and procedures

Governance, Anti-Corruption Practices and 

Whistleblowing

Disclosure 205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken

No reported cases during the reporting period.  

ANTI-COMPETITIVE BEHAVIOUR

Disclosure 206-1

Legal actions for anti-competitive behaviour, anti-

trust, and monopoly practices

No reported cases during the reporting period.  

MATERIALS

Disclosure 301-1

Materials used by weight or volume

Not tracked, but the Group will look at 

maintaining records for future reporting.

Disclosure 301-2

Recycled input materials used

Not applicable, as operations does not use 

recycled input materials.

Disclosure 301-3

Reclaimed products and their packaging materials

Not applicable to the Group’s business

ENERGY

Disclosure 302-1

Energy consumption within the organization

Environmental, Energy and Water Conservation

Disclosure 302-2

Energy consumption outside of the organization

Not applicable to the Group’s business

Disclosure 302-3

Energy intensity

Environmental, Energy and Water Conservation

Disclosure 302-4

Reduction of energy consumption

Environmental, Energy and Water Conservation

Disclosure 302-5

Reductions in energy requirements of products 

and services

Not applicable to the Group’s business

WATER

Disclosure 303-1

Water withdrawal by source

Not applicable, all water are source from utility 

organizations.

Disclosure 303-2

Water sources significantly affected by withdrawal 

of water

Not applicable


25

GRI Content Index

GRI Standard

 Disclosure Title

Page Reference &amp; Remarks

Disclosure 303-3

Water recycled and reused

Not applicable

Disclosure 303-4

Water discharge

Not applicable, no significant water discharge 

from operations.

Disclosure 303-5

Water consumption

Environmental, Energy and Water Conservation

BIODIVERSITY

Disclosure 304-1

Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or 

adjacent to, protected areas and areas of high 

biodiversity value outside protected areas

Not applicable as our offices and project 

development sites are not carried out in 

protected areas and areas of high biodiversity.

Disclosure 304-2

Significant impacts of activities, products, and 

services on biodiversity

Disclosure 304-3

Habitats protected or restored

Disclosure 304-4

IUCN Red List species and national conservation 

list species with habitats in areas affected by 

operations

EMISSIONS

Disclosure 305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Not applicable, as operations do not have 

significant GHG and hazardous emissions.

Disclosure 305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

Disclosure 305-3

Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions

Disclosure 305-4

GHG emissions intensity

Disclosure 305-5

Reduction of GHG emissions

Disclosure 305-6

Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS)

Disclosure 305-7

Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulphur oxides (SOX), and 

other significant air emissions

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE

Disclosure 306-1

Water discharge by quality and destination

Not reported as our business does not have 

significant water discharge. 

Disclosure 306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

Environmental, Effluents and Waste

Waste amount is not tracked. But there is no 

hazardous waste produced in our operations 

and the Group will look into tracking amount of 

waste disposed for future reporting.

Disclosure 306-3

Significant spills

Our business does not have significant spills. 

Disclosure 306-4

Transport of hazardous waste

Not applicable as our business does not 

generate hazardous wastes. 

Disclosure 306-5

Water bodies affected by water discharges and/

or runoff

No water bodies affected by water discharge 

from our operations.  


NutryFarm International Limited     Sustainability Report 2020

26

GRI Content Index

GRI Standard

 Disclosure Title

Page Reference &amp; Remarks

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

Disclosure 307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations

No reported cases in the reporting period

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE

Disclosure 308-1

New suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria

No new contractors/suppliers during the 

reporting period.

Disclosure 308-2

Negative environmental impacts in the supply 

chain and actions taken

No new contractors/suppliers during the 

reporting period.

EMPLOYMENT

Disclosure 401-1

New employee hires and employee turnover

Social, Talent Attraction and Retention

Disclosure 401-2

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are 

not provided to temporary or part-time employees

Social, Talent Attraction and Retention

Disclosure 401-3

Parental leave

Social, Talent Attraction and Retention

LABOUR/ MANAGEMENT RELATIONS

Disclosure 402-1

Minimum notice periods regarding operational 

changes

Not applicable as there are not any significant 

operational changes during the reporting 

period.

Disclosure 403-1

Workers representation in formal joint 

management–worker health and safety 

committees

Not applicable as the Group does not have a 

health and safety committee.  

Disclosure 403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number 

of work-related fatalities

No reported cases of workplace injury or 

casualty during the reporting period.  

Disclosure 403-3

Workers with high incidence or high risk of 

diseases related to their occupation

Not applicable as our business do not expose 

workers to high risk of diseases. 

Disclosure 403-4

Health and safety topics covered in formal 

agreements with trade unions

Not applicable as there are no formal 

agreement with trade unions. 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

Disclosure 403-5

Worker training on occupational health and safety

Social, Health and Safety

Disclosure 403-6

Promotion of worker health

Social, Health and Safety

Disclosure 403-7

Prevention and mitigation of occupational health 

and safety impacts directly linked by business 

relationships

Social, Health and Safety

Disclosure 403-8

Workers covered by an occupational health and 

safety management system

Social, Health and Safety

Disclosure 403-9

Work-related injuries

No reported cases of work-related injuries 

during the reporting period. 

Disclosure 403-10

Work-related ill health

No reported cases of work-related ill health 

during the reporting period. 


27

GRI Content Index

GRI Standard

 Disclosure Title

Page Reference &amp; Remarks

TRAINING AND EDUCATION

Disclosure 404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

We have not commenced tracking of 

employee’s training hours. We will be looking 

to commence tracking of employee training 

hours in the upcoming year.

Disclosure 404-2

Programs for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programs

Social, Employee Training and Development

Disclosure 404-3

Percentage of employees receiving regular 

performance and career development reviews

100%

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY

Disclosure 405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

We choose not to disclose as we reward based 

on meritocracy.

Disclosure 405-2

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women 

to men

We choose not to disclose as we reward based 

on meritocracy.

NON-DISCRIMINATION

Disclosure 406-1

Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions 

taken

No indication of occurrence during the 

reporting period.

FREEDOM OF ASSOCIATION AND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING 

Disclosure 407-1

Operations and suppliers in which the right to 

freedom of association and collective bargaining 

may be at risk

No indication of occurrence during the 

reporting period.

CHILD LABOUR

Disclosure 408-1

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 

incidents of child labour

No indication of occurrence during the 

reporting period.

FORCED AND COMPULSORY LABOUR

Disclosure 409-1

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 

incidents of forced or compulsory labour

No indication of occurrence during the 

reporting period.

SECURITY PRACTICES

Disclosure 410-1

Security personnel trained in human rights policies 

or procedures. 

Not applicable as security is outsourced and 

not relevant to our operations.

RIGHTS OF INDIGENOUS PEOPLE

Disclosure 411-1 

Incidents of violations involving rights of 

indigenous peoples

Not applicable as our Group do not involve 

interactions with indigenous people. 

HUMAN RIGHTS ASSESSMENT

Disclosure 412-1

Operations that have been subject to human rights 

reviews or impact assessments

No impact review performed for human rights. 

But the Group has been fully compliant with all 

relevant manpower regulations.

Disclosure 412-2

Employee training on human rights policies or 

procedures

No training provided on human rights policies 

and procedures.


NutryFarm International Limited     Sustainability Report 2020

28

GRI Content Index

GRI Standard

 Disclosure Title

Page Reference &amp; Remarks

Disclosure 412-3

Significant investment agreements and contracts 

that include human rights clauses or that 

underwent human rights screening

No such agreements during the reporting 

period. 

LOCAL COMMUNITIES

Disclosure 413-1

Operations with local community engagement, 

impact assessments, and development programs

No significant operations with local community 

engagement.

Disclosure 413-2

Operations with significant actual and potential 

negative impacts on local communities

Our business operations do not have 

significant negative impacts on local 

communities.

SUPPLIER SOCIAL ASSESSMENT

Disclosure 414-1

New suppliers that were screened using social 

criteria

No new contractors/suppliers during the 

reporting period. 

Disclosure 414-2

Negative social impacts in the supply chain and 

actions taken

No negative social impacts occurred during the 

reporting period. 

PUBLIC POLICY

Disclosure 415-1

Political contributions

None during our reporting period. 

CUSTOMER HEALTY AND SAFETY

Disclosure 416-1

Assessment of the health and safety impacts of 

product and service categories

Product Development, Consumer Health and 

Safety

Disclosure 416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health 

and safety impacts of products and services

No indication of occurrence during the 

reporting period.

MARKETING AND LABELLING

Disclosure 417-1

Requirements for product and service information 

and labeling

Product Development, Consumer Health and 

Safety

Disclosure 417-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning product 

and service information and labelling

No reported cases during the reporting period.

Disclosure 417-3

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

marketing communications

No reported cases during the reporting period.

CUSTOMER PRIVACY

Disclosure 418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses of customer data

No reported cases during the reporting period. 

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE

Disclosure 419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area

No reported cases during the reporting period.


NutryFarm International Limited     Sustainability Report 2020

29

GRI Content Index



