




NUTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

Sustainability  

Report 2019





NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2019

1

Table of

Contents

BOARD’S STATEMENT

OUR SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

CODE OF CONDUCT

ABOUT THIS REPORT

SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT

ENGAGEMENT WITH OUR STAKEHOLDERS

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

GOVERNANCE

SOCIAL

ENVIRONMENTAL

CUSTOMERS

CONSUMER HEALTH AND SAFETY

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY MANAGEMENT

QUALITY ASSURANCE AND SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

11

13

15

15

15

15

17




2

NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2019

Board’s

Statement

Dear Stakeholders,

NutryFarm International Ltd (“NutryFarm” or the “Group”) 

is proud to present our Sustainability Report for the second 

year as we continue our efforts in creating meaningful and 

sustainable impacts for our stakeholders. Through this 

report, we also want to share with our stakeholders on the 

Group’s sustainability performance as well as goals for the 

future.

The outlook for the health food products manufacturers and 

distributor remains positive for the foreseeable future with 

heightened recognition of more sustainable lifestyle and 

dietary requirements in the People’s Republic of China (PRC) 

as well as the rest of the world. As a leading manufacturer 

and distributor of nutrition and health food products, we 

recognize that the corporate governance, environmental and 

social aspects contribute to the management of the Group’s 

operations, interactions with our suppliers and customers 

as well as engaging our people. We are armed with passion 

for innovation and work towards creating more products 

with the finest quality through our renowned research and 

development process. We have increased our patents to 15 

and approved products to 34 types this year.

This Sustainability Report plays an imperative role in helping 

us increase transparency, accountability and progress 

towards sustainable growth. As we proceed to venture to 

create more products to cater to the local market demands, 

we remain vigilant in conducting our business and engaging 

with our stakeholders to meet their concerns and needs 

actively. The success of our sustainability journey requires 

continual effort and we are confident that together with our 

stakeholders, we are able to achieve greater sustainability in 

our operations.

ACKNOWLEGDEMENTS

We would like to also take this opportunity to express our 

gratitude to the directors and business partners for their 

unwavering commitment and dedication this past year. We 

look forward to crossing new challenges and scaling greater 

heights together in the year ahead.

Paul Gao Xiang Nong

Chief Executive Officer

On behalf of the board 

NutryFarm International Limited 


NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2019

3

Our Sustainability 

Statement

VISION, MISSION AND CORE VALUES

OWNERSHIP

We take great pride in our ability  

to meet what is required of us  

as a leading Group. This includes 

 the quality of our nutrition and health  

food products, our overall Group  

growth and our obligation  

to the advancement and training  

of our employees.

GOOD MANAGEMENT

We seek innovation and continuous 

improvements in our business,  

work diligently to deliver on our  

plans and overcome obstacles.

PROACTIVITY

We constantly work towards being  

the best we can be. We do this  

by continuously improving our 

efficiency, innovating our products 

and refining our efforts to win  

bigger market share. 

HONESTY AND INTEGRITY

We operate in an open and honest 

manner with our stakeholders,  

in the spirit of creating long-term 

business relationships.  

MUTUAL RESPECT

We believe in conducting business 

in a respectful manner with all our 

stakeholders to gain and keep their 

confidence and trust in us.

VISION

To be a leading manufacturer  

and distributor of nutrition  

and health food products.

MISSION

To maintain a sound business  

and to continually seek and  

develop opportunities in  

high-growth markets.


4

NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2019

Code of 

Conduct

We advocate the spirit of ownership. We believe that doing the right thing will 

bring success to both the Group and individuals. Our common pursuit for success  

unites us.

We truthfully reflect individual performance. We believe that every employee can 

and is willing to maximize their potential. We motivate and help employees to 

achieve higher expectations, standards and challenging goals.

We have clear and common goals and strategies. We only do what will promote our 

business. We simplify, process and standardize existing work whenever possible to 

improve efficiency.

We challenge stereotypes and develop new working methods to win greater 

success in the market. We attach great importance to product development and 

innovation, so as to meet consumer needs and guide consumer awareness. We 

constantly improve service awareness, and strive to provide better service for 

internal and external customers through various ways and means.

We strive to best understand consumers and their needs. To establish a successful 

brand image, we create and provide first-class products, advocate natural and 

healthy consumption. We develop close and mutually beneficial relationships 

with customers, suppliers and partners. Our products and operations have 

sustainability integrated in them.

We encourage and expect employees to have excellent professional knowledge and 

skills. We believe that every employee will strive to continually improve themselves, 

help and develop others.

We are good at drawing lessons from past successes and failures. We carefully 

measure our performance against the highest standards both inside and outside 

the company, and constantly revise and improve our efficiency. We strive to achieve 

the best in all strategic priorities of the company, departments and even individuals.

Our departments and regions trust and cooperate closely with each other. We 

are proud to offer good advice and methods to others. We are proud to share 

good ideas and suggestions with one another. We have established sincere and  

friendly relations with all parties contributing to the achievement of the company’s 

mission, including customers, consumers, partners and the government.

Company and Individuals  

Mutually Benefit Each Other.

We Respect and Trust  

Every Employee.

We Focus Strategically  

on Our Work.

Innovation is The Cornerstone  

of Our Success.

We Monitor Changes and  

Development of Our  

External Environment.

We Value Personal Growth  

and Development.

We Strive to  

Do Our Best.

A Mutually Dependent and 

Supportive Way of Working.


NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2019

5

About  

This Report

SCOPE OF THE REPORT

This is NutryFarm International Ltd’s (the “Group”) second 

year in publishing its sustainability report publicly, covering 

the Group’s performance, initiatives and impact of its 

operations in the aspects of Environmental, Social and 

Governance (ESG). All data and activities reported were from 

1 April 2018 to 31 March 2019 unless stated otherwise. 

REPORTING FRAMEWORK

The report has been prepared in accordance with the 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards – Core option, 

the international standard for sustainability reporting 

established by GRI in 2016. The content of this report was 

defined by the four reporting principles established by GRI 

Standards: (1) Stakeholder Inclusiveness; (2) Sustainability 

Context; (3) Materiality; (4) Completeness. The Stakeholder 

Inclusiveness principle was implemented in determining the 

report context through various stakeholder engagements 

and internal discussions led by the Sustainability Committee. 

The Sustainability Context principle was implemented in 

determining the report context which covered the ESG 

aspects. The Materiality principle was implemented in 

determining the report context through stakeholder 

engagements and internal discussions. After which, all 

relevant factors were weighed according to their respective 

importance to stakeholders, as well as their impact on 

NutryFarm’s business. This combined assessment allows 

NutryFarm to identify and agree upon the appropriate 

material ESG aspects for the business. This report is 

developed with reference to the primary components set in 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited’s (SGX-ST) 

Listing Rule 711B on a ‘comply or explain’ basis. Unless 

otherwise stated, the report covers the ESG performance of 

the Group across its core operations in PRC.

REPORT CONTENT AND QUALITY 

This report aims to provide you with an integrated 

overview of NutryFarm’s initiatives and strategies related 

to sustainability and responsible business development. 

Through these actions, we aim to address the key concerns 

and issues that NutryFarm’s stakeholders face. To ensure 

content quality, we have applied GRI’s principles of accuracy, 

balance, clarity, comparability, reliability and timeliness. All 

the data presented in the report use internationally accepted 

measurement units. Financial figures are presented in Hong 

Kong dollar unless otherwise stated.  

AVAILABILITY

This report is released in PDF format, and is available for 

download via the SGX official website.  As part of our continual 

efforts on improving the coverage of our sustainability 

practices in the report, we welcome stakeholders to 

submit their questions or feedback on any aspect of our  

sustainability performance to info@nutryfarm.com.


6

NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2019

Sustainability  

Management

The Sustainability Committee that was set up in 2017 continue to fulfill their role in driving the sustainability efforts across 

departments and levels within the Group and provides strategic direction for managing sustainability-related risks and 

opportunities.

Feedback Loop 

We have set up a feedback loop system to facilitate effective communications of our sustainability goals and performances  

and the expectations of our stakeholders. 

Board of  

Directors

Chief

Executive

Officer

Admin &amp; Human 

Resource

Finance

Economic and  Corporate 

Governance aspects

Social aspect

Production

Sales

Product safety and 

customer service aspects

Health and  

Safety aspect

Business 

Departments

Functional 

Departments

Decision making and  

 of vision and policies

Execution and co-ordination  

to implement policies

Oversee various aspects in

accordance to the Group’s

sustainability strategy

Setting goals and 

feedback loop

Actual End 

Results 

Sustainability 

Committee

Goals Setting

Feedback

Employees 

and Business 

operations 

Stakeholders 


NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2019

7

Engagement With  

Our Stakeholders 

NutryFarm believes that sustainable growth of the Group is dependent on meeting and exceeding the expectations of our 

stakeholders. 

We identify key stakeholders as groups which have material impact or could potentially be impacted by our operations  

and engage our stakeholders regularly through various communication platforms, constantly seeking to address their issues 

and concerns. The following table summarizes our key stakeholders, engagement platforms, frequency of communication  

and their key concerns. 





Stakeholder

Engagement channels

Frequency

Key Feedback/Issue

Read more in the following sections

Employees

Performance appraisals

Annual

– Health and safety 

– Employee learning  

   and development 

   opportunities

– Staff benefits

Social Page 11 to 12 

Employee training and development

Ad-hoc

Communicate Group’s policies 

and practices including code of 

conduct

Annually 

and when 

required

Customers

Customer feedback from 

corporate hotline, inquiry form 

on official website and through 

our official sales agents over the 

counters

Ad-hoc

– Product safety and   

    hygiene 

– Transparency in 

    product labelling

– Product quality

Customers Page 15 to 16

Suppliers

Supplier meetings

Ad-hoc

– Fair and robust  

   procurement system

– Prompt payment 

   cycles

Governance Page 9 to 10

Investors

Annual extraordinary/ general 

meetings

Annual

– Business strategy  

    and outlook

– Corporate governance

– Timely and  

   transparent reporting

Governance Page 9 to 10

SGX announcements and media 

releases

Ad-hoc

Annual report and sustainability 

report

Annual

Group website

Ad-hoc

Government

Correspondences through email 

and letters

Ad-hoc

– Compliance with laws  

    and regulations

– Corporate governance

Governance Page 9 to 10

Environmental Page 13 to 14

Meetings, briefings and regular 

reporting

Ad-hoc

The Community

Sustainability report

Annual

– Safe and sustainable 

    environment

Social Page 11 to 12

Environmental Page 13 to 14

Customers Page 15 to 16


8

NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2019

Materiality

Assessment

Through the various channels of communications and feedback received, we carried out materiality analysis to identify 

sustainability issues that are important to our business and stakeholders. This assessment analyses and prioritizes 

stakeholder and market need to help us channel our resources more effectively as we make progress in achieving the  

long-term sustainability of our business. 

The materiality review considered under the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) guidelines and the topics are prioritized using a 

materiality matrix. The matrix considers the potential impact and relevance of each topic on our business and its importance 

to stakeholders.

Our review focuses on 5 key aspects with 7 identified material topics. For each material topic, we report on the relevance of it to 

our business and stakeholders, and the measures in place to address it.  There is no newly added material topics as compared 

to materiality assessment carried out in 2018 given that there is no major change in our business and operations as well as 

the environment that we operate in. 

2019 Sustainability Materiality Assessment

Governance

Social

Environmental

Customers

Supply Chain

Conservation of

Energy and Water

Employee Training

and Development

Effluents and Waste

Sustainable  

Supply Chain

Regulatory Compliance

Consumer Health  

and Safety

Talent Attraction  

and Retention

Significance to the business

Importance to Stakeholders


NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2019

9

Governance

We uphold the belief that good corporate governance practices are essential in building a sound corporation with an ethical 

environment, thereby protecting the interests of all stakeholders. We strive to put in place a robust governance framework to 

maintain the integrity, transparency, accountability and discipline in all our practices. We have placed emphasis in maintaining 

good corporate governance practices throughout the year. 

RISK MANAGEMENT

Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) is a process put in place by the Board of Directors and Management to identify and 

address key risks and events arising from the management and business operations, and to manage them within its risk 

appetite. Proper risk management is an important component to ensure the long-term sustainability of our business. 

On an annual basis, the Management will carry out an ERM exercise that identifies emerging risks, review existing risks 

and thereafter determine appropriate action plans. The Group’s ERM framework is aligned and integrated to its strategic 

objectives to maximize shareholder value. All significant risk developments and incidents are reported to the Board and  

Audit Committee on periodic basis.

Our risk committee and their roles and responsibilities: 

Some of the key risks that we identified are:

I)   Operational Risk

The Group has an established risk management strategy towards its supply chain activities from sourcing of products to 

packaging, marketing and sales to end-consumers. This includes planning and control systems, our in-house standard 

operating procedures updated with current practices and management expectations, our information technology systems, 

reporting and monitoring procedures. Our risk management framework is such that appropriate measures and actions can be 

taken to mitigate risks that may arise during our business operations.

– Exercises oversight of the key risk  

   areas in the Group’s business

– Set the overall strategic direction in  

   the identification and assessment  

   of risks

– Ensuring that decisions and  

   strategies adopted are in line with    

   the risk management tolerances of  

   the Group

– Reviews the effectiveness of the  

   Group’s system of internal controls  

   in light of key business and financial  

   risks affecting its businesses through  

   discussion with Management and the  

   auditor

– Regularly reviews the Group’s  

   business and operational activities  

   to identify areas of significant  

   business risk

– Reviews all significant control    

   policies and procedures and  

   highlights all significant matters  

   to the Directors and the Audit  

   Committee

   The Board

   The Board

   Audit Committee

   Management


10

NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2019

Governance

II)   Regulatory Risk 

As a manufacturer and distributor of nutrition and health food products, it is essential for NutryFarm to adhere to all relevant 

regulatory requirements including China’s National Food Safety Standard for Food Additive Use (GB2760-2014), National Food 

Safety Standard of General Hygiene Regulations for Food Production (GB14881-2013) and National Standard for Health Food 

(GB 16740-2014). We strive to improve our product quality standards, with quality management on the production and ensuring 

strict compliance to our quality assurance procedures and requirements under various certifications. 

As a Singapore listed Group, we continue to ensure that we comply to rules.

III)   Financial Risk

The Group has identified the various financial risks, details of which are found on pages 76 and 80 of the FY2019 Annual Report.

 

We continue to improve awareness of risks within the business and to communicate the behaviors expected from employees 

with the objective of minimizing such risks arising. For more information on the Group’s corporate governance framework and 

policies, please refer to the Report on Corporate Governance included in the FY2019 Annual Report.

In the table below, we demonstrate how we have fared against our corporate governance targets in FY2018 as well as our 

target action plan for FY2019.  

Corporate Governance Performance in FY2018

FY2018 Target

Performance Update

Zero non-compliance breaches 

Achieved zero non-compliance breaches.

Zero incidents of bribery or corruptions

Achieved zero incidents of bribery or corruptions.

Anti-money laundering policy and procedures

We are still in the progress of formalizing the policy. 

Corporate Governance Target in FY2019

FY2019 Target

Action Plan

Zero non-compliance breaches 

– Ensure 100% compliance to all relevant and material regulatory  

   requirements and applicable industrial standards in the  

   jurisdictions that we operate in. 

– Strict implementation of the Group’s product quality management  

   system.

Zero incidents of bribery or corruptions

– Continue to seek to assess the nature and extent of Group’s  

   exposure to the risks of internal and external fraud, bribery  

   and corruption. 

– Require all staff to immediately report any incidents or suspicions  

   of fraud, bribery or corruption to an appropriate management  

   personnel. 

Anti-money laundering policy and procedures

– Submit proposed policy to Board for approval.


NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2019

11

Social

Employee Training and Development

NutryFarm is committed to the development, safety and wellbeing of our employees. We value and fairly reward our employees 

for their contributions to the Group and treat all with equality and utmost respect.

Through our annual performance appraisal, we work together with our employees to identify knowledge gaps and address 

their personal and professional needs. Our employees’ capabilities are further enhanced through mentoring and on-the-job 

exposure.

Talent Attraction and Retention

We recruit and select employees on the basis of merit, such as skills, experience and ability, regardless of age, race, gender, 

religion, family status or geographical location. We have introduced several strategies during the year to attract and retain 

our valuable employees, including ensuring salaries are matched to market, skills and job scope alignment and improved 

employee engagement. 

Vibrant workforce 

During the year, there were 3 new employees who were recruited and a turnover of 19 employees. As at 31 March 2019, 

NutryFarm has a total of 101 employees, with diversity in terms of age and gender. We have reduced our employees in the Over-

the-Counter department due to changes in the Group’s strategy on our marketing and sales. We are proud to have a diverse 

workforce with the male and female employees constituting 58% and 42% respectively. 

Employee Demographics  

Employee Age Profile

FY2019

0

20

40

60

Less than 30 years old

30 - 50 years old

More than 50 years old

Employee Profile

FY2019

0

5

10

Senior Management

Executive

Non-Executive





Our colleagues at work (Source: NutryFarm)


12

NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2019

Social

Staff benefits 

Our compensation system reflects performance and responsibility of the employees, ensuring that there is transparency about 

the overall structure of their compensation. We attach great importance to equal pay for both genders as well, providing fair 

and competitive compensation regardless of race, gender and nationality. 

The Group strictly abides by the provisions of relevant regulatory requirements of the “Labour Law of the PRC (the “Labour 

Law”) and the “Law on Labour contract of PRC” (“Law on Labour Contract”) to safeguard the legitimate rights and benefits of 

the employees. 

Apart from our basic compensations, the Group also provides welfare 

and benefits such as medical benefits and claims as well as annual 

leaves to all employees. Additional types of leaves that the employees 

are entitled to includes urgent leave, marriage leave, compassionate 

leave, maternity leave as well as breastfeeding time off for female 

employees with children below one year old. We also offer annual 

health checkups to our full-time employees. The Group has in place 

training policies and procedures to manage both in-house trainings as 

well as external trainings requests and requirements to demonstrate 

our passion in growing our employees with NutryFarm. We have also 

put in place mechanisms for our employees to channel their feedback 

and grievances appropriately as we believe our employees being 

happy and satisfied at work will help them in managing challenges 

and carry out work tasks diligently. 

Below is a review of our social targets and performance in FY2018 as well as our targeted action plan for FY2019. 



Our colleagues at a training session (Source: NutryFarm)

Social Performance in FY2018

FY2018 Target

Performance Update

Zero employee incidents and fatalities

Zero occurrence 

Zero cases of non-compliance with health and safety 

Zero occurrence 

Official Tracking of training hours 

Commenced tracking of training hours 

Social Target in FY2019

FY2019 Target

Action Plan

To achieve at least 13 average man hours of training for our 

employees 

To consolidate the feedback on personal and professional 

development needs from all Head of Departments after 

performance appraisals are carried out. 


NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2019

13

Environmental

NutryFarm is fully aware of our stakeholders’ high expectations in regards to our products and processes. NutryFarm also 

considers the environmental protection and the responsible use of natural resources. 

Conservation of Energy and Water

NutryFarm carries out environmentally friendly practices to contribute to sustainability and employees are encouraged 

to report any incidences of non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations or measures to conserve water and 

electricity which also translates to some cost-savings for the Group. 

NutryFarm continuously raise and promote environmental awareness within the Group to become an environmental steward 

and participate in creating a sustainable future. Examples include reminding employees to switch off the lights when they are 

no longer in use, as well as minimizing the wastage of precious water during the cleaning of equipment and machineries.  

The water consumption of our business operations at our manufacturing plant and offices during our period of review as 

compared to the prior reporting period is as depicted in the following graph: 

Our summer season in PRC occurred from July 2018 and 

September 2018, which are the hottest months of the year, 

hence more water was used as compared to other months in 

the year. We have explained in FY2018 Sustainability Report 

that the sudden surge in water usage was due to water 

pipe leaks and bursting in July 2017 which Management 

has taken immediate actions to have it repaired to prevent 

further unnecessary loss of our precious natural resources. 

We will continue to work to reduce water use and increase 

water efficiency in our operations.

NutryFarm endeavors to improve our energy conservation 

measures and implementation by choosing energy-efficient 

equipment. Our electricity usage tends to be higher during 

our summer months from July to September. In FY2019, 

we have reduced our total energy consumption by 13.9% 

(29,190 mWh) during these months from July to September 

and 13.3% (67,740 mWh) during the full year, partly due to 

reduction in production and total employee headcount. We 

will continue to monitor our energy use regularly to track 

and manage our energy consumption.

Water Consumption FY2018 and FY2019

Electricity Consumption FY2018 and FY2019

Tonnes (t)

Megawatt hours (mWh)

2000

1600

1200

800

400

0

Apr

Mar

Jun

Jul

Aug

Sep

Oct

Nov

Dec

Jan

Feb

Mar

Water FY2018

Water FY2019

Electricity FY2018

Electricity FY2019

90

70

50

30

10

Apr

Mar

Jun

Jul

Aug

Sep

Oct

Nov

Dec

Jan

Feb

Mar


14

NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2019

Environmental

Effluents and Waste

NutryFarm strives to meet our responsibility to protect the environment to the best of our ability. Due to the inherent nature 

of our manufacturing line, it is inevitable that waste will be generated from our production activities. Nonetheless, we are 

continuously working to reduce and minimize the impact that our business activities bring to the environment.

Systematic waste management minimizes disposal volumes and costs. Safe disposal channels with separation according 

to the type of waste has been put in place to serve this purpose. All of NutryFarm’s waste products will be identified and 

categorized under recyclable and non-recyclable and disposed in accordance to the standard operating procedure set out by 

the Group. 

To ensure that the by-products of our manufacturing activities are properly disposed of, NutryFarm continues to engage a 

reputable waste management and disposal company to properly treat and dispose all of the waste products, preventing any 

leakage of hazardous waste that are harmful to the environment and community at large. A total of 4,965 m³ of by-product 

waste material of our production was handled by the waste management company during in FY2019. 

There was no incident of non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations in FY2019. no spills of any effluents and 

waste were recorded during its disposal and our day-to-day business activities. NutryFarm strives to continue to maintain our 

healthy record of zero non-compliance with all relevant environmental regulations. 

Environment Performance in FY2018

FY2018 Target

Performance Update

Reduction of 2% in water and electricity usage

We have achieved reduction in 13.3% for electricity usage. We 

exclude our water usage performance for FY2019 as the high-water 

usage in FY2018 was due to an unforeseen incident. 

Environment Target in FY2019

FY2019 Target

Action Plan

Zero leaks of waste and effluents  

– Ensure proper and timely maintenance of all equipment  

   and facilities.

– Continue to engage external vendor to properly treat and dispose  

   by-product waste and effluents. 

– Assess external vendors to ensure that the waste is disposed   

   according to local government environmental requirements. 

Zero incidents of environmental non-compliance 

– Employees are to enforce stringent checks on the manufacturing  

   processes and to inform the health and safety team of any  

   leakages or non-compliance incidents.


NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2019

15

Customers

Our consumers have trusted the NutryFarm brand for safe, high quality products to supplement their lifestyle and dietary 

requirements. We are committed to implement comprehensive quality controls and processes at every stage of our supply 

chain

Consumer Health and Safety 

All NutryFarm’s products, including their raw materials and ingredients are fully compliant with local regulations, including 

the standards defined by PRC’s National Food Safety Standard for Food Additive Use, National Food Safety Standard on Food 

Labelling of Pre-packaged Special Diet and General Hygiene Regulation for Food Production.

During FY2019, we have renewed our Food Production License as required under the Food Safety Law in PRC.  

Our license is valid until 13 December 2021.

We are committed to conducting responsible, safe and 

sustainable research and development that respects the 

concerns of our consumers and community. Prior to the 

purchase of our raw materials and imported products, 

NutryFarm will perform product tests to ensure that these 

materials and products meets all food safety and regulatory 

requirements.

NutryFarm also makes it a point to visit suppliers’ 

manufacturing plants and perform inspection on the 

environment and manufacturing processes, ensuring that 

the suppliers meet the Group’s requirements as well as 

all relevant regulatory requirements. For our internal 

manufacturing processes, product safety and hygiene are 

also very stringent and highly scrutinized. 

Intellectual Property Management  

NutryFarm works to implement intellectual property strategies and enhancement of our research and development 

capabilities. As at March 2019, NutryFarm holds a total of 15 patents in PRC for our product formulas, ingredients extraction 

method, packaging and design, an increase of 3 patents from the prior year. We strictly enforce the monitoring system of patent 

application in compliance with the requirements of the “Patent Law of the PRC”, the “Rules for the implementation of the 

Patent law of the PRC” and the “Enterprise Intellectual Property Management”. 

Quality Assurance and Supply Chain Management  

NutryFarm strives to improve our product quality standards, with quality management on the production and ensuring strict 

compliances to our quality assurance procedures and to requirements under various certifications. Our quality assurance 

team consisted of the following departments.  




16

NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2019

Customers

Production department is the overall in charge, overseeing the quality assurance system throughout the production process 

while the remaining departments are overseeing the following: 

•     Facilities Management department ensures that the facilities are calibrated and maintained to ensure smooth production  

       process and quality products. 

•     Logistics department conducts inspections based on our quality standards for ingredients and finished goods.

•     Quality assurance department exercises quality supervision on the production process. 

The Group has also set up a quality assurance system as follows:

In light of more stringent requirements in product marketing in the PRC, the Group has looked into formalizing compliant 

marketing to comply with the Advertising Law of the PRC, the Provisions on the Administration of Pharmaceutical Directions 

and Labels as well as other laws and regulations related to advertising and label administrations. We have zero incident of 

non-compliance relating to advertising and labelling administrations in FY2019 as we have since enforced more stringent 

checks on our representations and products details during our marketing activities and designing of our products packages. 

Please refer to our annual report for more details on our marketing and distribution channels on page 6 to page 7.

Production

Department

Logistics 

Department

Facilities 

Management

Department 

Quality 

Assurance

Department

Follow standard  

procedures in place 

Monitor production  

process 

Formulating and establishing 

quality system and strategies 

Implement quality  

system 

Ensuring the effective 

implementation of quality 

management system 


NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2019

17

GRI  

Content Index

GRI Standard

Disclosure Title

Page Reference &amp; Remarks

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

ORGANIZATIONAL PROFILE

Disclosure 102-1

Name of the Organization

Annual report cover page

Disclosure 102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

Corporate Profile, Annual Report Page 1,

Disclosure 102-3

Location of headquarters

Corporate Information, Annual Report Page 5

Disclosure 102-4

Location of operations

Corporate Profile, Annual Report Page 1

Disclosure 102-5

Ownership and legal form

About NutryFarm, Annual Report Page 4

Disclosure 102-6

Markets served

Corporate Profile, Annual Report Page 1

Disclosure 102-7

Scale of the Organization

About NutryFarm, Annual Report Page 4

Disclosure 102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Social- Vibrant workforce, Page 11

Disclosure 102-9

Supply Chain

Quality Assurance and Supply Chain  

Management, Page15

Disclosure 102-10

Significant changes to the organization and its 

supply chain

Quality Assurance and Supply Chain  

Management, Page15

Disclosure 102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

Quality Assurance and Supply Chain  

Management Page 16

Disclosure 102-12

External initiatives

None

Disclosure 102-13

Membership of associations

None

STRATEGY

Disclosure 102-14

Statement from senior decision maker

CEO’s Message, Annual Report Page 6;

Board’s Statement Page 2

Disclosure 102-15

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

Risk Assessment, Annual Report, Page 87 to 97

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY

Disclosure 102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour

Business Philosophy, Annual Report Content Page

Our Core Values, Annual Report Page 1

Disclosure 102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics

Corporate Governance Report, Annual Report 

Page 28- Whistle-blowing policy

GOVERNANCE

Disclosure 102-18

Governance structure

Corporate Governance Report, Annual Report 

Page 18 to 26

Sustainability Management- Page 6

Disclosure 102-19

Delegating authority

Sustainability Management- Page 6

Disclosure 102-20

Executive-level responsibility for economic, 

environmental, and social topics

Stakeholder Engagement, Page 7

Disclosure 102-21

Consulting stakeholders on economic, 

environmental and social topics

Risk Assessment, Annual Report, Page 10

Disclosure 102-22

Composition of the highest governance body  

and its committee

Corporate Governance Report, Annual Report 

Page 18 to 26

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

Disclosure 102-23

Chair of the highest governance body

Corporate Governance Report, Annual Report 

Page 18 to 26


18

NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2019

GRI  

Content Index

GRI Standard

Disclosure Title

Page Reference &amp; Remarks

Disclosure 102-24

Nominating and selecting the highest  

governance body

Corporate Governance Report, Annual Report 

Page 18 to 26

Disclosure 102-25

Conflicts of interest

Corporate Governance Report, Annual Report 

Page 18 to 26

Disclosure 102-26

Role of highest governance body in setting 

purposes, values, and strategy

Sustainability Management- Page 6

Disclosure 102-27

Collective knowledge of highest governance body

Sustainability Management- Page 6

Disclosure 102-28

Evaluating the highest governance body’s 

performance 

Sustainability Management- Page 6

Disclosure 102-29

Identifying and managing economic, 

environmental, and social impacts

Sustainability Management- Page 6

Disclosure 102-30

Effectiveness of risk management process

Risk Management, Page 9 to 10

Disclosure 102-31

Review of economic, environmental, and social 

topics

Materiality Assessment, Page 8

Disclosure 102-32

Highest governance body’s role in sustainability 

reporting

Sustainability Management- Page 6

Disclosure 102-33

Communicating critical concerns

Engagement with our Stakeholders- Page 7

Disclosure 102-34

Nature and total number of critical concerns

Engagement with our Stakeholders- Page 7

Disclosure 102-35

Remuneration policies

Annual Report- Corporate Government Report- 

Procedures for Developing Remuneration Policies, 

Annual Report Page 24 to 26

Disclosure 102-36

Process for determining remuneration

Level and Mix of Remuneration, Annual Report 

Page 24

Disclosure 102-37

Stakeholders’ involvement in remuneration

Annual Report- Corporate Government Report- 

Procedures for Developing Remuneration Policies 

Page 24

Disclosure 102-38

Annual total compensation ratio

We choose not to disclose as we reward based  

on meritocracy.

Disclosure 102-39

Percentage increase in annual total compensation 

ratio

We choose not to disclose as we reward based  

on meritocracy.

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

Disclosure 102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder Engagement, Page 7

Disclosure 102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

None of our employees have joined trade union

Disclosure 102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Stakeholder Engagement, Page 7

Disclosure 102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder Engagement, Page 7

Disclosure 102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder Engagement, Page 7

REPORTING PRACTICE

Disclosure 102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements

Report on the Audit of the Financial Statement,  

Page 36

Disclosure 102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

Materiality Assessment, Page 8

Disclosure 102-47

List of material topics

Materiality Assessment, Page 8

Disclosure 102-48

Restatements of information

None


NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2019

19

GRI  

Content Index

GRI Standard

Disclosure Title

Page Reference &amp; Remarks

Disclosure 102-49

Changes in reporting

None

Disclosure 102-50

Reporting period

About This Report, Page 5

Disclosure 102-51

Date of most recent report

20 December 2018

Disclosure 102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

Disclosure 102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

About This Report, Page 5

Disclosure 102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards

About This Report, Page 5

Disclosure 102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index, Page 17

Disclosure 102-56

External assurance

Not sought

MANAGEMENT APPROACH

Disclosure 103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

– Employee Training and Development, Page 11

– Talent Attraction and Retention, Page 11

– Conservation of Energy and Water, Page 13

– Effluents and Waste, Page 14

– Consumer Health and Safety, Page 15

– Sustainable Supply Chain, Page 15 to 16

Disclosure 103-2

The management approach and its components

Disclosure 103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

MATERIAL TOPICS

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

Disclosure 201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

Not applicable

Disclosure 201-2

Financial implications and other risks and 

opportunities due to climate change

Not applicable

Disclosure 201-3

Defined benefit plan obligations and other 

retirement plans

Not applicable

Disclosure 201-4

Financial assistance received from government

Not applicable

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

Disclosure 307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations

Effluents and Waste, Page 14

ENERGY

Disclosure 302-1

Energy consumption within the organization

Conservation of Energy and Water, Page 13

Disclosure 302-2

Energy consumption outside of the organization

Not applicable

Disclosure 302-3

Energy intensity

Not applicable

Disclosure 302-4

Reduction of energy consumption

Not applicable

Disclosure 302-5

Reductions in energy requirements of products 

and services

Not applicable

WATER

Disclosure 303-1

Water withdrawal by source

Not applicable

Disclosure 303-2

Water sources significantly affected by withdrawal 

of water

Not applicable

Disclosure 303-3

Water recycled and reused

Not applicable


20

NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2019

GRI  

Content Index

GRI Standard

Disclosure Title

Page Reference &amp; Remarks

EMPLOYMENT

Disclosure 401-1

New employee hires and employee turnover

Talent Attraction and Retention, Page 11

Disclosure 401-2

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are 

not provided to temporary or part-time employees

Talent Attraction and Retention, Page 11

Disclosure 401-3

Parental leave

Talent Attraction and Retention, Page 11

TRAINING AND EDUCATION

Disclosure 404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

Staff benefits, Page 12

Disclosure 404-2

Programs for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programs

Staff benefits, Page 12

Disclosure 404-3

Percentage of employees receiving regular 

performance and career development reviews

100%

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY

Disclosure 405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

We choose not to disclose as we reward based on 

meritocracy.

Disclosure 405-2

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women 

to men

We choose not to disclose as we reward based on 

meritocracy.

LOCAL COMMUNITIES

Disclosure 413-1

Operations with local community engagement, 

impact assessments and development programs

Not Applicable 

Disclosure 413-2

Operations with significant actual and potential 

negative impacts on local communities

Not Applicable 

