




NutryFarm International  Limited

SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 2018


NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2018

NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2018

2

1



TABLE of

CONTENTS

BOARD’S STATEMENT 

2

ABOUT NUTRYFARM 

3

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

3

MANAGING SUSTAINABILITY AT NUTRYFARM 

4

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

5

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

6

MATERIAL TOPICS- AT A GLANCE 

7

GOVERNANCE 

7

SOCIAL 

9

ENVIRONMENTAL 

10

CONSUMER 

11

QUALITY ASSURANCE AND 

SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT 

13

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

14


NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2018

NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2018

2

3

BOARD 

STATEMENT

Dear Stakeholders,

 

We are pleased to present our inaugural sustainability report, underscoring our belief in creating a sustainable future of our company 

as well as our commitment to observing a high standard of corporate governance and transparency. 

This report marks a significant milestone for NutryFarm as we seek to illustrate our intention to drive improvements across our 

business operations and build a sustainable future. Through this report, we also want to share with our stakeholders on the Company’s 

sustainability goals and practices.

A PATH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

Apart from improving our consumers’ quality of life through our products, the Company seek to positively impact the lives of the people 

in the community as well. 

Going forward, the Company is endeavouring to support charities and causes in our community by instilling the spirit of volunteerism 

within the firm. By doing so, we hope that not only does the community benefit from our support, but also promotes a positive and 

inclusive working environment for our valued employees. 

Each and every one of us in NutryFarm look forward to embark on our sustainability journey, to deliver strong financial returns and 

support community development and causes.

MR PAUL GAO XIANG NONG

EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

NUTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 

ABOUT

NUTRYFARM

To partner technological advances with nature’s finest and cater to 

growing market to become the leading supplement manufacturer 

in China. 

Established in 2005, NutryFarm International Limited (“NutryFarm” 

or “the Company”) aims to provide the finest nutrition and health 

food products and help our customers achieve optimal health and 

well-being.  

NutryFarm’s extensive range of products are made from 

traditional medicinal herbs and plants, with products made to 

strict requirements of the Good Manufacturing Practice guidelines 

prescribed by the PRC government.  With over 40 nutritional 

products launched, NutryFarm strives to continuously improve 

through our research and development activities and deliver 

quality nutritional products to meet the needs of our valued 

customers. 

We endeavor sustainable wellness and growth for both our 

Company and the markets we serve. 



ABOUT THIS REPORT

NutryFarm affirms its commitment to sustainability with the 

publication of its inaugural Sustainability Report. This Sustainability 

Report covers the Company’s performance and initiatives in the 

Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) aspects. 

The scope of this report covers the financial year from 1 April 2017 

to 31 March 2018. The Sustainability Report has been prepared in 

accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) standards 

2016, Core option. Unless otherwise stated, the report covers the 

ESG performance of the Group across its core operations in the 

People’s Republic of China (“PRC”).

Through this report, NutryFarm hopes to share its commitment 

in sustainability and transparency with its various stakeholders, 

including employees, investors, government, customers, suppliers 

and the community. 

As part of our continual efforts on improving the coverage of our 

sustainability practices in the report, we welcome stakeholders 

to submit their questions or feedbacks on any aspect of our 

sustainability performance to info@nutryfarm.com.  


NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2018

NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2018

4

5

MANAGING SUSTAINABILITY at

NUTRYFARM

STAKEHOLDER

ENGAGEMENT

NutryFarm established a Sustainability Committee (SC), chaired by the CEO and reporting directly to the Board. The SC comprises 

representatives from various departments including Admin &amp; Human Resource, Finance, Production and Sales, covering the various 

scope of the Environment, Social and Government (ESG) factors.

Chief 

Executive 

officer

Production

Sales

Admin &amp; Human Resource

Finance

Health and Safety aspect

Product safety and customer 

service aspect

Social aspect

Economic and Corporate 

Goverance aspects

Business Departments

Financial Departments

Board of 

Directors

Decision making and approver of 

vision and policies 

Sustainability Committee structure as at 31 March 2018

The Committee shall oversee and provide input to management on the Company’s policies, strategies and programs 

related to matters of sustainability and Corporate Social Responsibility.  This includes, but is not limited to, matters 

related to environment, local community, human rights, food safety, supply chains, public affairs and philanthropy. 

The Committee shall receive periodic feedbacks from the Company’s management regarding relationships with key 

external stakeholders that may have a significant impact on the Company's business activities and performance.

Performance Goals:  The Committee shall set and review the goals established for its performance with respect to 

matters of sustainability and corporate social responsibility and monitor the Company’s progress against those goals.

Reporting and Disclosure:  The Committee shall review sustainability and corporate responsibility reports issued from 

time to time by the Company. 

The responsibilities of the Sustainability Committee are as following: 

STAKEHOLDER

ENGAGEMENT CHANNELS

FREQUENCY

KEY FEEDBACK/ ISSUE

COMMITMENTS TO 

SUSTAINABILITY

Employees

Performance appraisals

Annual

	Safety and welfare

	Employee learning and 

development opportunities

	Rewards &amp; recognition

	Committed to 

fair employment 

practices 

	Create a working 

environment that is 

safe and cohesive for 

the employees

	Employees are 

rewarded based on 

merit

Employee training and 

development

Ad-hoc

Communicate company’s policies 

and practices including code of 

conduct

Annually and when 

required

Customers

Customer feedbacks from 

corporate hotline and website

Ad-hoc

	Product safety and hygiene 

	Transparency in product 

labelling

	Product quality

	Ensure that 

inspection of product 

safety and quality are 

carried out

	Product information 

are indicated on all 

products

Suppliers

Supplier meetings

Ad-hoc

	Fair and robust 

procurement system

	Prompt payment cycles

	Ensure timely 

payments to 

suppliers

Investors

Annual extraordinary/ general 

meetings

Annual

	Business strategy and 

outlook

	Corporate governance

	Timely and transparent 

reporting

	Strive to generate 

sustainable long-

term returns on 

investment

	Timely and 

transparent 

disclosure of 

accurate and relevant 

information to the 

stakeholders

SGX announcements and media 

releases

Ad-hoc

Annual report and sustainability 

report

Annual

Company website

Perpetual

Government

Correspondences through email 

and letters

Ad-hoc

	Compliance with laws and 

regulations

	Corporate governance

	Compliance with 

relevant laws and 

regulations

	Fair and ethical 

business practices

Meetings, briefings and regular 

reporting

Ad-hoc

The Community Sustainability report

Annual

	Safe and sustainable 

environment

	Management of 

impacts on the 

community

	Environmentally 

sustainable

Oversee various aspects in 

accordance to the Group's 

sustainability strategy 

Execution and co-ordination to 

implement policies 


NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2018

NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2018

6

7

MATERIALITY

ASSESSMENT

MATERIAL TOPICS ~

AT A GLANCE

We have performed materiality analysis to identify sustainability issues that are of importance to our business and stakeholders. 

This assessment analyses and prioritise stakeholder and market need to help us channel our resources more effectively as we make 

progress in achieving the long-term sustainability of our business. 

The materiality review considered under the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) guidelines and the topics are prioritised using a materiality 

matrix. The matrix considers the potential impact of each topic on our business and its significance to stakeholders. In the conduct of 

the assessment, inputs from stakeholders were considered.

Our review focuses on 5 key aspects with 7 identified material topics. For each material topic, we report on the relevance of it to our 

business and stakeholders, and the measures in place to address it.

2018 SUSTAINABILITY MATERIAL ASSESSMENT

MATERIAL TOPICS

RELEVANCE 

HOW ARE WE ADDRESSING ISSUE

GOVERNANCE DIMENSIONS

Regulatory Compliance

NutryFarm is committed in complying with the relevant 

laws and regulations when conducting and managing 

its business and operations as it is essential for the 

long-term sustainability of the business.

NutryFarm is committed to regulatory compliance 

with procedures in place to ensure that its activities 

and operations comply with existing regulatory 

requirements through regular monitoring, evaluation 

and audit.    

SOCIAL DIMENSIONS

Employee Training and 

Development

NutryFarm believes that our employees’ level of 

competencies is crucial to the success of our business.

We conduct internal training and development 

programs, nurturing our employees and competent in 

carrying out their tasks. 

Talent Attraction 

and retention

NutryFarm recognises the importance of having 

an attractive compensation package to remain 

competitive in attracting and retaining talents. 

We ensure that we provide a fair and highly competitive 

compensation package for all employees.

ENVIRONMENTAL DIMENSIONS

Conservation of Energy a

nd Water

The Group acknowledges that efforts in conservation 

of energy and water reduces our carbon footprints, 

contributing to cost savings.

We commenced energy and water consumption 

tracking at our office and raised awareness in 

conserving these resources.   

ENVIRONMENTAL DIMENSIONS

Effluents and Waste

It is inevitable for waste to be created when producing 

our health products. Nonetheless, we are committed 

to properly dispose such waste to ensure high 

standards of safety and hygiene and the sustainability 

of our business.

We have outsourced the waste management to third-

party vendors to oversee that all waste is properly 

treated and disposed.

CONSUMER DIMENSIONS

Consumer Health 

and Safety

Product safety and reliability are of paramount 

importance to our customers. Hence, we believe that 

product quality and integrity form the foundation of 

the reputation and trust that we seek to earn in the 

markets that we operate in. 

Product safety and hygiene is of utmost importance 

in our commitment to deliver quality products to our 

customers. Placed at the highest priority, we ensure 

that our products are made under strict monitoring 

and in compliance with all relevant food safety 

regulations.

 SUPPLY CHAIN DIMENSIONS

Sustainable 

Supply Chain

The Company recognise that supply constraints can 

have adverse impact on our business. As such, it is 

important for us to ensure that we have a sustainable 

supply chain to cater to our demands.

We continuously work on our supplier relationship 

and production sites’ efficiency to react more rapidly 

to market developments and consumer demands. 

We also ensure that our business partners observe a 

high standard of business ethics.  




NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2018

NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2018

8

9

MATERIAL TOPICS ~

AT A GLANCE

MATERIAL TOPICS ~

AT A GLANCE

GOVERNANCE 

NutryFarm observes the highest standard of corporate governance, which is essential to the sustainability of the business, as well as 

the shareholders’ interests. 

Our strategy to uphold a high standard of corporate governance is underpinned by our commitment to transparency and accountability 

to stakeholders. NutryFarm ensures that the business is carried on and conducted in a proper and efficient manner adhering to the 

principles and guidelines of the Code of Corporate Governance 2012 (the “CG Code”) and other 

applicable laws and regulations. 

The Company believes that it is critical to have a strong and independent element in the Board 

to exercise objective judgment on corporate affairs. As such, the Board is made up of qualified 

professionals who possess a diverse range of expertise that can help to provide a balanced view 

within the Board. 

The Board meets at least once a year to review and evaluate on the key activities and business 

strategies of the Company, including the review and approval of internal guidelines on materiality 

of transactions, acquisitions and financial performance. Additional meetings may also be held to 

address material transactions or issues, where necessary. A total of 8 Board meetings were held during FY 2018. 

The Company will be looking at complying to revised Code of Corporate Governance 2018 in the new financial year. 

For further details, please refer to our Corporate Governance Report in our Annual Report 2018 page 18 to 29. 

RISK MANAGEMENT

Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) is a process put in place by the Board of Directors and Management to identify and address top-

tier risks and events that the Group is exposed to and to manage them within its risk appetite. Proper risk management is an important 

component to ensure the long-term sustainability of our business. On an annual basis, the Management will carry out an ERM exercise 

that identifies emerging risks, review existing risks and thereafter determine appropriate action plans. The Group’s ERM framework is 

aligned and integrated to its strategic objectives to maximise shareholder value.

Our risk committee and their roles and responsibilities: 

NutryFarm has zero tolerance 

towards fraud and bribery 

cases. We are committed to 

operate our business with 

integrity and ensures that 

the employees abide to our 

corporate code of conduct. 

THE BOARD

AUDIT COMMITTEE

MANAGEMENT

• 

Exercises oversight of the key risk 

areas in the Company’s business

• 

Set the overall strategic direction in the 

identification and assessment of risks

• 

Ensuring that decisions and strategies 

adopted are in line with the risk 

management tolerances of the 

Company

• 

Reviewed the effectiveness of the 

Group’s system of internal controls 

in light of key business and financial 

risks affecting its businesses through 

discussion with Management and the 

auditor

• 

Regularly reviews the Company’s 

business and operational activities to 

identify areas of significant business 

risk

• 

Reviews all significant control policies 

and procedures and highlights all 

significant matters to the Directors 

and the Audit Committee

REGULATORY COMPLIANCE

Recognising that non-compliance with 

laws and regulations can have adverse 

reputational and financial impact to 

the Company, high emphasis is placed 

on regulatory compliance in all of our 

business operations. 

Being 

a 

Singapore 

Exchange 

listed 

manufacturer and distributor of nutrition 

and health food products, it is essential 

for NutryFarm to adhere to all relevant 

regulatory 

requirements 

including 

China’s National Food Safety Standard 

for Food Additive Use (GB2760-2014), 

National Food Safety Standard of General 

Hygiene Regulations for Food Production 

(GB14881-2013), as well as the Listing 

Rules of the Singapore Exchange. At 

present, NutryFarm have attained the 

following licence and certifications:

NO.

DESCRIPTION

1

Food Business License

2

HACCP Certification

3

High-tech Enterprise Certification

4

Foreign Investment Approval 

Certificate

5

Trademark Registration 

Certificate

6

Food Production License

In FY 2018, there were zero incidents of 

fraud across the Company’s business 

operations. 

Moving forward, NutryFarm looks to 

sustain its continual efforts in maintaining 

zero 

non-compliance 

breaches 

and 

zero incidents of bribery or corruptions. 

Furthermore, the Company also plans to 

put in place the Anti-Money Laundering 

policy and procedures in an effort to deter 

any possibility of money laundering or 

bribery incidents.

SOCIAL

Employee Training and 

Development

Against the backdrop of a competitive 

landscape, investing in our employees is 

necessary to build a strong, committed 

and talented workforce that is capable of 

delivering value to all stakeholders. 

NutryFarm is committed to develop and 

nurture its employees, ensuring that our 

employees are highly competent to achieve 

our goals. We provide opportunities to our 

employees to participate in training and 

development courses to upgrade their 

skillset.

Through 

our 

annual 

performance 

appraisal, we work together with our 

employees to identify knowledge gaps and 

address their personal and professional 

needs. Our employees’ capabilities are 

further enhanced through mentoring and 

on-the-job exposure. 

Talent Attraction and Retention

A diverse employee structure is vital for our 

Company’s competitiveness. By embracing 

diversity, we improve our understanding 

of 

changing 

markets 

and 

consumer 

group and benefit from the innovative and 

problem-solving abilities from our high 

cultural diversity. We recruit and select 

employees on the basis of merit, such as 

skills, experience and ability, regardless of 

age, race, gender, religion, family status or 

geographical location. 

Vibrant workforce 

During the year, we had 65 new employees 

COMPLIANCE

that join the Company and turnover of 70 

staff. As at 31 March 2018, NutryFarm has 

a total of 200 employees, with diversity in 

terms of age and gender. We are proud to 

have a diverse workforce with the male and 

female employees constituting 36% and 

64% respectively. 

Staff benefits 

Our 

compensation 

system 

reflects 

performance 

and 

responsibility 

of 

the employees, ensuring that there is 

transparency about the overall structure 

of their compensation. We attach great 

importance to equal pay for men and 

women 

as 

well, 

providing 

fair 

and 

competitive compensation regardless of 

race, gender and nationality. 

The Company strictly abides by the 

provisions 

of 

relevant 

regulatory 

requirements of the “Labour Law of the 

PRC (the “Labour Law”) and the “Law on 

Labour contract of PRC” (Law on Labour 

Contract”) to safeguard the legitimate 

rights and benefits of the employees. 

Apart from our basic compensation, 

the Company also provide welfare and 

benefits such as medical benefits and 

claims as well as annual leaves to all 

employees. Additional types of leaves 

that 

the 

employees 

are 

entitled 

to 

includes urgent leave, marriage leave, 

compassionate leave, maternity leave as 

well as breastfeeding time off for female 

employees with children that is below one 

year old. 

All new staff will undergo our orientation 

programme, briefed on employee benefits, 

the Corporate Code of Conduct and the 

Company’s Anti-Corruption policy. For FY 

2018, there were zero employee incidents 

and fatalities and no cases of non-

compliance of health and safety regulations 

by the Company. We target to formalise 

training programmes for our employees 

and track training hours formally. 


NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2018

NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2018

10

11

Employee Demographics  

Staff benefits 

Our compensation system reflects performance and responsibility 

of the employees, ensuring that there is transparency about 

the overall structure of their compensation. We attach great 

importance to equal pay for men and women as well, providing 

fair and competitive compensation regardless of race, gender and 

nationality. 

The Company strictly abides by the provisions of relevant 

regulatory requirements of the “Labour Law of the PRC (the 

“Labour Law”) and the “Law on Labour contract of PRC” (Law on 

Labour Contract”) to safeguard the legitimate rights and benefits 

of the employees. 

Apart from our basic compensation, the Company also provide 

welfare and benefits such as medical benefits and claims as 

well as annual leaves to all employees. Additional types of 

leaves that the employees are entitled to includes urgent leave, 

marriage leave, compassionate leave, maternity leave as well as 

breastfeeding time off for female employees with children that is 

below one year old. 

All new staff will undergo our orientation programme, briefed 

on employee benefits, the Corporate Code of Conduct and the 

Company’s Anti-Corruption policy. For FY 2018, there were zero 

employee incidents and fatalities and no cases of non-compliance 

of health and safety regulations by the Company. We target to 

MATERIAL TOPICS ~

AT A GLANCE

MATERIAL TOPICS ~

AT A GLANCE

Employee Age Profile



















FY 2018

200

0

Less than 30 years old

30 - 50 years old

More than 50 years old



















FY 2018

20

0

Employee Age Profile

Senior Management

Executive

Non-executive

formalise training programmes 

for our employees and track 

training hours formally. 

ENVIRONMENTAL

NutryFarm is fully aware of our 

stakeholders’ high expectations 

in regards to our products and 

processes. 

NutryFarm 

also 

considers the environmental protection and the responsible use 

of the natural resources. 

To protect the environment for the well-being of the future 

generations, we are committed to managing and minimising our 

ecological footprint across our value chain.

Conservation of Energy and Water

NutryFarm 

carries 

out 

environmentally 

friendly 

practices 

to 

contribute 

to 

sustainability and employees are encouraged 

to report any incidences of non-compliance 

of environmental laws and regulations.

NutryFarm continuously raise and promote 

environmental awareness in the Company to become an 

environmental steward and participate in creating a sustainable 

future. 

Examples include reminding employees to switch off the lights 

when they are no longer in use, as well as minimising the 

wastage of precious water during the cleaning of equipment and 

machineries.  

Our utilities consumption of our operations in PRC for the period 

under review is as follows:

In the conduct of our 

business activities, the 

main areas of water 

and 

energy 

usage 

are 

predominantly 

across our offices and 

factories. As depicted 

in the above graph, 

total water and energy 

consumption was approximately 9,294 tonnes and 507 MWh in FY 

2018. The increase of water consumption from July to September 

2017 was due to water pipe burst at the factory which Company 

took immediate actions to have it repaired upon discovery. The 

increase in electricity usage during same period is due to summer 

months in China. 

NutryFarm prioritises the minimization of the precious energy and 

water resources, with resources being consumed in accordance 

to production plan and when necessary.

Our proactive tracking and monitoring of the consumption of 

resources resulted in significant reduction and conservation of 

energy and water resources during the second half of the financial 

year. Consequently, our conservation efforts also translated to 

significant cost savings for the Company. The Company aims to 

continue its energy and water saving efforts and look at reduction 

of 2% in the next financial year.   

Effluents and Waste

NutryFarm strives to meet our responsibility to protect the 

environment to the best of our ability. Due to the inherent nature 

of our manufacturing line, it is inevitable that waste will be 

generated from our production activities. Nonetheless, we are 

continuously working to reduce and minimize the impact that our 

business activities bring to the environment.

Systematic waste management minimizes 

disposal volumes and costs. Safe disposal 

channels with separation according to the 

type of waste has been put in place to serve 

this purpose. All of NutryFarm’s waste 

products will be identified and categorized 

under recyclable and non-recyclable and 

disposed in accordance to the standard 

operating procedure set out by the Company. 























































At present, NutryFarm has engaged a waste management and 

disposal company to properly dispose all of the waste products, 

preventing any leakage of hazardous waste that are harmful to 

the environment and community at large. A total of 9,294 m³ of 

by-product waste material of our production was handled by the 

waste management company. 

In FY 2018, no spills of any effluents and waste were recorded 

during its disposal and our day-to-day business activities.  There 

were also no non-compliance, fines or sanctions relating to 

environmental regulations being imposed on NutryFarm. Moving 

forward, NutryFarm aims to maintain our healthy record of zero 

non-compliance to all relevant environmental regulations. On top 

of that, the Company plans to participate in voluntary and charity 

events, supporting the community and the under-privileged.

 

CONSUMER 

Our consumers rely on NutryFarm brand for 

safe, high quality products that they can trust. 

As such, we are committed to implement 

comprehensive quality controls and processes 

at every stage of our supply chain.

Consumer Health and Safety 

All NutryFarm’s products, including their raw materials and 

ingredients are fully compliant with local regulations, including 

the standards defined by PRC’s National Food Safety Standard 

for Food Additive Use, National Food Safety Standard on Food 

Labelling of Pre-packaged Special Diet and General Hygiene 

Regulation for Food Production 

To ensure that these standards are fulfilled, we are committed 

to conducting responsible, safe and sustainable research and 

development that respects the concerns of our consumers and 

community. Prior to the purchase of our raw materials and 

imported products, NutryFarm will perform product tests to 

ensure that these materials and products meets all food safety 

and regulatory requirements. 

NutryFarm also makes it a point to visit suppliers’ manufacturing 

plants and perform inspection on the environment and 

manufacturing processes, ensuring that the suppliers meet 

the Company’s requirements as well as all relevant regulatory 

requirements. For our internal manufacturing processes, product 

safety and hygiene are also very stringent and highly scrutinized. 




NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2018

NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2018

12

13

QUALITY ASSURANCE and

SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

MATERIAL TOPICS ~

AT A GLANCE

Intellectual Property Management 

NutryFarm works to implement intellectual property strategies and enhancement of our research and development capabilities. As at 

March 2018, NutryFarm hold a total of 12 patents in PRC for our product formulas, ingredients extraction method, packaging and design. 

We strictly enforce monitoring system of patent application in compliance with the requirements of the “Patent Law of the PRC”, the 

“Rules for the implementation of the Patent law of the PRC” and the “Enterprise Intellectual Property Management”. 





NutryFarm strives to improve our product quality standards, with quality management on the production and ensuring strict compliances 

to our quality assurance procedures and to requirements under various certifications. Our quality assurance team consisted of the 

following departments.  

Production department is the overall in charge overseeing the quality assurance system throughout the production process while the 

remaining departments are overseeing the following:

Facilities Management department ensures that the facilities are calibrated and maintained to ensure smooth production process and 

quality products. 

Logistics department conduct inspection based on our quality standards for ingredients and finished goods. 

Quality assurance department exercises quality supervision on the production process. 

The Company has also set up a quality assurance system as follows:

In light of more stringent requirements in product marketing in PRC, the Company targets to implement and formalise compliant 

marketing to comply with the Advertising Law of the PRC, the Provisions on the Administration of Pharmaceutical Directions and Labels 

as well as other laws and regulations related to advertising and label administrations.   

Production 

Department

Facilities

Management

Department

Logistics

Department

Quality Assurance 

Department

Formulating 

and establishing 

quality system and 

strategies

Implement quality 

system

Ensuring the effective 

implementation of 

quality management 

system

Follow standard 

procedures in place

Monitor production 

process


NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2018

NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2018

14

15

GRI 

CONTENT INDEX

GRI 

CONTENT INDEX

GRI Standard

Disclosure Title

Page Reference &amp; Remarks

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

ORGANIZATIONAL PROFILE

Disclosure 102-1

Name of the Organization

Corporate Profile, Annual Report Page 1

Disclosure 102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

Corporate Profile, Annual Report Page 1

Disclosure 102-3 

Location of headquarters

Corporate Information, Annual Report Page 5

Disclosure 102-4

Location of operations

Corporate Profile, Annual Report Page 1

Disclosure 102-5

Ownership and legal form

About NutryFarm, Annual Report Page 4

Disclosure 102-6

Markets served

Corporate Profile, Annual Report Page 1

Disclosure 102-7

Scale of the Organization

About NutryFarm, Annual Report Page 4

Disclosure 102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Talent Attraction and Retention, Page 11

Disclosure 102-9

Supply Chain

Sustainable Supply Chain, Page13

Disclosure 102-10

Significant changes to the organization and its 

supply chain

Sustainable Supply Chain, Page13

Disclosure 102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

Quality Assurance and Supply Chain Management Page 13

Disclosure 102-12

External initiatives

None 

Disclosure 102-13

Membership of associations

None 

STRATEGY

Disclosure 102-14

Statement from senior decision maker

CEO’s Message, Annual Report Page 6;

Board’s Statement Page 1

Disclosure 102-15

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

Risk Assessment, Page 10 

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY

Disclosure 102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

bahavior

Our Core Values, Annual Report Page 1

Disclosure 102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about 

ethics

Corporate Governance Report, Annual Report Page 27- Whistle- 

blowing policy

GOVERNANCE

Disclosure 102-18

Governance structure

Corporate Governance Report, Annual Report Page 21

Disclosure 102-19

Delegating authority

Managing Sustainability at NutryFarm- Sustainability Reporting 

Committee- Page 4

Disclosure 102-20

Executive-level responsibility for economic, 

environmental, and social topics

Managing Sustainability at NutryFarm- Sustainability Reporting 

Committee- Page 4

Disclosure 102-21

Consulting stakeholders on economic, 

environmental and social topics

Stakeholder Engagement, Page 5

Disclosure 102-22

Composition of the highest governance body and 

its committee

Corporate Governance Report, Annual Report Page 18

Disclosure 102-23

Chair of the highest governance body

Corporate Governance Report, Annual Report Page 18 to 21

Disclosure 102-24

Nominating and selecting the highest 

governance body

Corporate Governance Report, Annual Report Page 18 to 21

Disclosure 102-25

Conflicts of interest

Corporate Governance Report, Annual Report Page 18 to 21

Disclosure 102-26

Role of highest governance body in setting 

purposes, values, and strategy

Managing Sustainability at NutryFarm- Sustainability Reporting 

Committee- Page 4

Disclosure 102-27

Collective knowledge of highest governance body Managing Sustainability at NutryFarm- Sustainability Reporting 

Committee- Page 4

Disclosure 102-28

Evaluating the highest governance body’s 

performance 

Managing Sustainability at NutryFarm- Sustainability Reporting 

Committee- Page 4

Disclosure 102-29

Identifying and managing economic, 

environmental, and social impacts

Managing Sustainability at NutryFarm- Sustainability Reporting 

Committee- Page 4

Disclosure 102-30

Effectiveness of risk management process

Risk Assessment, Page 10

Disclosure 102-31

Review of economic, environmental, and social 

topics

Material Topics – At A Glance, Page 7

Disclosure 102-32

Highest governance body’s role in sustainability 

reporting

Managing Sustainability at NutryFarm- Sustainability Reporting 

Committee- Page 4

Disclosure 102-33

Communicating critical concerns

Stakeholder Engagement- Page 5 

Disclosure 102-34

Nature and total number of critical concerns

Stakeholder Engagement- Page 5

Disclosure 102-35

Remuneration policies

Annual Report- Corporate Government Report- Procedures for 

Developing Remuneration Policies, Annual Report Page 23

GRI Standard

Disclosure Title

Page Reference &amp; Remarks

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

Disclosure 102-36

Process for determining remuneration

Level and Mix of Remuneration, Annual Report Page 23

Disclosure 102-37

Stakeholders’ involvement in remuneration

Annual Report- Corporate Government Report- Procedures for 

Developing Remuneration Policies Page 23 

Disclosure 102-38

Annual total compensation ratio

We choose not to disclose as we reward based on meritocracy.

Disclosure 102-39

Percentage increase in annual total 

compensation ratio

We choose not to disclose as we reward based on meritocracy.

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

Disclosure 102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder Engagement, Page 5

Disclosure 102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

None of our employees have joined trade union. 

Disclosure 102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Stakeholder Engagement, Page 5

Disclosure 102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder Engagement, Page 5

Disclosure 102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder Engagement, Page 5

REPORTING PRACTICE

Disclosure 102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements

Report on the Audit of the Financial Statement, Page 34

Disclosure 102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

About This Report, Page 3

Disclosure 102-47

List of material topics

Material Topics – At A Glance, Page 7

Disclosure 102-48

Restatements of information

This is Company’s first sustainability report.

Disclosure 102-49

Changes in reporting

This is Company’s first sustainability report.

Disclosure 102-50

Reporting period

About This Report, Page 3

Disclosure 102-51

Date of most recent report

This is Company’s first sustainability report. 

Disclosure 102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

Disclosure 102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

About This Report, Page 3

Disclosure 102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards

About This Report, Page 3

Disclosure 102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index, Page 17

Disclosure 102-56

External assurance

Not sought

MANAGEMENT APPROACH

Disclosure 103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

Regulatory Compliance, Page 9

Employee Training and Development, Page 9

Talent Attraction and Retention, Page 9

Conservation of Energy and Water, Page 10

Effluents and Waste, Page 11

Consumer Health and Safety, Page 11

Sustainable Supply Chain, Page 13

Disclosure 103-2

The management approach and its components

Disclosure 103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

MATERIAL TOPICS

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

Disclosure 201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

Not applicable

Disclosure 201-2

Financial implications and other risks and 

opportunities due to climate change

Not applicable

Disclosure 201-3

Defined benefit plan obligations and other 

retirement plans

Not applicable 

Disclosure 201-4

Financial assistance received from government

Not applicable 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

Disclosure 307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations

Effluents and Waste, Page 11

ENERGY

Disclosure 302-1

Energy consumption within the organization

Conservation of Energy and Water, Page 10

Disclosure 302-2

Energy consumption outside of the organization

Not applicable

Disclosure 302-3

Energy intensity

Not applicable

Disclosure 302-4

Reduction of energy consumption

Not applicable

Disclosure 302-5

Reductions in energy requirements of products 

and services

Not applicable


NURTRYFARM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Sustainability Report 2018

16

WATER

Disclosure 303-1

Water withdrawal by source

Not applicable

Disclosure 303-2

Water sources significantly affected by 

withdrawal of water

Not applicable

Disclosure 303-3

Water recycled and reused

We will measure in FY2019.  

EMPLOYMENT

Disclosure 401-1

New employee hires and employee turnover

Talent Attraction and Retention, Page 9

Disclosure 401-2

Benefits provided to full-time employees that 

are not provided to temporary or part-time 

employees

Talent Attraction and Retention, Page 9

Disclosure 401-3

Parental leave

Talent Attraction and Retention, Page 9

TRAINING AND EDUCATION

Disclosure 404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

We will measure in FY2019.  

Disclosure 404-2

Programs for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programs

We will commence in FY2019.  

Disclosure 404-3

Percentage of employees receiving regular 

performance and career development reviews

100%

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY

Disclosure 405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

We choose not to disclose as we reward based on meritocracy. 

Disclosure 405-2

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of 

women to men

We choose not to disclose as we reward based on meritocracy. 

LOCAL COMMUNITIES

Disclosure 413-1

Operations with local community engagement, 

impact assessments and development programs

Not Applicable 

Disclosure 413-2

Operations with significant actual and potential 

negative impacts on local communities

Not Applicable

GRI 

CONTENT INDEX

