
 

 

 

 




 

 

 

 

Contents 

 

Corporate Profile 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  1 

Board Statement 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  3 

Policy, Practices and Performance Reporting  

 

  5 

Economic 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  7 

Environmental 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  9 

Social  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10 

Governance  

 

 

 

 

 

 

14 

GRI Standards Content Index 

 

 

 

 

16 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sponsor Statement 

 

The sustainability report has been prepared by Ocean Sky International Limited (the “Company”) and its contents have been 

reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, UOB Kay Hian Private Limited (the “Sponsor”), for compliance with the relevant rules of 

the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B:Rules of Catalist.  

 

This sustainability report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the 

contents of this sustainability report, including the accuracy, completeness or correctness of any of the information, statements 

or opinions made or reports contained in this sustainability report.  

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr Lance Tan, Senior Vice President, at 8 Anthony Road, #01-01, Singapore 229957, 

telephone (65) 6590 6881. 

 


 

1 

 

 

CORPORATE PROFILE 

 

Ocean Sky International Limited (“Ocean Sky” or the “Company” and together with its subsidiaries, the 

“Group”) is a Catalist-listed construction and property company. The Group is engaged in the civil 

engineering, construction and related services business (“Construction and Engineering Business”), 

and the business of property development, investment and management (“Property Business”). 

 

Construction and Engineering Business  

 

The Group’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Ang Tong Seng Brothers Enterprises Pte Ltd (“ATS”), operates 

primarily in Singapore and provides civil engineering services including earthwork, roadwork, drainage 

work, basement work, structural works involving demolition and underground infrastructure as well as 

other general building works. 

 

In addition, ATS’ wholly-owned subsidiary, Ang Tong Seng Construction Pte. Ltd. (“ATSC”), continues 

to streamline the Group’s civil engineering operations through the wholesaling and leasing of 

construction-related machinery, equipment, materials and supplies. 

 

Registered with the Building and Construction Authority of Singapore, ATS is currently classified under 

Grade C3 for the General Building category and Grade C1 for the Civil Engineering category. 

 

Property Business 

 

Property Development 

Singapore  

The Group, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Atlantic Sky Investment Pte. Ltd., redeveloped a 999-

year leasehold property at 6 Nim Drive into a detached house for sale. Through its joint venture 

company, TSky Development Pte. Ltd., the Group has begun the redevelopment of two freehold 

properties into high-end residential units. The two properties are Sloane Residences at 17 Balmoral 

Road in District 10 and Cairnhill 16 at 16 Cairnhill Rise in District 9. 

 

Cambodia  

The Group’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Pacific Sky Investment Pte. Ltd., together with its joint venture 

partners, are developing a proposed 71-unit shophouse development project, Eco Garden Mall, on a 

freehold land area of approximately 9,185 square metres in Kandal Province. 

 


 

2 

 

 

Property Investment 

The Group’s investment properties in Singapore and Melbourne, Australia provide a source of recurring 

rental income. 

 

Singapore  

17 Tuas View Close is a 60-year leasehold two-storey detached factory with ancillary office with a gross 

floor area (“GFA”) of 1,339 square metres, located within an industrial development in Tuas. It is leased 

to a single tenant for a three-year tenure commencing July 2017. 

 

Australia 

541 Blackburn Road is a four-storey office building with a net lettable area (“NLA”) of 3,628 square 

metres in the Monash Technology precinct in Melbourne. Sitting on a freehold site area measuring 

6,210 square metres, this investment property offers a 150-metre-long corner street frontage and has 

157 on-site car parking lots. It is currently 100% leased to a premium and diversified tenant mix with a 

weighted average lease expiry (“WALE”) by income of approximate 4.04 years.


 

3 

 

 

BOARD STATEMENT  

 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

We are pleased to present the annual Sustainability Report of Ocean Sky International Limited for our 

financial year ended 31 December 2019 (“FY2019”).  

 

For our FY2019 report, we continued to focus on the Construction and Engineering Business under 

ATS and its subsidiary (“ATS Group”), being the business segment that contributed 99% of the Group’s 

revenue in FY2019. We will include the rest of the Group entities under the Real Estate Business as 

this report progresses. Joint venture activities have been excluded as the operational control were run 

by different respective management teams. 

 

Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its stakeholders. 

As such, the key material economic, environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) factors for the 

Group have been identified and cautiously reviewed by the Management. The data and information 

provided have not been verified by an independent third party. We have relied on internal data 

monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy of data and information. The board of directors of the 

Group (the “Board”) oversees the management and monitoring of these factors and takes them into 

consideration in the determination of the Group’s strategic direction and policies.  

 

REPORTING FRAMEWORK, PERIOD AND SCOPE 

This report is prepared in compliance with the requirements of Rules 711A and 711B of the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist Rules”), 

and references the phased approach as described in Practice Note 7F: Sustainability Reporting Guide 

of the Catalist Rules and the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards, Core option. We have 

chosen GRI as the sustainability reporting framework as it is internationally recognised and is widely 

adopted, enabling us to achieve a comprehensive and comparable disclosure of environmental, social 

and governance performance. This report highlights the EESG related initiatives carried throughout a 

12-month period, from 1 January to 31 December 2019. 

 

The Company’s sustainability report summarises the expectation from various stakeholders, general 

business environment that the Group is operating in and what the Group has done in order to ensure 

the sustainability of the Group over the years. 

 

The information disclosed in this Sustainability Report, read together with the information in the annual 

report for FY2019 (“Annual Report 2019”), will provide the reader with a holistic view of the operations 

of our Group. We will strive to maintain and/or improve the standards of the various EESG factors 

reported where appropriate and practicable, in accordance with the business activities of the Group in 

the future. 

 


 

4 

 

 

FEEDBACK 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables 

us to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and 

suggestions to enquiry@oceanskyintl.com. 

 

ACCESS 

No hard copies of this Sustainability Report have been printed as part of our efforts to promote 

environmental 

conservation. 

You 

may 

visit 

SGX 

website 

or 

our 

company 

website 

https://www.oceanskyintl.com for our Sustainability Report. 

 

 

On behalf of the Board 

 

Ang Boon Cheow Edward 

Executive Chairman &amp; Chief Executive Officer 

 

 

29 May 2020 

 


 

5 

 

 

POLICY, PRACTICES AND PERFORMANCE 

REPORTING 

 

 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT  

An important starting point in our sustainability 

journey is to identify our stakeholders and material 

factors relevant to our business. The interests and 

requirements of key stakeholders are also taken into 

account when formulating corporate strategies. 

These key stakeholders include, amongst others, 

shareholders, employees, customers, suppliers and 

authorities. We adopt both formal and informal 

channels of communication such as face-to-face 

meetings and supplier visits to understand the needs 

of key stakeholders and incorporate these into our 

corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial 

relationships. 

 

Stakeholder 

Engagement Platform 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Key Concerns Raised 

Employees 

Emails 

Meetings 

Performance appraisal 

Welfare &amp; social events 

Training 

Daily 

Monthly 

Annually 

Ad hoc 

Ad hoc 

 

Workplace safety 

 

Workers welfare 

 

Talent retention and 

career progression 

Customers 

Email communications, phone calls 

Meetings 

Company website 

(http://www.oceanskyintl.com)  

Daily 

Ad hoc 

Ad hoc 

 

On time project 

completion 

 

Service quality 

 

Workplace safety 

 

Competitive prices 

Suppliers 

and Service 

Providers 

Email communications, phone calls 

Meetings 

Site visits 

Trade events 

Daily 

Ad hoc 

Ad hoc 

Ad hoc 

 

Prompt payment 

 

Service quality 

Investors / 

Shareholders 

 

Announcements via SGXNet, company 

website 

General meetings 

Annual report 

Ad hoc / Quarterly 

 

Annually 

Annually 

 

Compliance to rules 

and regulations 

 

Financial results 

 

Business updates 

 

Government 

and 

Regulators 

 

Seminars conducted by regulators 

Relevant government association 

memberships 

Email communications 

Ad hoc 

Ad hoc 

 

Ad hoc 

 

Compliance to rules 

and regulations 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY 

METHODOLOGY 











Plan and 

Scope

Engage 

Stakeholders

Assess 

Materiality

Collect 

Data

Report


 

6 

 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT  

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant factors. Relevant factors are then 

prioritised to identify material factors which are validated internally. The end result of this process is a 

list of material factors disclosed in the Sustainability Report. Process of which are as shown below: 

 

We conducted a materiality assessment during the year with the help of an external consultant to 

determine the material EESG factors. Materiality review is conducted every year, incorporating inputs 

from the stakeholder engagements. 

 

To determine if an EESG factor is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment, society and the influence on the stakeholders. Senior Management took part along with 

our consultant, taking into account the views of Ocean Sky's various internal stakeholders. EESG 

factors were identified and prioritised through internal workshops, peer reviews and social impact 

assessments at site level. Applying the guidance from GRI, we have identified the following material 

EESG factors: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

IDENTIFICATION

PRIORITISATION

VALIDATION

REVIEW



GOVERNANCE 

 

Corporate Governance 

Risk Management 

Business Ethics and Compliance 



SOCIAL  

 

Employment 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

Occupational Health and Safety 

Training and Education 

Socioeconomic Compliance 



ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

Energy 

Water 

Environmental Compliance 



ECONOMIC 

 

Economic Performance 

Anti-Corruption 

 

 










 

7 

 

 

ECONOMIC 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

Ocean Sky firmly believes that focusing on financial sustainability is critical. The Company’s basic 

principle is that long-term profitability and shareholder value is ensured by taking into account the 

interests of stakeholders, such as shareholders, employees, customers, suppliers and society as a 

whole.  

 

In FY2019, heightened trade tensions between the United States and China dominated headlines and 

added to the external economic headwinds. In 2020, volatility and uncertainty continue to cloud the 

global economic outlook as the world battles COVID-19. Both situations have had a particularly strong 

impact on China and the ripple effect has dented the economies of China’s major trading partners, 

including Singapore, Cambodia and Australia where we operate. 

 

Within the construction sector, we recognise the potential risks of disruption in the supply of manpower 

and materials following the outbreak of COVID-19. Indeed, the Government has also voiced its concern 

that major infrastructure projects such as Changi Airport Terminal 5 and new MRT stations could be 

delayed if COVID-19 drags on1. The Group has proactively implemented preventative measures at its 

project sites and dormitories and will continue to monitor the situation closely. 

 

In the property sector, the Singapore market faced a challenging sales environment amidst a bearish 

mood due to the outbreak of COVID-19. Moreover, competition will be intense as it is estimated that 

around 46 per cent of units to be launched in 2020 will come from the luxury segment or the core central 

region (CCR)2. 

 

In response to these challenges, we will continue to focus on long-term growth opportunities to further 

strengthen the Group’s ability to weather any short-term uncertainties in the future.  

 

The Group achieved a 7.7% year-on-year increase in revenue from S$22.12 million in the previous 

corresponding year (“FY2018”) to S$23.82 million for FY2019. The increase in revenue was mainly due 

to the higher volume of work performed and certified across the Group’s construction and engineering 

segment in FY2019 as compared to FY2018. Furthermore, other income increased by S$0.18 million 

to S$0.45 million for FY2019 as compared to S$0.27 million for FY2018 due mainly to higher amount 

of gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment as well as higher interest income earned on more 

short term fixed deposit placements made at higher interest rates. The Group recorded a loss after 

income tax of S$8.36 million for FY2019, compared to a loss after income tax of S$9.57 million recorded 

for FY2018. 

 

1 The Straits Times, 5 Mar 2020, Parliament: Changi T5, new MRT stations could be delayed if Covid-19 outbreak 

drags on says Khaw 

2 The Straits Times, 1 Mar 2020, What Covid-19 does to already fragile residential market 


 

8 

 

 

 

  

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our Annual Report 2019: 

 

Financial highlights, pages 4 to 5; 

 

Operations review, pages 16 to 17; and 

 

Financial statements, pages 52 to 119. 






 

9 

 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

Ocean Sky does not tolerate any form of corruption. This has been made clear to all of our employees, 

suppliers and business partners. There were no incidents of corruption reported in FY2019 (FY2018: 

Nil). We will remind our staff regarding our anti-corruption policy annually and strive to ensure that there 

will be no incidents of corruption in the Group for the financial year ending 31 December 2020 

(“FY2020”). 

 

Whistle-blowing policy 

The Company has put in place a whistle-blowing framework whereby staff of the Group may, in 

confidence, raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other 

matters. The framework includes arrangements for independent investigation and appropriate follow-

up of such matters. 

 

To ensure independent investigation of such matters and for appropriate follow-up action, all whistle-

blowing reports are addressed and sent to the Audit Committee Chairman. A whistle-blower email 

address has been created for reporting suspected fraud, corruption, dishonest practices or other similar 

matters. Details of the whistle-blowing policy and arrangements have been made known to all staff. In 

addition, new staff is briefed on the policy during the orientation programme. No whistle-blowing report 

was received during FY2019 (FY2018: Nil). 

 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

ENERGY AND WATER 

The Group is fully aware of its responsibility for nurturing the environment and lessening negative 

environmental consequences at our worksites and the environment where we operate. We monitor our 

energy (both electricity and diesel) and water consumption at our work places to ensure that we use 

our resources economically, meaningfully and responsibly.  

 

Ang Tong Seng Brothers Enterprises Pte Ltd has been awarded BCA Green and Gracious 

Builder (SMC) Award in the category Certified in 2016.  

 

Below are our performance indicators in FY2019 compared to FY2018: 

 

 

 



 

2019 

2018 

Electricity consumption (kWh) 

146,495 

149,619 

Diesel consumption (litres) 

633,495 

602,759 

Water consumption (Cu M) 

2,284 

1,795 


 

10 

 

 

Our electricity consumption decreased by 2% due to reduced overtime working hours at the workshop. 

Our diesel consumption increased by 5% in line with the increased of our revenue by 7.7%.  

 

Higher utilisation of our excavators in line with higher volume of works performed in FY2019 let to the 

27% increase in our water consumption. We washed and cleaned our excavators in our workshop upon 

return from a site before sending these out to the next job.  

 

To achieve cost reduction and improve service delivery, ATSC fabricated the supplies of construction-

related materials and undertook the maintenance of machinery to support ATS projects. We target to 

maintain or lower our energy and water consumption in FY2020.  

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

Similar to FY2018, there were no incidents of non-compliance with environmental-related laws and 

regulations resulting in significant fines or sanctions in FY2019, and we endeavour to maintain this track 

record in FY2020.  

 

To help the environment in our own little ways, we strive to continue the following initiatives: 

 double-sided printing to reduce paper wastage 

 re-using water for washing to reduce water wastage 

 switching off lights and air-conditioners during lunch break 

 recycling materials from one project to another where possible. 

 

 

SOCIAL 

 

EMPLOYMENT 

Every employee plays an essential role in our company. We achieve success by promoting a 

collaborative work environment in which everyone is committed to achieve our corporate goals based 

on open and honest communications while showing care and support for each other. Our employees 

are the drivers of our business and we believe in creating a respectful, rewarding and safe working 

environment for our people. We support and respect the protection of internationally proclaimed human 

rights.  

 

We respect human rights, support the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour, 

especially child labour, and do not tolerate any discrimination in respect of employment and occupation.  

 

We provide competitive remuneration based on merit to all our employees. Our employees are not 

covered by collective bargaining agreements.  

 

 


 

11 

 

 

5%

95%

GENDER

Female

Male

36%

45%

19%

AGE

below 30

30 to 50

above 50

66%

13%

7%

5%

9%

NATIONALITY

Indian

Singaporean

Malaysian

Bangladeshi

Others

4%

96%

GENDER

Female

Male

38%

45%

17%

AGE

below 30

30 to 50

above 50

66%

14%

6%

7%

7%

NATIONALITY

Indian

Singaporean

Malaysian

Bangladeshi

Others

ATS Group has a total of 227 employees in FY2019 (FY2018: 205) with 29% (FY2018: 19%) new 

recruitments over 18% (FY2018: 25%) resignations.  

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY  

We do not discriminate employees according to their race, age, gender, religion, ethnicity, facial 

attractiveness, physical impairments, sexual preference, political viewpoints or nationality. We strive to 

achieve a fair proportion of diversity in terms of gender, age and nationality in our workforce. We aim 

to provide equal opportunities to all employees based on their individual skillset and competencies.  

 

We will ensure to be fair with our employees as well as no discrimination in our company.  

 

Our headcounts for FY2018 and FY2019 were distributed as follows. Our gender ratio remains relatively 

the same for both FY2018 and FY2019.  

 

2018 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2019 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

12 

 

 

We enjoy major festive celebrations with our employees. Long service awardees were given cash 

rewards for their continuous support and contribution.  

 

ATS has its Family Day on 30 April 2019 whereby all employees including the workers had a catered 

lunch with lucky draws and long service awards presented to the awardees.  

 

ATS Family Day on 30 April 2019 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 














 

13 

 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

We are also committed to safeguarding our employees’ health and safety against any potential 

workplace hazards. The focus on health and safety is important for Ocean Sky. It is not only a 

fundamental right for our workers to be able to work in a safe environment, but when our employees’ 

wellness is attained, our productivity increases, and our best is given to our customers. By implementing 

job safety guidelines, we are committed to provide a hazard-free workplace to ensure the well-being of 

both our employees and environment.  

 

Ocean Sky employs a variety of measures to ensure the health and safety of all our staff. Daily onsite 

work briefing, including risks assessments, required safety measures, designed personal safety 

protections, and most importantly, the spirit of team-work, are strongly emphasised on each individual 

project site, by our designated competent safety coordinator. Lead safety coordinator and safety officer 

are always on random site checks to ensure safety compliances and put up necessary discussions and 

comments to the respective teams, so as to further improve on the safety measures and well-being at 

the ongoing project. There were no reported incident of work-related accident in FY2019 (FY2018: Nil). 

We endeavour to maintain this track record and target to have zero reportable incident of work-related 

accident to the Ministry of Manpower in FY2020.  

 

Given that we value our employees’ health and safety as a priority within our organisation, achieving 

these required certifications and implementing the framework of systems is vital to our organisation. 

The implementation of the framework has enabled us to systematically identify, reduce and mitigate 

risks involved in the operations within the Group. 

 

We currently have the following certifications: 

Current Certification 

Date issue 

Expire date 

Certificate of Commendation (commitment to WSH in building a safe and healthy 

work culture through CultureSAFE) 

30-Sep-19 

29-Sep-21 

ISO 9001:2015 

14-Jun-17 

14-Jun-20 

BizSafe Star Certificate 

22-May-18 

29-May-21 

OHSAS-18001:2007 

15-May-18 

29-May-21 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

It is in the interest of the Company that career development programmes are set for individual 

employees on an on-going basis based on their individual needs and goals. A total of 34 training 

programmes have been provided to our employees in FY2019 (FY2018: 20 programmes) averaging 2 

days (FY2018: 2 days) per employee who attended. We will continue to provide trainings to our 

employees for their development and will target at least 5% of our total employee to attend trainings 

annually.  

 

 


 

14 

 

 

Course Title 

Course Objective 

Employee Category 

Basic Traffic Control Course (BTCC) 

To have basic understanding of public safety acts 

and regulations as well as LTA code of practices for 

traffic control at work zone. 

 

Construction Worker 

Construction Safety Course for 

Project Managers 

Familiar with safety and health legislations to deal 

with hazards in the construction worksite and 

prevent accident through the implementation and 

audit of the safety management system. 

 

Project Manager 

Continuing Education &amp; Training 

(CET) course in Reinforced 

Concrete Works 

The need for continuously improving our workers' 

skill and their capability development 

Site Manager                                

Site Supervisor                

Construction Worker 

Hydraulic Excavator Operation (As 

Lifting Machine) 

Provide training and hands-on operation in a range 

of excavation work processes. Equipping worker 

with knowledge &amp; skills on the safe operation and 

basic maintenance of excavator. 

 

Construction Worker 

Occupational First Aid Refresher 

To have relevant knowledge and application skills 

in demostrating first aid skills to apply at workplace. 

Site Supervisor 

Perform Rigger and Signalman 

Tasks 

Perform Rigger and Signalman Tasks. 

Construction Worker 

Perform Work in Confirned Space 

Operation 

Introduce workers to the common safety &amp; health 

hazards &amp; takes necessary preventive measures to 

avoid injuries working in manholes &amp; other confined 

spaces. 

 

Construction Worker 

Supervise Construction Work for 

WSH 

Equip 

worker 

with 

adequate 

safety 

and 

occupational health training for supervising any 

work or process carried out at site. 

 

Site Supervisor               

Construction Worker 

Supervise Safe Lifting Operation 

To equip worker with necessary skills on lifting 

operation involving the use of any crane. 

Construction Worker 

 

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE 

We pride ourselves in having good corporate governance and observing compliance with applicable 

laws and regulations. The Group is committed to conduct the business with integrity and to safeguard 

the interest of all our stakeholders, both internal and external. There were no significant fines or non-

monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws and regulation in FY2019 (FY2018: Nil). We will 

strictly ensure to be compliant at all times.  

 

 

GOVERNANCE 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The Board and the Management of Ocean Sky are committed to the best practices in corporate 

governance to ensure sustainability of the Group’s operations. We believe that our constant drive for 

corporate excellence will allow us to establish a more transparent, accountable and equitable system, 

thereby increasing the value of the Company and its value to our shareholders. Please refer to the 

Annual Report 2019 pages 18 to 41 for details of the Group’s Corporate Governance Report. 

 


 

15 

 

 

RISK MANAGEMENT  

The Board is committed to ensuring that the Group has an effective and practical enterprise risk 

management framework in place to safeguard Shareholders’ interests, and the sustainability of the 

Group as well as provide a basis to make informed decisions having regard to the risk exposure and 

risk appetite of the Group. For detailed disclosure on our risk management, please refer to pages 31 to 

32 of our Annual Report 2019.  

 

We aim to perform risk assessment annually and ensure compliance on disclosures in accordance with 

SGX-ST requirements. 

 

BUSINESS ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE 

All of our staff are reminded of the importance of upholding the highest standards when it comes to 

business ethics. The Group regularly updates relevant staff with development in international and local 

regulations. There were no non-compliance to laws and regulations as reported under Socio-economic 

compliance above. 


 

 

16 

 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

 

 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

Ocean Sky International Limited 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

Sustainability Report (“SR”) pages 1 to 2 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Annual Report (“AR”) page 3 

102-4 

Location of operations 

SR pages 1 to 2 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

AR pages 3, 57, 120 

102-6 

Markets served 

SR pages 1 to 2 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

SR pages 1, 2, 10 to 12 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

SR pages 10 to 12 

102-9 

Supply chain 

With regard to managing our supply chain, 

Ocean Sky has a process in place for selecting 

our suppliers by checking on their industry 

reputation, track record, and Health, Safety 

and Environment (HSE) standards. We make it 

a priority to engage our potential and current 

suppliers through frequent reviews and 

feedback to ensure they have the right 

capabilities and adequate resources to support 

the Group’s projects and activities. 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

None 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Ocean Sky supports the intent of the 

Precautionary Principle, but has not expressed 

a specific commitment. 

102-12 

External initiatives 

None 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

BCA and SBF 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

SR pages 3 to 4 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour 

AR page 13, SR pages 14 to 15 

102-18 

Governance structure 

SR pages 14 to 15 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR page 5 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR page 5 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR page 5 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR page 5 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

AR page 91 

 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

SR page 3 

 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR page 6 

 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

None 

 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None 

 

102-50 

Reporting period 

SR page 3 

 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

31 May 2019 

 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the report 

SR page 4 

 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

SR page 3  

 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR pages 16 to 17 

 

102-56 

External Assurance 

We may seek external assurance in the future. 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: 

Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

SR pages 7 to 8 

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

SR page 9 

GRI 302: Energy 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organization 

SR pages 9 to 10 


 

 

17 

 

 

GRI 303: Water 

303-1 

Water withdrawal by source 

SR pages 9 to 10 

 GRI 307: 

Environmental 

compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

SR page 10 

GRI 401: 

Employment 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

SR pages 10 to 11 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

health and safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost 

SR pages 13  

GRI 404: Training 

and Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per 

employee 

SR pages 13 to 14 

GRI 405: Diversity 

and equal 

opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

SR pages 11 to 12 

GRI 419: 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in 

the social and economic area 

SR page 14 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



