
 

Sustainability Report 2017 

Nurturing Growth with Sustainability 

 

 

 






Contents 

 

CEO’s Message ......................................................................................................... 3 

Our Sustainability Story .............................................................................................. 5 

Organisation Profile .................................................................................................... 7 

Ethics and Integrity ..................................................................................................... 9 

Governance and Statement of the Board ................................................................. 11 

Stakeholder Engagement ......................................................................................... 12 

Reporting Practice .................................................................................................... 14 

Product Safety .......................................................................................................... 16 

Environmental Awareness ........................................................................................ 17 

Our People, Our Assets ........................................................................................... 20 

Our Community ........................................................................................................ 22 

SGX Five Primary Components Index...................................................................... 24 

GRI Standards Content Index .................................................................................. 24 

 

 

 


3 | P a g e 

 

CEO’s Message 

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

 

We are pleased to present Oceanus 

Group’s first sustainability report.  

 

Oceanus’ commitment to sustainability and 

food security is driven by the Group’s 

mission to produce and supply premium 

seafood products through research-based 

farming. This is backed by our vision to 

become a global seafood supply and value 

chain 

conglomerate 

through 

diversification, alliances and developing 

cutting edge aquaculture technology. 

 

In the last few years, Oceanus has undergone a series of business transitions and 

transformation, resulting in improved farming methods and yield. Oceanus’ business 

model is now geared towards creating competitive advantage and moving throughout 

the supply chain, from science and evidence-based farming techniques for hatchery 

to processing, distribution and consultancy services. We are also exploring 

aquaculture opportunities globally through our consulting arm to capitalise on the 

booming industry and achieve a sustainable revenue stream. 

 

We are aware that climate change is very instrumental to our business continuation, 

as evident from the events of 2011 and 2012 where significant losses were suffered 

as a result of extreme climate conditions. As such, we are dedicated to mitigate any 

adversity caused by climate change by constantly innovating and increasing efficiency 

in our hatchery processes.  As the only land-based abalone farm in the world to employ 

cutting edge technologies for hatchery under carefully controlled environments, we 

have put in place the necessary technological infrastructure to monitor vital breeding 

parameters, such as the pH level, oxygen saturation and salinity, that will determine 

the survival of our spawns, and alert us of anomalies that may be a sign of external 

threats such as algae blooms or red tides, for us to take the necessary precaution in 

good time.  

 

We believe that enhancing food security and ensuring food safety are our long-term 

pillars of sustainable growth. To ensure the health and safety of our customers, we 

only engage reputable distribution suppliers who comply with environmental laws and 

regulations to procure our distribution products. 




4 | P a g e 

 

We would like to extend our appreciation to all stakeholders, past and present, for your 

support to Oceanus all these years. Moving forward, we shall maintain our strong 

relationships and continue to place an emphasis on good sustainability practices. 

 

 

Sincerely, 

MR PETER KOH  

Chief Executive Officer 

 


5 | P a g e 

 

Our Sustainability Story  

 

Our Vision 

 

To be a global producer of seafood with an integrated supply chain that spans from 

upstream farming to downstream distribution and fast moving consumer goods 

(“FMCG”). 

 

Our Mission 

 

To produce quality, nutritional and affordable fresh and frozen seafood products by 

engaging in sustainable land- and sea-based farming practices created through 

innovation in Research and Development (“R&amp;D”) as well as to preserve the 

environment so that our next generation can enjoy a bountiful supply of safe and 

sustainable seafood. 

 

Sustainability Philosophy  

 

We envision to shape the future of aquaculture with a strong focus on food security 

through Sustainable R&amp;D and research-based farming. By incorporating sustainability 

issues into our strategic formulation, we will grow our business and operate without 

harming the environment, keeping in mind our long-term goal of enhancing food 

security. 

 

Sustainability Targets 

 

Oceanus aims to enhance the aquaculture infrastructure in Singapore and abroad, by 

becoming highly scalable, portable and more energy efficient than land-based farms.  

Prioritising the health and safety of our customers, we target to maintain zero food 

safety incidents and continue practising strict compliance with food safety regulations.  

 

The Group endeavours to further reduce any adversity caused by climate change by 

improving our efficiency and innovative efforts. We also aim to increase labour 

efficiency using the Internet of Things (“IoT”) and Artificial Intelligence (“AI”) to improve 

our farming yields. 

 

Noteworthy Milestones 

The Group’s recent success has motivated us to continue providing customers with 

quality products and ensuring sustainable, profitable growth for the benefit of our 

stakeholders.  

 


6 | P a g e 

 

Our recent milestones and accolades reflect not only our drive towards business 

success but also our commitment towards good governance and transparency to our 

stakeholders. Our achievements are as follows: 

 

• Entered into membership with Securities Investors Association (Singapore) in 

2017 to improve public and stakeholder awareness of Oceanus and its 

business 

• Participation in 7th Singapore Investment Week 2018 as keynote speaker  

• Oceanus Group CEO, Mr Peter Koh, conferred the 2018 Outstanding CEO 

award by Influential Brands  

• Entered into a Memorandum of Understanding with China Construction Group 

and Shaw Investments to jointly explore aquaculture-related projects and 

infrastructure 

• Oceanus Oceanic Institute established in February 2018 and designated as 

Oceanus Group’s R&amp;D arm to pursue sustainable aquaculture technologies 

 

 


7 | P a g e 

 

Organisation Profile 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Farming Operations 

 

Abalone hatchery is a core part of the Group’s daily operations. Over the past few 

years, we have transitioned from full-sized abalone farming to a hatchery business 

model where we focus on spawning and producing juvenile abalones. Our customer 

base in this segment predominantly comprises local sea farmers in China who breed 

the juvenile abalones to market-sized abalones.  

 

As a result of this transition, we have mitigated our exposure to mortality risks and 

yield inefficiencies associated with full-sized abalone farming which will take a further 

two to five years. Not only does this establish Oceanus as a premium juvenile abalone 

supplier to local farming businesses, but it also creates a synergistic working 

relationship within the growing aquaculture industry in China. Oceanus re-enters the 

value chain by buying the adult abalones back from local farms for further processing 

before distributing them into the market. 

 

 

 

Since 2017, we have ramped up our efforts to develop our farming capabilities. This 

includes the establishment of Oceanus Tech which focuses on pursuing cutting-edge 

aquaculture technologies. This is done in collaboration with industrial partners and 

global institutions with a strong focus on aquaculture technology, including James 

Cook University, Jimei University, Temasek Polytechnic and Republic Polytechnic. 

Oceanus Oceanic Institute was also established in 2018 to lead our in-house R&amp;D.  

 

Looking forward, we aim to diversify our product portfolio to include other seafood such 

as different types of consumable fishes and prawns. 

 



Company Name: Oceanus Group Limited            

Founded: 1988 

Listed on SGX: 2008 

Company Headquarters: Singapore 

Our Operating Segments 

1. Farming Operations 

2. Distribution &amp; FMCG 

3. Consultancy  

4. Media and Branding 


8 | P a g e 

 

Distribution and FMCG 

 

Currently, we distribute to the Singapore market. With the recent establishment of our 

first import-export arm in Xiamen, China in 2017, this represents our first step towards 

building our distribution network across Asia-Pacific and South America. 

 

Consultancy 

 

With technical expertise in selective genetic breeding, recirculating aquaculture 

systems and other aquaculture-related technologies, Oceanus Group provides 

consultancy services locally and abroad.   

 

We will continue to tap on our expertise and network of partners to seek more 

opportunities for consultancy services, thereby strengthening our track record and 

capabilities.  

 

Media and Branding 

 

In February 2018, we established Capy Comm Pte Ltd (“CCPL”), a media and 

branding arm. Led by experts in the media and branding space, CCPL provides 

services related to video marketing, interactive media, animation videos, visual media, 

content marketing and strategy consulting. 

 

 


9 | P a g e 

 

Ethics and Integrity  

 

 

Ethics and Compliance 

 

Oceanus prioritises ethics management and we set a strong tone at the top. Our ethics 

and compliance programme plays an integral role in the company’s operations. We 

work diligently to ensure that our employees comply with applicable laws and policies 

and adhere to the highest standards of ethics and integrity. 

 

Whistle-blowing Policy  

 

The Group has implemented a whistle-blowing policy where wrongful acts or concerns 

can be raised without fear of reprisal. The whistleblowing policy is part of the Group’s 

commitment to create an environment of integrity and transparency. Employees and 

external suppliers are strongly encouraged to report any concerns or wrongful act to 

the whistleblowing line. Any reported instance of unethical conduct will be thoroughly 

investigated and followed with appropriate disciplinary action. 

 

Interested Person Transactions  

 

The Group has adopted an internal policy in respect of any transactions with interested 

persons and established procedures for the review and approval of such transactions.  

All interested person transactions will be properly documented and submitted to the 

AC for quarterly review to ensure that they are carried out on an arm’s length basis, 

on normal commercial terms and will not be prejudicial to the interests of the 

shareholders.  

 

There were no interested person transactions in FY2017. The Company has not 

adopted any interested person transaction mandate which requires approvals from our 

shareholders. 

 

Dealing in Securities 

 

The Group has adopted and implemented policies in line with the SGX-ST’s best 

practices in relation to the dealing of shares of the Company. The policies have been 

made known to directors, executive officers and any other persons as determined by 

Management who may possess unpublished material price-sensitive information of 

the Group. 

 

The Group has advised Directors and all key executives not to deal in the Company’s 

shares during the period commencing one month prior to the announcement of the 

Company’s interim, half-yearly and full-year results and ending on the date of the 

announcement of the results. 


10 | P a g e 

 

The Group has reminded our Directors and officers that it is an offence under the 

Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289, for a listed issuer or its officers to deal in the 

listed issuer’s securities as well as securities of other listed issuers when the officers 

are in possession of unpublished material price-sensitive information in relation to 

those securities. Directors and executives are expected and reminded to observe 

insider-trading laws at all times even when dealing in securities within permitted 

trading periods. The Group has further reminded our Directors and officers not to deal 

in the Company’s securities on short-term considerations. 

 

Anti-corruption (GRI 205-1, 205-2, 205-3) 

 

Oceanus takes a strong stance against corruption and malpractice in the Group. All 

employees are educated on the Group’s zero tolerance for corruption practices.  

 

In the event of reported corrupt incidents, independent investigations will be carried 

out in an appropriate and timely manner, as and when required. Mitigating and 

preventive measures will be implemented to improve on the existing internal controls 

and policies to prevent recurrence.  

 

There was no incident of corruption in FY2017. 

 

 


11 | P a g e 

 

Governance and Statement of the Board  

 

Oceanus has established a Sustainability Task Force (“STF”) which comprises heads 

of different departments and is chaired by the Group Chief Financial Officer, Mr Duane 

Ho. The Task Force reports to the Board on sustainability matters and execute 

decisions made by the Board. 

 

The Board has considered sustainability issues as part of our strategic formulation, 

approved the material environmental, social and economic topics identified and 

overseen that the factors identified are managed and monitored.  

 

Please refer to the Corporate Governance Report in our Annual Report 2017 for more 

information on corporate governance practices and risk management structure. 

 

 


12 | P a g e 

 

Stakeholder Engagement  

 

The Group understands sustainable growth is dependent upon meeting and 

exceeding the reasonable expectations of our key stakeholders. We determine the 

material topics based on the principle of materiality to stakeholders.  We have engaged 

in meaningful and productive dialogues with them and participated in various industry 

and government forums to keep abreast of any material stakeholder issues.  

 

We identify key stakeholders as groups that have material impact or have the potential 

to be impacted by our operations. The following table summarises our key 

stakeholders, engagement platforms and their key concerns.  

 

Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Issues of Concerns 

Section Reference 

Employees 

• 

Performance appraisal 

system 

• 

Health and Safety 

• 

Remuneration 

• 

Staff Benefits 

• 

Occupational 

Health &amp; Safety 

• 

Ethics and 

Conduct 

• 

Compliance with 

local labour laws 

• 

Our People, Our 

Assets 

Suppliers 

• 

Supplier socioeconomic 

and environmental 

assessment 

• 

Environmental 

compliance 

• 

Managing Our 

Suppliers 

Customers 

• 

Annual Reports 

• 

Product quality 

feedback 

• 

Quality and safety 

of products 

• 

Food Safety 

Certifications 

• 

Compliance with 

local health and 

safety regulations 

• 

Marketing and 

Labelling 

• 

Product Safety 

Governments 

and Regulators 

• 

Quarterly 

announcements on 

SGX 

• 

Annual Reports 

• 

Sustainability Reporting 

• 

Ongoing dialogues 

 

• 

Regulatory and 

Industrial 

requirements  

• 

Environmental 

compliance with 

local regulations 

• 

Environmental 

Compliance 

• 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

• 

Product Safety 

• 

Managing Our 

Suppliers 

Community 

• 

Engagement in 

community services 

• 

Environmental 

impact 

• 

Social 

development 

• 

Environmental 

Awareness 

• 

Giving Back to 

Society 


13 | P a g e 

 

Shareholders 

and investors 

• 

Annual Reports 

• 

Investor Relations 

Management 

• 

Annual General 

Meetings 

• 

Economic 

performance 

• 

Anti-corruption  

• 

Foot safety 

• 

Product Safety 

• 

Anti-corruption 

 

 


14 | P a g e 

 

Reporting Practice 

 

Our first sustainability report is produced in accordance to the GRI standards “Core” 

option covering our Group’s performance from 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017.  

The GRI standards represent the global best practices for reporting on economic, 

environmental and social topics.  

 

The report also incorporates the primary components of report content as set out by 

the SGX’s “Comply or Explain” requirements on sustainability reporting under Listing 

Rule 711B. 

 

GRI does not require external assurance and the Group’s STF has assessed that 

external assurance is not required as the Group is laying the foundations for a 

sustainability reporting framework this year. 

 

This report supplements the Group’s 2017 Annual Report, which is available online at: 

https://oceanus.com.sg/. Detailed section reference with GRI Standards is found at 

the GRI Standards Content Index section of this report.  

 

The Group’s material topics are identified based on their impact on our internal and 

external stakeholders, as outlined in the Stakeholders Engagement section. 

 

Material Topics 

Report Sections and Indicators 

Boundaries   

ECONOMIC 

Economic 

Performance 

Dealing with Climate Change (GRI 201-2) 

Farming Operations 

Market 

Presence 

Ethical Labour Practices (GRI 202-1) 

Workforce Diversity (GRI 202-2) 

Group-wide 

Indirect 

Economic 

Impacts 

Continuing Innovation (GRI 203-2) 

Anti-corruption 

Anti-Corruption (GRI 205-1, 205-2, 205-3) 

ENVIRONMENTAL  

Energy 

Energy and Emissions Management (GRI 302-4) 

Group-wide 

Water 

Water and Effluents Management (GRI 303-1) 

Emissions 

Energy and Emissions Management (GRI 305-5) 

Effluents and 

Waste 

Water and Effluents Management (GRI 306-1) 

Environmental 

Compliance 

Environmental Compliance (GRI 307-1) 

Farming Operations 

Supplier 

Environment 

Assessment 

Managing Our Suppliers (GRI 308-1, 308-2) 

Group-wide including 

Farming Operations and 

Distribution 

 

 


15 | P a g e 

 

Material Topics 

Report Sections and Indicators 

Boundaries   

SOCIAL  

Employment 

Workforce Diversity (GRI 401-1) 

Employee Benefits and Development (GRI 401-2, 

401-3) 

Group-wide 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety 

Occupational Health and Safety (GRI 403-2, 

403-3) 

Training and 

Education 

Employee Benefits and Development (GRI 404-3) 

Diversity and 

Equal 

Opportunity 

Workforce Diversity (GRI 405-1, 405-2) 

Non-

discrimination 

Ethical Labour Practices (GRI 406-1) 

Local 

Communities 

Giving Back to Society (GRI 413-1) 

Customer 

Health and 

Safety 

Managing Our Suppliers (GRI 416-1, 416-2) 

Marketing and 

Labelling 

Marketing and Labelling (GRI 417-1, 417-2, 417-3) 

Socioeconomic 

compliance 

Socioeconomic Compliance (GRI 419-1) 

 

 

 


16 | P a g e 

 

Product Safety  

 

Oceanus places utmost importance on ensuring food safety for all our products, and 

we are committed to distributing seafood of premium quality and taste. For products 

that we distribute, we evaluate our suppliers to ensure that they meet regulatory 

standards in food safety and product labelling. 

 

Managing Our Suppliers (GRI 416-1, 416-2) 

 

The Group endeavours to become a global seafood producer, and food safety is 

unequivocally our topmost priority. From the procurement of abalones to the packing 

and distribution of our products, we exercise extreme caution in evaluating the quality 

of our suppliers’ products to ensure food safety along our value chain.  

 

Prior to commencing production, we would perform site inspections at our processing 

factories, and we only engage with factories with relevant Government certifications 

for food processing and food safety. This ensures that our factories strictly comply with 

safety regulations, and our products adhere to our highest food safety standards. 

 

In FY2017, our suppliers did not have any reported incident of product health and 

safety. 

 

Marketing and Labelling (GRI 417-1, 417-2, 417-3) 

 

We comply with local regulations regarding marketing and labelling for all our products, 

as we strongly believe in being truthful towards our consumers to establish us as a 

reputable premium seafood supplier.  

 

Where our products are intended for Halal consumption, they will be labelled with 

appropriate Halal certifications. Our products are also labelled with the Healthier 

Choice logo by Health Promotion Board. All ingredients are clearly labelled on our 

products. 

 

There was no incident of non-compliance with marketing and labelling regulations in 

FY2017. 

 


17 | P a g e 

 

Environmental Awareness 

 

At Oceanus, we only procure wild abalones from suppliers that strictly comply with 

relevant environmental regulations and adhere to import quotas set by the government 

bodies. 

 

Managing Our Suppliers (GRI 308-1, 308-2) 

 

Oceanus only sources from suppliers with proper reputations and certifications for 

sustainable farming.  

 

Distribution 

 

We verify that our wild abalone suppliers source only from Australia, New Zealand, 

China and South Africa, which are countries with strict laws and quotas on abalone 

fishing. On top of that, we periodically assess the competency of our suppliers based 

on their environmental compliance. 

 

Farming Operations 

 

Our feed suppliers are thoroughly assessed for both quality and safety to ensure that 

our juvenile abalones are well-fed. With a diversified pool of feed suppliers, we are 

able to adapt quickly in the event that a certain source of feed is deemed unsuitable 

for use at our farms. Our suppliers are also spread across a wide region in China to 

ensure geographical diversification which mitigates supplier risk in our supply chain.   

 

Dealing with Climate Change (GRI 201-2) 

 

The Group is well aware climate change poses a significant risk to our abalone farming 

yields and operations. As such, we have implemented various innovations and 

measures to ensure that business risks due to climate change are mitigated.  

 

Farming Operations 

 

Due to the extreme sensitivity of abalones to change in environmental factors, a mere 

deviation of ≥ 5 degree Celsius from the optimal water temperature level would result 

in a significant increase in mortality rates. Small amounts of pesticides, bacteria or 

harmful chemicals can also severely impact the growth of abalones. In these aspects, 

climate change poses a significant risk to our operations. This was particularly evident 

in 2011 when our farms suffered major stock losses and infrastructural damages due 

to Typhoon Usagi. 

 

 


18 | P a g e 

 

In order to effectively mitigate the risk and impact of climate change, our hatcheries 

are equipped with technologies, including the use of nettings and structures to provide 

shade against excessive sunlight and to keep the water temperature cool. These 

structures are also made to be collapsible in the event of strong winds or typhoons.  

 

In addition, our abalone farms are equipped with a flow-through system whereby 

seawater is pumped into the tanks. In the event of sea pollution or unsuitable seawater 

conditions, these flow-through pipes can be shut down within short notice to isolate 

the tanks and minimise impact of ocean change.  Other mitigating measures include 

daily cleaning and maintenance of all tanks and frequent farm inspections to ensure 

that farming conditions and water quality are kept at optimal levels. 

 

Energy and Emissions Management (GRI 302-4, 305-5) 

 

The Group strongly encourages energy-saving practices among employees to 

effectively reduce our carbon footprint. We have implemented numerous initiatives in 

line with our environmental policy to reduce energy consumption and increase energy 

efficiency in our daily operations.  

 

This includes an optimal activation of seawater pumps and strict implementation of 

environmental policies amongst all staff and workers, such as shutting down 

equipment and appliances when not in use.  

 

We believe that increasing energy efficiency at all stages of our farming operations will 

effectively reduce energy usage. For example, we shade our tanks with black nettings 

to allow for water temperatures to remain cool during the summer without having to 

use water cooling equipment. Our farms are also located closer to the shoreline to 

reduce energy needed to pump seawater. These measures effectively reduce our 

carbon footprint in our daily operations. 

 

Water and Effluents Management (GRI 303-1, 306-1) 

 

Seawater needs to be pumped through the tank to regulate the water temperature in 

the tank and to allow abalones to absorb micronutrients present in the seawater that 

are essential for their growth. 

 

As such, our tanks are built with a flow-through system which draws seawater into the 

tank and lets seawater flow back into the sea. In order to mitigate the risk of water 

pollution in our operations, we ensure that all feeds added into the tanks are all-natural 

and free from harmful or pollutive chemicals, such as being largely comprised of 

vegetable materials like seaweed.  

 

 

 


19 | P a g e 

 

Environmental Compliance (GRI 307-1) 

 

Farming Operations 

 

Oceanus takes extra precaution in ensuring strict compliance with local environmental 

regulations during daily operations.  

 

There was no incident of non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations in 

FY2017. 

 


20 | P a g e 

 

Our People, Our Assets 

 

At Oceanus, we commit to the sustainable development of the community and our 

staff. We value and compensate the contributions of all our staff, and we treat 

everyone equally and with respect. We implement measures to ensure workplace 

safety and we strive for zero fatal accidents at all worksites.  

 

Workforce Diversity (GRI 202-2, 401-1, 405-1, 405-2) 

 

The Group believes that workforce diversity promotes creativity and integration of 

different perspectives. We embrace workforce diversity and do not discriminate 

against gender or age in staff employment. All employees are fairly remunerated 

regardless of age or gender.  

 

As at the end of FY2017, we had a total strength of 30 full-time employees. 

 

We endeavour to provide employment opportunities for the local communities we 

operate in. For our regional operations outside of Singapore, majority of the blue-collar 

workers and 50% of the management are locals. In FY2017, approximately 60% of the 

management of our farming operations in China was hired from the local community.   

 

Employee Benefits and Development (GRI 401-2, 401-3, 404-3) 

 

The Group believes in promoting staff well-being and productivity for the growth of our 

business, and we ensure that all employees are entitled to competitive benefits in line 

with industrial standards, including healthcare, insurance and parental leave.  In 

FY2017, one employee was entitled to parental leave. 

 

16.7%

33.3%

6.7%

20.0%

23.3%

6.7%

36.7%

56.7%

0.0%

10.0%

20.0%

30.0%

40.0%

50.0%

60.0%

BELOW 30 YEARS OLD

30-49 YEARS OLD

50 AND ABOVE

Our Workforce by Age and Gender

Male

Female


21 | P a g e 

 

In addition, all employees are given opportunities to develop their fullest potential. We 

invest in our employees to keep them up-to-date with the latest technical knowledge 

to improve productivity. On top of that, we conduct annual performance appraisals to 

compensate employees fairly based on their experience, contributions and 

performance. 

 

Oceanus makes an effort to ensure that all staff remain engaged and motivated on the 

job. Some staff retention strategies include regular team bonding activities, 

renovations of the pantry area to promote staff relaxation, as well as attractive wage 

reviews in China. As at the end of FY2017, our new hire rate was 14% and turnover 

rate was 5%. 

 

Occupational Health and Safety (GRI 403-2, 403-3) 

 

Oceanus prioritises the health and safety of all employees in our daily operations. We 

provide all staff and workers with adequate health and safety trainings, especially 

workers who are directly involved in farming operations.  

 

There are minimal risks associated with farming operations, and there was no incident 

of workplace health and safety incident in FY2017. 

 

Ethical Labour Practices (GRI 202-1, 406-1) 

 

Oceanus strictly complies with local labour laws and regulations where we operate, 

and we strive to treat all employees fairly and with dignity and respect. We implement 

remuneration measures to ensure that the wages of our employees in China are above 

the legislated minimum wage level.  

 

The Group also implements a non-discrimination policy to ensure ethical labour 

practices on a group level. Any employee who feels that he/she is unfairly 

discriminated will have ample avenues to inform our Human Resource Department, 

and all correspondences will be kept in strict confidence. There was no incident of 

discrimination in FY2017. 

 

 


22 | P a g e 

 

Our Community 

 

Continuing Innovation (GRI 203-2) 

 

Oceanus has partnered with educational bodies such as Temasek Polytechnic, James 

Cook University, Jimei University on R&amp;D on aquaculture and biomedical sciences. 

Some of our collaborations are as follows: 

 

• Joint biomarker study on abalone laggards and selective genetics breeding with 

Temasek Polytechnic  

• Development of aquatic feed that comprises alternative soy-based protein with 

Republic Polytechnic 

• R&amp;D on methods to improve growth rate and reduce mortality rates 

• Internship programmes conducted in the China farms to share knowledge 

• Development of enzymes to convert insects and soy-based protein into aquatic 

feed 

 

 

 

We have also partnered with Shaw Investment Holdings Pte Ltd and China 

Construction Seventh Engineering Division Corp Pte Ltd to embark on a project to 

build “Oceanus Aquapolis City”. This project aims to be a highly scalable, portable, 

more energy efficient than land-based farms, and requires minimal manpower with the 

use of IoT and Artificial Intelligence AI. 

 

Giving Back to Society (GRI 413-1) 

 

As we expand our operations, we actively hire locals to take up various job positions 

that come with the opening of new farms. In addition, the Group has been partnering 

with local businesses to create synergies in our operations. 

 

Oceanus aspires to bring about positive social and environmental impacts to the local 

community. In FY2017, our charitable acts include: 




23 | P a g e 

 

• House cleaning and painting for needy families 

• Donation of toys to Blossom Seed Charity Event 

 

 

 

Socioeconomic Compliance (GRI 419-1) 

 

Oceanus ensures that all operations comply with local socioeconomic laws and 

regulations where we operate in.  

 

There was no incident of non-compliance with social and economic laws and 

regulations in FY2017.  

 

 




24 | P a g e 

 

SGX Five Primary Components Index  

S/N 

Primary Component   

Section Reference  

1 

Material Topics  

▪ 

Reporting Practice 

▪ 

Stakeholder Engagement  

2 

Policies,  

Practices and Performance  

▪ 

CEO’s Message 

▪ 

Our Sustainability Story 

3 

Board Statement  

Governance and Statement of the Board 

4 

Targets  

Our Sustainability Story 

5 

Framework  

Reporting Practice 

GRI Standards Content Index   

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Organisation Profile 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Organisation Profile 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Organisation Profile 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Organisation Profile 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Organisation Profile 

102-6 

Markets served 

Organisation Profile 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Organisation Profile 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers Organisation Profile 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Organisation Profile 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and 

its supply chain 

Organisation Profile 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Organisation Profile 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Organisation Profile 

102-13 

Membership of associations  

Organisation Profile 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

CEO’s Message 

102-15 

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities 

CEO’s Message, Our 

Sustainability Story  

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour  

Ethics and Integrity  

102-17 

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about 

ethics 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-18 

Governance structure  

Governance and 

Statement of the 

Board 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups  

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders  

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 


25 | P a g e 

 

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

102-46 

Defining report content and topic Boundaries  Reporting Practice  

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

Annual Report 2017 

201-2 

Financial implications and other risks and 

opportunities due to climate change 

Dealing with Climate 

Change 

202-1 

Ratios of standard entry level wage by 

gender compared to local minimum wage 

Ethical Labour 

Practices 

202-2 

Proportion of senior management hired from 

the local community 

Workforce Diversity 

203-2 

Significant indirect economic impacts 

Continuing Innovation 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

Anti-corruption  

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures 

Anti-corruption  

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and 

actions taken 

Anti-corruption  

302-4 

Reduction of energy consumption 

Energy and 

Emissions 

Management  

303-1 

Water withdrawal by source 

Water and Effluents 

Management 

305-5 

Reductions in GHG Emissions 

Energy and 

Emissions 

Management 

306-1 

Total water discharged by quality and 

destination 

Water and Effluents 

Management 

307-1 

Monetary value of significant fines and total 

number of non-monetary sanctions for non-

compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

Environmental 

Compliance 

308-1 

New suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria 

Managing Our 

Suppliers 

308-2 

Negative environmental impacts in the 

supply chain and actions taken 

Managing Our 

Suppliers 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

Workforce Diversity 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full time employees that 

are not provided to temporary or part-time 

employees 

Employee Benefits 

and Development 

401-3 

Parental Leave 

Employee Benefits 

and Development 

403-2  

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, and 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 


26 | P a g e 

 

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities 

403-3 

Workers with high incidence or high risk of 

diseases related to her occupation 

Occupational Health 

and Safety  

404-3 

Regular Performance and Career 

Development Review 

Employee Benefits 

and Development 

405-1  

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees 

Workforce Diversity 

405-2 

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of 

women to men 

Workforce Diversity 

406-1 

Incidents of discrimination and corrective 

actions taken 

Ethical Labour 

Practices 

413-1  

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, and 

development programmes 

Giving Back to 

Society 

416-1 

Assessment of the health and safety impacts 

of product and service categories 

Managing Our 

Suppliers 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the 

health and safety impacts of products and 

services 

Managing Our 

Suppliers 

417-1 

Requirements for product and service 

information and labelling 

Marketing and 

Labelling 

417-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

product and service information and labelling 

Marketing and 

Labelling 

417-3 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

marketing communications 

Marketing and 

Labelling 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in 

the social and economic area 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

 

 

 

