

























































































 

1 

 

 

CORPORATE PROFILE 

 

Ocean Sky International Limited (“Ocean Sky” or the “Company” and together with its subsidiaries, the 

“Group”) is an investment holding company with an interest in civil engineering, construction and related 

services business (“Construction and Engineering Business”), and the business of property 

development, investment and management (“Real Estate Business”).  

 

Construction and Engineering Business  

 

The Group’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Ang Tong Seng Brothers Enterprises Pte Ltd (“ATS”), operates 

primarily in Singapore and provides civil engineering services including earthwork, roadwork, drainage 

work, basement work, structural works involving demolition and underground infrastructure as well as 

other general building works.  

 

To increase productivity and improve service delivery for customers, ATS incorporated a wholly-owned 

subsidiary, Ang Tong Seng Construction Pte. Ltd. (formerly known as Ang Tong Seng Trading Pte. 

Ltd.), on 3 January 2018 to streamline the Group’s civil engineering operations through the wholesaling 

and leasing of construction-related machinery, equipment, materials and supplies. 

 

Registered with the Building and Construction Authority of Singapore, ATS is currently classified under 

Grade C3 for General Building category and Grade C1 for Civil Engineering category.  

 

Real Estate Business  

 

Singapore  

The Group, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Atlantic Sky Investment Pte. Ltd., acquired a 999-year 

leasehold property at 6 Nim Drive in 2017 for redevelopment into a detached house for sale. Through 

its joint venture company, TSky Development Pte. Ltd., the Group successfully completed the 

acquisition of two freehold properties in prime districts for redevelopment into high-end residential units. 

The acquisition of 17 Balmoral Road in district 10 was completed in 2017 while 16 Cairnhill Rise in 

district 9 was completed in 2018. 

 

The Group also owns a factory cum office leasehold property for rental income generation.  

 

Cambodia  

The Group’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Pacific Sky Investment Pte. Ltd., together with its joint partners, 

will develop and manage a proposed 71-unit shophouse development project, Eco Garden Mall, on a 

freehold land area of approximately 9,185 square metres in Kandal Province. 

 


 

2 

 

 

BOARD STATEMENT  

 

We are pleased to present the annual Sustainability Report of Ocean Sky International Limited for our 

financial year ended 31 December 2018 (“FY2018”). This report is prepared in compliance with the 

requirements of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section 

B: Rules of Catalist 711A and 711B, and references the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: 

Core option. We have chosen the GRI framework as it is a well-known and globally-recognised 

sustainability reporting standard. This report highlights the key economic, environmental, social and 

governance (“EESG”) related initiatives carried throughout a 12-month period, from 1 January to 31 

December 2018. 

 

Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its stakeholders. 

As such, the key material EESG factors for the Group have been identified and cautiously reviewed by 

the Management. The data and information provided have not been verified by an independent third 

party. We have relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy of data and 

information. The board of directors of the Group (the “Board”) oversees the management and 

monitoring of these factors and takes them into consideration in the determination of the Group’s 

strategic direction and policies.  

 

For our FY2018 report, we continued to focus on the Construction and Engineering Business under 

ATS and its subsidiary (“ATS Group”), being the business segment that contributed 98.8% of the 

Group’s revenue in FY2018. We will include the rest of the Group entities under the Real Estate 

Business as this report progresses. Joint venture activities have been excluded as the operational 

control were run by different respective management teams. 

 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables 

us to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and 

suggestions to enquiry@oceanskyintl.com. 

 

 

31 May 2019  

 

 

 

 


 

3 

 

 

POLICY, PRACTICES AND PERFORMANCE 

REPORTING 

 

SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT  

An important starting point in our sustainability 

journey is to identify our stakeholders and 

material EESG factors relevant to our business. 

The 

interests 

and 

requirements 

of key 

stakeholders are also taken into account when 

formulating corporate strategies. These key 

stakeholders include, but are not limited to the 

board of directors, customers, suppliers, 

employees, investors, local communities and 

local government. We adopt both formal and 

informal 

channels 

of 

communication 

to 

understand the needs of key stakeholders, and 

incorporate these into our corporate strategies 

to achieve mutually beneficial relationships. 

The following sets out our engagement 

platforms with our stakeholders:

 

Stakeholder 

Engagement Platform 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Key Concerns Raised 

Employees 

Emails 

Meetings 

Welfare &amp; social events 

Training 

Daily 

Monthly 

Ad hoc 

Ad hoc 

  

Workplace safety 

  

Workers welfare 

Customers 

Meetings 

Email communications, phone 

calls 

Company website 

(http://www.oceanskyintl.com)  

Monthly 

Daily 

 

Ad hoc 

  

On time project 

completion 

  

Service quality 

  

Workplace safety 

Suppliers 

and Service 

Providers 

Meetings 

Email communications, phone 

calls 

Site visits 

Trade events 

Monthly 

Daily 

 

Ad hoc 

Ad hoc 

  

Prompt payment 

  

Service quality 

Investors / 

Shareholders 

 

Announcements via SGXNet, 

company website 

General meetings 

Annual report 

Ad hoc / Quarterly 

 

Annually 

Annually 

  

Compliance to rules 

and regulations 

  

Financial results 

 

Government 

and 

Regulators 

 

Seminars conducted by 

regulators 

Relevant government association 

memberships 

Email communications 

Ad hoc 

 

Ad hoc 

 

Ad hoc 

  

Compliance to rules 

and regulations 

Plan and 

Scope

Engage 

Stakeholders

Assess 

Materiality

Collect 

Data

Report












 

4 

 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT  

 

We conducted a materiality assessment 

during the year with the help of an external 

consultant to determine the material EESG 

factors. Materiality review is conducted every 

year, incorporating inputs from the stakeholder 

engagements. 

 

To determine if an EESG factor is material, we 

assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment, society and the influence on the 

stakeholders.  Senior Management took part 

along with our consultant, taking into account 

the views of Ocean Sky's various internal 

stakeholders. EESG factors were identified 

and prioritised through internal workshops, 

peer reviews and social impact assessments 

at site level. Applying the guidance from GRI, 

we have identified the following material EESG 

factors: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

GOVERNANCE 

 Corporate 

Governance 

 Risk Management 

 Business Ethics and 

Compliance 

ECONOMIC 

 Economic Performance 

 Anti-corruption 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

 Energy 

 Environmental 

Compliance 

 

SOCIAL 

 Employment 

 Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity 

 Occupational Health and 

Safety 

 Socio-Economic 

Compliance 

 Training and Education 

 

1 IDENTIFICATION 

2 PRIORITISATION 

3 VALIDATION 

4 REVIEW 

Identification of the material factors that are 

of relevance to the Group’s activities 

Prioritisation of the material factors and 

identifies key sustainability factors to be 

reported upon 

Validation of the completeness of key 

sustainability factors identified to finalise 

the sustainability report content 

Review focuses on the material factors in 

previous reporting period and also considers 

stakeholder’s feedback, changing business 

landscape and emerging trends 


 

5 

 

 

ECONOMIC 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

Ocean Sky firmly believes that focusing on financial sustainability is critical. The Company’s basic 

principle is that long-term profitability and shareholder value is ensured by taking into account the 

interests of stakeholders, such as shareholders, employees, suppliers and society as a whole.  

 

Global markets over the last 12 months have shown increased volatility as uncertainties continue to 

cloud global economic outlook. Singapore’s private residential market sentiment was dampened 

following cooling measures announced in July 2018. The cooling measures also presented further 

headwinds for growth in private sector construction activities. As in previous years, the operating 

environment in the construction industry remains challenging with rising manpower costs and intense 

competition among local and overseas construction players. 

 

In view of the challenges, Ocean Sky will continue to seek long-term growth as we remain focused on 

being the trusted partner in construction and civil engineering and selectively pursue opportunities in 

redevelopment projects through joint venture partnerships with trusted players in the market.  

 

The Group recorded a revenue of S$22.12 million for FY2018 compared with S$27.59 million in the 

previous corresponding year (“FY2017”). The decrease in revenue was mainly due to the lower volume 

of construction work performed and certified in FY2018 as compared to FY2017 as most projects in 

FY2018 commenced in last quarter of 2018. Furthermore, the Group recorded lower rental income for 

FY2018 following the disposal of the investment property in Cambodia in FY2017. At the net profit level, 

the Group registered a net loss after income tax of S$9.57 million for FY2018, reversing the net profit 

after income tax of S$3.80 million recorded for FY2017.  

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our 2018 Annual Report: 

  

Financial highlights, pages 4 to 5; 

  

Operations review, pages 18 to 19; and 

  

Financial Statements, pages 40 to 121. 

 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

Ocean Sky does not tolerate any form of corruption. This has been made clear to all of our employees, 

suppliers and business partners. There were no incidents of corruption reported in FY2018. We will 

remind our staff regarding our anti-corruption policy annually and strive to ensure that there will be no 

incidents of corruption in the Group for the financial year ending 31 December 2019 (“FY2019”).  

 

 

 


 

6 

 

 

 

Whistle-blowing policy 

The Company has put in place a whistle-blowing framework whereby staff of the Group may, in 

confidence, raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other 

matters. The framework includes arrangements for independent investigation and appropriate follow-

up of such matters.  

 

To ensure independent investigation of such matters and for appropriate follow-up action, all whistle-

blowing reports are addressed and sent to the AC Chairman. A whistle-blower email address has been 

created for reporting suspected fraud, corruption, dishonest practices or other similar matters. Details 

of the whistle-blowing policy and arrangements have been made known to all staff. In addition, new 

staff is briefed on the policy during the orientation programme. We will remind our staff regarding our 

whistle-blowing policy annually. No whistle-blowing report was received during FY2018. 

 

 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

ENERGY 

The Group is fully aware of its responsibility for nurturing the environment and lessening negative 

environmental consequences at our worksites and the environment where we operate. We monitor our 

energy (both electricity and diesel) and water consumption at our work places to ensure that we use 

our resources economically, meaningfully and responsibly.  

 

Ang Tong Seng Brothers Enterprises Pte Ltd has been awarded BCA Green and Gracious 

Builder (SMC) Award in the category Certified in 2016.  

 

Below are our performance indicators in FY2018 compared to FY2017: 

 

 

Our electricity consumption increased by 28.6% due to the incorporation of Ang Tong Seng 

Construction Pte. Ltd. (“ATSC”) in January 2018 to streamline the Group’s civil engineering operations. 

To achieve cost reduction and improve service delivery, ATSC fabricated the supplies of construction-

related materials and undertook the maintenance of machinery to support ATS projects. Additional 

office space has been utilised for the increased office manpower. We target to maintain or lower our 

energy and water consumption in FY2019.  

 

 

2018 

2017 

 

Electricity consumption (kWh) 

149,619 

116,310 

 

Diesel consumption (litres) 

602,759 

729,647 

 

Water consumption (Cu M) 

1,795 

2,046 

 




 

7 

 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

Similar to FY2017, there were no incidence of non-compliance with environmental-related laws and 

regulations resulting in significant fines or sanctions in FY2018, and we endeavour to maintain this track 

record in FY2019.  

 

To help the environment in our own little ways, we have set the following initiatives: 

  double-sided printing to reduce paper wastage 

  re-using water for washing to reduce water wastage 

  switching off lights and air-conditioners during lunch break 

  recycling materials from one project to another where possible 

 

 

 

SOCIAL 

 

EMPLOYMENT 

Every employee plays an essential role in our company. We achieve success by promoting a 

collaborative work environment in which everyone is committed to achieve our corporate goals based 

on open and honest communications while showing care and support for each other. Our employees 

are the drivers of our business and we believe in creating a respectful, rewarding and safe working 

environment for our people. We support and respect the protection of internationally proclaimed human 

rights. 

 

We respect human rights, support the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour, 

especially child labour, and do not tolerate any discrimination in respect of employment and occupation. 

 

We provide competitive remuneration based on merit to all our employees. Our employees are not 

covered by collective bargaining agreements. 

 

ATS Group has a total of 205 employees in FY2018 (FY2017:215) with 19% (FY2017: 20%) new 

recruitments over 25% (FY2017: 10%) resignations.  

 

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY  

We do not discriminate employees according to their race, age, gender, religion, ethnicity, facial 

attractiveness, physical impairments, sexual preference, political viewpoints or nationality. We strive to 

achieve a fair proportion of diversity in terms of gender, age and nationality in our workforce. We aim 

to provide equal opportunities to all employees based on their individual skillset and competencies.  

 

We enjoy major festive celebrations with our employees. Long service awardees were given cash 


 

8 

 

 

5%

95%

GENDER

Female

Male

41%

40%

19%

AGE

below 30

30 to 50

above 50

67%

13%

7%

4%

9%

NATIONALITY

Indian

Singaporean

Malaysian

Bangladeshi

Others

5%

95%

GENDER

Female

Male

36%

45%

19%

AGE

below 30

30 to 50

above 50

66%

13%

7%

5%

9%

NATIONALITY

Indian

Singaporean

Malaysian

Bangladeshi

Others

rewards for their continuous support and contribution.  

 

Our headcounts for FY2017 and FY2018 were distributed as follows. Our gender ratio remains relatively 

the same for both FY2017 and FY2018.  

2017 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2018 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

We are also committed to safeguarding our employees’ health and safety against any potential 

workplace hazards. The focus on health and safety is important for Ocean Sky. It is not only a 

fundamental right for our workers to be able to work in a safe environment, but when our employees’ 

wellness is attained, our productivity increases, and our best is given to our customers. By implementing 

job safety guidelines, we are committed to provide a hazard-free workplace to ensure the wellbeing of 

both our employees and environment. 


 

9 

 

 

Ocean Sky employs a variety of measures to ensure the health and safety of all our staff. Daily onsite 

work briefing, including risks assessments, required safety measures, designed personal safety 

protections, and most importantly, the spirit of team-work, are strongly emphasised on each individual 

project site, by our designated competent safety coordinator. Lead safety coordinator and safety officer 

are always on random site checks to ensure safety compliances and put up necessary discussions and 

comments to the respective teams, so as to further improve on the safety measures and well-being at 

the ongoing project. Unlike in FY2017 (1 incident), there were no reported incident of work-related 

accident in FY2018. We endeavour to maintain this track record and target to have zero reportable 

incident of work-related accident to the Ministry of Manpower in FY2019.  

 

We currently have the following certifications: 

Current Certification 

Date issue 

Expire date 

Certificate of Commendation (commitment to WSH in building a safe 

and healthy work culture through CultureSAFE) 

15-Feb-17 

15-Feb-19 * 

ISO 9001:2015 

14-Jun-17 

14-Jun-20 

BizSafe Star Certificate 

22-May-18 

29-May-21 

OHSAS-18001:2007 

15-May-18 

29-May-21 

* Currently in the process of renewal evaluation 

 

 

SOCIO-ECONOMIC COMPLIANCE 

We pride ourselves in having good corporate governance and observing compliance with applicable 

laws and regulations. The Group is committed to conduct the business with integrity and to safeguard 

the interest of all our stakeholders, both internal and external. In FY2018, there were no significant fines 

or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws and regulation. We will strictly ensure to be 

compliant at all times.  

 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

It is in the interest of the Company that career development programmes are set for individual 

employees on an on-going basis based on their individual needs and goals. A total of 20 training 

programmes have been provided to our employees in FY2018 (FY2017: 23 programmes) averaging 2 

day (FY2017: 1 day) per employee who attended. We will continue to provide trainings to our employees 

for their development and will target at least 5% of our total employee to attend trainings annually.  

Course Title 

Course Objective 

Employee Category 

Apply Workplace Safety and Health 

in Process Plant (worker level) 

Basic understanding of safety and health hazards 

and measures to prevent accidents in oil and 

petrochemical industry 

Construction Worker 

Basic Traffic Control course 

Basic understanding of public safety acts and 

regulations and LTA code of practices for traffic 

control at work zone 

Understanding of LTA code of practices for traffic 

control and workplace supervisory and public 

safety at work zone 

Construction Worker 

Senior Site Supervisor 


 

10 

 

 

Course Title 

Course Objective 

Employee Category 

Continuing Education Training 

(CET) course in reinforced Concrete 

Works 

Continuous improvement in skills and capability 

development 

Construction Worker 

Site Supervisor 

Coretrade for Supervisor (Structural) 

course 

Continuous improvement in skills and capability 

development 

Site Manager 

Coretrade for Tradesman course - 

Aluminium Formwork 

Upgrade skills to be certified as registered 

CoreTrade personnel 

Construction Worker 

Coretrade for Tradesman course - 

Hydraulic Excavator Operation 

Upgrade skills to be certified as registered 

CoreTrade personnel 

Construction Worker 

Managing Work-at-Heights course 

Provide requisite Work-at-Height knowledge to 

manage activities at worksites 

Site Foreman 

Site Supervisor 

Occupational First Aid Refresher 

course 

Knowledge and application skills in first aids at 

worksites 

Site Supervisor 

Perform Work in Confined Space 

Operations 

Introduce common safety and health hazards and 

preventive measures to avoid injuries 

Construction Worker 

Registered Earthworks Supervisor 

course 

Understand statutory requirement and legislation 

for earthworks and code of practice 

Assistant Project Manager 

Site Supervisor 

Site Manager 

Rigger/Signalman course 

Equip worker with adequate knowledge involving 

lifting operations 

Construction Worker 

Lorry Crane Operator course 

Equip worker with adequate knowledge to operate 

lorry crane safely and competently 

Lorry Crane Operator 

Trade Foreman course - Precast 

Kerb &amp; Drain Laying 

Upgrade skills to be certified as registered 

CoreTrade personnel 

Construction Worker 

Welder Qualification Test 

Equip skills to be qualified welder 

Construction Worker 

ISO 45001:2018 Conversion Made-

Simple Awareness Workshop 

ISO 45001:2018 Conversion Awareness 

Senior Contracts &amp; Safety 

Manager 

Chief Operating Officer 

Overview of Workplace Safety 

Traffic Management 

Knowledge and responsibilities on safety traffic 

management 

Senior Contracts &amp; Safety 

Manager 

Supervise Construction Work for 

WSH Course 

Equip worker with adequate knowledge and 

occupational health training to supervise work at 

site 

Site Supervisor 

Supervise Metal Scaffold Erection 

course 

Equip worker with competency to supervise 

erection, alteration and dismantling of metal 

scaffold 

Site Supervisor 

Workshop for CEO/Top 

Management BizSafe Level 1 (E-

Learning) 

Understand WSH Act, cultivate good culture and 

endorse company WSH policy 

Chief Executive Officer 

Multi Skilling Scheme (WSQ 

Advanced Cert in WSH) 

Equip worker with competency to to carry out multi 

work task on site 

Site Supervisor 

 

 

 

GOVERNANCE 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The Board and the Management of Ocean Sky are committed to the best practices in corporate 

governance to ensure sustainability of the Group’s operations. We believe that our constant drive for 

corporate excellence will allow us to establish a more transparent, accountable and equitable system, 

thereby increasing the value of the Company and its value to our shareholders. Please refer to the 2018 

Annual Report pages 20 to 38 for details of the Group’s Corporate Governance Report. 

 


 

11 

 

 

RISK MANAGEMENT  

The Board is committed to ensuring that the Group has an effective and practical enterprise risk 

management framework in place to safeguard Shareholders’ interests, and the sustainability of the 

Group as well as provide a basis to make informed decisions having regard to the risk exposure and 

risk appetite of the Group. For detailed disclosure on our risk management, please refer to pages 32 to 

33 of our 2018 Annual Report.  

 

 

BUSINESS ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE 

All of our staff are reminded of the importance of upholding the highest standards when it comes to 

business ethics. The Group regularly updates relevant staff with development in international and local 

regulations. There were no non-compliance to laws and regulations as reported under Socio-economic 

compliance above. 


 

 

12 

 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

 

 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

Ocean Sky International Limited 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

Sustainability Report (SR) page 1 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Singapore 

102-4 

Location of operations 

SR page 1 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

2018 Annual Report (AR) page 84 

102-6 

Markets served 

SR page 1 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

SR pages 1, 7 to 8 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

SR pages 7 to 8 

102-9 

Supply chain 

With regard to managing our supply chain, 

Ocean Sky has a process in place for selecting 

our suppliers by checking on their industry 

reputation, track record, and Health, Safety 

and Environment (HSE) standards. We make it 

a priority to engage our potential and current 

suppliers through frequent reviews and 

feedback to ensure they have the right 

capabilities and adequate resources to support 

the Group’s projects and activities. 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

None 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Ocean Sky supports the intent of the 

Precautionary Principle, but has not expressed 

a specific commitment. 

102-12 

External initiatives 

None 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

BCA, SBF 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

SR page 2 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour 

AR page 15, SR page 11 

102-18 

Governance structure 

AR pages 20 to 38  

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR page 3 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR page 3 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR page 3 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR page 3 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

AR page 84 

 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

SR page 2 

 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR page 2 

 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

Not applicable 

 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable 

 

102-50 

Reporting period 

1 January to 31 December 2018 

 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

28 December 2018 

 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the report 

SR page 2 

 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

SR page 2 

 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR pages 12 to 13 

 

102-56 

External Assurance 

We may seek external assurance in the future. 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: 

Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated 

and distributed 

 

SR page 5 

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

SR pages 5 to 6 

GRI 302: Energy 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organization 

SR page 6 


 

 

13 

 

 

 GRI 307: 

Environmental 

compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

SR page 7 

GRI 401: 

Employment 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

SR page 7 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

health and safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost 

SR pages 8 to 9 

GRI 404: Training 

and Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per 

employee 

SR pages 9 to 10 

GRI 405: Diversity 

and equal 

opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

SR pages 7 to 8 

GRI 419: 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in 

the social and economic area 

SR page 9 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






















































