


 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

FOR THE SECURITY OF TOMORROW 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




 

 

1 | P a g e 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Contents 

 

1. 

CEO’s Message ................................................................................................. 2 

2. 

Organisation Profile ........................................................................................... 4 

3. 

Our Sustainability Story ................................................................................... 11 

4. 

Ethics and Integrity .......................................................................................... 13 

5. 

Governance and Statement of the Board......................................................... 15 

6. 

Stakeholder Engagement ................................................................................ 16 

7. 

Reporting Practice ........................................................................................... 17 

8. 

Farming Operations ......................................................................................... 19 

9. 

Distributions ..................................................................................................... 25 

10. Our People, Our Assets ................................................................................... 29 

11. Community Engagement ................................................................................. 32 

13. SGX Five Primary Components Index ............................................................. 34 

14. GRI Standards Content Index .......................................................................... 34 

 

 

 


 

 

2 | P a g e 

 

1. 

CEO’s Message 

 

 

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

On behalf of our Board of Directors, it is my 

pleasure to present the Sustainability 

Report 

of 

Oceanus 

Group 

Limited 

(hereafter referred to as “Oceanus Group” 

or 

“the 

Group”) 

which 

covers 

our 

sustainability performance from 1 January 

2020 to 31 December 2020 (the “reporting 

period”).  

It has truly been an exciting year despite 

the 

global 

economy 

facing 

difficult 

circumstances surrounding the ongoing 

pandemic, with Oceanus Group reaching 

its highest level of turnover. Plans are in 

place for the Group’s four growth pillars 

(Food Production, Distribution, Services 

and Innovation) to move to the next level. 

However, we remain committed to doing so 

with both sustainability and food security 

ingrained within the Group’s mission, which 

is to become a leader in the FoodTech 

space, producing and supplying premium 

seafood and FMCG products. With the 

COVID-19 pandemic casting a spotlight on 

food security and its fragile nature, 

Oceanus Group stands ready. 

At Oceanus Group, we are positioned to address the topic of food security at various 

angles across the supply chain. Indeed, since Oceanus’ successful restructuring in 

2017, the Group has made significant progress in executing its growth strategy to 

expand beyond a “one product, one country” company. Through our transformation 

phase, Oceanus harnessed synergies from an ecosystem comprising diversified 

businesses across four growth pillars. 

With the aim of creating new revenue streams along the aquaculture and FMCG value 

chain, the Group has made significant and even further progress in our Distribution 

business with the aim to become a leading distributor of FMCG products in China and 

Southeast Asia. This will be further boosted by our plans to enable and scale it further 

by developing an e-commerce and digital exchange platform. 

In Food Production, Oceanus has garnered in-depth experience and maintained 

efficient farming methodologies through years of research and development. We have 




 

 

3 | P a g e 

 

set out to propagate our aquaculture know-how by working closely with our farm plot 

lessees and contract-farming partners, guiding them on the best aquaculture practices. 

However, farming is merely the start of the supply chain and getting the produce from 

farm to table is an equally important aspect of food security. Furthermore, the Group 

is embarking on partnering with high-tech food producers to develop its first Oceanus 

FoodTech Hub in Hainan, China. This part of the Group’s plan to deploy such similar 

hubs around the world to produce quality food sustainably in urban environments.  

Our technological expertise is further extended through the Group’s Services segment 

which includes consultancy services as well as marketing and branding services under 

our integrated marketing company, AP Media Pte Ltd. This has been recently 

expanded with the acquisition of Resolution Communications Pte Ltd, allowing reach 

to an even larger group of clientele base.  

In Innovation, Oceanus remains committed towards our strategic partnerships with 

various educational institutions namely Temasek Polytechnic, Republic Polytechnic, 

James Cook University, Jimei University and National Taiwan Ocean University. We 

have also established the world’s first Oceanus FoodTech Hub in Hainan as a key 

aquaculture centre for shrimp and fish farming in the region. The Group will continue 

to engage with potential partners to further our research and development efforts in 

food security. 

Whilst the current economic environment has already weathered through the COVID-

19 pandemic for over a year, there continues to be challenges that lie ahead in the 

markets and industries we operate in. We will however use this as an opportunity to  

closely engage our various stakeholders, improve employee development and tap into 

new opportunities, so as to allow the Group to emerge from this stronger than before, 

while continuously upholding good corporate governance.  

I would like to extend our team’s appreciation to all stakeholders, past and present, for 

your steadfast support and belief in Oceanus’ roadmap. Guided by our belief – 

“Sustainability today for the security of tomorrow” – we will continue to forge ahead 

towards a sustainable future and growth. 

 

Sincerely, 

MR PETER KOH  

Chief Executive Officer 

 


 

 

4 | P a g e 

 

2. 

Organisation Profile 

Founded in 1988 and headquartered in Singapore, Oceanus Group Limited was listed 

on the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”), 

and is a land-based aquaculture company that breeds abalone spawns and producing 

juvenile abalones. Oceanus innovates by forming strategic alliances with processing 

and packaging plants, as well as investing in research and development to breed 

abalone and other premium seafood products. 

Oceanus’ key operating segments are as follows: 

• 

Food Production – seafood farming assets in China and Singapore, and export 

of wild-caught and farmed seafood to global customers; 

• 

Distribution – growing network across countries such as China, Southeast Asia, 

USA, UK and Australia; 

• 

Services –aquaculture consultancy, and marketing and media consultancy; and  

• 

Innovation – R&amp;D partners with both local and overseas institutions.  

Oceanus Group 

 

 




 

 

5 | P a g e 

 

2.1 

Food Production  

Aquaculture remains a cornerstone of Oceanus Group’s business since its inception, 

with a focus on addressing global food security. Strong emphasis is placed on 

sustainable practices and the use of cutting-edge aquaculture technologies. 

2.2.1 Oceanus Group (China) Aquaculture (“OCA”) 

OCA, a fully owned China subsidiary of the Group, owns abalone 

hatchery farms in China. Located along the sea in Fo Tan town 

of Fujian, China, it has a total of 900 tanks spread across its 3.2 

hectare land.  

The farms have the capability to 

spawn over 100 million juvenile 

abalones each season with a production capacity of 

80 million juveniles every year. Being a land-based 

aquaculture facility, the abalone juveniles’ breeding 

environment is carefully controlled to encourage their 

growth, survival and propagation so as to deliver 

consistent supply.  

Oceanus Group has since 2019 transformed its full-scale business model to that of a 

leasing model, where by plots of its farm are leased out to local aquaculture farmers. 

The Group forms strategic contract farming arrangements with the farmers to continue 

cultivating the juvenile abalones, allowing the efficient utilisation of all of its tanks and 

maximizes the profit potential of the farming facility. 

2.2.2 Asia Fisheries 

 

Asia Fisheries deals in the import and export of seafood within the 

region of Asia Pacific. This reflects Oceanus Group’s efforts to 

broaden its reach further down the farming value-chain and 

expansion of the Group product range to include other quality 

seafood products. Currently, Asia Fisheries exports wild and farmed 

seafood from Indonesia and Thailand to Singapore, China, the United 

States, the United Kingdom, Australia and Japan. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 








 

 

6 | P a g e 

 

 

2.2.3 Universal Aquaculture 

 Universal Aquaculture, an investee company and strategic 

partner of Oceanus Group, is a Vannamei shrimp producer. 

Its first indoor farming facility in Tuas, Singapore, with annual 

production capacity of 60 tonnes, has a hybrid biological 

recirculation system, which fuses mechanical and biological 

filtration. Its goal is to deploy similar high-tech farms within 

urban cities, with its next overseas project planned for Hainan, 

China within the first Oceanus Foodtech Hub.  

 

 2.2.4 Pelamis Australia 

 

Pelamis Australia, an investee company of Oceanus Group, operates 

several fishing vessels within the western territories of Australia, 

holding a fishing quota of 1,200 tonnes per annum. It also deals with 

seafood logistics, exporting products such as yellowfin tuna and 

skipjack tuna to Asia and the Middle East. 

 






 

 

7 | P a g e 

 

2.2 

Distribution 

Oceanus aims to develop a comprehensive solution for FMCG distribution across Asia. 

We oversee the distribution and trading of various products across Asia – from raw 

materials to consumer goods.  

2.2.1 Oceanus Food Group (“OFG”) 

OFG is a Singapore-based FMCG subsidiary focusing on 

the sale of canned and packed abalones which were 

recently launched in October 2018. The abalones are 

sourced from wild abalone suppliers from Australia, New 

Zealand and South Africa. Through the Singapore Farmer 

(“SG Farmer”) brand, we have begun distributing canned abalones and bird’s nest 

products in Singapore and in China. We have successfully launched an e-commerce 

website to promote Oceanus’ brand of products. 

OFG also partners with various Chinese manufacturers, producing canned juvenile 

abalones sourced directly from Oceanus Group’s own farms – the first of its kind to be 

marketed in Singapore. OFG has also partnered with esteemed local chef and owner 

of Teochew Huat Kee Restaurant to develop key recipes for its abalone gift boxes 

targeted towards corporate customers.  

Our products are sold on various platforms, including Qoo10, Redmart, Facebook, 

Caltex Star Marts and corporate road shows.  

2.2.2 Season Global Trading 

In partnership with a Chinese fast moving consumer 

goods (“FMCG”) conglomerate, the establishment of 

subsidiary Season Global Trading in January 2020 

allows the Group to expand its overall offering to over 2,000 FMCG products, selling 

to a large customer network spanning across China, Middle East as well as Asia 

Pacific. Season Global Trading is also expanding its distribution capabilities through 

the creation of an e-commerce trading platform.  

2.2.3 Xiamen Import Export 

Xiamen Import Export was established to set up a trading arm in 

China where Oceanus Group’s abalone farming operations are 

located. This is alongside the group’s strategy of expanding food 

trading presence both in and out of China. This trading arm is headed 

by our Chinese CEO who has about 30 years of experience in 

handling import and export of food in China.  

 

 








 

 

8 | P a g e 

 

2.3 

Services 

The services segment supports the Group’s marketing needs and provides third 

party consultancy projects for corporates looking for digital solutions to engage their 

stakeholders.  

2.3.1 AP Media 

 

 

AP Media, a subsidiary of Oceanus Group, is an integrated marketing agency, 

specialising in multi-disciplinary interactive digital media, video and marketing 

consulting services.  

Together with its three (3) subsidiaries, Capy Comm, AP360 Marketing and Resolute 

Communications, it provides a full-range of marketing, media and branding-related 

services to clients across Asia. 

In 2020, AP Media spearheaded multiple high profile 

projects including ‘The Front Row’, Singapore’s first 

virtual fashion show. In 2019, they received the Digital 

Award for the first company to produce live broadcast 

using multi-cameras, multi-streaming, and 360° 

virtual reality video in 2017’s Singapore National Day 

Parade.  

Other awards and accolades include:  

• 

Winner of Marketing Excellence Award 2020 in that Virtual Events Marketing 

Category for its work on The Front Row, the first virtual fashion festival in Asia 

• 

Developed the first digital museum at the National Museum of Singapore as part 

of its “Old New World” project 

• 

Digital Livestream producer for the Louis Vuitton Spring Summer 2021 fashion 

show, the first of its kind outside of Paris, France 

 

 

 










 

 

9 | P a g e 

 

2.4 

Innovation 

We believe that research and innovation is crucial in maintaining our competitive 

edge. We have continued to establish industry partnerships and collaborations with 

leading educational institutions to improve our distribution capabilities and 

aquaculture technology. 

2.4.1 Oceanus Tech (“OT”) 

OT was incorporated in April 2017, as part of our strategy 

to pursue high-tech aquaculture technologies and to provide 

3rd party consultancy services. OT is headed by Mr Matthew 

Tan, who has over 30 years of experience in environmental 

engineering, waste water management and aquaculture.  

Prior projects include the provision of consultancy service to Olam International in 

respect of its aquaculture feed manufacturing facility in South Africa.  

2.4.2 Oceanus FoodTech Hub 

In partnership with Hainan Raffles Group, we have set up the world’s first Oceanus 

FoodTech Hub in Hainan, a key aquaculture centre for shrimp and farming. In this 

project, we will be bringing in Universal Aquaculture as a technical partners who will 

deploy their cutting-edge prawn producing capabilities. We aim to produce 

approximately 200 tonnes of shrimp in its first year of production before gradually 

increasing to 1000 tonnes in the following years. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






 

 

10 | P a g e 

 

 

2.4.3 Oceanus Oceanic Institute (“OOI”) 

Located at Oceanus’ farming site in China, OOI is 

responsible for the development and implementation of 

various risk management and protocols for all Oceanus 

Group’s farms, including adoption of new technologies. 

 

Ongoing R&amp;D and collaboration projects include: 

• 

Incubation of promising technologies in Oceanus Innovation Centre @ Temasek 

Polytechnic; 

• 

Development of sustained micro nutrient release in fish feed; 

• 

Research on methods to improve growth rate and reduce mortality rates; 

• 

Knowledge sharing programmes with internship programmes conducted in the 

China farms; and  

• 

Development of enzymes for conversion of insect and soy-based protein to 

aquatic feed. 

Oceanus Group has also entered into partnerships and Memorandum of 

Understandings (“MOU”) with various institutions both in Singapore and overseas. 

This allows for collaboration in aquaculture R&amp;D relating to nutrition, disease detection, 

treatment and prevention, and broodstock growth, which can be applied towards 

enhancing yield and quality of Oceanus Group’s own biological assets.  

Institutional Partners 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
















 

 

11 | P a g e 

 

3. 

Our Sustainability Story  

3.1 

Our Vision &amp; Values 

Building sustainably today for the security of tomorrow. 

To be a FoodTech leader throughout the seafood value chain with an integrated supply 

chain that spans from upstream farming to downstream distribution and FMCG. We 

believe that in order to lead an industry dealing in global food security, the Group 

needs to establish a strong path towards sustainability. 

3.2 

Our Mission 

To produce and supply quality, nutritional and affordable seafood and other food 

products, by engaging in sustainable land- and sea-based farming practices created 

through innovation in Research and Development (“R&amp;D”) as well as to preserve the 

environment so that our next generation can enjoy a bountiful supply of safe and 

sustainable seafood. 

3.3 

Our Sustainability Philosophy  

By incorporating sustainability issues into our strategic formulation, we will grow our 

business and operate without harming the environment, keeping in mind our long-term 

goals of enhancing food security and ensuring food safety. We envision to shape the 

future of aquaculture through Sustainable R&amp;D and research-based farming.  

3.4 

Our Sustainability Performance and Targets 

Oceanus aims to enhance the aquaculture infrastructure in Singapore and abroad, by 

becoming highly scalable, portable and more energy efficient than land-based farms. 

Prioritising the health and safety of our customers, we target to maintain zero food 

safety incidents and continue practicing strict compliance with food safety regulations.  

The Group endeavors to further reduce any adversity caused by climate change by 

improving our efficiency and innovative efforts. We also aim to increase labour 

efficiency using the Internet of Things (“IoT”) and Artificial Intelligence (“AI”) to improve 

our farming yields. 

3.5 

Our Noteworthy Milestones 

The Group’s recent success has motivated us to continue providing customers with 

quality products and ensuring sustainable, profitable growth for the benefit of our 

stakeholders.  

Our recent milestones and accolades reflect not only our drive towards business 

success but also our commitment towards good governance and transparency to our 

stakeholders. Our achievements are as follows: 

• 

Expansion of Oceanus Group’s marketing and branding consultancy arm through 

the acquisition of Resolute Communications Pte Ltd in  2020;  


 

 

12 | P a g e 

 

• 

New equity investment in into high-tech prawn producer Universal Aquaculture Pte 

Ltd, expanding the group’s farming assets to within Singapore 

• 

Achieved over SGD80 million in FMCG distribution sales within 12 months, with 

suppliers and customers spanning across Europe, Australia, Middle East and Asia. 

• 

Applied to SGX-ST for an exit from the mainboard watch-list through the 

achievement of profitable position as presented in its FY2020 annual report which 

received an unqualified ‘clean’ opinion from the Group’s independent auditors. 

 

 

 


 

 

13 | P a g e 

 

4. 

Ethics and Integrity   

4.1 

Ethics and Compliance 

Oceanus prioritizes ethics management and we set a strong tone at the top. Our ethics 

and compliance programme plays an integral role in the company’s operations. We 

work diligently to ensure that our employees comply with applicable laws and policies 

and adhere to the highest standards of ethics and integrity. 

4.2 

Whistle-blowing Policy  

The Group has implemented a whistle-blowing policy where wrongful acts or concerns 

can be raised without fear of reprisal. The whistleblowing policy is part of the Group’s 

commitment to create an environment of integrity and transparency. Employees and 

external suppliers are strongly encouraged to report any concerns or wrongful act to 

the whistleblowing line. Any reported instance of unethical conduct will be thoroughly 

investigated and followed with appropriate disciplinary action. 

4.3 

Interested Person Transactions  

The Group has adopted an internal policy in respect of any transactions with interested 

persons and established procedures for the review and approval of such transactions.  

All interested person transactions will be properly documented and submitted to the 

AC for quarterly review to ensure that they are carried out on an arm’s length basis, 

on normal commercial terms and will not be prejudicial to the interests of the 

shareholders.  

There were no interested person transactions in FY2020. The Company has not 

adopted any interested person transaction mandate which requires approvals from our 

shareholders. 

 

 


 

 

14 | P a g e 

 

4.4 

Dealing in Securities 

The Group has adopted and implemented policies in line with the SGX-ST’s best 

practices in relation to the dealing of shares of the Company. The policies have been 

made known to directors, executive officers and any other persons as determined by 

Management who may possess unpublished material price-sensitive information of 

the Group. 

The Group has advised Directors and all key executives not to deal in the Company’s 

shares during the period commencing one month prior to the announcement of the 

Company’s interim, half-yearly and full-year results and ending on the date of the 

announcement of the results. 

The Group has reminded our Directors and officers that it is an offence under the 

Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289, for a listed issuer or its officers to deal in the 

listed issuer’s securities as well as securities of other listed issuers when the officers 

are in possession of unpublished material price-sensitive information in relation to 

those securities. Directors and executives are expected and reminded to observe 

insider-trading laws at all times even when dealing in securities within permitted 

trading periods. The Group has further reminded our Directors and officers not to deal 

in the Company’s securities on short-term considerations. 

4.5 

Anti-corruption  

GRI 205-1, 205-2, 205-3 

Oceanus takes a strong stance against corruption and malpractice in the Group. All 

employees are educated on the Group’s zero tolerance for corruption practices.  

In the event of reported corruption incidents, independent investigations will be carried 

out in an appropriate and timely manner as and when required. Mitigating and 

preventive measures will be implemented to improve on the existing internal controls 

and policies to prevent recurrence.  

There was no incident of corruption in FY2020. 

 

 


 

 

15 | P a g e 

 

5. 

Governance and Statement of the Board 

At Oceanus, sustainability is prioritised at the board level. We have established a 

Sustainability Task Force (“STF”) which comprises heads of different departments and 

is chaired by the Group Chief Financial Officer. The STF reports to the Board on 

sustainability matters and executes decisions made by the Board. 

The Board has considered sustainability issues as part of our strategic formulation, 

approved the material environmental, social and economic topics identified and 

overseen that the factors identified are managed and monitored.  

Please refer to the Corporate Governance Report in our 2020 Annual Report for more 

information on corporate governance practices, precautionary measures and risk 

management structure. 

 

 


 

 

16 | P a g e 

 

6. 

Stakeholder Engagement  

The Group understands sustainable growth is dependent upon meeting and 

exceeding the reasonable expectations of our key stakeholders. We determine the 

material topics based on the principle of materiality to stakeholders. We have engaged 

in meaningful and productive dialogues with them and participated in various industry 

and government forums to keep abreast of any material stakeholder issues.  

We identify key stakeholders as groups that have material impact or have the potential 

to be impacted by our operations. The following table summarises our key 

stakeholders, engagement platforms and their key concerns.  

Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Issues of Concerns 

Section Reference 

Employees 

• 

Performance appraisal 

system 

• 

Health and Safety 

• 

Remuneration 

• 

Staff Benefits 

• 

Occupational 

Health &amp; Safety 

• 

Compliance with 

local labour laws 

• 

COVID-19 safety 

measures 

• 

Our People, Our 

Assets 

Suppliers 

• 

Supplier socioeconomic 

and environmental 

assessment 

• 

Environmental 

compliance 

• 

Managing Our 

Suppliers 

Customers 

• 

Annual Reports 

• 

Product quality 

feedback 

• 

Quality and safety 

of products 

• 

Food Safety 

Certifications 

• 

Compliance with 

local health and 

safety regulations 

• 

Marketing and 

Labelling 

• 

Distributions 

Governments 

and Regulators 

• 

Quarterly 

announcements on 

SGX 

• 

Annual Reports 

• 

Sustainability Reporting 

• 

Ongoing dialogues 

 

• 

Regulatory and 

Industrial 

requirements  

• 

Environmental 

compliance with 

local regulations 

• 

Farming 

Operations 

• 

Distributions 

• 

Our People, Our 

Assets 

Community 

• 

Engagement in 

community services 

• 

Environmental 

impact 

• 

Social 

development 

• 

Community 

Engagement 

Shareholders 

and investors 

• 

Annual Reports 

• 

Investor Relations 

Management 

• 

Annual General 

Meetings 

• 

Economic 

performance 

• 

Anti-corruption  

• 

Anti-corruption 

 

 


 

 

17 | P a g e 

 

7. 

Reporting Practice 

This sustainability report covers our sustainability performance from 1 January 2020 

to 31 December 2020. 

The Report provides information about Oceanus’ key sustainability topics, 

management policies and sustainability performance across all operations. The Group 

has chosen the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards which represent the 

global best practices for reporting on economic, environmental and social topics.  

The Report is prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards’ “Core” option and 

incorporates the primary components of report content as set out by the SGX’s 

“Comply or Explain” requirements on sustainability reporting under Listing Rule 711B. 

This report supplements the Group’s 2020 Annual Report, which is available online at: 

https://oceanus.com.sg/. Detailed section reference with GRI Standards is found at 

the GRI Standards Content Index section of this report.  

The Group’s material topics are identified based on its impacts on our internal and 

external stakeholders, as outlined in the Stakeholders Engagement section. Detailed 

section reference with GRI Standards is found at the GRI Standards Content Index 

section of this report.  

GRI does not require external assurance and our Sustainability Task Force  has 

assessed that external assurance is not required as the Group is laying the 

foundations for a sustainability reporting framework this year. 

Material Topics 

Report Sections and Indicators 

Boundaries   

ECONOMIC 

Economic 

Performance 

Dealing with Climate Change (GRI 201-2, 203-2) 

Farming Operations 

Market 

Presence 

Employment Targets and Compliance (GRI 202-1) 

Workforce Diversity (GRI 202-2) 

Group-wide 

Indirect 

Economic 

Impacts 

Indirect Economy Impacts (GRI 203-2) 

Anti-corruption 

Anti-Corruption (GRI 205-1, 205-2, 205-3) 

ENVIRONMENTAL  

Energy 

Energy and Emissions Management (GRI 302-1, 

302-3, 302-4) 

Group-wide 

Water 

Water and Effluents Management (GRI 303-1) 

Emissions 

Energy and Emissions Management (GRI 305-2, 

305-4, 305-5) 

Effluents and 

Waste 

Water and Effluents Management (GRI 306-1) 


 

 

18 | P a g e 

 

Environmental 

Compliance 

Environmental Targets and Compliance (GRI 307-1) 

Farming Operations 

Supplier 

Environment 

Assessment 

Managing Our Suppliers (GRI 308-1) 

Group-wide including 

Farming Operations 

and Distribution 

SOCIAL  

Employment 

Workforce Diversity (GRI 401-1) 

Employee Benefits and Development (GRI 401-2, 

401-3) 

Group-wide 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety 

Occupational Health and Safety (GRI 403-2, 403-3) 

Training and 

Education 

Employee Benefits and Development (GRI 404-3) 

Diversity and 

Equal 

Opportunity 

Workforce Diversity (GRI 405-1, 405-2) 

Non-

discrimination 

Employment Targets and Compliance (GRI 401-1, 

406-1, 408-1, 409-1) 

Local 

Communities 

Giving Back to Society (GRI 203-2, 413-1) 

Customer 

Health and 

Safety 

Product Safety (GRI 414-1, 416-1) 

Product Safety Targets and Compliance (GRI 416-2) 

Marketing and 

Labelling 

Marketing and Labelling (GRI 417-1, 417-2, 417-3) 

Product Safety Targets and Compliance (GRI 417-2, 

417-3) 

Socioeconomic 

compliance 

Socioeconomic Compliance (GRI 419-1) 

Product Safety Targets and Compliance (GRI 419-1) 

 

 

 


 

 

19 | P a g e 

 

8. 

Farming Operations 

The Group has adequate measures and policies in place to ensure that our abalone 

farming operations are carried out in a sustainable manner. In addition, our new 

hatchery business model and technology adoption greatly reduce mortality rates of 

our abalones, which help to maximise yields and reduce the impact of our operations 

on biodiversity. 

8.1 

Indirect Economy Impacts 

GRI 203-2 

Over the past few years, we have transitioned from full-sized abalone farming to a 

hatchery business model where we focus on spawning and producing juvenile 

abalones.  

As a result of this transition, we have increased productivity in the industry by 

mitigating our exposure to mortality risks and yield inefficiencies associated with full-

sized abalone farming which will take a further two to five years.  

Not only does this establish Oceanus as a premium juvenile abalone supplier to local 

farming businesses, it also creates a synergistic working relationship within the 

growing aquaculture industry in China. Since local sea farmers in China procure our 

juvenile abalones and breed them to market-size abalones for sale, the change in our 

operations provides them with a bigger market share which stimulates the local supply 

chain and economy.  

Oceanus re-enters the value chain by buying the adult abalones back from local farms 

for further processing before distributing them into the market. This inevitably provides 

local farmers with more business opportunities as well. 

8.2 

Continuing Innovation  

GRI 203-2 

In order to further support our transition, our subsidiary Oceanus Tech is focusing on 

pursuing cutting-edge aquaculture technologies. Oceanus has partnered with 

educational bodies such as Temasek Polytechnic, James Cook University, Jimei 

University on R&amp;D on aquaculture and biomedical sciences. Some of our 

collaborations are as follows: 

• 

Joint biomarker study on abalone laggards and selective genetics breeding with 

Temasek Polytechnic;  

• 

Development of aquatic feed that comprises alternative soy-based protein with 

Republic Polytechnic; 

• 

R&amp;D on methods to improve growth rate and reduce mortality rates; 

• 

Internship programmes conducted in the China farms to share knowledge; and 

• 

Development of enzymes to convert insects and soy-based protein into aquatic 

feed. 


 

 

20 | P a g e 

 

Oceanus Oceanic Institute was also established in 2018 to lead our in-house R&amp;D and 

assess various risks associated with all Oceanus farms, including its technology and 

systems as well as adoption of latest technologies. 

Digital Innovation 

We have been working to establish a digital exchange platform to enhance our 

distribution network and enable us to tap into consumer markets globally. Through our 

platform, businesses would be able to access our portfolio of more than 2,000 FMCG 

products instead of relying solely on the FoodTech Hubs. In a bid to encourage truly 

sustainable farming practices and enhance food safety across our product offerings, 

we are offering our platform users the ability to oversee product delivery and quality 

with the use of cutting-edge technologies such as Blockchain. This will be instrumental 

in supporting our growing distribution network. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

21 | P a g e 

 

8.3 

Dealing with Climate Change  

GRI 201-2, 203-2 

The Group is well aware that climate change poses a significant risk to our abalone 

farming yields and operations. As such, we have implemented various innovations and 

measures to ensure that business risks due to climate change are mitigated.  

Due to the extreme sensitivity of abalones to change in environmental factors, a mere 

deviation of ≥ 5o Celsius from the optimal water temperature level would result in a 

significant increase in mortality rates. Small amounts of pesticides, bacteria or harmful 

chemicals can also severely impact the growth of abalones. In these aspects, climate 

change poses a significant risk to our operations. This was particularly evident in 2011 

when our farms suffered major stock losses and infrastructural damages due to 

Typhoon Usagi. 

In order to effectively mitigate the risk and impact of climate change, our hatcheries 

are equipped with nettings and structures to provide shade against excessive sunlight 

and to keep the water temperature cool. These structures are also made to be 

collapsible in the event of strong winds or typhoons.  

In addition, our abalone farms are equipped with a flow-through system whereby 

seawater is pumped into the tanks. In the event of sea pollution or unsuitable seawater 

conditions, these flow-through pipes can be shut down within short notice to isolate 

the tanks and minimize impact of ocean change. Other mitigating measures include 

daily cleaning and maintenance of all tanks and frequent farm inspections to ensure 

that farming conditions and water quality are kept at optimal levels. 

8.4 

Energy and Emissions Management  

GRI 302-1, 302-3, 302-4, 305-2, 305-4, 305-5 

The Group strongly encourages energy-saving practices among employees to 

effectively reduce our carbon footprint. We have implemented numerous initiatives in 

line with our environmental policy to reduce energy consumption and increase energy 

efficiency in our daily operations.  

This includes an optimal activation of seawater pumps and strict implementation of 

environmental policies amongst all staff and workers, such as shutting down 

equipment and appliances when not in use.  

We believe that increasing energy efficiency at all stages of our farming operations will 

effectively reduce energy usage. As previously mentioned, we shade our tanks with 

black nettings to allow for water temperatures to remain cool during the summer 

without having to use water cooling equipment thus saving our energy consumption. 

Our farms are also located closer to the shoreline to reduce energy needed to pump 

seawater. These measures effectively reduce our carbon footprint in our daily 

operations. 


 

 

22 | P a g e 

 

 

 

Energy intensity was derived using the total volume usage of hatcheries in m3 as the 

denominator. In FY2020, the total energy consumption at our hatcheries increased by 

31% due to an increase in hatcheries volume. As a result, our total CO2 emission for 

the year increased as well. Our energy intensity increased moderately from 0.20 

kWh/m3 in FY2019 to 0.21 kWh/m3 in FY2020. Similarly, our emissions intensity 

increased from 0.14 kg/m3 in FY2019 to 0.15 kg/m3 in FY2020. We endeavour to 

continuously improve our energy conservation efforts in the future. 

 

 

127,124

166,266

0

50,000

100,000

150,000

200,000

FY2019

FY2020

Total Annual Energy 

Consumption (kWh)

0.19

0.21

FY2019

FY2020

Energy Intensity(kWh/m3)

90,091

117,830

0

20,000

40,000

60,000

80,000

100,000

120,000

140,000

FY2019

FY2020

Total Annual CO2 Emissions 

(kg)

0.14

0.15

FY2019

FY2020

CO2 Intensity (kg/m3)


 

 

23 | P a g e 

 

 

8.5 

Water and Effluents Management  

GRI 303-1, 306-1 

Seawater needs to be pumped through the tanks to regulate the water temperature in 

the tank and to allow abalones to absorb micronutrients present in the seawater that 

are essential for their growth. 

As such, our tanks are built with a flow-through system which draws seawater into it 

and lets seawater flow back into the sea. In order to mitigate the risk of water pollution 

in our operations, we ensure that all feeds added into the tanks are all-natural and free 

from harmful chemicals and pollutants. In this case, feeds are largely comprised of 

vegetable materials like seaweed. 

 

 

 

 




 

 

24 | P a g e 

 

8.6 

Managing Our Suppliers  

GRI 308-1 

Our feed suppliers are thoroughly assessed for both quality and safety to ensure that 

our juvenile abalones are well-fed. With a diversified pool of feed suppliers, we are 

able to adapt quickly in the event that a certain source of feed is deemed unsuitable 

for use at our farms. Our suppliers are also spread across a wide region in China to 

ensure geographical diversification which mitigates supplier risk in our supply chain.   

Additionally, Oceanus only sources from suppliers with proper reputations and 

certifications for sustainable farming.  

8.7 

Environmental Targets and Compliance 

GRI 304-2, 307-1, 308-2 

Oceanus takes extra precaution in ensuring strict compliance with local environmental 

regulations including biosecurity protocols and codes during daily operations. Our 

abalones are fed local kelp and algae, so no foreign nutrients are added to the 

ecosystem. We ensure that our operations have no adverse impact on local habitats 

and diversity. 

There was no incident of non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations, 

and no negative environmental impact in the supply chain in FY2020.  

Environmental Performance for FY2020 

FY2020 Target 

Performance Update 

Analyse and monitor 

energy and water usage 

Energy consumption and energy intensity increased by 31% and 9% 

respectively due to an increase in hatchery production volume. 

Environmental 

compliance 

Zero incidents in respect of environmental non-compliance. 

Environmental Targets for FY2021 

FY2021 Target 

Action Plan 

Analyse and monitor 

energy and water usage 

Implement water and energy monitoring procedures at the farms in 

China, including data analysis to ensure efficient usage. 

Environmental 

compliance 

Continuous education of all relevant staff on proper procedures to 

ensure full environmental compliance.  

 

 

 


 

 

25 | P a g e 

 

9. 

Distributions 

Oceanus is committed to deliver quality and safe products to our customers, to be in 

line with our core values and for long term business sustainability. 

9.1 

Product Safety  

GRI 308-1, 308-2, 414-1, 416-1 

For products that we distribute, we evaluate our suppliers to ensure that they meet 

regulatory standards in product manufacturing, safety and labelling. 

9.1.1 Abalone Products 

The Group endeavours to become a global seafood producer that distributes seafood 

of premium quality and taste, and food safety is unequivocally our topmost priority. We 

aim to eliminate any health risks of food products for our consumers by carefully 

evaluating the processing factories that we engage for the manufacturing and 

distribution of food products.  

From the procurement of abalones to the packing and distribution of our products, we 

exercise extreme caution in evaluating the quality of our suppliers’ products to ensure 

food safety along our value chain. The Group also works closely with suppliers to 

ensure smooth delivery of products. 

Prior to commencing production, we would perform site inspections at the processing 

factories, and we only engage factories with relevant Government certifications for 

food processing and food safety. This ensures that our factories comply strictly with 

safety regulations, and our products adhere to the highest food safety standards. We 

also play an active role in sourcing for suppliers to ensure that they offer quality 

products and services with competitive pricing. 

Existing suppliers are assessed by periodically based on specified criteria and 

feedback is also provided by the operation teams to suppliers to ensure standards of 

products or services delivered by suppliers. 

Oceanus only works with factories that are Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point 

(“HACCP) and Health Sanitary certified to ensure food safety. Each batch of canned 

abalone is required to go through health audits and issued with the Country’s Health 

Certificate and Country of Origin labels.  

9.1.2 Seafood Farming Raw Material Products 

Before each order of fish meal product is exported to customers via subsidiary 

company Oceanus Feed, laboratory tests are conducted to analyse key chemical 

components, such as Total Votatile Base Nitrogen (“TVBN”) levels, which acts as an 

indicator of the freshness of the fish meal. Microbiological tests are also conducted for 

traces of harmful microbes such as E. Coli, Salmonella and Shigella. Such tests are 

conducted to not only ensure that the product specifications required by each 

customer is met, but also prevent selling products may pose a threat to the livestock 

of customers. 


 

 

26 | P a g e 

 

9.2 

Marketing and Labelling  

GRI 417-1, 417-2, 417-3 

We comply with local regulations regarding marketing and labelling for all our products, 

as we strongly believe in being truthful towards our consumers to establish us as a 

reputable premium seafood supplier.  

Where our products are intended for Halal consumption, they will be labelled with 

appropriate Halal certifications. All ingredients are clearly labelled on our products. 

The Group has a sustainable marketing strategy that maintains and develops our 

brand visibility which ensures our business sustainability. Currently, our abalone 

products are advertised and listed in online platforms such as Redmart, Qoo10 and 

Amazon with factual product descriptions on the website page. Our products are 

currently on the shelves on Haomart and Caltex. In the future, the Group plans to have 

its products on the shelves of major supermarkets such as NTUC Fairprice and Cold 

Storage.  

There was no incident of non-compliance with marketing and labelling regulations in 

FY2020. 

 

 


 

 

27 | P a g e 

 

9.3 

Product Safety Targets and Compliance 

GRI 308-2, 414-2, 416-2, 417-2, 417-3, 419-1 

There was no incident of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts as 

well as marketing and labelling of our products in FY2020. In addition, our suppliers 

did not have any reported incident of environmental non-compliance. 

In order to maintain strict compliance with product safety regulations and achieve our 

product safety targets in FY2020, we have reviewed our performance in FY2020 and 

developed an action plan for FY2021. 

Product Safety Performance for FY2020 

FY2020 Target 

Performance Update 

Zero product safety 

incident 

There were zero incidents in respect of product safety. 

Zero customer complaints 

related to product safety 

There were zero customer complaints related to product safety. 

Zero non-compliance with 

product safety regulations 

There were zero incidents in respect of product safety regulation 

compliance. 

Product Safety Targets for FY2021 

FY2021 Target 

Action Plan 

Zero product safety 

incident 

To conduct continuous quality checks on our product and supplier 

standards. 

Zero customer complaints 

related to product safety 

To closely monitor product feedback and ensure customer satisfaction 

by conducting customer surveys. 

Zero non-compliance with 

product safety regulations 

To maintain periodic site visits to our suppliers and ensure full-

compliance to production standards and product safety requirements. 

 


 

 

28 | P a g e 

 

9.4 

Managing Our Suppliers  

GRI 308-1, 308-2 

The Group is committed to develop a sustainable supply chain that distributes eco-

friendly products sourced and manufactured in a sustainable manner. 

9.4.1 Abalone Products 

We verify that our wild abalone suppliers source only from Australia, New Zealand, 

and South Africa, which are countries with strict laws and quotas on abalone fishing. 

On top of that, we periodically assess the competency of our suppliers based on their 

environmental compliance and environmental impacts. 

9.4.2 Seafood Farming Raw Material Products 

Oceanus Feed ensures that the following procedures are implemented for every batch 

of products shipped from its suppliers: 

• 

Products originate from suppliers that are registered and supervised by competent 

authorities, such as Department of Fisheries Malaysia; 

• 

Products are tested to certify that they are free from ruminant ingredients; 

• 

The supplier’s processing plant is dedicated only to fish meal production where no 

other material of animal origin other than fish is being used; and 

• 

End products are packaged with new, clean, sealed, impermeable, moisture-

resistant and durable materials.  

Relevant authorities will verify the procedures to further ensure the quality and safety 

of our products. 

 

 


 

 

29 | P a g e 

 

9.5 

Socioeconomic Compliance  

GRI 419-1 

Oceanus ensures that all operations comply with local socioeconomic laws and 

regulations where we operate in.  

There was no incident of non-compliance with social and economic laws and 

regulations in FY2020.  

10. 

Our People, Our Assets 

At Oceanus, we commit to the sustainable development of the community and our 

staff. We value and compensate the contributions of all our staff, and we treat 

everyone equally and with respect. We implement measures to ensure workplace 

safety and we strive for zero fatal accidents at all worksites.  

We aim to provide a work environment for our staff that fosters fairness, equity and 

respect for social and cultural diversity, regardless of their gender and age. 

10.1 Workforce Diversity  

GRI 202-2, 401-1, 405-1, 405-2 

The Group believes that workforce diversity promotes creativity and integration of 

different perspectives. We embrace workforce diversity and do not discriminate 

against gender or age in staff employment. All employees are fairly remunerated 

regardless of age or gender.  

As at the end of FY2020, we had a total strength of 39 full-time employees. 

 

We endeavour to provide employment opportunities for the local communities we 

operate in. For our regional operations outside of Singapore, majority of the blue-collar 

workers and 80% of the management are locals. In FY2020, approximately 50% of the 

2.6%

17.9%

20.5%

12.8%

41.0%

5.1%

15.4%

59.0%

25.6%

0

0.1

0.2

0.3

0.4

0.5

0.6

0.7

BELOW 30

BETWEEN 30 TO 50

ABOVE 50

Our Workforce

Male

Female


 

 

30 | P a g e 

 

management of our farming operations in China was hired from the local community. 

As at the end of FY2020, our new hire rate was 51.9% and turnover rate was 14.8%.   

10.2 Employee Benefits and Development  

GRI 401-2, 401-3, 404-3 

The Group believes in promoting staff well-being and productivity for the growth of our 

business, and we ensure that all employees are entitled to competitive benefits in line 

with industrial standards, including healthcare, insurance and parental leave.  

In addition, all employees are given opportunities to develop their fullest potential. We 

invest in our employees to keep them up-to-date with the latest technical knowledge 

to improve productivity. On top of that, we conduct annual performance appraisals to 

compensate employees fairly based on their experience, contributions and 

performance. 

Oceanus makes an effort to ensure that all staff remain engaged and motivated on the 

job. Some staff retention strategies include regular team bonding activities, 

renovations of the pantry area to promote staff relaxation, as well as attractive wage 

reviews in China.  

10.3 Occupational Health and Safety  

GRI 403-2, 403-3 

A safe working environment allows our staff to work safely without fear of getting 

injured. This helps to build loyalty amongst our staff and support the sustainability of 

the Group. As such, Oceanus prioritises the health and safety of all employees in our 

daily operations. We provide all staff and workers with adequate health and safety 

trainings, especially workers who are directly involved in farming operations. As such, 

there are minimal risks associated with farming operations. 

COVID-19 Safety Measures 

In FY2020, the COVID-19 outbreak resulted in a global pandemic which had an 

unprecedented impact worldwide. To contain the outbreak, the Singapore 

Government implemented measures including a circuit breaker, safe distancing and 

movement restrictions. During these unsettling times, we stay committed to prioritising 

the safety of our employees. We ensure that all employees are briefed on COVID-19 

safety measures and policies with the expectation of full adherence. Some of the 

safety measures include putting in place SafeEntry visitor management and 

temperature taking for employees and visitors. We also increased the frequency of 

cleaning and disinfection of our premises, especially areas with high contact points. 

We have implemented robust safety measures in our sites overseas. All employees at 

their respective premises are required to monitor their health and temperate daily, and 

social distancing is mandated among all employees. 

Staff who are working in our farms and whose hometowns have been affected by 

COVID-19 outbreaks are instructed to continue living in the farm staff quarters and not 


 

 

31 | P a g e 

 

return to their homes to mitigate the risk of infection. Any staff returning from affected 

areas were required to be isolated in their rooms for 14 days. Management has also 

advised staff to be vaccinated where possible. To date, 50% of staff in China have 

received their vaccinations. 

In FY2020, there was no incidence of COVID-19 transmission among employees. In 

addition, there was no reported incidence of non-compliance with local COVID-19 laws 

and regulations. 

10.4 Employment Targets and Compliance 

GRI 202-1, 401-1, 406-1, 408-1, 409-1 

Oceanus strictly complies with local labour laws and regulations where we operate, 

and we strive to treat all employees fairly and with dignity and respect. As we expand 

our operations, we actively hire locals to take up various job positions that come with 

the opening of new farms. We implement remuneration measures to ensure that the 

wages of our employees in China are above the legislated minimum wage level.  

The Group also implements a non-discrimination policy to ensure ethical labour 

practices on a group level. Any employee who feels that he/she is unfairly 

discriminated will have ample avenues to inform our Human Resource Department, 

and all correspondences will be kept in strict confidence. There was no incidence of 

discrimination in FY2020. 

The Group strives to be socially responsible in employment practices. There was no 

incident of child labour or forced labour during the Group’s operations and there was 

no workplace health and safety incident in FY2020. 

Workforce Performance for FY2020 

FY2020 Target 

Performance Update 

Zero incident of 

workplace health and 

safety 

There were zero incidents in respect of workplace health and safety. 

Workforce Targets for FY2021 

FY2021 Target 

Action Plan 

Zero incident of 

workplace health and 

safety 

1. Implement workplace checks to ensure a safe working 

environment; and 

2. Educate all staff on workplace safety and preventive measures. 

 

 

 


 

 

32 | P a g e 

 

11. 

Community Engagement 

As a company that focuses on social well-being, we do our best in giving back to the 

community and enhancing their people’s quality of life through various means other 

than supplying quality products. 

11.1 Giving Back to Society  

GRI 203-2, 413-1 

11.1.1 Charitable Acts under Oceanus 

Oceanus aspires to bring about positive social and environmental impacts to the local 

community.  

Oceanus aspires to bring about positive social and environmental impacts to the local 

community. In FY2020, our charitable acts included collaborations with various 

organisations such as Food From The Heart and Willing Hearts Kitchen. This involved 

Oceanus Group donating and preparing 6,500 hot abalone meals for families in need.   

 

 










 

 

33 | P a g e 

 

Since 2018, we have been a proud sponsor of the Republic Polytechnic Education 

Fund (RPEF), which provides provide financial assistance schemes to students.  

In a bid to do more for environmental sustainability, we have extended our commitment 

to support Waterways Watch Society, which fosters appreciation of waterways in 

Singapore and promotes conservation efforts. We pledged to donate S$1 for every 

online abalone sale.  

We will continue to maintain our community engagement efforts and do our part as a 

responsible corporate citizen.  

 

 

 


 

 

34 | P a g e 

 

13. 

SGX Five Primary Components Index  

S/N 

Primary Component   

Section Reference  

1 

Material Topics  

▪ 

Reporting Practice 

▪ 

Stakeholder Engagement  

2 

Policies,  

Practices and Performance  

▪ 

CEO’s Message 

▪ 

Our Sustainability Story 

3 

Board Statement  

Governance and Statement of the Board 

4 

Targets  

Our Sustainability Story 

5 

Framework  

Reporting Practice 

 

14. 

GRI Standards Content Index   

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Organisation Profile 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Organisation Profile 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Organisation Profile 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Organisation Profile 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Organisation Profile 

102-6 

Markets served 

Organisation Profile 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Organisation Profile 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers Organisation Profile 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Organisation Profile 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and 

its supply chain 

Organisation Profile 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Organisation Profile 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Organisation Profile 

102-13 

Membership of associations  

Organisation Profile 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

CEO’s Message 

102-15 

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities 

CEO’s Message, Our 

Sustainability Story  

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour  

Ethics and Integrity  

102-17 

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about 

ethics 

Ethics and Integrity 


 

 

35 | P a g e 

 

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

102-18 

Governance structure  

Governance and 

Statement of the 

Board 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups  

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders  

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic Boundaries  Reporting Practice  

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

Annual Report 2019 

201-2 

Financial implications and other risks and 

opportunities due to climate change 

Dealing with Climate 

Change 

202-1 

Ratios of standard entry level wage by 

gender compared to local minimum wage 

Employment Targets 

and Compliance 

202-2 

Proportion of senior management hired from 

the local community 

Workforce Diversity 

203-2 

Significant indirect economic impacts 

Dealing with Climate 

Change, Indirect 

Economy Impacts, 

Giving Back to 

Society 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

Anti-corruption  

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures 

Anti-corruption  

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and 

actions taken 

Anti-corruption  

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organization 

Energy and 

Emissions 

Management 

302-3 

Energy intensity 

Energy and 

Emissions 

Management 


 

 

36 | P a g e 

 

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

302-4 

Reduction of energy consumption 

Energy and 

Emissions 

Management  

303-3 

Water withdrawal 

Water and Effluents 

Management 

303-4 

Water discharge 

Water and Effluents 

Management 

304-2 

Significant impacts of activities, products, 

and services on biodiversity 

Environmental 

Targets and 

Compliance, 

Sustainable 

Consumable 

Products 

305-2 

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 

Energy and 

Emissions 

Management 

305-4 

GHG emissions intensity 

Energy and 

Emissions 

Management 

305-5 

Reductions in GHG Emissions 

Energy and 

Emissions 

Management 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations 

Environmental 

Targets and 

Compliance 

308-1 

New suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria 

Managing Our 

Suppliers 

308-2 

Negative environmental impacts in the 

supply chain and actions taken 

Environmental 

Targets and 

Compliance, 

Managing Our 

Suppliers 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

Workforce Diversity, 

Employment Targets 

and Compliance 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full time employees that 

are not provided to temporary or part-time 

employees 

Employee Benefits 

and Development 

401-3 

Parental Leave 

Employee Benefits 

and Development 


 

 

37 | P a g e 

 

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

403-8 

Workers covered by an occupational health 

and safety management system  

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

403-9 

Work-related injuries 

Occupational Health 

and Safety  

404-3 

Regular Performance and Career 

Development Review 

Employee Benefits 

and Development 

405-1  

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees 

Workforce Diversity 

405-2 

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of 

women to men 

Workforce Diversity 

406-1 

Incidents of discrimination and corrective 

actions taken 

Employment Targets 

and Compliance 

408-1 

Operations and suppliers at significant risk 

for incidents of child labor 

Employment Targets 

and Compliance 

409-1 

Operations and suppliers at significant risk 

for incidents of forced or compulsory labor 

Employment Targets 

and Compliance 

413-1  

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, and 

development programmes 

Giving Back to 

Society 

414-1 

New suppliers that were screened using 

social criteria 

Product Safety 

416-1 

Assessment of the health and safety impacts 

of product and service categories 

Product Safety, 

Sustainable 

Consumable 

Products 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the 

health and safety impacts of products and 

services 

Product Safety 

Targets and 

Compliance 

417-1 

Requirements for product and service 

information and labelling 

Marketing and 

Labelling 

417-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

product and service information and labelling 

Marketing and 

Labelling, Product 

Safety Targets and 

Compliance 

417-3 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

marketing communications 

Marketing and 

Labelling, Product 

Safety Targets and 

Compliance 


 

 

38 | P a g e 

 

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in 

the social and economic area 

Product Safety 

Targets and 

Compliance, 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

 

