
 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2019 

Sustainable and Transformational Growth 

 








 

 

1 | P a g e 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Contents 

 

1. 

CEO’s Message ................................................................................................. 2 

2. 

Organisation Profile ........................................................................................... 4 

3. 

Our Sustainability Story ................................................................................... 10 

4. 

Ethics and Integrity .......................................................................................... 12 

5. 

Governance and Statement of the Board......................................................... 14 

6. 

Stakeholder Engagement ................................................................................ 15 

7. 

Reporting Practice ........................................................................................... 16 

8. 

Farming Operations ......................................................................................... 18 

9. 

Distributions ..................................................................................................... 24 

10. Alps Group ....................................................................................................... 27 

11. Our People, Our Assets ................................................................................... 29 

12. Community Engagement ................................................................................. 31 

13. SGX Five Primary Components Index ............................................................. 32 

14. GRI Standards Content Index .......................................................................... 33 

 

 

 


 

 

2 | P a g e 

 

1. 

CEO’s Message 

 

 

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

On behalf of our Board of Directors, it is my 

pleasure to present the Sustainability Report 

of Oceanus Group Limited (hereafter referred 

to as “Oceanus” or “the Group”) which covers 

our sustainability performance from 1 January 

2019 to 31 December 2019 (the “reporting 

period”).  

Oceanus’ commitment to sustainability and 

food security is driven by the Group’s mission 

to produce and supply premium seafood and 

FMCG products. Most recently, the COVID-19 

pandemic has cast the spotlight on food 

security and highlighted its fragile nature. 

At Oceanus Group, our business is positioned 

to address the topic of food security at various 

angles across the food supply chain.  Indeed, 

since Oceanus’ successful restructuring in 2017, the Group has made significant 

progress in executing its growth strategy to expand beyond a “one product, one 

country” company. Through the Group’s transformation phase, Oceanus has 

harnessed synergies from an ecosystem comprising diversified businesses across 

four growth pillars – Aquaculture, Distribution, Services and Innovation.  

In aquaculture, Oceanus has in-depth experience and has maintained efficient farming 

methodologies through years of research and development. We have set out to 

propagate our aquaculture know-how by working closely with our farm plot lessees 

and contract-farming partners, guiding them on the best aquaculture practices. 

However, farming is merely the start of the supply chain and getting the produce from 

farm to table is and equally important aspect of food security. Further down the 

aquaculture value chain, the Group has established a new arm, Asia Fisheries Pte Ltd, 

to build a business that reaches further down the aquaculture value chain by bringing 

quality wild and farmed seafood from Indonesia and Thailand to Singapore, USA, UK, 

Australia and Japan.   

In addition, with the aim of creating new revenue streams along the aquaculture and 

FMCG value chain, the Group has made significant and further progress in our core 

Distribution business through the establishment of subsidiary Season Global Trading 

Pte Ltd, with a goal of it becoming a leading distributor of FMCG products in China 

and Southeast Asia. 

Our aquaculture-related technologies is further extended through the Group’s 

Services segment which includes consultancy services relating to as well marketing 

and branding services under our integrated marketing company, AP Media Pte Ltd. 




 

 

3 | P a g e 

 

In Innovation, Oceanus remains committed towards our strategic partnerships with 

various educational institutions namely Temasek Polytechnic, Republic Polytechnic 

and James Cook University. At the same time, the Group will continue to engage with 

potential partners to further our research and development efforts in food security. 

In closing, we are very pleased to have achieved our first ‘clean’ audit opinion in nine 

years, marking another significant milestone in our business transformation; and as 

part of our Sustainability focus, we wish to assure all stakeholders that we will continue 

to uphold good corporate governance.  

I would like to extend our team’s appreciation to all stakeholders, past and present, for 

your steadfast support and belief in Oceanus’ roadmap. Guided by our belief – 

“Sustainability today for the security of tomorrow” – we will continue to forge ahead 

towards a sustainable future and growth. 

 

Sincerely, 

MR PETER KOH  

Chief Executive Officer 

 


 

 

4 | P a g e 

 

2. 

Organisation Profile 

Founded in 1988 and headquartered in Singapore, Oceanus Group Limited was listed 

on the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”), 

and is a land-based aquaculture company that breeds abalone spawns and producing 

juvenile abalones. Oceanus innovates by forming strategic alliances with processing 

and packaging plants, as well as investing in research and development to breed 

abalone and other premium seafood products. 

Oceanus’ key operating segments are as follows: 

• 

Aquaculture – seafood farming assets in China, and export of wild-caught and 

farmed seafood to global customers; 

• 

Distribution – growing network across countries such as China, Southeast Asia, 

USA, UK and Australia; 

• 

Services –aquaculture consultancy, and marketing and media consultancy; and  

• 

Innovation – R&amp;D partners with both local and overseas institutions.  

 




 

 

5 | P a g e 

 

2.1 

Aquaculture  

Aquaculture has therefore been a cornerstone of Oceanus Group’s business since its 

inception, with a focus on addressing global food security. Strong emphasis is placed 

on sustainable practices and the use of cutting-edge aquaculture technologies. 

2.1.1 Oceanus Group (China) Aquaculture (“OCA”) 

OCA, a fully owned China subsidiary of the Group, operates the 

abalone hatchery farms in China. Located along the sea in Fo 

Tan town of Fujian, China, it has a total of 900 tanks spread 

across its 3.2 hectare land.  

With 40 farm workers, it is 

capable of spawning over 100 

million juvenile abalones each season with a 

production capacity of 80 million juveniles every year. 

Being a land-based aquaculture facility, the abalone 

juveniles’ breeding environment is carefully controlled 

to encourage their growth, survival and propagation 

so as to deliver consistent supply.  

Oceanus Group has also entered into strategic contract farming arrangements with 

aquaculture farmers which allows full utilisation of all of its tanks and maximise profits. 

2.1.2 Oceanus Feed / Asia Fisheries 

 

Oceanus Feed is a trading subsidiary established in April 2019, 

engaged in the trading of fishmeal to customers in Korea, Taiwan, 

Japan and Thailand.  

It is the sole and exclusive agent for a Sandakan Fishmeal Sdn Bhd, 

the only fish meal manufacturer in Malaysia that produces fishmeal 

that meets the quality standards of customers such as: 

• 

Woo Sung Feed Co Ltd &amp; Suhyup Feed Co Ltd – two of the largest animal feed 

consumers in Korea; and 

• 

Grobest Holdings Ltd – largest Taiwanese aquaculture feed manufacturer.  

In February 2020, the Group renamed Oceanus Feed Pte. Ltd. (“Oceanus Feed”) to 

Asia Fisheries Pte Ltd. (“Asia Fisheries”). The change in name is in line with the 

broadened business operations and reflects the expansion of the Group’s fish meal 

distribution business to include other quality seafood products. Currently, Asia 

Fisheries exports wild and farmed seafood from Indonesia and Thailand to Singapore, 

the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia and Japan. 

 








 

 

6 | P a g e 

 

2.2 

Distribution 

Oceanus oversees the distribution and trading of various products across Asia – from 

raw materials to consumer goods.  

2.2.1 Oceanus Food Group (“OFG”) 

OFG is a Singapore-based FMCG subsidiary focusing on 

the sale of canned and packed abalones which were 

recently launched in October 2018. The abalones are 

sourced from wild abalone suppliers from Australia, New 

Zealand and South Africa.  

OFG also partners with various Chinese manufacturers, producing canned juvenile 

abalones sourced directly from Oceanus Group’s own farms – the first of its kind to be 

marketed in Singapore. OFG has also partnered with esteemed local chef and owner 

of Teochew Huat Kee Restaurant to develop key recipes for its abalone gift boxes 

targeted towards corporate customers.  

Our products are sold on various platforms, including Qoo10, Redmart, Facebook, 

Caltex Star Marts and corporate road shows.  

2.2.2 Xiamen Import Export 

Xiamen Import Export was established to set up a trading arm in 

China where Oceanus Group’s abalone farming operations are 

located. This is alongside the group’s strategy of expanding food 

trading presence both in and out of China. This trading arm is headed 

by our Chinese CEO who has about 30 years of experience in 

handling import and export of food in China.  

2.2.3 Alps Group 

Alps Group was acquired by Oceanus Group in December 2018. Its business is 

principally engaged in the sale of environmentally friendly disposable products, such 

as tissues, wet wipes, food packaging and disposable wares.  

Its main established brand name “Cloversoft” utilises bamboo pulp to develop 

environmentally friendly products. 

Alps Group has reached more than 350 retails shops and hospitals, and more than 

100 restaurants use our products. 

In March 2020, Oceanus Group successfully divested its entire investment in Alps 

Groups.  

 

 






 

 

7 | P a g e 

 

 

2.2.4 Season Global Trading 

In partnership with a Chinese fast moving consumer 

goods (“FMCG”) conglomerate, the establishment of 

subsidiary Season Global Trading in January 2020 

allows the Group to expand its overall offering to over 2,000 FMCG products, selling 

to a large customer network spanning across China, Middle East as well as Asia 

Pacific. Season Global Trading is also expanding its distribution capabilities through 

the creation of an e-commerce trading platform.  

 

 

 

 




 

 

8 | P a g e 

 

2.3 

Services 

2.3.1 AP Media 

 

 

AP Media, a subsidiary of Oceanus Group, is an integrated marketing agency, 

specialising in multi-disciplinary interactive digital media, video and marketing 

consulting services.  

Together with its two (2) subsidiaries, Capy Comm and AP360 Marketing, it provides 

a full-range of marketing, media and branding-related services to clients across Asia. 

In 2019, AP Media received the Digital Award for the 

first company to produce live broadcast using multi-

cameras, multi-streaming, and 360° virtual reality 

video in 2017’s Singapore National Day Parade.  

Other awards and accolades include:  

• 

Top 10 360VR Company in Asia 2018; and 

• 

Finalist for SG:D TechBlazer Awards 2018. 

2.3.2 Oceanus Tech (“OT”) 

OT was incorporated in April 2017, as part of our strategy 

to pursue high-tech aquaculture technologies and to provide 

3rd party consultancy services. OT is headed by Mr Matthew 

Tan, who has over 30 years of experience in environmental 

engineering, waste water management and aquaculture.  

Prior projects include the provision of consultancy service to Olam International in 

respect of its aquaculture feed manufacturing facility in South Africa.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 










 

 

9 | P a g e 

 

2.4 

Innovation 

2.4.1 Oceanus Oceanic Institute (“OOI”) 

Located at Oceanus’ farming site in China, OOI is 

responsible for the development and implementation of 

various risk management and protocols for all Oceanus 

Group’s farms, including adoption of new technologies. 

 

Ongoing R&amp;D and collaboration projects include: 

• 

Incubation of promising technologies in Oceanus Innovation Centre @ Temasek 

Polytechnic; 

• 

Development of sustained micro nutrient release in fish feed; 

• 

Research on methods to improve growth rate and reduce mortality rates; 

• 

Knowledge sharing programmes with internship programmes conducted in the 

China farms; and  

• 

Development of enzymes for conversion of insect and soy-based protein to 

aquatic feed. 

Oceanus Group has also entered into partnerships and Memorandum of 

Understandings (“MOU”) with various institutions both in Singapore and overseas. 

This allows for collaboration in aquaculture R&amp;D relating to nutrition, disease detection, 

treatment and prevention, and broodstock growth, which can be applied towards 

enhancing yield and quality of Oceanus Group’s own biological assets.  

Institutional Partners 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
















 

 

10 | P a g e 

 

3. 

Our Sustainability Story  

3.1 

Our Vision 

To be a leader throughout the seafood value chain with an integrated supply chain 

that spans from upstream farming to downstream distribution and FMCG. 

3.2 

Our Mission 

To produce and supply quality, nutritional and affordable seafood products and raw 

materials, by engaging in sustainable land- and sea-based farming practices created 

through innovation in Research and Development (“R&amp;D”) as well as to preserve the 

environment so that our next generation can enjoy a bountiful supply of safe and 

sustainable seafood. 

3.3 

Our Sustainability Philosophy  

By incorporating sustainability issues into our strategic formulation, we will grow our 

business and operate without harming the environment, keeping in mind our long-term 

goals of enhancing food security and ensuring food safety. We envision to shape the 

future of aquaculture through Sustainable R&amp;D and research-based farming.  

3.4 

Our Sustainability Performance and Targets 

Oceanus aims to enhance the aquaculture infrastructure in Singapore and abroad, by 

becoming highly scalable, portable and more energy efficient than land-based farms. 

Prioritising the health and safety of our customers, we target to maintain zero food 

safety incidents and continue practicing strict compliance with food safety regulations.  

The Group endeavors to further reduce any adversity caused by climate change by 

improving our efficiency and innovative efforts. We also aim to increase labour 

efficiency using the Internet of Things (“IoT”) and Artificial Intelligence (“AI”) to improve 

our farming yields. 

3.5 

Our Noteworthy Milestones 

The Group’s recent success has motivated us to continue providing customers with 

quality products and ensuring sustainable, profitable growth for the benefit of our 

stakeholders.  

Our recent milestones and accolades reflect not only our drive towards business 

success but also our commitment towards good governance and transparency to our 

stakeholders. Our achievements are as follows: 

• 

Expansion of Oceanus Group’s marketing and branding consultancy arm through 

the acquisition of AP Media Pte Ltd in March 2019;  

• 

New equity investment in Australian business Pelamis 89, which represents the 

Group’s foray  into the tuna fishing industry in Australian waters 

• 

New partnership with FMCG conglomerate, which is cemented with the 

establishment of subsidiary Season Global Trading, increasing the Group’s overall 

offering to over 2,000 products 


 

 

11 | P a g e 

 

• 

Establishment of Asia Fisheries in February 2020 which allows the Group to 

expand its aquaculture business further down the value chain, bringing quality 

farmed and wild-caught seafood to global customers;  

• 

Upgraded audited opinion in FY2019 from ‘disclaimer’ to ‘qualified’ opinion, 

followed by a ‘clean’ unqualified audited opinion in FY2020 – a first in nine years. 

This is due to Oceanus Group resolving all legacy issues, which include  lacking 

internal controls and corporate governance framework, insufficient evidence on 

rights of ownership of assets and farms in China and significant doubts in the 

company continuing as a going concern. 

 

 

 


 

 

12 | P a g e 

 

4. 

Ethics and Integrity   

4.1 

Ethics and Compliance 

Oceanus prioritizes ethics management and we set a strong tone at the top. Our ethics 

and compliance programme plays an integral role in the company’s operations. We 

work diligently to ensure that our employees comply with applicable laws and policies 

and adhere to the highest standards of ethics and integrity. 

4.2 

Whistle-blowing Policy  

The Group has implemented a whistle-blowing policy where wrongful acts or concerns 

can be raised without fear of reprisal. The whistleblowing policy is part of the Group’s 

commitment to create an environment of integrity and transparency. Employees and 

external suppliers are strongly encouraged to report any concerns or wrongful act to 

the whistleblowing line. Any reported instance of unethical conduct will be thoroughly 

investigated and followed with appropriate disciplinary action. 

4.3 

Interested Person Transactions  

The Group has adopted an internal policy in respect of any transactions with interested 

persons and established procedures for the review and approval of such transactions.  

All interested person transactions will be properly documented and submitted to the 

AC for quarterly review to ensure that they are carried out on an arm’s length basis, 

on normal commercial terms and will not be prejudicial to the interests of the 

shareholders.  

There were no interested person transactions in FY2019. The Company has not 

adopted any interested person transaction mandate which requires approvals from our 

shareholders. 

 

 


 

 

13 | P a g e 

 

4.4 

Dealing in Securities 

The Group has adopted and implemented policies in line with the SGX-ST’s best 

practices in relation to the dealing of shares of the Company. The policies have been 

made known to directors, executive officers and any other persons as determined by 

Management who may possess unpublished material price-sensitive information of 

the Group. 

The Group has advised Directors and all key executives not to deal in the Company’s 

shares during the period commencing one month prior to the announcement of the 

Company’s interim, half-yearly and full-year results and ending on the date of the 

announcement of the results. 

The Group has reminded our Directors and officers that it is an offence under the 

Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289, for a listed issuer or its officers to deal in the 

listed issuer’s securities as well as securities of other listed issuers when the officers 

are in possession of unpublished material price-sensitive information in relation to 

those securities. Directors and executives are expected and reminded to observe 

insider-trading laws at all times even when dealing in securities within permitted 

trading periods. The Group has further reminded our Directors and officers not to deal 

in the Company’s securities on short-term considerations. 

4.5 

Anti-corruption  

GRI 205-1, 205-2, 205-3 

Oceanus takes a strong stance against corruption and malpractice in the Group. All 

employees are educated on the Group’s zero tolerance for corruption practices.  

In the event of reported corruption incidents, independent investigations will be carried 

out in an appropriate and timely manner as and when required. Mitigating and 

preventive measures will be implemented to improve on the existing internal controls 

and policies to prevent recurrence.  

There was no incident of corruption in FY2019. 

 

 


 

 

14 | P a g e 

 

5. 

Governance and Statement of the Board 

At Oceanus, sustainability is prioritised at the board level. We have established a 

Sustainability Task Force (“STF”) which comprises heads of different departments and 

is chaired by the Group Chief Financial Officer. The STF reports to the Board on 

sustainability matters and executes decisions made by the Board. 

The Board has considered sustainability issues as part of our strategic formulation, 

approved the material environmental, social and economic topics identified and 

overseen that the factors identified are managed and monitored.  

Please refer to the Corporate Governance Report in our 2019 Annual Report for more 

information on corporate governance practices, precautionary measures and risk 

management structure. 

 

 


 

 

15 | P a g e 

 

6. 

Stakeholder Engagement  

The Group understands sustainable growth is dependent upon meeting and 

exceeding the reasonable expectations of our key stakeholders. We determine the 

material topics based on the principle of materiality to stakeholders.  We have engaged 

in meaningful and productive dialogues with them and participated in various industry 

and government forums to keep abreast of any material stakeholder issues.  

We identify key stakeholders as groups that have material impact or have the potential 

to be impacted by our operations. The following table summarises our key 

stakeholders, engagement platforms and their key concerns.  

Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Issues of Concerns 

Section Reference 

Employees 

• 

Performance appraisal 

system 

• 

Health and Safety 

• 

Remuneration 

• 

Staff Benefits 

• 

Occupational 

Health &amp; Safety 

• 

Compliance with 

local labour laws 

• 

Our People, Our 

Assets 

Suppliers 

• 

Supplier socioeconomic 

and environmental 

assessment 

• 

Environmental 

compliance 

• 

Managing Our 

Suppliers 

Customers 

• 

Annual Reports 

• 

Product quality 

feedback 

• 

Quality and safety 

of products 

• 

Food Safety 

Certifications 

• 

Compliance with 

local health and 

safety regulations 

• 

Marketing and 

Labelling 

• 

Distributions 

Governments 

and Regulators 

• 

Quarterly 

announcements on 

SGX 

• 

Annual Reports 

• 

Sustainability Reporting 

• 

Ongoing dialogues 

 

• 

Regulatory and 

Industrial 

requirements  

• 

Environmental 

compliance with 

local regulations 

• 

Farming 

Operations 

• 

Distributions 

• 

Our People, Our 

Assets 

Community 

• 

Engagement in 

community services 

• 

Environmental 

impact 

• 

Social 

development 

• 

Community 

Engagement 

Shareholders 

and investors 

• 

Annual Reports 

• 

Investor Relations 

Management 

• 

Annual General 

Meetings 

• 

Economic 

performance 

• 

Anti-corruption  

• 

Anti-corruption 

 

 


 

 

16 | P a g e 

 

7. 

Reporting Practice 

This sustainability report covers our sustainability performance from 1 January 2019 

to 31 December 2019. 

The Report provides information about Oceanus’ key sustainability topics, 

management policies and sustainability performance across all operations. The Group 

has chosen the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards which represent the 

global best practices for reporting on economic, environmental and social topics.  

The Report is prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards’ “Core” option and 

incorporates the primary components of report content as set out by the SGX’s 

“Comply or Explain” requirements on sustainability reporting under Listing Rule 711B. 

This report supplements the Group’s 2019 Annual Report, which is available online at: 

https://oceanus.com.sg/. Detailed section reference with GRI Standards is found at 

the GRI Standards Content Index section of this report.  

The Group’s material topics are identified based on its impacts on our internal and 

external stakeholders, as outlined in the Stakeholders Engagement section. Detailed 

section reference with GRI Standards is found at the GRI Standards Content Index 

section of this report.  

GRI does not require external assurance and our Sustainability Task Force  has 

assessed that external assurance is not required as the Group is laying the 

foundations for a sustainability reporting framework this year. 

Material Topics 

Report Sections and Indicators 

Boundaries   

ECONOMIC 

Economic 

Performance 

Dealing with Climate Change (GRI 201-2, 203-2) 

Farming Operations 

Market 

Presence 

Employment Targets and Compliance (GRI 202-1) 

Workforce Diversity (GRI 202-2) 

Group-wide 

Indirect 

Economic 

Impacts 

Indirect Economy Impacts (GRI 203-2) 

Anti-corruption 

Anti-Corruption (GRI 205-1, 205-2, 205-3) 

ENVIRONMENTAL  

Energy 

Energy and Emissions Management (GRI 302-1, 

302-3, 302-4) 

Group-wide 

Water 

Water and Effluents Management (GRI 303-1) 

Emissions 

Energy and Emissions Management (GRI 305-2, 

305-4, 305-5) 

Effluents and 

Waste 

Water and Effluents Management (GRI 306-1) 


 

 

17 | P a g e 

 

Environmental 

Compliance 

Environmental Targets and Compliance (GRI 307-1) 

Farming Operations 

Supplier 

Environment 

Assessment 

Managing Our Suppliers (GRI 308-1) 

Group-wide including 

Farming Operations 

and Distribution 

SOCIAL  

Employment 

Workforce Diversity (GRI 401-1) 

Employee Benefits and Development (GRI 401-2, 

401-3) 

Group-wide 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety 

Occupational Health and Safety (GRI 403-2, 403-3) 

Training and 

Education 

Employee Benefits and Development (GRI 404-3) 

Diversity and 

Equal 

Opportunity 

Workforce Diversity (GRI 405-1, 405-2) 

Non-

discrimination 

Employment Targets and Compliance (GRI 401-1, 

406-1, 408-1, 409-1) 

Local 

Communities 

Giving Back to Society (GRI 203-2, 413-1) 

Customer 

Health and 

Safety 

Product Safety (GRI 414-1, 416-1) 

Product Safety Targets and Compliance (GRI 416-2) 

Marketing and 

Labelling 

Marketing and Labelling (GRI 417-1, 417-2, 417-3) 

Product Safety Targets and Compliance (GRI 417-2, 

417-3) 

Socioeconomic 

compliance 

Socioeconomic Compliance (GRI 419-1) 

Product Safety Targets and Compliance (GRI 419-1) 

 

 

 


 

 

18 | P a g e 

 

8. 

Farming Operations 

The Group has adequate measures and policies in place to ensure that our abalone 

farming operations are carried out in a sustainable manner. In addition, our new 

hatchery business model and technology adoption greatly reduce mortality rates of 

our abalones, which help to maximise yield and reduce the impact of our operations 

on biodiversity. 

8.1 

Indirect Economy Impacts 

GRI 203-2 

Over the past few years, we have transitioned from full-sized abalone farming to a 

hatchery business model where we focus on spawning and producing juvenile 

abalones.  

As a result of this transition, we have increased productivity in the industry by 

mitigating our exposure to mortality risks and yield inefficiencies associated with full-

sized abalone farming which will take a further two to five years.  

Not only does this establish Oceanus as a premium juvenile abalone supplier to local 

farming businesses, it also creates a synergistic working relationship within the 

growing aquaculture industry in China. Since local sea farmers in China procure our 

juvenile abalones and breed them to market-size abalones for sale, the change in our 

operations provides them with a bigger market share which as a result stimulate the 

local supply chain and economy.  

Oceanus re-enters the value chain by buying the adult abalones back from local farms 

for further processing before distributing them into the market. This inevitably provides 

local farmers with more business opportunities as well. 

8.2 

Continuing Innovation  

GRI 203-2 

In order to further support our transition, our subsidiary Oceanus Tech is focusing on 

pursuing cutting-edge aquaculture technologies. Oceanus has partnered with 

educational bodies such as Temasek Polytechnic, James Cook University, Jimei 

University on R&amp;D on aquaculture and biomedical sciences. Some of our 

collaborations are as follows: 

• 

Joint biomarker study on abalone laggards and selective genetics breeding with 

Temasek Polytechnic;  

• 

Development of aquatic feed that comprises alternative soy-based protein with 

Republic Polytechnic; 

• 

R&amp;D on methods to improve growth rate and reduce mortality rates; 

• 

Internship programmes conducted in the China farms to share knowledge; and 

• 

Development of enzymes to convert insects and soy-based protein into aquatic 

feed. 


 

 

19 | P a g e 

 

Oceanus Oceanic Institute was also established in 2018 to lead our in-house R&amp;D and 

assess various risks associated with all Oceanus farms, including its technology and 

systems as well as adoption of latest technologies. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

20 | P a g e 

 

8.3 

Dealing with Climate Change  

GRI 201-2, 203-2 

The Group is well aware that climate change poses a significant risk to our abalone 

farming yields and operations. As such, we have implemented various innovations and 

measures to ensure that business risks due to climate change are mitigated.  

Due to the extreme sensitivity of abalones to change in environmental factors, a mere 

deviation of ≥ 5o Celsius from the optimal water temperature level would result in a 

significant increase in mortality rates. Small amounts of pesticides, bacteria or harmful 

chemicals can also severely impact the growth of abalones. In these aspects, climate 

change poses a significant risk to our operations. This was particularly evident in 2011 

when our farms suffered major stock losses and infrastructural damages due to 

Typhoon Usagi. 

In order to effectively mitigate the risk and impact of climate change, our hatcheries 

are equipped with nettings and structures to provide shade against excessive sunlight 

and to keep the water temperature cool. These structures are also made to be 

collapsible in the event of strong winds or typhoons.  

In addition, our abalone farms are equipped with a flow-through system whereby 

seawater is pumped into the tanks. In the event of sea pollution or unsuitable seawater 

conditions, these flow-through pipes can be shut down within short notice to isolate 

the tanks and minimize impact of ocean change. Other mitigating measures include 

daily cleaning and maintenance of all tanks and frequent farm inspections to ensure 

that farming conditions and water quality are kept at optimal levels. 

8.4 

Energy and Emissions Management  

GRI 302-1, 302-3, 302-4, 305-2, 305-4, 305-5 

The Group strongly encourages energy-saving practices among employees to 

effectively reduce our carbon footprint. We have implemented numerous initiatives in 

line with our environmental policy to reduce energy consumption and increase energy 

efficiency in our daily operations.  

This includes an optimal activation of seawater pumps and strict implementation of 

environmental policies amongst all staff and workers, such as shutting down 

equipment and appliances when not in use.  

We believe that increasing energy efficiency at all stages of our farming operations will 

effectively reduce energy usage. As previously mentioned, we shade our tanks with 

black nettings to allow for water temperatures to remain cool during the summer 

without having to use water cooling equipment thus saving our energy consumption. 

Our farms are also located closer to the shoreline to reduce energy needed to pump 

seawater. These measures effectively reduce our carbon footprint in our daily 

operations. 

 


 

 

21 | P a g e 

 

 

 

 In FY2019, the average monthly energy consumption at our hatcheries increased by 

2.4% due to an increase in hatcheries volume. As a result, our average monthly CO2 

emission increased as well. Nonetheless, our energy intensity decreased from 18.94 

kWh/m3 in FY2018 to 12.84 kWh/m3 in FY2019. Similarly, our average monthly 

emissions intensity decreased from 13.4 kg/m3 in FY2018 to 9.1 kg/m3 in FY2019. 

This is testimonial of the effectiveness of our energy conservation measures. We 

endeavour to continuously improve our energy conservation efforts in the future. 

8.5 

Water and Effluents Management  

GRI 303-1, 306-1 

Seawater needs to be pumped through the tank to regulate the water temperature in 

the tank and to allow abalones to absorb micronutrients present in the seawater that 

are essential for their growth. 

As such, our tanks are built with a flow-through system which draws seawater into the 

tank and lets seawater flow back into the sea. In order to mitigate the risk of water 

pollution in our operations, we ensure that all feeds added into the tanks are all-natural 

and free from harmful chemicals and pollutants, such as being largely comprised of 

vegetable materials like seaweed. 

 

124,144.3

127,124.2

122,000

123,000

124,000

125,000

126,000

127,000

128,000

FY2018

FY2019

Average Monthly Energy 

Consumption (kWh)

18.9

12.8

0

5

10

15

20

FY2018

FY2019

Average Monthly Energy Intensity 

(kWh/m3)

87,775

89,882

86,500

87,000

87,500

88,000

88,500

89,000

89,500

90,000

90,500

FY2018

FY2019

Average Monthly CO2 Emissions 

(kg)

13.4

9.1

0

2

4

6

8

10

12

14

16

FY2018

FY2019

Average Monthly CO2 Intensity 

(kg/m3)


 

 

22 | P a g e 

 

 

 

 




 

 

23 | P a g e 

 

8.6 

Managing Our Suppliers  

GRI 308-1 

Our feed suppliers are thoroughly assessed for both quality and safety to ensure that 

our juvenile abalones are well-fed. With a diversified pool of feed suppliers, we are 

able to adapt quickly in the event that a certain source of feed is deemed unsuitable 

for use at our farms. Our suppliers are also spread across a wide region in China to 

ensure geographical diversification which mitigates supplier risk in our supply chain.   

Additionally, Oceanus only sources from suppliers with proper reputations and 

certifications for sustainable farming.  

8.7 

Environmental Targets and Compliance 

GRI 304-2, 307-1, 308-2 

Oceanus takes extra precaution in ensuring strict compliance with local environmental 

regulations including biosecurity protocols and codes during daily operations. Our 

abalones are fed local kelp and algae, so no foreign nutrients are added to the 

ecosystem. We ensure that our operations have no adverse impact on local habitats 

and diversity. 

There was no incident of non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations, 

and no negative environmental impact in the supply chain in FY2019.  

Environmental Performance for FY2019 

FY2019 Target 

Performance Update 

Analyse and monitor 

energy and water usage 

Energy consumption increased by 2.4% and energy intensity decreased 

by 32.3% 

Environmental 

compliance 

Zero incidents in respect of environmental non-compliance. 

Environmental Targets for FY2020 

FY20120Target 

Action Plan 

Analyse and monitor 

energy and water usage 

Implement water and energy monitoring procedures at the farms in 

China, including data analysis to ensure efficient usage. 

Environmental 

compliance 

Continuous education of all relevant staff on proper procedures to 

ensure that full environmental compliance.  

 

 

 


 

 

24 | P a g e 

 

9. 

Distributions 

Oceanus is committed to deliver quality and safe products to our customers, to be in 

line with our core values and for long term business sustainability. 

9.1 

Product Safety  

GRI 414-1, 416-1 

For products that we distribute, we evaluate our suppliers to ensure that they meet 

regulatory standards in product manufacturing, safety and labelling. 

9.1.1 Abalone Products 

The Group endeavours to become a global seafood producer that distributes seafood 

of premium quality and taste, and food safety is unequivocally our topmost priority. We 

aim to eliminate any health risks of food products for our consumers by carefully 

evaluating the processing factories that we engage for the manufacturing and 

distribution of food products.  

From the procurement of abalones to the packing and distribution of our products, we 

exercise extreme caution in evaluating the quality of our suppliers’ products to ensure 

food safety along our value chain. The Group also works closely with suppliers to 

ensure smooth delivery of products. 

Prior to commencing production, we would perform site inspections at the processing 

factories, and we only engage with factories with relevant Government certifications 

for food processing and food safety. This ensures that our factories strictly comply with 

safety regulations, and our products adhere to our highest food safety standards. We 

also play an active role in sourcing for suppliers to ensure that they offer quality 

products and services with competitive pricing. 

Existing suppliers are assessed by periodically based on specified criteria and 

feedback is also provided by the operation teams to suppliers to ensure standards of 

products or services delivered by suppliers. 

Oceanus only works with factories that are Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point 

(“HACCP) and Health Sanitary certified to ensure food safety. Each batch of canned 

abalone is required to go through health audits and issued with the Country’s Health 

Certificate and Country of Origin labels.  

9.1.2 Consumable Products 

Oceanus’ subsidiary, Alps Group, ensures that its products are kept to the safest 

product safety standards by ensuring that its raw materials and end products are safe 

for septic use and fragrance free. Key products, such as unbleached bamboo tissues, 

have natural antibacterial function, to keep its products safe from bacterial habitation. 

In addition, steps have been taken to ensure that its manufacturing partners adhere 

the company’s policy of zero paraben, phenoxyethanol, alcohol, fragrance, 

petrochemicals and chlorine.  

 


 

 

25 | P a g e 

 

9.1.3 Seafood Farming Raw Material Products 

Before each order of fish meal product is exported to customers via subsidiary 

company Oceanus Feed, laboratory tests are conducted to analyse key chemical 

components, such as Total Votatile Base Nitrogen (“TVBN”) levels, which acts as an 

indicator of the freshness of the fish meal. Microbiological tests are also conducted for 

traces of harmful microbes such as E. Coli, Salmonella and Shigella. Such tests are 

conducted to not only ensure that the product specifications required by each 

customer is met, but also prevent selling products may pose a threat to the livestock 

of customers. 

9.2 

Marketing and Labelling  

GRI 417-1, 417-2, 417-3 

We comply with local regulations regarding marketing and labelling for all our products, 

as we strongly believe in being truthful towards our consumers to establish us as a 

reputable premium seafood supplier.  

Where our products are intended for Halal consumption, they will be labelled with 

appropriate Halal certifications. All ingredients are clearly labelled on our products. 

The Group has a sustainable marketing strategy that maintains and develops our 

brand visibility which ensures our business sustainability. Currently, our abalone 

products are advertised and listed in online platforms such as Redmart, Qoo10 and 

Amazon with factual product descriptions on the website page. Our products are 

currently on the shelves on Haomart and Caltex. In the future, the Group plans to have 

its products on the shelves of major supermarkets such as NTUC Fairprice and Cold 

Storage.  

There was no incident of non-compliance with marketing and labelling regulations in 

FY2019. 

9.3 

Product Safety Targets and Compliance 

GRI 308-2, 414-2. 416-2, 417-2, 417-3, 419-1 

There was no incident of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts as 

well as marketing and labelling of our products in FY2019. In addition, our suppliers 

did not have any reported incident of environmental non-compliance. 

In order to maintain strict compliance with product safety regulations and achieve our 

product safety targets in FY2020, we have reviewed our performance in FY2019 and 

developed an action plan for FY2020. 

Product Safety Performance for FY2019 

FY2019 Target 

Performance Update 

Zero product safety 

incident 

There were zero incidents in respect of product safety. 

Zero customer complaints 

related to product safety 

There were zero customer complaints related to product safety. 


 

 

26 | P a g e 

 

Zero non-compliance with 

product safety regulations 

There were zero incidents in respect of product safety regulation 

compliance. 

Product Safety Targets for FY2020 

FY2020 Target 

Action Plan 

Zero product safety 

incident 

To conduct continuous quality checks on our product and supplier 

standards. 

Zero customer complaints 

related to product safety 

To closely monitor product feedback and ensure customer satisfaction 

by conducting customer surveys. 

Zero non-compliance with 

product safety regulations 

To maintain periodic site visits to our suppliers and ensure full-

compliance to production standards and product safety requirements. 

 

 

 


 

 

27 | P a g e 

 

10. 

Alps Group 

Alps Group was acquired by Oceanus Group in December 2018. Its business is 

principally engaged in the sale of environmentally friendly disposable products, such 

as tissues, wet wipes, food packaging and disposable wares.  Its main established 

brand name “Cloversoft” utilises bamboo pulp to develop environmentally friendly 

products. 

10.1 Sustainable Consumable Products 

GRI 304-2, 416-1 

Every year, the haze situation in Singapore impacts a large part of the population in 

South East Asia and has created a number of controversy and conflicts. Use of trees 

in the production of consumable products such as paper and tissues causes 

environmental degradation as the conventional slash-and-burn method of farming 

trees was a major cause of the haze phenomena. In addition, as trees typically take 

decades to grow, it is neither readily available nor sustainable as a material.  

Instead of conventional methods, Cloversoft harvests bamboo as the main ingredient 

for its tissues and wipes. Bamboo harvesting does not involve slash-and-burn, which 

makes it an eco-friendly source of material. It also grows within months, which is faster 

than any other woody plant in the world. Furthermore, bamboo self-regenerates from 

its own roots and does not require replanting after harvest. As such, it is a fast-growing 

and sustainable source of material. 

In addition, Cloversoft does not involve ‘bleaching’ during its manufacturing of tissues 

and other paper products where harmful gases are emitted to the atmosphere and 

chemicals are released to the rivers, making the process truly eco-friendly. Other than 

contributing to environmental protection, these unbleached products are free from 

harmful chemicals and toxins which makes them gentle on the skin, safe and suitable 

to use on adults and babies alike. 

Other products such as food packaging and disposable cutleries are made from 

natural materials such as wheat husks, bamboo, and corn. They are Biobased 

Certified, which means that our products are composed significantly or entirely of 

biological products or renewable domestic agricultural materials that are more easily 

decomposed compared to plastic-based products. 

Cloversoft has attained ISO 14001 (Environmental Management System) and ISO 

9001 (Quality Management System) certifications which shows Cloversoft’s 

commitment towards providing sustainable products that are safe to use. 

 




 

 

28 | P a g e 

 

10.2 Managing Our Suppliers  

GRI 308-1 

The Group is committed to develop a sustainable supply chain that distributes eco-

friendly products sourced and manufactured in a sustainable manner. 

10.2.1 Abalone Products 

We verify that our wild abalone suppliers source only from Australia, New Zealand, 

and South Africa, which are countries with strict laws and quotas on abalone fishing. 

On top of that, we periodically assess the competency of our suppliers based on their 

environmental compliance. 

10.2.2 Consumable Products 

Alps Group is Forestry Stewardship Council (“FSC”) certified, meaning that FSC-

certified material is handled and tracked correctly throughout the entire supply chain. 

This includes maintaining up-to-date information about all suppliers and the materials 

sourced.  

In order to prevent any changes that might affect the availability and authenticity of 

supplied products, Alps Group periodically verifies the validity and product group’s 

scope of the certificates of their suppliers through the FSC certificate database 

(info.fsc.org). Other procedures are also in place to check the supplier’s sale and/or 

delivery documentation to confirm that: 

• 

The supplied material type and quantities conform with the supplied 

documentation; 

• 

The FSC claim is specified; and 

• 

The supplier’s certification code is quoted for materials supplied with FSC claims.  

Adherence to these standards are ensured via audit on the entire value chain, 

including the sourcing and manufacturing by suppliers.  

10.2.3 Seafood Farming Raw Material Products 

Oceanus Feed ensures that the following procedures are implemented for every batch 

of products shipped from its suppliers: 

• 

Products originate from suppliers that are registered and supervised by competent 

authorities, such as Department of Fisheries Malaysia; 

• 

Products are tested to certify that they are free from ruminant ingredients; 

• 

The supplier’s processing plant is dedicated only to fish meal production where no 

other material of animal origin other than fish is being used; and 

• 

End products are packaged with new, clean, sealed, impermeable, moisture-

resistant and durable materials.  

Relevant authorities will verify the procedures to further ensure the quality and safety 

of our products. 

 


 

 

29 | P a g e 

 

10.3 Socioeconomic Compliance  

GRI 419-1 

Oceanus ensures that all operations comply with local socioeconomic laws and 

regulations where we operate in.  

There was no incident of non-compliance with social and economic laws and 

regulations in FY2019.  

11. 

Our People, Our Assets 

At Oceanus, we commit to the sustainable development of the community and our 

staff. We value and compensate the contributions of all our staff, and we treat 

everyone equally and with respect. We implement measures to ensure workplace 

safety and we strive for zero fatal accidents at all worksites.  

We aim to provide a work environment for our staff that fosters fairness, equity and 

respect for social and cultural diversity, regardless of their gender and age. 

11.1 Workforce Diversity  

GRI 202-2, 401-1, 405-1, 405-2 

The Group believes that workforce diversity promotes creativity and integration of 

different perspectives. We embrace workforce diversity and do not discriminate 

against gender or age in staff employment. All employees are fairly remunerated 

regardless of age or gender.  

As at the end of FY2019, we had a total strength of 46 full-time employees. 

 

We endeavour to provide employment opportunities for the local communities we 

operate in. For our regional operations outside of Singapore, majority of the blue-collar 

17.4%

13.0%

19.6%

17.4%

28.3%

4.3%

34.8%

41.3%

23.9%

0

0.05

0.1

0.15

0.2

0.25

0.3

0.35

0.4

0.45

BELOW 30

BETWEEN 30 TO 50

ABOVE 50

Our Workforce

Male

Female


 

 

30 | P a g e 

 

workers and 66% of the management are locals. In FY2019, approximately 71% of the 

management of our farming operations in China was hired from the local community.   

11.2 Employee Benefits and Development  

GRI 401-2, 401-3, 404-3 

The Group believes in promoting staff well-being and productivity for the growth of our 

business, and we ensure that all employees are entitled to competitive benefits in line 

with industrial standards, including healthcare, insurance and parental leave.  

In addition, all employees are given opportunities to develop their fullest potential. We 

invest in our employees to keep them up-to-date with the latest technical knowledge 

to improve productivity. On top of that, we conduct annual performance appraisals to 

compensate employees fairly based on their experience, contributions and 

performance. 

Oceanus makes an effort to ensure that all staff remain engaged and motivated on the 

job. Some staff retention strategies include regular team bonding activities, 

renovations of the pantry area to promote staff relaxation, as well as attractive wage 

reviews in China. As at the end of FY2019, our new hire rate was 26.2% and turnover 

rate was 17.4%. 

11.3 Occupational Health and Safety  

GRI 403-2, 403-3 

A safe working environment allows our staff to work safely without fear of getting 

injured. This helps to build loyalty amongst our staff and support the sustainability of 

the Group. As such, Oceanus prioritises the health and safety of all employees in our 

daily operations. We provide all staff and workers with adequate health and safety 

trainings, especially workers who are directly involved in farming operations. As such, 

there are minimal risks associated with farming operations. 

11.4 Employment Targets and Compliance 

GRI 202-1, 401-1, 406-1, 408-1, 409-1 

Oceanus strictly complies with local labour laws and regulations where we operate, 

and we strive to treat all employees fairly and with dignity and respect. As we expand 

our operations, we actively hire locals to take up various job positions that come with 

the opening of new farms. We implement remuneration measures to ensure that the 

wages of our employees in China are above the legislated minimum wage level.  

The Group also implements a non-discrimination policy to ensure ethical labour 

practices on a group level. Any employee who feels that he/she is unfairly 

discriminated will have ample avenues to inform our Human Resource Department, 

and all correspondences will be kept in strict confidence. There was no incident of 

discrimination in FY2019. 

The Group strives to be socially responsible in employment practices. There was no 

incident of child labour or forced labour during the Group’s operations and there was 

no workplace health and safety incident in FY2019. 


 

 

31 | P a g e 

 

Workforce Performance for FY2019 

FY2019 Target 

Performance Update 

Zero incident of 

workplace health and 

safety 

There were zero incidents in respect of workplace health and safety. 

Workforce Targets for FY2020 

FY2020 Target 

Action Plan 

Zero incident of 

workplace health and 

safety 

1. Implement workplace checks to ensure a safe working 

environment; and 

2. Educate all staff on workplace safety and preventive measures. 

12. 

Community Engagement 

As a company that focuses on social well-being, we do our best in giving back to the 

community and enhancing their people’s quality of life through various means other 

than supplying quality products. 

12.1 Giving Back to Society  

GRI 203-2, 413-1 

12.1.1 Charitable Acts under Oceanus 

Oceanus aspires to bring about positive social and environmental impacts to the local 

community. In FY2019, our charitable acts included the Oceans Smile Charity Project. 

This project was in collaboration with Willing Hearts Kitchen, where Oceanus Group 

donated and prepared 6,500 hot abalone meals to families in need. 

 

 












 

 

32 | P a g e 

 

13. 

SGX Five Primary Components Index  

S/N 

Primary Component   

Section Reference  

1 

Material Topics  

▪ 

Reporting Practice 

▪ 

Stakeholder Engagement  

2 

Policies,  

Practices and Performance  

▪ 

CEO’s Message 

▪ 

Our Sustainability Story 

3 

Board Statement  

Governance and Statement of the Board 

4 

Targets  

Our Sustainability Story 

5 

Framework  

Reporting Practice 

 

 

 


 

 

33 | P a g e 

 

14. 

GRI Standards Content Index   

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

Organisation Profile 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Organisation Profile 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Organisation Profile 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Organisation Profile 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Organisation Profile 

102-6 

Markets served 

Organisation Profile 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Organisation Profile 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers Organisation Profile 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Organisation Profile 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and 

its supply chain 

Organisation Profile 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Organisation Profile 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Organisation Profile 

102-13 

Membership of associations  

Organisation Profile 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

CEO’s Message 

102-15 

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities 

CEO’s Message, Our 

Sustainability Story  

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour  

Ethics and Integrity  

102-17 

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about 

ethics 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-18 

Governance structure  

Governance and 

Statement of the 

Board 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups  

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders  

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic Boundaries  Reporting Practice  


 

 

34 | P a g e 

 

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

Annual Report 2019 

201-2 

Financial implications and other risks and 

opportunities due to climate change 

Dealing with Climate 

Change 

202-1 

Ratios of standard entry level wage by 

gender compared to local minimum wage 

Employment Targets 

and Compliance 

202-2 

Proportion of senior management hired from 

the local community 

Workforce Diversity 

203-2 

Significant indirect economic impacts 

Dealing with Climate 

Change, Indirect 

Economy Impacts, 

Giving Back to 

Society 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

Anti-corruption  

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures 

Anti-corruption  

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and 

actions taken 

Anti-corruption  

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organization 

Energy and 

Emissions 

Management 

302-3 

Energy intensity 

Energy and 

Emissions 

Management 

302-4 

Reduction of energy consumption 

Energy and 

Emissions 

Management  

303-1 

Water withdrawal by source 

Water and Effluents 

Management 

304-2 

Significant impacts of activities, products, 

and services on biodiversity 

Environmental 

Targets and 

Compliance, 

Sustainable 

Consumable 

Products 

305-2 

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 

Energy and 

Emissions 

Management 


 

 

35 | P a g e 

 

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

305-4 

GHG emissions intensity 

Energy and 

Emissions 

Management 

305-5 

Reductions in GHG Emissions 

Energy and 

Emissions 

Management 

306-1 

Total water discharged by quality and 

destination 

Water and Effluents 

Management 

307-1 

Monetary value of significant fines and total 

number of non-monetary sanctions for non-

compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

Environmental 

Targets and 

Compliance 

308-1 

New suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria 

Managing Our 

Suppliers 

308-2 

Negative environmental impacts in the 

supply chain and actions taken 

Environmental 

Targets and 

Compliance 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

Workforce Diversity, 

Employment Targets 

and Compliance 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full time employees that 

are not provided to temporary or part-time 

employees 

Employee Benefits 

and Development 

401-3 

Parental Leave 

Employee Benefits 

and Development 

403-2  

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

403-3 

Workers with high incidence or high risk of 

diseases related to her occupation 

Occupational Health 

and Safety  

404-3 

Regular Performance and Career 

Development Review 

Employee Benefits 

and Development 

405-1  

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees 

Workforce Diversity 

405-2 

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of 

women to men 

Workforce Diversity 

406-1 

Incidents of discrimination and corrective 

actions taken 

Employment Targets 

and Compliance 


 

 

36 | P a g e 

 

GRI Standards  

Disclosure Content  

Section Reference  

408-1 

Operations and suppliers at significant risk 

for incidents of child labor 

Employment Targets 

and Compliance 

409-1 

Operations and suppliers at significant risk 

for incidents of forced or compulsory labor 

Employment Targets 

and Compliance 

413-1  

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, and 

development programmes 

Giving Back to 

Society 

414-1 

New suppliers that were screened using 

social criteria 

Product Safety 

416-1 

Assessment of the health and safety impacts 

of product and service categories 

Product Safety, 

Sustainable 

Consumable 

Products 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the 

health and safety impacts of products and 

services 

Product Safety 

Targets and 

Compliance 

417-1 

Requirements for product and service 

information and labelling 

Marketing and 

Labelling 

417-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

product and service information and labelling 

Marketing and 

Labelling, Product 

Safety Targets and 

Compliance 

417-3 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

marketing communications 

Marketing and 

Labelling, Product 

Safety Targets and 

Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in 

the social and economic area 

Product Safety 

Targets and 

Compliance, 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

 

