
1 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2017 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sponsor Statement 

 

This Sustainability Report has been prepared by Ocean Sky International Limited (the “Company”) and its contents 

have been reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, UOB Kay Hian Private Limited (the “Sponsor”), for compliance 

with the relevant rules of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”). The Sponsor has 

not verified the contents of this Sustainability Report. 

 

This Sustainability Report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST. The Sponsor and the SGX-ST 

assume no responsibility for the contents of this Sustainability Report, including the accuracy, completeness or 

correctness of any of the information, statements or o pinions made or reports contained in this Sustainability 

Report. 

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr Gregory Wee Toon Lee, Assistant Vice President, at 8 Anthony Road, 

#01-01, Singapore 229957, telephone (65) 6590 6881.




2 

 

CORPORATE PROFILE 

 

Ocean Sky International Limited (“Ocean Sky” or the “Company” and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) 

is an investment holding company with an interest in civil engineering, construction and related services business 

(“Construction and Engineering Business”), and the business of property development, investment and 

management (“Real Estate Business”).  

 

Construction and Engineering Business  

 

The Group’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Ang Tong Seng Brothers Enterprises Pte Ltd (“ATS”), operates primarily in 

Singapore and provides civil engineering services including earthwork, roadwork, drainage work, basement work, 

structural works involving demolition and underground infrastructure as well as other general building works.  

 

Registered with the Building and Construction Authority of Singapore, ATS is currently classified under Grade C3 

for General Building category and Grade C1 for Civil Engineering category.  

 

Real Estate Business  

 

Singapore  

The Group, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Atlantic Sky Investment Pte. Ltd., acquired a 999-year leasehold 

property at 6 Nim Drive for redevelopment into a detached house for sale. Through its joint venture company, TSky 

Development Pte. Ltd., the Group successfully completed the acquisition of 17 Balmoral Road, a freehold property 

in the prime district 10 of Singapore, for redevelopment into high-end residential units.  

 

The Group also owns a factory cum office leasehold property for rental income generation.  

 

Cambodia  

The Group’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Pacific Sky Investment Pte. Ltd., together with its joint partners, will develop 

and manage a proposed 71-unit shophouse development project, Eco Garden Mall, on a freehold land area of 

approximately 9,185 square metres in Kandal Province. 

 

 

 


3 

 

BOARD STATEMENT  

 

We are pleased to present the inaugural annual Sustainability Report of Ocean Sky International Limited for our 

financial year ended 31 December 2017 (“FY2017”). This report is prepared in compliance with the requirements 

of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist 711A 

and 711B, and references the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards: core option. This report highlights the 

key economic, environmental, social and governance (EESG) related initiatives carried throughout a 12-month 

period, from 1 January to 31 December 2017. 

 

Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its stakeholders. As such, the 

key material EESG factors for the Group have been identified and cautiously reviewed by the management. The 

data and information provided have not been verified by an independent third party. We have relied on internal 

data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy of data and information. The board of directors of the Group 

(the “Board”) oversees the management and monitoring of these factors and takes them into consideration in the 

determination of the Group’s strategic direction and policies.  

 

For our first year report, we focus on ATS and we will include the rest of the entities as this report progress.  

 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables us to 

consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and suggestions to 

enquiry@oceanskyintl.com. 

 

 

28 December 2018  

 

 

 

 


4 

 

POLICY, PRACTICES AND PERFORMANCE 

REPORTING 

 

SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT  

An important starting point in our sustainability 

journey is to identify our stakeholders and material 

EESG factors relevant to our business. The interests 

and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken 

into account when formulating corporate strategies. 

These key stakeholders include, but are not limited 

to 

board 

of 

directors, 

customers, 

suppliers, 

employees, investors, local communities and local 

government. We adopt both formal and informal 

channels of communication to understand the needs 

of key stakeholders, and incorporate these into our 

corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial 

relationships. The following sets out our engagement 

platforms with our stakeholders: 

 

Stakeholder 

Engagement Platform 

Employees 

Emails, monthly meetings, 

welfare &amp; social events, 

training 

Customers 

Meetings, email 

communications, phone 

calls, company website 

(http://www.oceanskyintl.co

m)  

Suppliers and Service 

Providers 

Regular meetings, site visits, 

trade events 

Investors / 

Shareholders 

 

Announcements via SGXNet, 

company website, general 

meetings, annual report 

Government and 

Regulators 

 

Seminars conducted by 

regulators, relevant 

government association 

memberships, emails 

communications 

 

Plan and Scope

Engage Stakeholders

Assess Materiality

Collect Data

Report












5 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT  

 

We conducted a materiality assessment during the 

year with the help of an external consultant to 

determine the material EESG factors. Going 

forward, materiality review will be conducted every 

year, incorporating inputs from the stakeholder 

engagements. 

 

To determine if an EESG factor is material, we 

assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment, society and the influence on the 

stakeholders.  Senior management took part along 

with our consultant, taking into account the views of 

Ocean Sky's various internal stakeholders. EESG 

factors were identified and prioritised through 

internal workshops, peer reviews and social impact 

assessments at site level. Applying the guidance 

from GRI, we have identified the following material 

EESG factors: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TARGETS 

Given that this is our inaugural report, we do not have sufficient performance data to form a trend for the purpose 

of setting quantitative targets for all of the factors in FY2017. Qualitative and some quantitative targets are set out 

below.  

 



GOVERNANCE 



 Corporate 

Governance 

 Risk Management 

 Business Ethics and 

Compliance 



ECONOMIC 



 Economic Performance 

 Anti-corruption 



ENVIRONMENTAL 



 Energy 

 Environmental 

Compliance 

 



SOCIAL 



 Employment 

 Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity 

 Occupational Health and 

Safety 

 Training and Education 

 Socio-Economic 

Compliance 



1 IDENTIFICATION 



2 PRIORITISATION 



3 VALIDATION 



4 REVIEW 



Identification of the material factors that are 

of relevance to the Group’s activities 



Prioritization of the material factors and 

identifies key sustainability factors to be 

reported upon 



Validation of the completeness of key 

sustainability factors identified to finalize 

the sustainability report content 



Review focuses on the material factors in 

previous reporting period and also considers 

stakeholder’s feedback, changing business 

landscape and emerging trends 


6 

 

ECONOMIC 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

Ocean Sky firmly believes that focusing on financial sustainability is critical. The Company’s basic principle is that 

long-term profitability and shareholder value is ensured by taking into account the interests of stakeholders, such 

as shareholders, employees, suppliers and society as a whole.  

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our 2017 Annual Report: 

 

Financial highlights, pages 4 to 5 

 

Financial Statements, pages 34 to 108 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

Ocean Sky do not tolerate any form of corruption. This has been made clear to all of our employees, our suppliers 

and our business partners. There were no incidents of corruption reported in FY2017. We will always ensure that 

there will be no incidents of corruption in the Group.  

 

Whistle-blowing policy 

The Company has put in place a whistle-blowing framework whereby staff of the Group may, in confidence, raise 

concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters. The framework includes 

arrangements for independent investigation and appropriate follow-up of such matters.  

 

To ensure independent investigation of such matters and for appropriate follow-up action, all whistle-blowing 

reports are addressed and sent to the AC Chairman. A whistle-blower email address has been created for reporting 

suspected fraud, corruption, dishonest practices or other similar matters. Details of the whistle-blowing policy and 

arrangements have been made known to all staff. In addition, new staff is briefed on the policy during the orientation 

programme. We will ensure to remind our staff regarding our anti-corruption and whistle-blowing policy annually. 

No whistle-blowing report was received during FY2017. 

 


7 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

ENERGY 

The Group is fully aware of its responsibility for nurturing the environment and lessening negative environmental 

consequences at our worksites and the environment where we operate. We monitor our energy (both electricity 

and diesel) and water consumption at our work places to ensure that we use our resources economically, 

meaningfully and responsibly.  

 

Ang Tong Seng Brothers Enterprises Pte Ltd has been awarded BCA Green and Gracious Builder (SMC) 

Award in the category Certified in 2016.  

 

Below are our performance indicators in FY2017: 

 

Electricity consumption (kWh) 

116,310 

Diesel consumption (liters) 

729,647 

Water consumption (Cu M) 

2,046 

 

We target to maintain or lower our consumption in FY2018.  

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

In FY2017 there was no incidence of non-compliance with laws and regulations resulting in significant fines or 

sanctions, and we endeavour to maintain this track record.  

 

To help the environment in our own little ways, we have set the following initiatives: 

 

double-sided printing to reduce paper wastage 

 

re-using water for washing to reduce water wastage 

 

switching off lights and air-conditioners during lunch break 

 

recycling materials from one project to another where possible 

 




8 

 

5%

95%

GENDER

Female

Male

41%

40%

19%

AGE

below 30

30 to 50

above 50

67%

13%

7%

4%

9%

NATIONALITY

Indian

Singaporean

Malaysian

Bangladeshi

Others

SOCIAL 

 

EMPLOYMENT 

Every employee plays an essential role in our company. We achieve success by promoting a collaborative work 

environment in which everyone is committed to achieve our corporate goals based on open and honest 

communications while showing care and support for each other. Our employees are the drivers of our business 

and we believe in creating a respectful, rewarding and safe working environment for our people. We support and 

respect the protection of internationally proclaimed human rights. 

 

We respect human rights, support the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour, especially child 

labour, and do not tolerate any discrimination in respect of employment and occupation. 

 

The company provides competitive remuneration based on merit to all our employees. Our employees are not 

covered by collective bargaining agreements. 

 

ATS has a total of 215 employees in FY2017 with 2% new recruitments over 1% resignations.  

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY  

We do not discriminate according to their race, age, gender, religion, ethnicity, facial attractiveness, physical 

impairments, sexual preference, political viewpoints or nationality.  

 

We enjoy festive celebration such as Chinese New Year, Deepavali, Hari Raya and Christmas with our employees. 

Long service awardees were given cash rewards.  

 

Our 215 headcounts were distributed as follows: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


9 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

We are also committed to safeguarding our employees’ health and safety against any potential workplace hazards. 

The focus on health and safety is important for Ocean Sky. It is not only a fundamental right for our workers to be 

able to work in a safe environment, but when our employees’ wellness is attained, our productivity increases, and 

our best is given to our customers. By implementing job safety guidelines, we are committed to provide a hazard-

free workplace to ensure the wellbeing of both our employees and environment. 

 

Ocean Sky employs a variety of measures to ensure the health and safety of all our staff. Daily onsite work briefing, 

including risks assessments, required safety measures, designed personal safety protections, and most 

importantly, the spirit of team-work, are strongly emphasized on each individual project site, by our designated 

competent safety coordinator. Lead safety coordinator and safety officer are always on random site checks to 

ensure safety compliances and put up necessary discussions and comments to the respective teams, so as to 

further improve on the safety measures and well-being at the ongoing project. Unfortunately, there was one 

reported incident of a work-related accident to our Construction Worker. He was on medical leave for a total of 22 

days. All expenses related to the incident were borne by the Group. We target to have zero incident of injuries in 

our workplace.  

 

We currently have the following certifications: 

Current Certification 

Date issue 

Expire date 

Certificate of Commendation (commitment to WSH in building a safe 

and healthy work culture through CultureSAFE 

15-Feb-17 

15-Feb-19 

ISO 9001:2015 

14-Jun-17 

14-Jun-20 

BizSafe Star Certificate 

22-May-18 

29-May-21 

OHSAS-18001:2007 

15-May-18 

29-May-21 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

It is in the interest of the Company that career development programmes are set for individual employees on an 

on-going basis based on their individual needs and goals. A total of 21 training programmes have been provided 

to our employees in FY2017 averaging 1 day per employee who attended. We will continue to provide trainings to 

our employees for their development and will target at least 5% of our total employee to attend trainings annually.  

Course Title 

Course Objective 

Employee Category 

Apply Workplace Safety and Health 

in Process Plant (worker level) 

Basic understanding of safety and health hazards 

and measures to prevent accidents in oil and 

petrochemical industry 

Construction Worker 

Basic Traffic Control course 

Basic understanding of public safety acts and 

regulations and LTA code of practices for traffic 

control at work zone 

Construction Worker 

Building Construction Supervisors 

Safety course 

Equip worker with adequate safety and 

occupational health training to supervise 

work/process at worksite 

Construction Worker 

Continuing Education Training 

(CET) course in Construction Plant 

Operation 

Continuous improvement in skills and capability 

development 

Construction Worker 

Continuing Education Training 

(CET) course in reinforced Concrete 

Works 

Continuous improvement in skills and capability 

development 

Construction Worker, Senior Site 

Supervisor, Site Supervisor, Site 

Manager 

Coretrade for Supervisor (Structural) 

course 

Continuous improvement in skills and capability 

development 

Site Manager 

Coretrade for Tradesman course - 

Aluminium Formwork 

Upgrade skills to be certified as registered 

CoreTrade personnel 

Construction Worker 

Coretrade for Tradesman course - 

Hydraulic Excavator Operation 

Upgrade skills to be certified as registered 

CoreTrade personnel 

Construction Worker 


10 

 

Course Title 

Course Objective 

Employee Category 

Formwork Safety course for 

Supervisors 

Equip worker with adequate safety and health 

training and familiarise hazards associated with 

formwork structure 

Senior Site Supervisor 

Incident i-Reporting and Work Injury 

Comp 

Handle WICA and claims involving injury, accident, 

occupational diseases 

Safety Coordinator, Senior 

Contracts Manager 

ISO 9001:2015 and ISO 14001:2015 

Awareness Training 

ISO 9001:2015 and ISO 14001:2015 Awareness 

Training 

Office and Management 

ISO 9001:2015 and ISO 14001:2015 

Internal Auditor Training 

ISO 9001:2015 and ISO 14001:2015 Internal 

Auditor Training 

Office and Management 

Managing Work-at-Heights course 

Provide requisite Work-at-Height knowledge to 

manage activities at worksites 

Construction Worker 

Occupational First Aid course 

Knowledge and application skills in first aids at 

worksites 

Site Supervisor 

Occupational First Aid Refresher 

course 

Knowledge and application skills in first aids at 

worksites 

Construction Worker 

Perform Work in Confined Space 

Operations 

Introduce common safety and health hazards and 

preventive measures to avoid injuries 

Construction Worker 

Registered Earthworks Supervisor 

course 

Understand statutory requirement and legislation 

for earthworks and code of practice 

Site Manager, Site Supervisor 

Rigger/Signalman course 

Equip worker with adequate knowledge involving 

lifting operations 

Construction Worker 

Trade Foreman course - Precast 

Kerb &amp; Drain Laying 

Upgrade skills to be certified as registered 

CoreTrade supervisor 

Site Supervisor, Construction 

Worker 

Understanding Powered Access and 

a Look into SS 616 

Understand code of practice : SS616 for safety 

principles, operation of mobile elevating work 

platform 

Senior Contracts Manager 

Welder Qualification Test 

Equip skills to be qualified welder 

Construction Worker 

 

 

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE 

We pride ourselves in having good corporate governance and observing compliance with applicable laws and 

regulations. The Group is committed to conduct the business with integrity and to safeguard the interest of all our 

stakeholders, both internal and external. In FY2017, there were no significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for 

non-compliance with laws and regulation. We will strictly ensure to be compliant at all times.  

 


11 

 

GOVERNANCE 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The Board and the Management of Ocean Sky are committed to the best practices in corporate governance to 

ensure sustainability of the Group’s operations. We believe that our constant drive for corporate excellence will 

allow us to establish a more transparent, accountable and equitable system, thereby increasing the value of the 

Company and its value to our shareholders. Please refer to the 2017 Annual Report pages 15 to 33 for details of 

the Group’s Corporate Governance Report. 

 

RISK MANAGEMENT  

The Board is committed to ensuring that the Group has an effective and practical enterprise risk management 

framework in place to safeguard Shareholders’ interests, and the sustainability of the Group as well as provide a 

basis to make informed decisions having regard to the risk exposure and risk appetite of the Group. For detailed 

disclosure on our risk management, please refer to pages 27 to 28 of our 2017 Annual Report.  

 

BUSINESS ETHICS 

All of our staff are reminded of the importance of upholding the highest standards when it comes to business ethics. 

The Group regularly updates relevant staff with development in international and local regulations. There were no 

non-compliance to laws and regulations as reported under Socioeconomic compliance above.


12 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

 

 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

Ocean Sky International Limited 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

Sustainability Report (SR) page 2 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Singapore 

102-4 

Location of operations 

SR page 2 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

2017 Annual Report (AR) page 79 

102-6 

Markets served 

SR page 2 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

SR page 2, 8 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

SR page 8 

102-9 

Supply chain 

With regard to managing our supply chain, 

Ocean Sky has a process in place for selecting 

our suppliers by checking on their industry 

reputation, track record, and Health, Safety 

and Environment (HSE) standards. We make it 

a priority to engage our potential and current 

suppliers through frequent reviews and 

feedback to ensure they have the right 

capabilities and adequate resources to support 

the Group’s projects and activities. 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

None 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Ocean Sky supports the intent of the 

Precautionary Principle, but has not expressed 

a specific commitment 

102-12 

External initiatives 

None 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

To be reported in FY2018 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

SR page 3 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour 

2017 AR page 9, SR page 9 

102-18 

Governance structure 

2017 AR page 15 to 33 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR page 4 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR page 4 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR page 4 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

To be reported in FY 2018 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

2017 AR page 79 

 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

SR page 3 

 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR page 5 

 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

Not applicable 

 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable 

 

102-50 

Reporting period 

1 January to 31 December 2017 

 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

Not applicable 

 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the report 

SR page 3 

 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

This report is with reference to the GRI 

Standards (Core option). 

 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR page 10 to 11 

 

102-56 

External Assurance 

We may seek external assurance in the future. 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: 

Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated 

and distributed 

 

SR page 6 

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

SR page 6 

GRI 302: Energy 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organization 

SR page 7 


13 

 

 GRI 307: 

Environmental 

compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

SR page 7 

GRI 401: 

Employment 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

SR page 8 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

health and safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost 

SR page 9 

GRI 404: Training 

and Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per 

employee 

SR page 9 to 10 

GRI 405: Diversity 

and equal 

opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

SR page 8 

GRI 419: 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in 

the social and economic area 

SR page 10 

 

