


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

COMMITMENT TO 

SUSTAINABILITY 

AND QUALITY 

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 9  




OKH GLOBAL LTD. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

2 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT  

OKH APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

STAKEHOLDERS AND MATERIALITY 

ECONOMIC 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

SOCIAL 

GOVERNANCE 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Page 

 

1 

2 

3 

4 

5 

6 

7 

8 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 



6 



4 



7 



9 



10 



12 



16 



18 


OKH GLOBAL LTD. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

3 

INTEGRATED PROPERTY DEVELOPER IN 

ASIA 

Established in 1998 and headquartered in Singapore, OKH Global Ltd. (“OKH Global” or “the 

Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) is an integrated property developer 

with a strategic focus on logistics and industrial properties. Interlinking strategic investments 

with our capabilities in property development, the Group aims to further strengthen our 

business presence in Asia and beyond. 

 

 

OUR VALUES  

TEAMWORK Every employee plays an essential role in our company. We achieve success by 

promoting a collaborative work environment in which everyone is committed to achieve our 

corporate goals based on open and honest communications while showing care and support 

for each other.  

PROFESSIONALISM Our professionalism is the foundation of our corporate performance. We 

apply both our extensive industry knowledge and technical competence to competitive 

advantage and conduct ourselves at all times in a manner which we strive for excellence in 

our work and add value to what we do.  

INTEGRITY We remain accountable at all times to all our stakeholders, both internal and 

external. Through unquestionable honesty, openness and fairness, we take pride in 

conducting ourselves morally, legally and ethically while delivering excellence to our 

customers.  

INNOVATION In every aspect of our business, we embrace innovation and creativity by 

challenging conventional practices and inspiring continuous improvement to stay at the 

forefront of sustainable solutions.  

EFFICIENCY We incorporate effective use of technology, develop performance measures, 

communicate outcomes and results and implement necessary changes to provide fast and 

high quality services at low transactional costs.  

RESPECT We take pride in the diversity of our workplace and address our disparities 

professionally. We view differences of opinion as opportunities that can be used to improve 

our businesses and acknowledge the contributions of each individual regardless of their 

background and treat people as we would like to be treated ourselves.




OKH GLOBAL LTD. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

4 

1 ABOUT THIS REPORT  

BOARD STATEMENT 

We are pleased to present OKH Global Ltd’s annual Sustainability Report for our financial year 

ended 30 June 2019 (“FY2019”). 

The key material economic, environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) factors for OKH 

have been identified and reviewed by the Chairman and the CEO. The board of directors of 

OKH (“Board”) oversees the management and monitoring of these factors and takes them 

into consideration in the determination of the company’s strategic direction and policies. 

Sustainability is a part of OKH’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all our 

stakeholders. 

With the availability of environment, social and governance data, sustainability reporting has 

gained greater significance to investors. Far from being just an image building exercise, today 

it is widely accepted that good EESG practices contribute to the overall long-term success of 

the company and play an important part in the competition for talent and investment. 

Businesses must be quick to adapt to key stakeholders’ concerns, closing any potential gaps 

and capitalizing on opportunities amid today’s rapidly-changing business environment.  

In defining our reporting content, we applied the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”)’s 

principles by considering the Group’s activities, impact and substantive expectations and 

interests of its stakeholders. We observed a total of four principles, namely materiality, 

stakeholder inclusiveness, sustainability index and completeness. For reporting quality, we 

observed the principles of balance, comparability, accuracy, timeliness, clarity and reliability.  

The EESG data and information provided have been derived from internal data monitoring 

and verification to ensure accuracy. We adopt the precautionary principle to minimize 

negative effects of conducting its business whenever feasible. 

 

29 November 2019  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


OKH GLOBAL LTD. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

5 

REPORTING PERIOD AND SCOPE 

This report is prepared in compliance with the requirements of Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Rules 711A and 711B, and references the GRI Standards. 

Corresponding to GRI’s emphasis on materiality, the report highlights the key environmental, 

social and governance related initiatives carried out throughout the 12-month period, from 1 

July 2018 to 30 June 2019.  

 

REPORTING FRAMEWORK 

OKH has chosen the GRI framework as it is the most established international sustainability 

reporting standard and in respect of the extent to which such framework is applied, this 

report has been prepared in reference with the GRI Standards reporting guidelines, at Core 

level.  

 

FEEDBACK 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this 

enables us to improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and 

suggestions to admin@okh.com.sg. 

 

No hard copies of this Sustainability Report have been printed as part of our efforts to 

promote environmental conservation. You may visit SGX website or our company website 

http://www.okh.com.sg/ for our Sustainability Report. 

 

 


OKH GLOBAL LTD. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

6 

2 OKH APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY 

 

 

 



Boards of Directors 



Executive Committee  



Sustainability 

Committee  

(chaired by CEO) 



Construction 

Department 



Sales &amp; Marketing 

Department 



Human Resource 

Department 



Finance Department 

Report

Collect 

Data

Assess 

Materiality

Engage 

Stakeholders

Plan and 

Scope


OKH GLOBAL LTD. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

7 

3 STAKEHOLDERS AND MATERIALITY  

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT 

OKH believes that an important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our 

stakeholders and material EESG factors relevant to our business. The interests and 

requirements of key stakeholders are also taken into account when formulating corporate 

strategies on sustainability. These key stakeholders include, but are not limited to, customers, 

suppliers, employees, investors, and regulators. We adopt both formal and informal channels 

of communication to understand the needs of key stakeholders, and incorporate these into 

our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships.  

Below sets out our engagement with our stakeholders: 

Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Key Concerns Raised 

SUPPLIERS 

 Face-to-face meetings 

 Vendor Assessment 

As required 

 Consistency and quality of 

supplies 

 Punctuality of delivery 

SHAREHOLDERS 

 Annual General Meeting/ 

Extraordinary General Meeting 

 Annual Report 

 Announcement 

Annually 

or 

when 

needed 

 Financial performance and 

future direction of the 

company 

 

CUSTOMERS 

 

 Face-to-face meetings 

 Open House 

 E-mail feedback 

 E-mail blast 

 Cold call 

 Marketing hotline 

Periodic 

 Timely response 

 Quality of service 

EMPLOYEES 

 

 Staff Appraisal 

 Townhall Sessions 

 Monthly Birthday Celebration 

 Staff Bonding Sessions 

 Whistle blowing policy 

Annually 

 

Monthly 

 

At least twice annually 

 Training and development 

 Appropriate linkage 

between staff appraisal 

and remuneration 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

 

 Board meetings 

 Board papers 

 E-mails 

Quarterly or when 

needed 

 Business units' 

performance update 

 

REGULATORS 

 Face-to-face meetings 

 Inspections 

 E-mails / Circulars 

 Survey 

When needed 

 Compliance with rules and 

regulations 

 

 

 

 

 

 


OKH GLOBAL LTD. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

8 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of the GRI relevant aspects. The GRI 

relevant aspects are then prioritised to identify material factors which are subject to 

validation. The end result of this process is a list of material factors disclosed in the 

sustainability report.  

We conducted a materiality assessment during the year incorporating inputs from the 

stakeholder engagements. 

To determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment and society and the influence on the stakeholders. Aspects were identified and 

prioritised through internal workshops, peer reviews and social impact assessments at site 

level.  Applying the guidance from GRI, we have identified the following material aspects: 

 

 



1 IDENTIFICATION 



2 PRIORITISATION 



3 VALIDATION 



4 REVIEW 



Identification of the material factors that are of 

relevance to the Group’s activities 



Prioritization of the material factors and 

identifies key sustainability factors to be 

reported upon 



Validation of the completeness of key 

sustainability factors identified to finalize the 

sustainability report content 



Review focuses on the material factors in 

previous reporting period and also considers 

stakeholder’s 

feedback, 

changing 

business 

landscape and emerging trends 



GOVERNANCE 



 Corporate 

Governance 

 Risk Management 

 Business Ethics 

and Compliance 



ECONOMIC 



 Economic 

Performance 

 Anti-corruption 



ENVIRONMENTAL 



 Environmental 

Compliance 

 



SOCIAL 



 Occupational Health 

and Safety 

 Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity 

 Customer Privacy  

 Marketing and Labelling  

 


















OKH GLOBAL LTD. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

9 

4 ECONOMIC  

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

OKH is committed to grow our customers and exceed our customers’ expectations and 

providing them with competitive edge products by enhancing operational efficiency by 

incorporating effective use of technology, develop performance measures, communicate 

outcomes and results and implement necessary changes to provide fast and high-quality 

services at low transactional costs.  

In FY2019, the Group posted revenue of approximately S$16.44 million as compared to 

S$25.27 million in FY2018. The variance in revenue recorded in FY2019 was mainly due to the 

Group’s property development segment as there were no sale of completed properties held 

for sale as compared to FY2018. 

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our Annual Report 2019: 

• Financial and Operational Review, pages 7 - 8.  

• Financial Review, page 9. 

• Financial Statements, pages 45 - 107.  

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

Here at OKH, we do not tolerate corruption in any form. This has been made clear to all of 

our employees, our suppliers and our business partners. Any report of corruption is escalated 

to the attention of the Audit Committee. We prohibit corruption in all forms, including 

extortion and bribery. There were no reported incidents of corruption during FY2019. It is 

OKH’s goal to maintain zero incidents of corruption. We will regularly review policies on 

whistleblowing and anti-corruption. 

WHISTLE BLOWING POLICY 

The Group has in place a Whistle Blowing Policy to enable persons employed by the Group to 

report any suspicion or possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting, non-

compliance with regulations, policies and fraud, etc., to the members of AC in writing for 

resolution, without any prejudicial implications for these employees. The AC will, depending 

on the nature of the concern, initiate inquiries to determine whether an investigation is 

appropriate and the form that it should take. The Whistle Blowing Policy also serves to ensure 

that any issues or complaints raised will be dealt with swiftly and effectively. The AC has been 

vested with the power and authority to receive, investigate and enforce appropriate action 

whenever any such non-compliance matter is brought to the AC’s attention. To-date, there 

have been no reports received through the whistle blowing mechanism.


OKH GLOBAL LTD. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

10 

5 ENVIRONMENTAL  

FEATURED PROJECTS  

 

 

 

 

Loyang Enterprise Building 

It is a 6-storey B2 ramp up general industrial 

building comprising 101 factory unit which 

include an ancillary staff canteen, each with a 

mezzanine floor. The official address is No. 56 

Loyang Way, Singapore 508775.  Commenced 

sale in April 2014 to current. 56 units have 

already been sold thus far. Currently, there are 

12 vacant units and 34 leased units available for 

sale. 

Green Initiatives 

 Sensor lights for common toilets 

 Managing waste by separating the 

waste and providing recycle bins  

 Using NEA-recommended water 

taps for water savings 



Ace@Buroh 

It is a 9-storey B2 ramp-up general industrial 

building comprising 102 units which include an 

ancillary staff canteen. There is a mezzanine floor 

within each unit except for those units located on 

the 7th &amp; 8th storey. The official address is No. 2 

Buroh Crescent Singapore 627546. Sale was 

commenced in December 2013. So far 88 units 

have been sold and 4 units have been leased out.  

9 units including a canteen are currently available 

for sale. 

Green Initiatives 

 Sensor lights for handicapped 

toilets 

 Using NEA-recommended water 

taps for water savings 





12 Tai Seng Link  

It is a 10-storey B2 (light and clean) industrial 

building with a basement carpark. It is located 

within the Paya Lebar iPark having an official 

address of No 12 Tai Seng Link Singapore 534233.  

The premises is currently 65% occupied. 

Green Initiatives 

 Sensor for escalator for energy savings 

 Sensor lights for common toilets 

 Timer for lightings at basement 

carpark for energy saving 

 Switch off 1 cargo lift for energy 

savings 



The Herencia  

It is a commercial office and school located at 46 

and 58 Kam Yam Road Singapore 239351 and 

239359 respectively.  Currently, all the units are 

fully occupied, including one ancillary staff 

canteen located at the ground floor of the 

development. 

Green Initiatives 

 Timers for lightings at  all corridors for 

energy savings 

 


OKH GLOBAL LTD. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

11 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

OKH has demonstrated its commitment to environmentally-responsible operations by 

reducing its impact on the environment in multiple areas of its businesses through the 

adoption of ISO 14001 certification since 2006. The Group strives to align its policies and 

practices to international and national standards such as ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and ISO BS 

OHSAS 18001.  

Current Certification 

Date issue 

Expire date 

ISO 9001:2015 

Compliance to quality management 

principles including a strong customer focus, 

the motivation and implication of top 

management, the process approach and 

continual improvement. 

26-Apr-18 

8-Apr-21 

ISO 14001:2004 

Compliance to standards relating to 

environmental management that exists to 

help organizations minimize how their 

operations negatively affect the 

environment; comply with applicable laws, 

regulations, and other environmentally 

oriented requirements; and continually 

improve in the above. These are applicable 

to the environmental aspects of the 

activities, products and services that the 

organization determines it can either 

control or influence, considering a life cycle 

perspective.  

25-Apr-18 

9-Apr-21 

SS506 Part 1:2009 

BS OHSAS 

18001:2007 

Compliance to occupational health and 

safety (OH&amp;S) management system, to 

enable organization to provide safe and 

healthy workplaces by preventing work-

related injury and ill health, as well as by 

proactively improving its OH&amp;S 

performance. These serve to improve 

occupational health and safety, eliminate 

hazards and minimize OH&amp;S risks (including 

system deficiencies). 

16-Apr-18 

11-Mar-21 

bizSAFE Level Star 

Obtained SS 506 Part 1 or ISO 45001 

Certification issued by Singapore 

Accreditation Council (SAC) accredited 

Certification Bodies 

22-Apr-18 

8-Apr-21 

 

The Group’s Safety, Health and Environment (SHE) Rules reflects its pledge towards a safe, 

green and sustainable culture. The SHE Rules includes objectives and procedures at various 

phases of our work to drive SHE performance and implementation. 

Similar to FY2018, there were no incidence of non-compliance with laws and regulations 

resulting in significant fines or sanctions in FY2019, and we target to maintain this track 

record.  


OKH GLOBAL LTD. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

12 

6 SOCIAL 

Every employee plays an essential role in our company. We achieve success by promoting a 

collaborative work environment in which everyone is committed to achieve our corporate 

goals based on open and honest communications while showing care and support for each 

other. 

Here at OKH, our employees are the drivers of our business and we believe in creating a 

respectful, rewarding and safe working environment for our people. We support and respect 

the protection of internationally proclaimed human rights. 

We respect human rights, support the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory 

labour, especially child labour, and do not tolerate any discrimination in respect of 

employment and occupation. 

The company provides competitive remuneration based on merit to all our employees. Our 

employees are not covered by collective bargaining agreements, but are given the right to 

exercise freedom of association. Employees are given a minimum of one month’s notice prior 

to any implementation of significant operational changes that could substantially affect them. 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

We are also committed to safeguarding our employees’ health and safety against any 

potential workplace hazards. 

The focus on health and safety is important for OKH. It is not only a fundamental right for our 

workers to be able to work in a safe environment, but when our employees’ wellness is 

attained, our productivity increases, and our best is given to our customers. By implementing 

job safety guidelines, we are committed to provide a hazard-free workplace to ensure the 

wellbeing of both our employees and environment. 

OKH employs a variety of measures to ensure the health and safety of all our staff. Safety 

officer are always on site when there is ongoing project. Supervisors are tasked to report to 

Safety Officer if there is any accident happened together with incident / accident report for 

investigation and records. We have established a Safety, Health and Environment (SHE) Rules 

which includes objectives and procedures at various phases of our work to drive SHE 

performance and implementation. We provide incentive for best safety performance. 

We are ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2004, SS506 Part 1:2009, BS OHSAS 18001:2007 and 

bizSAFE Level Star certified, with the current certification expiring on April 2021.  

We are proud to report that there have been no work place incidents for FY2019. We will aim 

for the same record in FY2020. 


OKH GLOBAL LTD. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

13 

NON-DISCRIMINATION, DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

A diverse workforce is an asset in today's ever-changing global marketplace. We cultivate an 

inclusive culture where employees with wide-ranging backgrounds and qualities are highly 

motivated, engaged and connected. We do not discriminate one’s race, age, gender, religion, 

ethnicity, disability or nationality and we aim to have zero record of discrimination.  

Throughout the year, OKH holds a range of activities to foster team-building such as monthly 

birthday cake-cutting celebrations, Christmas festive office luncheon and Chinese New Year 

Pre-office closure and opening luncheon.  

 

 






OKH GLOBAL LTD. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

14 

We are committed to provide equal opportunities for existing employees and new candidates 

to maintain a diverse and robust workforce. We also aim to provide at least four activities to 

our employees.  

As at 30 June 2019, the Group has a workforce of 32 (FY2018: 34) employees in Singapore. 

We do not have contractual staff.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



&lt;30 years old 



30 - 50 years old 



&gt;50 years old 



6% 



75% 



19% 



2 



24 



6 

47%

22%

19%

6%

3% 3%

Singaporean

Filipino

Bangladeshi

Indian

Malaysian

Chinese



28% 



FEMALE 



9 



MALE 



23 



72% 






OKH GLOBAL LTD. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

15 

CUSTOMER PRIVACY 

Cyber security and data privacy are important not just for compliance, but in safeguarding 

both our data and that of our customers. OKH takes measures to guard against cyber risks for 

both our internal and external stakeholders by complying with the Personal Data Protection 

Act Policy. This policy also applies to our employment process where the privacy of all 

applicants is safeguarded and access to personal data is restricted to authorised persons and 

senior management on a need-to-know basis. OKH's customer database and details are kept 

in the restricted folder which only the Sales and Leasing personnel have access to.  

We will always ensure that there were no breaches of customer privacy and losses of 

customer data.  

 

MARKETING AND LABELLING 

The Sales &amp; Leasing team upkeeps and provides market information on different property 

types within the vicinity of our development through research and analysis from worldwide 

reliable sources. We are also supported by our Solicitors on all legal matters including 

preparation of sales &amp; purchase agreements, leasing documents and tenancy agreements. 

OKH uses reputable real estate agencies to assist with the marketing of its development. We 

work with property agencies and our leasing team on the market segmentation and carry out 

analysis to understand the target market better. All the costs of the marketing expenses are 

borne by the appointed real estate agencies.   

Currently, there is no direct marketing. 

 

 


OKH GLOBAL LTD. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

16 

7 GOVERNANCE 

At OKH, we believe that strong governance is the key to a sustainable business. Throughout 

FY2019, we continued to comply with the Code of Corporate Governance. Please refer to the 

Annual Report pages 14 to 34 on the details of the SGX Code of Corporate Governance. 

It is a continual challenge to successfully manage environmental and social issues. OKH has 

incorporated this into our business model and implemented sustainable and responsible 

practices throughout including certification under ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2004, SS506 Part 

1:2009, BS OHSAS 18001:2007 and bizSAFE Level Star. Our products and services meet all the 

requirements demanded by our customers and the regulatory bodies. We meet all 

environmental and safety standards that are expected of us. 

OKH pays strict attention to enforcing good labour practices in all our operations. The 

company provides many training opportunities for continued employee development and this 

is reflected in the quality and delivery of our products and solutions. We value our 

relationships with our clients and the wider community in which we operate and these 

relationships have helped us through challenging times in the past. OKH strongly believes that 

in the long run, these efforts will have a positive impact on our economic performance. 

Going forward, we will continue to comply with the Code of Corporate Governance and 

meet all requirements that are expected of us by our stakeholders. 

 

RISK MANAGEMENT 

Risk Management is an integral part of good corporate governance as well as resource 

management. A thorough and comprehensive ERM framework enables OKH to identify, 

communicate and manage its risks and exposures in an integrated, systematic and consistent 

manner. For disclosure on risk management policy and process, please refer to our Annual 

Report, pages 28 to 29. 

We will regularly review the ERM policies to ensure all relevant risks are identified, 

communicated and addressed timely. 


OKH GLOBAL LTD. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

17 

BUSINESS ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE 

When it comes to hiring, OKH takes seriously any possibility of conflict of interest. Our code 

of conduct clearly spells out OKH’s expectations from our staff and the consequences if any 

of the rules are violated or standards not met. We also have in place clear and fair grievance 

procedures. 

Business ethics are communicated to all our heads of business units regularly and they must 

fully understand that compliance with rules and regulations is a key part of running a 

responsible business. The company regularly updates key staff with development in 

international and local regulations. OKH fully complies with all environmental rules and 

regulations, anti-competitive behaviour laws and all requirements on health and safety.  

For FY2019, there were no significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance 

with laws and regulations. Our target is to ensure all allegation received are promptly 

addressed and to maintain zero incidents of non-compliance.    


OKH GLOBAL LTD. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

18 

8 GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

OKH Global Limited 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

Sustainability Report (SR) page 3 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Singapore 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Annual Report (AR) pages 90 - 91 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

AR page 108 

102-6 

Markets served 

AR pages 90 - 91 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

AR pages 90 - 91, SR page 13 

102-8 

Information on employees and other 

workers 

SR pages 13 - 14 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Not applicable. 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation 

and its supply chain 

Not applicable.  

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

SR page 4 

102-12 

External initiatives 

None  

102-13 

Membership of associations 

SBF, SCCI, SCBA  

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

SR page 4 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms 

of behaviour 

SR page 3 

102-18 

Governance structure 

AR pages 14 - 34 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR page 7 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR page 7 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR page 7 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR page 7 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

AR page 108 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries 

SR page 5 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR page 8 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 

 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

None 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None 

 

 

102-50 

Reporting period 

1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

15 May 2019 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the 

report 

SR page 5 


OKH GLOBAL LTD. 

Sustainability Report 2019 

19 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance with 

the GRI Standards 

SR page 5 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR pages 18 – 19  

102-56 

External Assurance 

OKH may consider seeking external assurance in 

the future. 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

SR page 9 

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures 

SR page 9 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations 

SR pages 10 - 11 

GRI 403: 

Occupational health 

and safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost 

SR page 12 

GRI 405: Diversity 

and equal 

opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees 

SR page 13 - 14 

GRI 417: Marketing 

and Labeling 

417-1 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

marketing communications 

SR page 15 

GRI 418: Customer 

Privacy 

418-1 

Substantiated complaints concerning 

breaches of customer privacy and losses 

of customer data 

SR page 15 

 

