
1 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

 

 

 

OLD CHANG KEE LTD. 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




2 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 

01 BOARD STATEMENT 

3 

02 CORPORATE PROFILE 

5 

03 OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

7 

04 ECONOMIC 

10 

05 ENVIRONMENTAL 

11 

06 SOCIAL 

13 

07 GOVERNANCE 

19 

08 GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

20 


3 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

We are pleased to present Old Chang Kee Ltd.’s (“Old Chang Kee”) inaugural annual Sustainability 

Report (“SR”) for our financial year ended 31 March 2018 (“FY2018”). 

 

The key material economic, environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) factors for Old Chang Kee 

have been identified and reviewed by the Chairman and the CEO. The board of directors of Old Chang 

Kee (“Board”) oversees the management and monitoring of these factors and takes them into 

consideration in the determination of the company’s strategic direction and policies. Sustainability is a 

part of Old Chang Kee’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all our stakeholders. 

 

With the availability of economic, environment, social and governance data, sustainability reporting has 

gained greater significance to investors. Far from being just an image building exercise, today it is widely 

accepted that good EESG practices contribute to the overall long-term success of the company and 

play an important part in the competition for talent and investment. 

 

Businesses must be quick to adapt to key stakeholders’ concerns, closing any potential gaps and 

capitalising on opportunities amid today’s rapidly-changing business environment.  

 

In defining our reporting content, we applied the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)’s principles by 

considering the Group’s activities, impact and substantive expectations and interests of its 

stakeholders. We observed a total of four principles, namely materiality, stakeholder inclusiveness, 

sustainability index and completeness. For reporting quality, we observed the principles of balance, 

comparability, accuracy, timeliness, clarity and reliability.  

 

The EESG data and information provided have been derived from internal data monitoring and 

verification to ensure accuracy.  

 

29 March 2019   

 

REPORTING PERIOD AND SCOPE 

This report is set out on a “comply or explain” basis in accordance with Catalist Rule 711B and Practice 

Note 7F of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Ltd. (SGX-ST) Listing Manual Section B: Rules 

of Catalist. Corresponding to GRI’s emphasis on materiality, the report highlights the key economic, 

environmental, social and governance related initiatives carried out throughout the 12-month period, 

from 1 April 2017 to 31 March 2018.  

 

Targets: Given that this is our inaugural report, we do not have sufficient performance data to form a 

trend for the purpose of setting targets. Accordingly, the process of target setting is deferred until a time 

when adequate data is available to set reasonable targets. 

 

REPORTING FRAMEWORK 

Old Chang Kee has chosen the GRI framework as it is the most established international sustainability 

reporting standard and in respect of the extent to which such framework is applied, this report has been 

prepared in reference to the GRI Standards reporting guidelines, at Core level.  

 

 

 


4 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

FEEDBACK 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables 

us to improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and suggestions to 

contact@oldchangkee.com.  

 

ACCESS 

No hard copies of this Sustainability Report have been printed as part of our efforts to promote 

environmental 

conservation. 

You 

may 

visit 

SGX 

website 

or 

our 

company 

website 

http://oldchangkee.listedcompany.com for our Sustainability Report. 

 

 

 


5 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

CORPORATE PROFILE 

 

 

The history of Old Chang Kee goes as far back as 1956 when it started with just a small stall in a coffee 

shop outside the former Rex cinema along McKenzie Road. People just loved the delicious pastry 

stuffed full of curried potatoes, chicken, a slice of egg, fried with several herbs and spices. Each curry 

puff was carefully handmade and properly sealed to lock in the unmistakable aroma that won the hearts 

of many Singaporeans. 

 

In 1986, Han Keen Juan made a pivotal decision that was to change his life as well as the food scene 

in Singapore. He traded a comfortable job with an established MNC for the hot and greasy kitchen of 

Old Chang Kee. With whatever savings he had, he bought over the control of the company. Facing an 

uncertain future ahead of him, he had only one goal in mind - to transform Old Chang Kee into a 

successful business entity. 

 

Strategic Move 

 

Han quickly set about modernising and re-engineering the business. He implemented new systems and 

took critical steps to ensure quality standards. He launched aggressive programme to grow Old Chang 

Kee to become Singapore's leading brand of curry puffs and other hot savories. His hard work paid off 

as in 1992, he was awarded Entrepreneur of the Year and was hailed by Newsweek and the now 

defunct Asia Magazine as the man to watch. 

 

In his true entrepreneurial spirit, he took another big gamble by investing in a 20,000 square feet modern 

factory in Woodlands. Back then he was producing his curry puffs from a small corner of the coffee 

shop and later moved to a slightly bigger premise in a flatted factory in UBI. But he knew that in order 

to bring the company into the big league, he had to keep upgrading and hence his move to Woodlands. 

With the move to bigger, modern premises came bigger challenges for him. He had to change the 

mindset of his people. He had to convince them that the modern machineries and modern processes 

were not designed to replace them but rather to standardise the work flow and to ensure stringent 

quality control. 

 

Old Chang Kee markets its curry puffs through various concepts - from kiosks along the road, to 

supermarket outlets and to modern shopping malls. With one of the best curry puffs around and 

achieving high marks in accessibility, variety and wholesome goodness, Old Chang Kee has also 

diversified and extended its product range to include other snacks, desserts and complementary 

products such as spring rolls, sotong balls, fish balls, crab claws, sesame balls and sotong fritters etc, 

all produced with the same high quality standards that go into making its classic curry puff. 






6 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

Our New Leader 

 

After bringing Old Chang Kee to its height, Han soon realised that it was time to groom a new leader. 

He needed a strong visionary leader to bring the company to the next level and so in 1995, he brought 

in William Lim Tao-E, a young graduate of an Australian university. He brought with him fresh ideas and 

applying innovative marketing strategies to keep in sync with shifting consumer trends. 

 

As Managing Director then, William Lim together with Chairman, Han Keen Juan embarked on the next 

stage of the journey, which is to establish Old Chang Kee as a major recognisable brand in modern 

Singapore while preserving its valuable heritage. 

 

We Are Halal 

 

In 2004, Old Chang Kee set on to fulfill one of its brand values which is to develop products that would 

appeal to the multi-cultural and multi-religious segment of society. We draw our inspiration of the various 

spicy finger foods from different ethnic cultures. In January 2005, we achieved "Halal" certification to 

reach out to the Muslim community. 

 

The 'Old Chang Kee' Brand 

 

Today, we are delighted that Old Chang Kee brand has become a household name. Our painstaking 

effort to achieve top of mind awareness among Singaporeans has paid off handsomely. In 2004 and 

2005, Old Chang Kee was awarded the Singapore Promising Brand Award and also the Singapore 

Heritage Brand Award. 

 

Our Stars 

 

Each brand name embodies the unique promise, aspiration and personality of the product. In order to 

differentiate the product from others in today's competitive market, Old Chang Kee has developed 

memorable and distinctive brand names for all our products. 

 

Brand Mission 

 

Our mission is to deliver superior quality hot finger food and ready meals at a value-for-money price 

positioning; in a clean, and customer friendly retail environment. 

 

The Old Chang Kee brand aims to fulfill the following promise 

 

 

To deliver consistently a wide variety of high quality hot finger food and ready meals through 

standardised food preparation processes. 

 

To refine, and modernise traditional food recipes for the modern, multi-cultural customers. 

 

To provide an alternative to fast food for the busy and mobile city dwellers. 

 

 


7 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORTING PROCESS 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY STEERING COMMITTEE 

The Group has in place a Sustainability Steering Committee which is led by the Deputy Chief Executive 

Officer (“CEO”) and supported by the department heads from various functional divisions in the Group.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Plan and 

Scope

Engage 

Stakeholders

Assess 

Materiality

Collect 

Data

Report







The Board of Directors and CEO formulate the 

corporate sustainability strategies and guidelines and 

monitor overall performance. 

The Sustainability Steering Committee comprise the 

Deputy CEO and the department heads from various 

functional divisions in the Group. The Committee helps 

to organise and coordinate the sustainability initiatives. 

Old Chang Kee’s employees support the Group’s 

sustainability programmes and policies, and assist with 

the implementation and execution of the sustainability 

initiatives and the collection of data for monitoring 

performance. 


8 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT  

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and material 

aspects relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken 

into account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, but are not limited 

to, customers, suppliers, shareholders, employees, and regulators. We adopt both formal and informal 

channels of communication to understand the needs of key stakeholders, and incorporate these into 

our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships. 

 

Key Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Frequency of Engagement 

Customers and 

Business Partners 

 Frontline interaction at stores 

 Timely response to feedback received 

across all channels 

Daily 

 Advertising and media relations through 

mainstream and digital avenues (i.e. social 

media campaigns) 

 Train business partners like franchisees to 

be 

familiar with 

Standard 

Operating 

Procedures (“SOPs”) 

Periodic 

 In-house customer service training for all 

staff 

(including 

sub-contractors 

and 

cleaners) 

As required 

Employees 

 Induction and orientation programmes 

 Comprehensive trainings 

 Annual Dinner &amp; Dance (“D&amp;D”) 

 Team bonding sessions 

As required 

 Service evaluation, appraisal and staff 

recognition 

Yearly 

Suppliers 

 Supplier audit 

As required 

 Introduction of new suppliers 

 Calls and email correspondence prior to 

selection of suppliers 

 Meetings with approved suppliers to review 

feedback and performance 

As required 

Investors 

 Annual General Meeting (AGM) 

Yearly 

 Corporate announcements 

Quarterly and as required 

Government 

Institutions 

 Spot checks by the internal compliance 

team across all outlets and Central Kitchen 

 Implementation of self-inspection through 

SOP at store fronts 

Daily 

 Mandatory training to raise awareness of 

requirements and to ensure compliance 

Periodic 

Communities 

 Employee volunteerism 

Periodic 

 Sponsorships 

 Corporate donations 

Periodic 





 

 


9 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT  

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant aspects. Relevant aspects are then 

prioritised to identify material factors which are subject to validation. The end result of this process is 

a list of material factors disclosed in the Sustainability Report. 

 

 

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment during the year with the help of an external 

consultant. We engaged our employees from different departments, seeking our internal stakeholders’ 

feedback for prioritisation of these topics. Going forward, materiality review will be conducted every 

year, incorporating inputs gathered from stakeholders’ engagements. 

 

In order to determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment and society and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying the guidance from GRI, we 

have identified the following as our material aspects:  

 

 

 

IDENTIFICATION

PRIORITISATION

VALIDATION

REVIEW



GOVERNANCE 

 

Corporate 

Governance 

 

Enterprise Risk 

Management 

 

Business Ethics 



SOCIAL 

 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

 

Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity 

 

Customer Health and 

Safety  

 

Local Communities 

 

 



ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

Materials 

 

Energy 

 

Effluents and Waste 

 

Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment 

 

Environmental 

Compliance 



ECONOMIC 

 

Economic 

Performance 

 

Anti-Corruption 

 

 










10 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

ECONOMIC 

 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

Old Chang Kee is committed to grow our customers and exceed our customers’ expectations and 

providing them with competitive edge products by enhancing operational efficiency by incorporating 

effective use of technology, develop performance measures, communicate outcomes and results and 

implement necessary changes to provide fast and high quality services at low transactional costs.  

 

The Group’s revenue increased from approximately S$78.3 million for the financial year from 1 April 

2016 to 31 March 2017 (“FY2017”) to approximately S$85.5 million for the financial year from 1 April 

2017 to 31 March 2018 (“FY2018”), an increase of approximately S$7.1 million or 9.1%. 

 

As at 31 March 2018, the Group operated a total of 90 outlets in Singapore as compared to 89 outlets 

as at 31 March 2017. 

 

Cost of sales increased by 15.8% in line with the higher revenue generated by the Group. Consequently, 

the Group’s gross profit increased by approximately S$2.6 million or 5.3%. The Group’s gross profit 

margin decreased from approximately 63.3% in FY2017 to 61.1% in FY2018, mainly due to higher food 

cost during FY2018. 

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our Annual Report (“AR”) 2018: 

• Chairman’s Message &amp; Operations Review, pages 2 to 7 

.  

• Financial Highlights, pages 16 to 17 

• Financial Statements, pages 65 to 149. 

 

ANTI CORRUPTION 

Old Chang Kee does not tolerate corruption in any form. The Company has in place a whistle-blowing 

policy which has been communicated to all employees. The Company’s staff and external parties such 

as the Company’s business associates may, in confidence, raise any concerns about possible 

improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters to the Management and/or the Audit 

Committee by submitting a whistle blowing report, the procedures for which are set out on the 

Company’s website. Where applicable, independent investigations may be carried out. 

 

This is also communicated to everyone in our website at http://oldchangkee.listedcompany.com/whistle-

blowing-policy.html.  So far, we have no material whistle blowing reports and no incidents of corruption.


11 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL  

 

 

MATERIALS 

 

Palm Oil 

Meeting our consumers’ needs, having creative and innovative products, improving the quality of our 

products and being socially responsible are our key business goals. 

 

Many years back, we took the initiative to use Healthier Oil which is endorsed by Health Promotion 

Board (“HPB”) with Healthier Choice Symbol (”HCS”). Then, we conducted extensive trials to ensure 

that using healthier oil does not compromise on our food quality and taste. 

 

Similarly, for the sustainable oil option, we qualify our cooking oil suppliers to ensure that their cooking 

oil can meet both (i) the Healthier Oil endorsement by HPB and (ii) the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm 

Oil (“RSPO”) certification on sustainable cooking oil. 

 

Despite the many challenges and limitations, our promise to consumers is that we will continue to 

source for healthier and socially responsible cooking oil, without compromising on the food quality and 

taste. 

 

Sustainable palm oil production is comprised of legal, economically viable, environmentally appropriate 

and socially beneficial management and operations. At the heart of RSPO certification are the RSPO 

Principles and Criteria for Sustainable Palm Oil Production (including Indicators and Guidance, revised 

November 2013), the global guidelines for producing palm oil sustainably. 

 

Prior to July 2018, we were using Palm Oil from suppliers with 

sustainability certifications, just that our particular house brand from the 

supplier was not certified yet. We commenced preparation works for 

RSPO Supply Chain Certification in July 2018, and were successfully 

audited on 12 &amp; 13 December 2018. The palm oil used in frying our 

products are officially RSPO certified by Bureau Veritas with effect from  

12 March 2019.  

 

In FY2018, our total cooking oil consumption is approximately 968,581 kg or $1,872,000.  

 

Packaging Materials 

We use reusable packaging materials including our paper bags, and our biodegradable carrier bags. 

The percentage of our suppliers using Environmental Packaging in FY2018 is 22% of our total 

packaging suppliers. The total cost of packaging materials amounted to $1,495,000 for the whole year.  

 

ENERGY 

Old Chang Kee is fully aware of its responsibility for nurturing the environment and lessening negative 

environmental consequences at our worksites and the environment where we operate. We monitor our 

electricity consumption at our work places to ensure that we use our resources economically, 

meaningfully and responsibly.  

 

In FY2018, our electricity consumption recorded 8,095,032 kwh.  

 




12 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE 

 

Oil Waste Management 

We are environmentally friendly and dispose of our used cooking oil via used oil collectors accredited 

by The National Environment Agency (“NEA”), so that the used oil can be treated before being 

responsibly recycled. The volume of oil waste managed through NEA-accredited oil collectors 

amounted to approximately 294,990 litres in FY2018.  

 

SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT 

We require our packaging suppliers to use biodegradable carrier bags. The 2 main suppliers are 

Premier Packaging Pte Ltd and Techpak (Asia) Pte Ltd. The percentage of our suppliers using 

environmental packaging in FY2018 is 22% of our total packaging suppliers. 

 

We also require our main cooking oil suppliers to have sustainability certifications. The 2 main suppliers 

are Fuji Oil (Singapore) Pte Ltd and Ngo Chew Hong Edible Oil Pte Ltd. 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

In FY2018, there were no incidence of non-compliance with laws and regulations resulting in significant 

fines or sanctions, and we target to maintain this track record.


13 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

79%

21%

GENDER

Female

Male

21%

36%

43%

AGE

below 30

30 to 50

above 50

49%

30%

11%

10%

NATIONALITY

Singaporean

Malaysian

Chinese

Others

SOCIAL 

 

Every employee plays an essential role in our company. We achieve success by promoting a 

collaborative work environment in which everyone is committed to achieve our corporate goals based 

on open and honest communications while showing care and support for each other. 

 

Our employees are the drivers of our business and we believe in creating a respectful, rewarding and 

safe working environment for our people. We support and respect the protection of internationally 

proclaimed human rights. 

 

We respect human rights, support the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour, 

especially child labour, and do not tolerate any discrimination in respect of employment and occupation. 

 

The company provides competitive remuneration based on merit to all our employees. Our employees 

are not covered by collective bargaining agreements, but are given the right to exercise freedom of 

association.  

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

A diverse workforce is an asset in today's ever-changing global marketplace. We cultivate an inclusive 

culture where employees with wide-ranging backgrounds and qualities are highly motivated, engaged 

and connected. We do not discriminate one’s race, age, gender, religion, ethnicity, disability or 

nationality and we aim to have zero record of discrimination.  

 

As at 31 March 2018, we had a workforce of 743 employees. We do not have contractual staff. Our 

headcounts were distributed as follows: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


14 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

Throughout the year, Old Chang Kee holds a range of activities to foster team-building within our 

employees such as Annual Dinner &amp; Dance with speech by CEO, Labour Day and Christmas Day 

lunches, and games sessions such as Staff Bowling Competition. 

 

Date: 28 April 2017 

Event: Labour Day Appreciation Lunch 

 

  

Date: 8 August 2017 

Event: National Day 2017 Celebration Lunch 

 

 














15 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

Date: 21 November 2017 

Event: Ah Boys To Men Movie Screening (Movie sponsorship by Old Chang Kee) 

 

Date: 28 Feb 2018 

Event: Chinese New Year Dinner &amp; Dance 2018 (Annual D&amp;D) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 










16 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

We are also committed to safeguarding our employees’ health and safety against any potential 

workplace hazards. The focus on health and safety is important to the Group. It is not only a fundamental 

right for our workers to be able to work in a safe environment, but when our employees’ wellness is 

attained, our productivity increases, and our best is given to our customers. By implementing job safety 

guidelines, we are committed to provide a hazard-free workplace to ensure the wellbeing of both our 

employees and environment. 

 

We adopt best practices recommended by food safety consultants, such as "Hazard analysis and critical 

control points", or HACCP for our factory premises. Currently, we have completed our HACCP audit, 

and are waiting for the HACCP certificate.  

 

Risk assessment is also conducted at all outlets and factory at least on a quarterly basis by our Internal 

Compliance Manager, including: 

1. Hazard Identification (Work Activity, Hazard, Possible Accident / Health &amp; Persons-at-Risk/ 

Consequences) 

2. Risk Evaluation (Existing Risk Control, Severity, Likelihood, Risk Level) 

3. Risk Control (Additional Risk Control, Action Officer / Designation / Follow-up Date) 

 

In FY2018, we have a total of 4 minor cases of injuries reported. The expenses incurred were covered 

by the Group through staff insurances: 

 

Sprained waist (6 days lost day rate) 

 

Fall (25 days lost day rate) 

 

Burn (12 days lost day rate)  

 

CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY 

We ensure clean and quality products are served to our customers. We have external contractors who 

regularly clean the outlets and perform equipment servicing, as well as contractors for pest control. 

 

Our factory staff would conduct daily checks on cleanliness and safety, using the self inspection 

checklist. The daily checklist would be filed, and periodically checked by the supervisors for compliance. 

 

We engaged a consultant to assist in our Halal accreditation process which involves disposing off all 

halal non-compliance items from our premises, carrying out 'sertu' or ritual cleansing of the production 

line, central kitchens and outlet, as well as undergoing halal training courses. All of the above points 

illustrated Old Chang Kee's commitment towards the Halal process. 

 

 

 

 

 




17 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

LOCAL COMMUNITIES 

Old Chang Kee embraces the philosophy of giving back to the community by encouraging proactive 

involvement in the Group’s various corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiatives and environmental 

conservation programs. 

 

Date: May 2017 

Event: Food Sponsorship for Army Open House 2017 (VIP Guests &amp; Committee Members) 

 

Date: July and August 2017 

Event: Food Sponsorship for National Day Parade 2017 Participants 

 

 
















18 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

Date: 30 September 2017 

Event: Food Sponsorship for Canberra CC Gemilang Nusantara Event 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Date: 30 September 2017 

Event: Food Sponsorship for Canberra CC Mid Autumn Festival Event 2017 

 

 














19 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

GOVERNANCE 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The Board and the Management of Old Chang Kee are committed to the best practices in corporate 

governance to ensure sustainability of the Group’s operations. We believe that our constant drive for 

corporate excellence will allow us to establish a more transparent, accountable and equitable system, 

thereby increasing the value of the Company and its value to our shareholders. Please refer to the 

Annual Report 2018 pages 23 to 64 for details of the Group’s Corporate Governance Report. 

 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT  

The Directors recognise that they have overall responsibility to ensure proper financial reporting for the 

Group and effectiveness of the Group’s system of internal controls, including financial, operational, 

compliance and IT controls, and risk management policies and systems. The Audit Committee assists 

the Board in providing oversight of risk management in the Company.  

 

The Company has in place an Enterprise Risk Management Framework. The implementation and 

maintenance of the Company’s risk management framework is undertaken by the senior management 

team, which reports to the Audit Committee on strategic business risks as well as providing updates on 

the risk management activities of the Company’s businesses and the Enterprise Risk Management 

implementation progress in the Company. Significant strategic risks identified are assessed, managed 

and monitored adequately within the Company’s risk management framework. These strategic risks are 

also reviewed and refreshed to ensure relevant emerging risks are being considered and included for 

proper assessment, monitoring and reporting as appropriate. 

 

The Group continually reviews and improves its business and operational activities to identify areas of 

significant business risk as well as taking appropriate measures to control and mitigate these risks. 

These include the implementation of safety, security and internal control measures and taking up 

appropriate insurance coverage. The Group’s financial risk management programme seeks to minimise 

potential adverse effects of the unpredictability of financial markets on the Group’s financial 

performance. 

 

BUSINESS ETHICS 

All of our staff are reminded of the importance of upholding the highest standards when it comes to 

business ethics. The Group regularly updates relevant staff with development in international and local 

regulations. In FY2018, there were no significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance 

with laws and regulations. There have also been no reported incidents of corruption during the reporting 

period. 


20 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

SR page 5 to 6 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Singapore 

102-4 

Location of operations 

AR page 14 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

AR page 14 

102-6 

Markets served 

AR page 14 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

AR page 14, SR page 13 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

SR page 13 

102-9 

Supply chain 

SR page 11 to 12 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain 

Not applicable 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Old Chang Kee does not specifically address 

the precautionary approach. 

102-12 

External initiatives 

SR page 17 to 18 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Singapore Food Manufacturers' Association 

Singapore Business Federation 

Franchising and Licensing Association 

(Singapore) 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

SR page 3 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of behaviour 

SR page 3, 19 

102-18 

Governance structure 

SR page 19, AR page 23 to 64 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR page 8 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR page 8 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR page 8 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

To be reported in FY2019 report.  

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

AR page 14 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

SR page 3 to 4 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR page 9 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

Not applicable 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable 

102-50 

Reporting period 

1 April 2017 to 31 March 2018 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

Not applicable 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the report 

SR page 4 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

SR page 3 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR page 20 to 21 

102-56 

External Assurance 

We may seek external assurance in the 

future. 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: 

Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

SR page 10 

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

SR page 10 

GRI 301: 

Materials 

301-1 

Materials used by weight or volume 

SR page 11 

GRI 302: Energy 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organization 

SR page 11 

GRI 306: 

Effluents and 

Waste 

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal method 

SR page 12 


21 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

 GRI 307: 

Environmental 

compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

SR page 12 

GRI 308: Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment 

308-1 

New suppliers that were screened using environmental 

criteria 

SR page 12 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

health and safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost 

SR page 16 

GRI 405: 

Diversity and 

equal 

opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

SR page 13 to 15 

GRI 413: Local 

Communities 

413-1 

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programs 

SR page 17 to 18  

GRI 416: 

Customer Health 

and Safety 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health 

and safety impacts of products and services 

SR page 16 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

