
1 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 

 

 

OLD CHANG KEE LTD. 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




2 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 

 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 

01 BOARD STATEMENT 

3 

02 CORPORATE PROFILE 

5 

03 OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

7 

04 ECONOMIC 

11 

05 ENVIRONMENTAL 

13 

06 SOCIAL 

16 

07 GOVERNANCE 

26 

08 GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

27 


3 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

We are pleased to present Old Chang Kee Ltd.’s (“Old Chang Kee”) annual Sustainability Report for 

our financial year ended 31 March 2020 (“FY2020”). 

 

The key material economic, environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) factors for Old Chang Kee 

have been identified and reviewed by the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”). The board 

of directors of Old Chang Kee (“Board”) oversees the management and monitoring of these factors and 

takes them into consideration in the determination of the company’s strategic direction and policies. 

Sustainability is a part of Old Chang Kee’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all our 

stakeholders. 

 

With the availability of economic, environment, social and governance data, sustainability reporting has 

gained greater significance to investors. Far from being just an image building exercise, today, it is 

widely accepted that good EESG practices contribute to the overall long-term success of the company 

and play an important part in the competition for talent and investment. 

 

Businesses must be quick to adapt to key stakeholders’ concerns, closing any potential gaps and 

capitalising on opportunities amid today’s rapidly-changing business environment.  

 

In defining our reporting content, we applied the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”)’s principles by 

considering the Group’s activities, impact and substantive expectations and interests of its 

stakeholders. We observed a total of four principles, namely, materiality, stakeholder inclusiveness, 

sustainability index and completeness. For reporting quality, we observed the principles of balance, 

comparability, accuracy, timeliness, clarity and reliability.  

 

The EESG data and information provided have been derived from internal data monitoring and 

verification to ensure accuracy.  

 

REPORTING PERIOD AND SCOPE 

This Sustainability Report is set out on a “comply or explain” basis in accordance with Catalist Rule 

711B and Practice Note 7F of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Ltd. (“SGX-ST”) Listing 

Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist. Corresponding to GRI’s emphasis on materiality, the report 

highlights the key economic, environmental, social and governance related initiatives carried out by the 

Company and its significant subsidiaries throughout the 12-month period, from 1 April 2019 to 31 March 

2020.  

 

REPORTING FRAMEWORK 

Old Chang Kee has chosen the GRI framework as it is the most established international sustainability 

reporting standard and in respect of the extent to which such framework is applied, this Sustainability 

Report has been prepared with reference to the GRI Standards reporting guidelines, at Core level.  

 

FEEDBACK 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regard to our sustainability efforts as this enables us 

to improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and suggestions to 

contact@oldchangkee.com.  

 


4 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

ACCESS 

No hard copies of this Sustainability Report have been printed as part of our efforts to promote 

environmental 

conservation. 

You 

may 

visit 

SGX 

website 

or 

our 

company 

website 

http://oldchangkee.listedcompany.com for our Sustainability Report. 

 

 

28 October 2020   

 

 


5 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

CORPORATE PROFILE 

 

 

The history of Old Chang Kee goes as far back as 1956 when it started with just a small stall in a coffee 

shop outside the former Rex cinema along McKenzie Road. People just loved the delicious pastry 

stuffed full of curried potatoes, chicken, a slice of egg, fried with several herbs and spices. Each curry 

puff was carefully handmade and properly sealed to lock in the unmistakable aroma that won the hearts 

of many Singaporeans. 

 

In 1986, Han Keen Juan made a pivotal decision that was to change his life as well as the food scene 

in Singapore. He traded a comfortable job with an established MNC for the hot and greasy kitchen of 

Old Chang Kee. With whatever savings he had, he bought over the control of the company. Facing an 

uncertain future ahead of him, he had only one goal in mind - to transform Old Chang Kee into a 

successful business entity. 

 

Strategic Move 

 

Han quickly set about modernizing and re-engineering the business. He implemented new systems and 

took critical steps to ensure quality standards. He launched an aggressive programme to grow Old 

Chang Kee to become Singapore's leading brand of curry puffs and other hot savories. His hard work 

paid off, for in 1992, he was awarded Entrepreneur of the Year and was hailed by Newsweek and the 

now defunct Asia Magazine as the man to watch. 

 

In his true entrepreneurial spirit, he took another big gamble by investing in a 20,000 square feet modern 

factory in Woodlands. Back then he was producing his curry puffs from a small corner of the coffee 

shop and later moved to a slightly bigger premise in a flatted factory in Ubi. But he knew that in order 

to bring the company into the big league, he had to keep upgrading and hence his move to Woodlands. 

With the move to bigger, modern premises came bigger challenges for him. He had to change the 

mindset of his people. He had to convince them that the modern machineries and modern processes 

were not designed to replace them but rather to standardize the work flow and to ensure stringent 

quality control. 

 

Old Chang Kee markets its curry puffs through various concepts - from kiosks along the road, to 

supermarket outlets and to modern shopping malls. With one of the best curry puffs around and 

achieving high marks in accessibility, variety and wholesome goodness, Old Chang Kee has also 

diversified and extended its product range to include other snacks, desserts and complementary 

products such as spring rolls, sotong balls, fish balls, crab claws, sesame balls and sotong fritters etc, 

all produced with the same high quality standards that go into making its classic curry puff. 






6 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

Our New Leader 

 

After bringing Old Chang Kee to its height, Han soon realized that it was time to groom a new leader. 

He needed a strong visionary leader to bring the company to the next level and so in 1995, he brought 

in William Lim Tao-E, a young graduate of an Australian university. He brought with him fresh ideas and 

applied innovative marketing strategies to keep in sync with shifting consumer trends. 

 

As Managing Director then, William Lim, together with Chairman, Han Keen Juan, embarked on the 

next stage of the journey, which was to establish Old Chang Kee as a major recognisable brand in 

modern Singapore while preserving its valuable heritage. 

 

We Are Halal 

 

In 2004, Old Chang Kee set on to fulfill one of its brand values which was to develop products that 

would appeal to the multi-cultural and multi-religious segment of society. We drew our inspiration from 

the various spicy finger foods from different ethnic cultures. In January 2005, we achieved "Halal" 

certification to reach out to the Muslim community. 

 

The 'Old Chang Kee' Brand 

 

Today, we are delighted that Old Chang Kee brand has become a household name. Our painstaking 

efforts to achieve top of mind awareness among Singaporeans has paid off handsomely. In 2004 and 

2005, Old Chang Kee was awarded the Singapore Promising Brand Award and also the Singapore 

Heritage Brand Award. 

 

Our Brands 

 

Each brand name embodies the unique promise, aspiration and personality of the product. In order to 

differentiate the product from others in today's competitive market, Old Chang Kee has developed 

memorable and distinctive brand names for all our products, including Old Chang Kee, Curry Times, 

Bun Times, Mushroom Cafe, O’My Kampong, O’ My Darling and Dip ‘N’ Go.   

 

Brand Mission 

 

Our mission is to deliver superior quality hot finger food and ready meals at a value-for money price 

positioning; in a clean and customer-friendly retail environment. 

 

The Old Chang Kee brand aims to fulfill the following promises 

 

 

To deliver consistently a wide variety of high quality hot finger food and ready meals through 

standardised food preparation processes. 

 

To refine and modernise traditional food recipes for the modern, multi-cultural customers. 

 

To provide an alternative to fast food for the busy and mobile city dwellers. 

 

 


7 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORTING PROCESS 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE 

The Group has in place a Sustainability Steering Committee which is led by the Deputy CEO and 

supported by the department heads from various functional divisions in the Group.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 







The Board of Directors and CEO formulate the 

corporate sustainability strategies and guidelines and 

monitor overall performance. 

The Sustainability Steering Committee (“Committee”) 

comprises the Deputy CEO and the department heads 

from various functional divisions in the Group. The 

Committee helps to organise and coordinate the 

sustainability initiatives. 

Old Chang Kee’s employees support the Group’s 

sustainability programmes and policies, and assist with 

the implementation and execution of the sustainability 

initiatives and the collection of data for monitoring 

performance. 

Plan and 

Scope

Engage 

Stakeholders

Assess 

Materiality

Collect 

Data

Report


8 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT  

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and material 

aspects relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken 

into account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, but are not limited 

to, customers, suppliers, shareholders, employees, and regulators. We adopt both formal and informal 

channels of communication to understand the needs of key stakeholders, and incorporate these into 

our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships.  

 

The impact of Coronavirus Disease 2019 (“Covid-19”) on businesses in general has been 

unprecedented. In these highly unusual times, we have also considered and taken into account the 

impact of Covid-19 on key stakeholder groups such as our employees, customers, suppliers and the 

community.    

 

Key Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Key Concerns Raised 

Customers and 

Business Partners 

 Frontline interaction at stores, including 

necessary social distancing measures 

and 

food 

hygiene 

safeguards 

in 

response to Covid-19 

 Timely response to feedback received 

across all channels 

Daily 

 Quality of customer service 

 Consistency of food quality 

 Depth of customer service training 

 Social distancing measures and 

rigorous food safety systems in 

place 

 Advertising and media relations through 

mainstream and digital avenues (i.e. 

social media campaigns) 

 Train business partners like franchisees 

to be familiar with Standard Operating 

Procedures (“SOPs”) 

Periodic 

 In-house customer service training for all 

staff (including sub-contractors and 

cleaners) 

As required 

Employees 

 Induction and orientation programmes 

 Comprehensive trainings 

 Annual Dinner &amp; Dance (“D&amp;D”) 

 Team bonding sessions 

 Regular briefings and correspondences 

by the Company’s designated Safe 

Management Officer on the latest safe 

management measures and hygiene 

safeguards in response to Covid-19 

As required 

 Depth of employee engagement 

with top management 

 Appropriate linkage between staff 

performance and rewards 

 Ensure the availability of face masks 

and hand sanitisers to staff, and 

facilitating telecommuting for office 

staff where appropriate 

 Service evaluation, appraisal and staff 

recognition 

Yearly 

Suppliers 

 Supplier audit 

As required 

 Maintenance of food standards 

 Consistency 

and 

quality 

of 

suppliers’ products 

 Review the resilience of key supplier 

networks, 

including 

alternative 

suppliers both in Singapore and 

overseas, to cope with Covid-19 

lockdowns.  

 Introduction of new suppliers 

 Calls and email correspondence prior to 

selection of suppliers 

 Review the reliability of supply chain to 

cope with Covid-19 lockdowns 

 Meetings with approved suppliers to 

review feedback and performance 

As required 

Investors 

 Annual General Meeting (AGM) 

Yearly 

 Financial performance and future 

direction for the Company 

 Operational 

efficiency 

and 

corporate strategy 

 Corporate announcements 

 Investor 

relations 

website 

at 

http://oldchangkee.listedcompany.com  

Quarterly and 

as required 

Government 

Institutions 

 Spot checks by the internal compliance 

team across all outlets and Central 

Kitchen 

Daily 

 Maintenance of quality and hygiene 

standards 


9 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 Implementation 

of 

self-evaluation 

through checklists at store fronts 

 Spot checks by social distancing officers 

to adhere to the latest social distancing 

guidelines, in response to Covid-19 

 Robustness 

of 

maintenance 

regimes 

 Ensure staff are aware of the latest 

social distancing guidelines,  

 Mandatory training to raise awareness of 

requirements and to ensure compliance 

Periodic 

Communities 

 Employee volunteerism 

Periodic 

Extent of employees’ outreach and 

involvement 

 

 Sponsorships 

 Corporate donations 

 Promotions to support national causes 

such as food give-aways to the medical 

community in response to Covid-19 

Periodic 

 


10 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT  

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant aspects. Relevant aspects are then 

prioritised to identify material factors which are subject to validation. The end result of this process is 

a list of material factors disclosed in the Sustainability Report. 

 

 

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment during the year. We engaged our employees from 

different departments, seeking our internal stakeholders’ feedback for prioritisation of these topics. 

Going forward, materiality reviews will be conducted every year, incorporating inputs gathered from 

stakeholders’ engagements. 

 

In order to determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment and society and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying the guidance from GRI, we 

have identified the following as our material aspects. The Company has reviewed and concluded that 

the ESG factors for FY2020 are similar to the factors reported on last year.  

 

 

 

IDENTIFICATION

PRIORITISATION

VALIDATION

REVIEW



GOVERNANCE 

 

Corporate 

Governance 

 

Enterprise Risk 

Management 

 

Business Ethics 



SOCIAL 

 

Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity 

 

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

 

Customer Health and 

Safety  

 

Local Communities 

 

 



ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

Materials 

 

Energy 

 

Effluents and Waste 

 

Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment 

 

Environmental 

Compliance 



ECONOMIC 

 

Economic 

Performance 

 

Anti-Corruption 

 

 










11 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

ECONOMIC 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

Old Chang Kee is committed to grow our customers, exceed our customers’ expectations and provide 

them with competitive edge products by enhancing operational efficiency through incorporating effective 

use of technology, developing performance measures, communicating outcomes and results and 

implementing necessary changes to provide fast and high quality services at low transactional costs.  

 

 

 

The Group’s revenue decreased by approximately S$1.7 million or 1.9% for the year ended 31 March 

2020 (“FY2020”). 

 

As at 31 March 2020, the Group operated a total of 89 outlets in Singapore, as compared to 86 outlets 

as at 31 March 2019. 

 

The Group’s gross profit margin decreased by 0.4% in FY2020, mainly due to higher food, packing 

materials and manpower cost for FY2020. 

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our Annual Report 2020: 

• Chairman’s Message &amp; Operations Review, pages 2 to 5 

• Financial Highlights, pages 14 to 15 

• Financial Statements, pages 71 to 153 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




12 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

ANTI CORRUPTION 

Old Chang Kee does not tolerate corruption in any form. The Company has in place a whistle-blowing 

policy which has been communicated to all employees. The Company’s staff and external parties such 

as the Company’s business associates may, in confidence, raise any concerns about possible 

improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters to the Management and/or the Audit 

Committee by submitting a whistle blowing report, the procedures for which are set out on the 

Company’s website. Where applicable, independent investigations may be carried out. 

 

This is also communicated to everyone in our website at http://oldchangkee.listedcompany.com/whistle-

blowing-policy.html.  So far, we have no public cases and no incidents of corruption. There have also 

been no reports received in FY2020.  

 

Our goal is to maintain zero incident of corruption. We will regularly review policies on whistleblowing 

and anti-corruption. 


13 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL  

 

MATERIALS 

 

Palm Oil 

Meeting our consumers’ needs, having creative and innovative products, improving the quality of our 

products and being socially responsible are our key business goals. 

 

Many years back, we took the initiative to use Healthier Oil which was and continues to be endorsed by 

the Health Promotion Board (“HPB”), as reflected by the Healthier Choice Symbol. Then, we conducted 

extensive trials to ensure that using healthier oil does not compromise on our food quality and taste. 

 

Similarly, for the sustainable oil option, we qualify our cooking oil suppliers to ensure that their cooking 

oil can meet both (i) the Healthier Oil endorsement by HPB and (ii) the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm 

Oil (“RSPO”) certification on sustainable cooking oil. 

 

Despite the many challenges and limitations, our promise to consumers is that we will continue to 

source for healthier and socially responsible cooking oil, without compromising on the food quality and 

taste. 

 

Sustainable palm oil production is comprised of legal, economically viable, environmentally appropriate 

and socially beneficial management and operations. At the heart of RSPO certification are the RSPO 

Principles and Criteria for Sustainable Palm Oil Production (including Indicators and Guidance, revised 

November 2013), the global guidelines for producing palm oil sustainably. 

 

Prior to July 2018, we were using palm oil from suppliers with 

sustainability certifications, just that our particular house brand from the 

supplier was not certified yet. As part of our sustainability initiatives, we 

commenced preparation works for RSPO Supply Chain Certification in 

July 2018, and were successfully audited on 12 &amp; 13 December 2018. 

The palm oil used in frying our products are officially RSPO certified by 

Bureau Veritas with effect from 12 March 2019, and are subject to annual 

audits to maintain the RSPO certification status. For the current financial 

year under review, the audit had been completed successfully from 13 to 

15 November 2019. 

 

In FY2020, our total cooking oil consumption was approximately 946,635 kg or S$1,357,000 as 

compared to 968,389 kg or S$1,548,000 in FY2019.  

 

 

Packaging Materials 

We use reusable packaging materials including our paper bags, and our biodegradable carrier bags. 

The percentage of our suppliers using Environmental Packaging in FY2020 is 54% (FY2019: 54%) of 

our total packaging suppliers. The total cost of packaging materials amounted to S$1,333,000 (FY2019: 

S$1,374,000) for the whole year.  

 

Our target is to maintain our RSPO Supply Chain Certification for our palm oil used in production, and 

to maintain or increase the percentage of our suppliers using Environmental Packaging.  

 

 




14 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

ENERGY 

Old Chang Kee is fully aware of its responsibility for nurturing the environment and lessening negative 

environmental consequences at our worksites and the environment where we operate. We monitor our 

electricity consumption at our work places to ensure that we use our resources economically, 

meaningfully and responsibly. Our individual heads of departments examine our bills in detail monthly 

and significant variances from the previous months are flagged for follow-up action.  Outlet supervisors 

and managers’ monthly incentive systems are also structured to reward them with, among others, any 

savings from energy consumption. Property and Maintenance Department would also change older 

machines for newer, more energy efficient machines, where appropriate.  

 

In FY2020, our electricity consumption was recorded at 8,860,475 kwh (FY2019: 8,565,074 kwh). The 

increase was mainly due to higher equipment utilisation rates for our factories and outlets, as a result 

of higher overall sales and an increase in the number of outlets in FY2020. For FY2020, our electricity 

consumption was 68 kwh per square feet (FY2019: 68 KWH per square feet). Our target is to maintain 

or lower our electricity consumption (kwh) per square feet in FY2021.  

 

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE 

 

Oil Waste Management 

We are environmentally friendly and dispose of our used cooking oil via accredited used oil collectors, 

so that it can be treated before being responsibly recycled. Our initiatives to reduce the volume of oil 

waste included enhanced staff training on oil waste procedures, and working with cooking oil suppliers 

to improve the durability of cooking oil. The volume of oil waste managed through accredited oil 

collectors amounted to approximately 258,818 litres in FY2020 (FY2019: 252,925 litres). All of the 

Company and its significant subsidiaries’ used cooking oil are collected by accredited collectors.  

 

We will continue to use accredited collectors and ensure that 100% of our used cooking oils for the 

Company and its significant subsidiaries are treated by accredited collectors before being recycled.   

 

SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT 

Given the sizeable quantity of packing materials used in our business, Management has launched 

various sustainability initiatives, such as requiring our major packaging suppliers to have environmental 

certifications and to use biodegradable carrier bags. The 4 main suppliers during FY2020 are Cheng 

Moh Huat Pte Ltd, Premier Packaging Pte Ltd, Techpak (Asia) Pte Ltd and EcoGreen Packaging Pte 

Ltd (new supplier in FY2020). The percentage of our suppliers using environmental packaging in 

FY2020 is 54% (FY2019: 54%) of our total packaging suppliers. 

 

We also require our main cooking oil suppliers to have globally recognised sustainability certifications 

(i.e. RSPO certifications). Our main supplier during FY2020 is Ngo Chew Hong Edible Oil Pte Ltd, who 

supplies us with “RSPO MB Healthier Choice Cooking Oil” under our Old Chang Kee house-brand. 

 

Our target is to ensure that our main suppliers for packaging materials and cooking oil continue to have 

sustainability certifications, in view of the significant quantities used in our business.  

 

In response to any potential Covid-19 lockdowns, the Group has also reviewed the resilience of key 

supplier networks for packaging materials and cooking oil, including alternative suppliers with 

operations both in Singapore and overseas. The Group is satisfied that its network of key suppliers, 

including alternative suppliers, remain resilient and are able to maintain the supply of key materials in 

event of any Covid-19 lockdowns.  

 


15 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

The Company regularly conducts refresher training to emphasise on the importance of complying with 

laws and regulation. In FY2020, there were no incidence of non-compliance with laws and regulations 

resulting in significant fines or sanctions. We target to maintain this track record.


16 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

SOCIAL 

 

Every employee plays an essential role in our company. We achieve success by promoting a 

collaborative work environment in which everyone is committed to achieving our corporate goals based 

on open and honest communications while showing care and support for each other. 

 

Our employees are the drivers of our business and we believe in creating a respectful, rewarding and 

safe working environment for our people. We support and respect the protection of internationally 

proclaimed human rights. 

 

We respect human rights, support the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour, 

especially child labour, and do not tolerate any discrimination in respect of employment and occupation. 

 

The company provides competitive remuneration based on merit to all our employees. Our employees 

are not covered by collective bargaining agreements, but are given the right to exercise freedom of 

association.  

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

A diverse workforce is an asset in today's ever-changing global marketplace. We cultivate an inclusive 

culture where employees with wide-ranging backgrounds and qualities are highly motivated, engaged 

and connected. We do not discriminate one’s race, age, gender, religion, ethnicity, disability or 

nationality and we aim to have zero record of discrimination.  

 

As at 31 March 2020, we had a workforce of 726 employees (FY2019: 747). We do not have contractual 

staff. Our headcounts were distributed as follows: 

 

 

31 March 2019 

 

Gender: 

Female: 77% 

 

Male: 23%  

 

Age: 

Below 30:  

 

20% 

Between 30 to 50:  

36% 

Above 50: 

 

44% 

 

Nationality: 

Singaporeans:   

48% 

Malaysians: 

 

31% 

Chinese (PRC):  

11% 

Others:  

 

10% 

 

 

 


17 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

31 March 2020 

 

Gender: 

Female: 78%           

Male: 22% 

 

Age: 

Below 30:  

 

17% 

Between 30 to 50:    

39% 

Above 50:                

44% 

 

Nationality: 

Singaporeans:         

49% 

Malaysians:           

30% 

Chinese (PRC):      

11% 

Others:                 

10% 

 

Throughout the year, Old Chang Kee holds a range of activities to foster team-building within our 

employees such as Annual Dinner &amp; Dance with speech by the CEO, Labour Day and Christmas Day 

lunches, and games sessions such as Staff Bowling Competition. 

 

Bowling Competition 2019 (4 April 2019) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 








18 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

Labour Day 2019  

Celebration – Staff Appreciation Lunch &amp; Activities (30 April 2019) 

 

Vietnam Staff Retreat (4 Nov 2019) 

 

 

 
















19 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

Christmas Lunch 2019 (24 December 2019) 

 

 

 

Chinese New Year Staff Celebrations 2020 (6 January 2020) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 














20 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

Chinese New Year Dinner &amp; Dance 2020 (2 February 2020) 

 

 

  

 










21 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

We are committed to provide equal opportunities for existing employees and new candidates to maintain 

a diverse and robust workforce. We also aim to hold at least 3 activities or events each year for our 

employees.  

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

We are also committed to safeguarding our employees’ health and safety against any potential 

workplace hazards. The focus on health and safety is important to the Group. It is not only a fundamental 

right for our workers to be able to work in a safe environment, but when our employees’ wellness is 

attained, our productivity increases, and our best is given to our customers. By implementing job safety 

guidelines, we are committed to provide a hazard-free workplace to ensure the wellbeing of both our 

employees and environment. 

 

We adopt best practices recommended by food safety consultants, such as "Hazard analysis and critical 

control points", or HACCP for our factory premises. We had obtained our HACCP certification on 28 

March 2019. Following the HACCP certification, on 15 January 2020, we completed our first HACCP 

surveillance audit.  

 

Risk assessment is also conducted at all outlets and factory at least on an annual basis by our in-house 

Compliance Manager, including: 

1. Hazard Identification (Work Activity, Hazard, Possible Accident / Health &amp; Persons-at-Risk/ 

Consequences) 

2. Risk Evaluation (Existing Risk Control, Severity, Likelihood, Risk Level) 

3. Risk Control (Additional Risk Control, Action Officer / Designation / Follow-up Date) 

 

In FY2020, we had a total of 12 (FY2019: 11) minor cases of injuries reported. The expenses incurred 

were covered by the Group through staff insurances: 

 

Finger, foot and hand injuries (51 days lost days)  

 

Fall (23 days lost days) 

 

Burn (3 days lost days)  

 

We will continue to stress workplace safety at all times and aim for accident frequency rate of zero in 

the upcoming years. 

 

In response to the threat of Covid-19, the Company has also appointed the Group’s Assistant Facility 

Manager as the Safe Management Officer (“SMO”). The SMO is responsible for disseminating 

information on the latest safe management measures to our office, production and outlet workers, as 

and when necessary, and ensuring that these measures are being carried out at all times. He is also 

responsible for liaising with the authorities’ safe distancing officers to improve on any safe management 

measures at our factory and outlets. 

 

These measures include, among others, separate staff access, isolation room and evacuation routes 

for sick employees at our factory, staggering operations into split teams with different timings, physical 

markings to ensure social distancing, ensuring the availability of face masks and sanitisers to our 

employees, implementation of SafeEntry at our factory and outlets, visitor management plan, and 

regular sanitisation and disinfection procedures for key touchpoints.  

 

 

 

 


22 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY 

We ensure clean and quality products are served to our customers. We have external contractors who 

regularly clean and sanitise our factory and outlets, perform equipment servicing, as well as contractors 

for pest control. We have increased the frequency of our cleaning and sanitization processes, in 

response to the threat from Covid-19.  

 

Our factory staff would conduct daily checks on cleanliness and safety, using the self-inspection 

checklist. The daily checklist would be filed, and periodically checked by the supervisors for compliance. 

 

Sanitization process for our factory by external contractors 

 

 

 

For FY2020, we continued to engage a consultant to assist in our Halal accreditation process which 

involves disposing off all halal non-compliance items from our premises, carrying out 'sertu' or ritual 

cleansing of the production line, central kitchens and outlet, as well as undergoing halal training 

courses. All of the above points illustrated Old Chang Kee's commitment towards the Halal process. 

 




23 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

 

 

We will continue to ensure our customer’s health and safety and ensure that there were no non-

compliance to regulations. We will also ensure that we continue to be Halal-certified.  

 

To counter the threat of Covid-19, the SMO is responsible for implementing safe distancing measures 

at our retail outlets. He is also responsible for liaising with the authorities’ safe distancing officers to 

improve on any safe management measures at our retail outlets. 

 

These measures include, among others, physical markings to ensure social distancing, ensuring the 

availability of face masks and sanitisers to our employees and customers, implementation of SafeEntry 

at our outlets, customer queue management system, and regular sanitisation and disinfection 

procedures for key touchpoints.  

 

LOCAL COMMUNITIES 

Old Chang Kee embraces the philosophy of giving back to the community by encouraging proactive 

involvement in the Group’s various corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiatives and environmental 

conservation programs. 

 

Food Sponsorship to National Day Parade 2019 participants (June, July and August 2019- 

Saturdays) 

 












24 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

HPB Puff for a Puff Education Campaign (Jul – Oct 2019) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

All sales proceeds for Istana event were donated to charity (6 October 2019) 

 

 

 

Our target is to continue participating in at least two charity or non-profit activities as part of our social 

responsibility to local communities. 

 

 

 














25 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

To show our solidarity with healthcare workers to combat Covid-19, we have also conducted various 

campaigns to give out free food items to healthcare workers in appreciation of their brave efforts. 

 

Free Chicken Mushroom’O at Old Chang Kee 

 

 

Free curry chicken rice/loaf at Curry Times 

 






26 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

GOVERNANCE 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The Board and the Management of Old Chang Kee are committed to the best practices in corporate 

governance to ensure sustainability of the Group’s operations. We believe that our constant drive for 

corporate excellence will allow us to establish a more transparent, accountable and equitable system, 

thereby increasing the value of the Company and its value to our shareholders. Please refer to the 

Annual Report 2020 pages 20 to 70 for details of the Group’s Corporate Governance Report. Going 

forward, we will continue to comply with the Code of Corporate Governance and meet all requirements 

that are expected of us by our stakeholders. 

 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT  

The Directors recognise that they have overall responsibility to ensure proper financial reporting for the 

Group and effectiveness of the Group’s system of internal controls, including financial, operational, 

compliance and IT controls, and risk management policies and systems. The Audit Committee assists 

the Board in providing oversight of risk management in the Company.  

 

The Company has in place an Enterprise Risk Management Framework. The implementation and 

maintenance of the Company’s risk management framework is undertaken by the senior management 

team, which reports to the Audit Committee on strategic business risks as well as provides updates on 

the risk management activities of the Company’s businesses and the Enterprise Risk Management 

implementation progress of the Company. Significant strategic risks identified are assessed, managed 

and monitored adequately within the Company’s risk management framework. These strategic risks are 

also reviewed and refreshed to ensure relevant emerging risks are being considered and included for 

proper assessment, monitoring and reporting as appropriate. 

 

The Group continually reviews and improves its business and operational activities to identify areas of 

significant business risk as well as takes appropriate measures to control and mitigate these risks. 

These include the implementation of safety, security and internal control measures and taking up 

appropriate insurance coverage. The Group’s financial risk management programme seeks to minimise 

potential adverse effects of the unpredictability of financial markets on the Group’s financial 

performance. We will regularly review the Enterprise Risk Management policies to ensure that all 

relevant risks are identified, communicated and addressed in a timely manner. 

 

BUSINESS ETHICS 

All of our staff are reminded of the importance of upholding the highest standards when it comes to 

business ethics. The Group regularly updates relevant staff with development in international and local 

regulations. Similar to FY2019, there were no significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-

compliance with laws and regulations reported in FY2020. There have also been no reported incidents 

of corruption during the reporting period. Our target is to ensure all allegation received are promptly 

addressed and to maintain zero incidents of non-compliance.    

 

EXTERNAL ASSURANCES 

The Company did not seek external assurances for FY2020, as there were no significant changes to 

GRI Standards from the previous years. We may seek external assurances in the future, should GRI 

Standards be substantially modified.  


27 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

SR pages 5 to 6 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Singapore 

102-4 

Location of operations 

AR pages 8 to 9 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

AR page 12 

102-6 

Markets served 

AR pages 150 to 152 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

AR page 12, SR pages 16 to 17 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

SR pages 16 to 17 

102-9 

Supply chain 

SR pages 13 to 14 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain 

None 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Old Chang Kee does not specifically address 

the precautionary approach.  

102-12 

External initiatives 

SR pages 23 to 25 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Singapore Food Manufacturers' Association 

Singapore Business Federation 

Franchising and Licensing Association 

(Singapore)  

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

SR pages 3 to 4 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of behaviour 

SR page 26 

102-18 

Governance structure 

SR page 26, AR pages 20 to 70 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR pages 8 to 9 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR pages 8 to 9 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR pages 8 to 9 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR pages 8 to 9 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

AR page 12 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

SR page 3 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR page 10 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

Not applicable 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable 

102-50 

Reporting period 

1 April 2019 to 31 March 2020 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

29 August 2019 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the report 

SR page 3 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

SR page 3 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR pages 27 to 28 

102-56 

External Assurance 

SR page 26  

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: 

Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

SR page 11 

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

SR page 12 

GRI 301: 

Materials 

301-1 

Materials used by weight or volume 

SR page 13 

GRI 302: Energy 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organization 

SR page 14 

GRI 306: 

Effluents and 

Waste 

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal method 

SR page 14 


28 

Old Chang Kee Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

SR page 15 

GRI 308: Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment 

308-1 

New suppliers that were screened using environmental 

criteria 

SR page 14 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

health and safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost 

SR page 21 

GRI 405: 

Diversity and 

equal 

opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

SR pages 16 to 21 

GRI 413: Local 

Communities 

413-1 

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programs 

SR pages 23 to 25 

GRI 416: 

Customer Health 

and Safety 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and 

safety impacts of products and services 

SR pages 21 to 22 

 

