




SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT 

2015



WE HELP  

JESS HARNESS 

THE SUN’S 

ENERGY  

TO POWER 

HER HOME



ENERGY MADE 

FRESH DAILY


CONTENTS

IMPORTANT INFORMATION 

Origin has been reporting its sustainability 

performance since 2002 via an annual 

Sustainability Report. 

Unless otherwise stated, Origin’s Sustainability 

Report provides a summary of activities, operated 

assets and non-financial performance between 

1 July 2014 and 30 June 2015. Emissions 

performance is reported on an operated and 

equity basis. Significant events occurring after 

the close of the period may also be referenced. 

Origin’s Sustainability Report outlines the 

Company’s performance against a number  

of Material Aspects. Origin’s approach to 

determining Material Aspects is informed  

by the Global Reporting Initiative and the 

AA1000 Accountability Principles. 

The following Report includes an assessment  

of Upstream activities by Australia Pacific LNG, 

in which Origin has a 37.5 per cent shareholding 

(consistent with its holding as at 30 June 2014) 

and is the Upstream operator. 

This Report does not contain information  

on the sustainability performance of Contact 

Energy, in which Origin held a 53.1 per cent 

interest at the close of the reporting period. 

After the close of the period, Origin divested  

its entire interest in Contact Energy. Information 

regarding Contact Energy can be found  

at www.contactenergy.co.nz.

All monetary amounts are in Australian dollars 

unless otherwise stated. 

DISCOVER  

MORE  

ONLINE

02  ................. MANAGING DIRECTOR’S MESSAGE

04  ................. OUR COMPASS

05  ................. WHERE WE OPERATE

06  ................. OUR YEAR AT A GLANCE

08  ................. BUSINESS STRATEGY

09  ................. OUR PERFORMANCE

10  ................. GLOBAL TRENDS

12  ................. APPROACH TO MATERIALITY

14  ................. ENGAGING WITH OUR STAKEHOLDERS

17  ................. ENERGY DEVELOPMENTS

32  ................. DELIVERING ENERGY

40  ................. MANAGING OUR BUSINESS

60  ................. FUTURE ENERGY SOLUTIONS

64  ................. PHILANTHROPY

67  ................. RATINGS AND BENCHMARKS

68 .................. GLOSSARY




WE HELP  

MAKE PEACE 

AND QUIET

We’re providing energy  

to millions of homes  

so kids around the 

country can enjoy their 

favourite stories.

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

01


In seeking to meet this objective, environmental 

and economic goals can often be competing  

but are not necessarily mutually exclusive – 

they require a balance between them to be met. 

At Origin we are always seeking to find this 

balance, particularly in the opinion of our key 

stakeholders – our shareholders, customers, 

employees and the communities we serve.  

We listen to and consider the opinions of our 

key stakeholders and they inform the choices 

we create and the decisions we make.

BALANCING ENVIRONMENTAL  

AND ECONOMIC OUTCOMES

As a diversified energy company active in both 

domestic and export markets, we see that the 

global energy landscape is subject to continual 

change. We regularly evaluate how these global 

trends create opportunities and risks in our 

business and respond to them appropriately.

As world population grows, energy demand 

grows with it. We know that the carbon 

emissions associated with traditional forms  

of energy production have to be significantly 

curtailed. For this to occur there must be  

a significant transition in the way energy  

is produced and used and this necessary  

transition creates the long term risks for  

investors in the energy sector.

The International Energy Agency (IEA) has been 

charged by governments around the world to 

analyse and interpret data relevant to energy 

and climate change in order to provide guidance 

on how climate change can be addressed.

It has long been the case that access to a reliable  

and affordable supply of energy has been central  

to the economic development of nations and to  

the improvement in the standard of living that 

people naturally seek. 

In more recent times, it has also become the 

objective of our industry that the contribution 

energy makes to improving living standards  

be achieved in an environmentally as well as 

economically sustainable basis.



MANAGING 

DIRECTOR’S 

MESSAGE



02

MANAGING DIRECTOR’S MESSAGE


The IEA’s guidance is framed by global warming 

scenarios – two of which are the New Policies 

Scenario and 450 Scenario – and provides 

direction on the appropriate energy mix in 

order to minimise the impacts of climate change. 

In both scenarios, the world must place limits  

on the use of high-emission fuels such as coal, 

increase in appropriate quantities the use  

of natural gas, and grow the contribution  

of renewable energy. 

The IEA estimates that an investment of  

$2 trillion a year(1) is required through to 2040  

to provide sufficient energy to meet the world’s 

growing energy needs on an environmentally 

and economically sustainable basis. 

Throughout the world the transition in the  

way we produce and use energy required to 

balance environmental and economic outcomes 

creates significant risks for businesses like 

Origin. Our industry has invested significantly  

in long life, capital intensive, energy producing 

assets to meet our customers’ requirements  

for an affordable and reliable supply of energy, 

yet some of these assets are more carbon 

intensive than many believe is appropriate to 

operate in a more carbon constrained future.

Origin has always managed this risk by investing 

in less carbon intensive forms of energy such  

as natural gas and renewables, and assets that 

are more carbon efficient than industry average 

– such as the Eraring coal-fired power station. 

Recognising the inevitable move to more 

renewable generation, Origin has remained 

underinvested in generation relative to the 

energy we sell to our millions of customers.  

This reduces the risk that Origin will have 

stranded generation assets and gives Origin  

the opportunity to invest in less carbon 

intensive assets such as renewables when  

it is economic to do so. 

Governments have a critical role to play in 

facilitating a balanced transition to a less carbon 

intensive economy. They not only set the policy 

framework in which the industry operates but 

also often set targets for specific outcomes  

such as renewable energy targets, efficiency 

targets and carbon pricing schemes. 

Properly designed policies, regulations and 

targets can play a critical role in accelerating  

the required transition, and conversely, poorly 

designed policies can have a very damaging 

effect on the industry.

There is much in the global experience of 

government intervention that has weakened 

the industry’s ability to fund required ongoing 

investment in energy production. Poor policies, 

poorly implemented, have had a damaging 

effect. In Australia in the two decades since the 

nation committed to reducing carbon emissions 

by 5 per cent on 2000 levels by 2020, there  

has been a multiplicity of initiatives at state and 

federal level that have significantly increased 

risks for investors in the industry.

Notwithstanding this experience, Origin has 

supported the reframing of the Renewable 

Energy Target and also supports the Australian 

Government’s announcement of a post  

2020 emissions reduction target of a 26 to  

28 per cent reduction on 2005 levels by 2030 

as a target that is balanced in its aspiration and 

its feasibility. Origin looks forward to a successful 

global outcome at the COP21 meeting in Paris 

in December 2015, and the subsequent policy 

detail that brings clarity and certainty to the 

energy policy landscape in the years ahead.

Each year, Origin publicly reports the absolute 

emissions and emissions intensity of our power 

generation and natural gas production activities. 

This year’s results reconfirm that Origin’s power 

generation activities compare favourably to 

many of our peers and align with both Australia’s 

and global climate change objectives.

Given Origin’s integrated business – one that 

sees us developing, generating and selling energy 

– we undertake a diverse range of activities in 

the communities in which we operate. We give 

careful consideration to our environmental 

footprint across this range of activities, and 

provide transparency through this report  

on the environmental impact of our activities. 

BALANCING OUR COMMITMENTS  

TO STAKEHOLDERS

We also seek to find a balance in our business  

in meeting the expectations of our key 

stakeholders – our customers, shareholders, 

employees and the communities we serve.

We recognise these expectations through the 

commitments we make in our Compass and 

know that fulfilling these commitments can 

often require difficult choices and decisions  

to be made if we are to achieve a balanced 

outcome, which will be sustainable over the 

longer term.

Our principles and values provide the guidance 

we need to make these choices and decisions.

We set targets and measure performance  

to evidence our progress in delivering  

on our commitments.

To measure our progress we use:

 

—

Safety and Engagement for our people;

 

—

Total Shareholder Returns for 

shareholders;

 

—

Net Promoter Score for customers; and

 

—

Reputation for the communities we serve.

We have high aspirations for our performance 

on each of these measures and set targets each 

year to continually improve.

This year our results are as follows: 

 

—

Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate 

(TRIFR) for safety: performance improved 

to 3.8 compared with 5.0 in the prior year;

 

—

Total Shareholder Returns for financial 

performance: -15 per cent for the year 

when compared with +125 per cent  

during the past decade;

 

—

Net Promoter Score: a 9 point 

improvement on the prior year  

to -39, from -48;

 

—

Engagement for our people: up 5 points  

to 52, from 47 last year; and

 

—

RepTrak for community reputation:  

at 61.8 which is steady with the prior  

year, and the year average up on the  

prior year average.

With the recent fall in oil prices and the 

prospect that this situation may persist longer 

than might have previously been anticipated, 

our shareholder returns over the year in  

review have been significantly reduced.  

We have lost some of the balance we seek  

to preserve and have taken action to build 

resilience within Origin to operate in a lower  

oil price environment and restore balanced 

outcomes for our key stakeholders.

We believe that our performance against  

these measures helps us understand whether 

we are getting the balance right in respect  

of the commitments we have made to our  

key stakeholders.

This is our 14th annual Sustainability Report and 

details our performance in the Material Aspects 

of our business. We believe it demonstrates  

a year of good operational performance across 

our business and continued progress on building 

a strong and sustainable company that finds the 

right balance in meeting the expectations  

of our key stakeholders.

Grant King  

Managing Director



(1) International Energy Agency, Energy and Climate 

Change, World Energy Outlook Special Report 2015

03

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

MANAGING DIRECTOR’S MESSAGE




OUR  

COMPASS

OUR PRINCIPLES

 Origin’s Principles provide guidance for making 

the right decisions:

 

—

We conduct ourselves and our business 

with due care and in accordance with 

relevant laws and regulations. We have  

an overriding duty to ensure the health  

and safety of our employees, and  

to minimise the health, safety and 

environmental impacts on our customers 

and the communities in which we operate.

 

—

We will add value to the resources that 

come under our control.

 

—

The value we create will be distributed  

to stakeholders, recognising the need  

to ensure the sustainability of our 

business, and its impact on the 

environment and the communities  

in which we operate.

 

—

We encourage diversity and expression  

of ideas and opinions but require 

alignment with the Company’s Principles, 

Values and Commitments and the policies 

established to implement them.

 

—

When faced with choices, we make 

decisions knowing they will be subject  

to scrutiny. We should be able to 

demonstrate the soundness of our 

decisions to all stakeholders.

OUR VALUES

Origin’s Values describe good behaviour:

Caring: We care about our impact on 

customers, colleagues, the community, 

environment and shareholders.

Listening: We listen to the needs of others, 

knowing that an unfulfilled need creates  

the best opportunities.

Learning: We constantly learn and implement 

new and better ways, sharing information  

and ideas effectively.

Delivering: We deliver on the commitments 

made in all areas of performance.

OUR COMMITMENTS

Origin’s Commitments define the outcomes  

we strive to achieve for key stakeholders.

We commit to:

 

—

Deliver market-leading performance  

for shareholders by identifying, 

developing, operating and growing 

value-creating businesses.

 

—

Create value for our customers  

by understanding their needs and 

delivering relevant and competitive  

energy solutions to meet those needs  

both today and into the future.

 

—

Create a rewarding workplace for  

our people by valuing everyone’s 

contribution, encouraging personal 

development, recognising good 

performance and fostering equality  

of opportunity.

 

—

Respect the rights and interests of  

the communities in which we operate,  

by listening to them, understanding  

and managing the environmental, 

economic and social impacts of  

our activities.

 

—

Respect the rights and interests  

of our business partners by working 

collaboratively to create valued and 

rewarding partnerships.

OUR PURPOSE

We aspire always to lead. 

We deliver today’s energy needs, and we search  

and innovate to create tomorrow’s energy solutions. 

We honour our principles and values,  

and they are evident in all we do. 

We live our commitments to our shareholders,  

to our customers, to our people, to our  

communities and to our business partners.

04

OUR COMPASS


WHERE WE  

OPERATE

DISCOVER OUR 

INTERACTIVE MAP 

ONLINE

Adelaide

Perth

Melbourne

Sydney

Brisbane

Port Moresby

Suva

Roma

New

Plymouth

Rarotonga

Port-Vila

Tafuna

Santiago

Chile

Ho Chi 

Minh City

Vietnam

Indonesia

Exploration acreage

Conventional &amp; unconventional

 

Geothermal

Generation

Power station (gas fired)

Power station (coal fired)

Wind generation

Hydro generation

Solar generation

Production facility

Development proposal

Office

LPG seaboard terminal

LPG terminal or branch

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

05

WHERE WE OPERATE




2014

4 July

Construction of the Australia Pacific LNG 

main gas transmission pipeline completed.

17 July

Passed through lower electricity costs  

to customers following the repeal of the 

Australian Government’s carbon price.

12 August

Completed the acquisition of Karoon Gas’s 

40 per cent interest in two offshore 

exploration permits in Western Australia’s 

Browse Basin. 

9 September

Announced the successful pricing and  

allocation of €1 billion hybrid capital 

securities, completing the Company’s 

financing for the acquisition of interests  

in two exploration permits located in 

Western Australia’s Browse Basin.

23 September

Launched the Greater Energy Choice 

campaign in the ACT, with Origin 

commencing sales of electricity and gas  

to homes and small businesses in the  

capital territory for the first time.

3 October

Origin held a forum at Sydney’s Powerhouse 

Museum for its LittleBigIdea schools competition, 

with the three most innovative ideas announced 

from more than 1,300 entries. 

12 November

Launch of the Deloitte Access Economics 

Report Emissions metrics – Australia’s carbon 

footprint in the G20. Commissioned by  

Origin, the report proposes better ways to  

understand the economic drivers of carbon 

emissions and better reflect the relationship 

between emissions and economic activity. 

25 November 

Origin increased its investment in Energía 

Andina SA to 49.9 per cent. Energía Andina 

acquired 40 per cent of the 69 MW Javiera 

solar project in Chile’s Atacama Desert which 

began commercial operations in the second  

half of the 2015 financial year.

5 December

Origin became the major partner of the  

NSW State Emergency Services (SES) Cadet 

and Leadership Program which provides 

secondary school students with the leadership 

and life skills required to make a difference  

in the community.

9 December

Speculant-1 exploration well discovered 

commercial quantities of gas in the Otway  

Basin, offshore Victoria. This well forms part  

of the Halladale and Speculant project which  

will enable increased utilisation of the onshore 

Otway facilities.

16 December

Milestone achieved at BassGas Mid Life 

Enhancement Project – successful lift  

of the export compression and condensate 

pumping modules into place on the Yolla 

offshore platform.

2015

10 February

The Federal Court of Australia ordered  

Origin and two of its subsidiaries to pay 

penalties totalling $325,000 and notify  

affected customers for contravening the 

Australian Consumer Law by making false  

or misleading representations to residential 

consumers in South Australia regarding  

the DailySaver energy plan, in proceedings  

brought by the Australian Competition  

and Consumer Commission (ACCC).

OUR YEAR AT A GLANCE

2015 FINANCIAL YEAR

06

OUR YEAR AT A GLANCE




26 June

Royal assent for new legislation on the  

large-scale Renewable Energy Target (RET) 

of 33 terawatt hours (TWh). This provides  

a boost for the renewables industry, which 

will need to build a substantial amount  

of wind and solar by 2020.

26 June

Origin awarded the tender to design,  

build, own and operate 924 solar panels  

on the roof of the Royal Australian Mint  

in Canberra. The solar system will help the 

Mint save money on electricity and reduce 

its carbon footprint.

1 July

Secured a 12-year $100 million  

finance commitment from the Clean  

Energy Finance Corporation to further 

develop rooftop solar offerings for  

Australian homes and businesses.

28 July 2015

Loading of refrigerants commenced  

at the Curtis Island LNG facility,  

marking a significant achievement  

in the commissioning and start-up  

phase of Australia Pacific LNG.

11 February 

First gas from Australia pacific LNG’s coal  

seam gas fields in the Surat Basin reach  

Curtis Island, Queensland.

16 February

Origin awarded tender to build 3MW solar  

array at Tonsley in SA, which will be the largest 

rooftop array in Australia.

19 February 

Origin reported interim results including 

Statutory Loss of $25 million and Underlying 

Profit of $346 million.

15 March

Origin broke the record for construction  

of the longest extended reach drilling section  

in Australia as part of the drilling campaign  

for the Halladale and Speculant development 

project in the Otway Basin. 

27 March

The Federal Court of Australia ordered  

Origin to pay $2 million in penalties and  

one of its third-party service providers to pay 

$325,000 in relation to unlawful door-to-door 

selling practices in proceedings brought by  

the ACCC. Origin ceased door-to-door sales  

in September 2013.

21 April

Released Origin’s first Reconciliation Action 

Plan (RAP), which details our efforts and 

commitment to respect the rights and  

interests of the Aboriginal and Torres Strait 

Islander communities.

22 April

Australia Pacific LNG reached a significant 

milestone with the successful start-up of the 

first of seven gas turbine power generators, 

designed to provide electrical power to the 

Curtis Island LNG facility.

3 May

Launched Don’t Waste Your Roof solar campaign 

which encourages Australians to think differently 

about the value of their roof and the potential 

of solar energy. 

10 June

Origin announced its intention to be number 

one in solar by ‘installed capacity’. This follows 

the launch of its Solar as a Service product  

in May, which enables more customers to  

access the benefits of solar without having  

to purchase the system.

16 June

Origin announced a new community 

partnership to raise funds for the NSW SES 

donating $5 to the organisation for every LPG 

cylinder or refill purchased by a new customer 

until 30 September 2015.



WE HELP  

TOM AND RYAN 

PERFORM THEIR 

LATEST TRACK



We’re providing energy 

to power the creativity 

of budding musicians.

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

07

OUR YEAR AT A GLANCE


BUSINESS 

STRATEGY





REGIONAL LEADER  

IN ENERGY MARKETS

REGIONALLY SIGNIFICANT 

POSITION IN NATURAL GAS 

AND LNG PRODUCTION

GROWING POSITION  

IN RENEWABLE ENERGY  

IN THE ASIA PACIFIC REGION

IMPROVING RETURNS  

IN ENERGY MARKETS

DELIVERING GROWTH  

IN THE INTEGRATED  

GAS BUSINESS

GROWING CAPABILITIES 

AND INCREASING 

INVESTMENT IN 

RENEWABLES

CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 

AND FUNDING

Origin supplies energy to markets in Australia,  

New Zealand and the Asia Pacific region.  

Origin’s strategy of connecting resources  

to markets is pursued through a clear focus  

on its three businesses and four priorities,  

designed to drive continued improvement  

in Origin’s performance.

3



 BUSINESSES

4



 PRIORITIES

08

BUSINESS STRATEGY






OUR 

PERFORMANCE

TRIFR FOR  

OUR SAFETY

TOTAL SHAREHOLDER 

RETURNS FOR FINANCIAL 

PERFORMANCE

NET PROMOTER SCORE 

FOR OUR CUSTOMERS’ 

ADVOCACY

Total Recordable Injury 

Frequency Rate: 

3.8 Our lowest ever and a 

 24% improvement 

on the prior year

 

Employee Engagement Score: 

52

 Improvement from 47 

in the prior year 

 

Total Shareholder Returns: 

-15% For FY2015

while over the past decade  

Total Shareholder Returns  

were 125%

 

Community Reputation Score: 

61.8 At 30 June 2015

Steady with the prior year 

 

Strategic NPS:

-39 At 30 June 2015

 9 point improvement 

on the prior year 

ENGAGEMENT SURVEY  

FOR PEOPLE AT ORIGIN

REPTRAK™ FOR  

COMMUNITY REPUTATION

We use five key measures to tell us how  

we are tracking against our commitments  

to our key stakeholders.  

These measures touch on a range of social, 

environmental and economic aspects of activities 

carried out by Origin.

5



 MEASURES

09

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

OUR PERFORMANCE








GLOBAL 

TRENDS 

The global energy landscape is characterised  

by constant change – from climate change,  

to technology developments and dramatic 

fluctuations in the price of oil. The following  

trends provide insight into how the global  

energy landscape may continue to evolve, which  

we constantly evaluate to understand both the 

opportunities and potential risks facing Origin. 

INCREASING POPULATION  

AND URBANISATION

THE ASIAN  

CENTURY

ENVIRONMENTAL CONCERNS 

AND CLIMATE CHANGE

Today’s world population of approximately  

7.3 billion is expected to reach 9.7 billion by 

2050(1). Despite more than half of the world’s 

population living in cities, about 1.3 billion 

people today still have no access to electricity 

and 2.7 billion rely on traditional energy 

sources such as biomass for cooking(2).

The IEA expects the world’s use of electricity 

to double between now and 2050(3), requiring 

investment of around $2 trillion each and 

every year between now and 2040(2). As the 

world’s population continues to grow and 

urbanise, ensuring people have access to  

a reliable, affordable energy supply is one  

of society’s significant challenges.

In 2014, China surpassed the United States  

to become the largest economy in purchasing 

power parity terms(4). Asia has been an engine 

of growth for the world economy and over 

the past few decades China’s growth has led  

to the provision of electricity for around half 

a billion people(2). While the rate of China’s 

expansion is moderating, the economic 

prominence of the Asian region is expected  

to continue well into the century. 

Asia’s growing economies continue to demand 

energy, as well as new and cleaner energy 

sources such as natural gas and renewables,  

to combat air pollution and climate change. 

With global energy demand set to grow,  

Asia is expected to account for 60 per cent  

of this growth(5). Australia’s proximity to Asia, 

as well as its large LNG export market, means 

it is best placed to help meet this increasing 

energy demand. 

Energy production accounts for two thirds  

of the world’s greenhouse gas emissions(2) 

and there is increasing pressure from  

the public to reduce emissions in order to 

mitigate climate change. Finding the right 

balance between our energy use and meeting 

our environmental objective to limit global 

warming to 2 degrees Celsius is a significant 

societal challenge. 

In the lead up to the United Nations 

Framework Convention on Climate Change 

meeting in Paris later this year, a number  

of countries have made long-term emission 

reduction pledges. Importantly, this includes 

announcements from the ‘big three’  

emitters – China, the US and Europe –  

which collectively account for about half  

the world’s emissions. Australia, which 

represents 1.3 per cent(6) of the world’s 

emissions, has announced an emissions 

reduction target of 26 to 28 per cent  

on 2005 levels by 2030. 

Against this backdrop, the ongoing challenge 

for energy providers is to ensure that energy 

supply meets the three key criteria of being 

reliable, affordable and also being produced  

in an environmentally sustainable way. 

10

GLOBAL TRENDS








CREATING A  

RENEWABLE FUTURE 

THROUGH INNOVATION

GAS AND GROWING  

ENERGY DEMAND

COMPLEXITY AND  

CHALLENGE IN MAKING 

GOVERNMENT POLICY 

(1) United Nations, World Population Prospects:  

2015 revision. 

(2) International Energy Agency, Energy and Climate 

Change: World Energy Outlook Special Report 2015.

(3) Calculated using data from International Energy 

Agency, World Energy Investment Outlook 2014.

(4) PricewaterhouseCoopers, The World in 2050:  

Will the shift in global economic power continue? 

February 2015.

(5) International Energy Agency, World Energy  

Outlook 2014.

(6) dfat.gov.au/international-relations/themes/

climate-change/Pages/global-emissions-data-graph.aspx

(7) International Energy Agency, Medium-Term Gas Market 

Report 2015

(8) RBA Bulletin, Australia and the Global LNG Market:  

March Quarter 2015.

Renewables accounted for nearly half  

of all new power generation capacity  

globally in 2014 and continue to be 

dominated by wind, solar and hydro.  

While renewable energy is part of the  

world’s energy mix to deliver clean forms  

of energy and address climate change,  

it also provides energy access to people  

living in developing countries. 

Continued innovation in battery storage 

technology will enable the integration  

of increasing sources of renewable power  

into the energy mix. While energy storage 

solutions are currently expensive, ongoing 

research and development – as well as 

regulatory frameworks – are expected  

to drive the cost of storage down. 

The lower carbon profile of gas and  

its abundant supply underpin its status  

as the world’s fastest growing fossil fuel.  

As countries seek to diversify their energy 

mix and decarbonise their power supply,  

gas is expected to play an increasing role  

in displacing coal. The significant fall in oil 

prices and the realignment of oil-linked gas 

pricing is also expected to enhance the 

attractiveness of gas in the short term. 

Between 2014 and 2020, the IEA expects 

global gas demand to increase at an average 

annual rate of 2 per cent(7). The demand for 

gas in China, non-OECD Asia and Africa to 

2020 is forecast to increase at compound 

average aggregate growth rates of 10,  

2.9 and 3.0 per cent respectively(7). 

In Australia, the LNG market is expected  

to triple between now and 2017 with the 

completion of a number of projects and  

ramp up of exports from the east coast, 

making Australia the world’s largest producer 

of LNG by 2018(8). Increasing LNG trade also 

helps countries to maintain security of gas 

supply by mitigating geopolitical risk.

The global energy sector is highly regulated, 

and as nations put the need to address climate 

change at the forefront of energy policy the 

level of complexity in formulating commercially 

viable policy settings increases. 

The European Union has an overarching 

target of a 40 per cent reduction in emissions 

on 1990 levels by 2030, and while the subsidies  

for renewables have been reduced, the target 

for 2030 remains strong. While attempts  

to create an emissions trading scheme in the 

US have been shelved, the Environmental 

Protection Agency is now using regulation  

to reduce emissions. Most states also have 

renewable energy targets and California  

has its own emissions trading scheme. 

In Australia, a variety of incentives have been 

introduced, changed or removed in order  

to reduce emissions and promote renewable 

energy, including solar feed-in tariffs,  

a carbon pricing mechanism, direct action, 

and various renewable energy targets. 

In many developed countries the 

implementation of policies to mitigate  

climate change must be considered in  

the context of subdued energy demand. 

Therefore, as policy measures determine  

the pathway to decarbonising economies,  

the ongoing challenge is to ensure that 

energy is delivered in a reliable and  

affordable way.

SOON WE 

WILL HELP 

LIGHT UP 

BEIJING

We are providing 

cleaner energy to 

buzzing metropolises 

across Asia.

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

11

GLOBAL TRENDS


APPROACH TO 

MATERIALITY

Our reporting provides detail on our Duty  

of Care for each of the Material Aspects.

When our Duty of Care is fulfilled, we then  

strive to create value in how we manage our 

Material Aspects, from improved delivery and 

efficiencies, to better, innovative and value- 

enhancing outcomes. Where possible, we seek 

to create more valuable, social, environmental 

and economic outcomes for society, such  

as improved social amenity and wellbeing, 

improved state of the natural environment  

and improved standards of living to the benefit 

of our customers, investors, employees, and  

the communities in which we operate. 

In addition to these Material Aspects, we also 

report on other topics that are of interest  

to our stakeholders. 

We continue to listen to our stakeholders  

to help determine whether our management  

of Material Aspects and topics of interest  

are appropriate and, from this interaction,  

we learn where we can improve. 

Material Aspects and key topics

Energy developments

 

—

Land access and coexistence

 

—

Water management 

 

—

Impact on communities

 

—

Sharing economic benefits

 

—

Biodiversity 

Delivering energy

 

—

Customer care

 

—

Energy affordability

Managing our business

 

—

Safety 

 

—

Climate change and our business

 

—

Sound and stable policy

 

—

Financial performance

 

—

Corporate governance 

 

—

Diversity and inclusion

 

—

Employee engagement

Future energy solutions

 

—

Developing cleaner energy solutions 

 

—

Renewable energy opportunities 

Philanthropy

 

—

Origin Foundation 

DEFINING WHAT IS MATERIAL  

TO OUR PERFORMANCE

Origin’s sustainability reporting reviews  

the Company’s performance against a number 

of Material Aspects. Material Aspects are  

those activities that are of most importance  

to both our business and stakeholders.  

We believe if we manage these Material  

Aspects well, we can be confident of a more 

successful and sustainable business. 

Material Aspects are informed by a deep 

understanding of our business and stakeholders’ 

interests. We use the Global Reporting Initiative 

(GRI) and the AA1000 Accountability Principles 

to inform the reporting of our Material Aspects. 

This year Origin completed a materiality review, 

which included examining each Material Aspect 

according to its level of risk to the Company,  

the level of stakeholder interest and how  

topical each activity is. In order to be included  

in Origin’s Sustainability Report, Material 

Aspects must meet the threshold in two  

or more of these three areas. 

Changes to the Material Aspects against  

which we report this year include the merging 

of ‘Setting sustainable tariffs’ with ‘Energy 

affordability’, and the inclusion of ‘Emissions’  

in our new ‘Climate Change and our business’ 

section. We also added ‘Employee engagement’ 

and ‘Process safety’, which forms part of the 

‘Safety’ Material Aspect.

HOW WE REPORT

The first principle which guides the 

management of our business is our Duty  

of Care. This requires us to, at a minimum, 

comply with the relevant laws, regulations  

and contractual obligations imposed on us  

by others. Where practical and desirable,  

we choose to impose on ourselves additional 

standards to create better outcomes for  

our business and our stakeholders. This  

may be because these additional standards  

help us manage risk better, or because our 

engagement with our stakeholders shows  

us how, by imposing additional standards,  

we can better manage our environmental,  

social and governance performance and  

meet expectations more fully.

Origin’s approach to sustainability is anchored  

in Our Compass.  

Our purpose, the decisions we make, the 

actions we take and the behaviours we display 

as an organisation are guided by Our Compass. 

In order to be a sustainable business, we believe 

we must demonstrate how we are meeting the 

needs and expectations of those who are most 

interested in our business – our employees, 

investors, customers and the communities  

in which we operate. 

DISCOVER  

MORE  

ONLINE



Where possible,  

we seek to create 

more valuable social, 

environmental and 

economic outcomes  

for society.

12

APPROACH TO MATERIALITY




WE HELP  

ELLEN KEEP  

IN TOUCH

We’re providing 

power so Ellen can 

stay connected with 

her loved ones and 

the world.

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

13


Our business brings us into contact  

with a diverse range of stakeholders.  

How we approach and build stakeholder 

relationships over time is important  

to our business. 

ENGAGING  

WITH OUR 

STAKEHOLDERS

Stakeholder

Key areas of interest

How Origin engages

OUR CUSTOMERS

Origin has approximately  

4.3 million electricity, gas  

and LPG customer accounts  

across Australia. 

Our commitment 

Create value for our customers  

by understanding their needs and 

delivering relevant and competitive 

energy products and solutions  

to meet those needs both today  

and into the future.

Energy underpins our everyday  

life. Our customers have come to 

expect a reliable source of energy, 

provided at an affordable price and 

produced in an environmentally 

responsible way. We seek to provide 

our customers with a wide choice 

of products and services, as well as 

more visibility on their energy use 

and costs. Our key activities in the 

2015 financial year are described  

in Customer Care and Addressing 

Energy Affordability on pages  

32 and 36. 

Our Customer Charter guides our engagement with customers. 

Customers provide us with feedback via letters and emails, contact  

with our call centre, as well as through social media. Customer Service 

Hubs also provide customers with a physical location they can visit  

to address their concerns and provide feedback. 

We also engage with consumer protection regulators and Ombudsmen  

to help identify systemic problems, and opportunities to better meet the 

needs of customers.

We undertake qualitative and quantitative market research to better 

understand customer needs, priorities and perceptions. During the period, 

Origin captured feedback through its Net Promoter Score (NPS) which 

confirmed that the quality of our service and energy affordability were  

of most importance to our customers. 

OUR COMMUNITIES

Our activities bring us into  

contact with a wide range of 

communities in Australia and 

internationally. Origin engages 

with local community groups  

and individuals as well as 

community representatives  

such as governments  

and non-government 

organisations (e.g. charities  

and environmental agencies).

Our commitment 

Respect the rights and interests  

of the communities in which we 

operate by listening, understanding 

and working together to manage  

the environmental, economic and 

social impacts of our activities.

We communicate directly with 

communities and traditional owners 

of the land around our operations 

and developments.

We also work with intermediaries 

and influencers who reflect and 

represent the interests of the 

broader community. These include:

Governments and regulators 

who are charged with representing 

community interests.

Industry associations which 

represent the interests of the 

energy and business sectors.

Media who express views  

of the community.

Non-government organisations 

(NGOs) which represent diverse 

interests including environmental, 

social and human rights.

Water management, as well  

as land access are key areas  

of concern for the communities  

in which we operate. How we 

manage Water Resources and  

Land Access and Coexistence  

are described in the Material 

Aspects on pages 20 and 17  

of this report. 

Our media analysis suggests  

a continuing high level of interest  

in public policy as it relates  

to energy and emissions, and  

also the development of the gas 

industry. Key activities relating  

to our public policy and advocacy 

work is outlined on page 49.

Local communities – Ongoing dialogue is underpinned by our 

Community Directive. We engage with communities through meetings, 

and communicate through targeted newsletters, public information 

centres in key project areas, project-specific websites and hotlines.  

In some locations we have Community Relations Advisors who convene 

or participate in formal community reference groups. 

We undertake scientific research in partnerships with organisations 

including the CSIRO, into the social and environmental impacts associated 

with the Coal Seam Gas (CSG) industry, which helps local communities 

respond to resource developments.

Origin also measures stakeholder perceptions through the 

implementation of an independent benchmark using RepTrak™ 

methodology. The RepTrak™ results were incorporated into  

communications strategies throughout the year.

Governments – Origin’s Managing Director, senior executives  

and members of the Corporate Affairs team have regular dialogue  

and meetings with representatives from both state and federal 

governments, the Opposition and other political parties.

Media – A dedicated team manages engagement with Australian  

and international media through media releases, events, one-on-one 

interviews, background briefings and presentations. The team also 

monitors and measures media engagement and coverage, which 

influences communications strategy and ensures stakeholders  

are receiving informed and balanced content. 

NGOs – Key Origin executives engage with major environmental  

and climate change-focused organisations to exchange views and 

information in association with our projects and major activities. 

Industry associations – We are an active member of a number  

of relevant industry and business associations including the Australian 

Petroleum Production and Exploration Association (APPEA), Business 

Council of Australia, Energy Retailers Association of Australia,  

Energy Supply Association of Australia, and the Queensland  

Resources Council.

14

ENGAGING WITH OUR STAKEHOLDERS


To understand the potential impact and opportunities our activities 

create, we actively listen to stakeholder feedback. What we learn 

through direct engagement is supplemented by structured stakeholder 

assessments and research, which helps us to define the activities  

that are of most importance to both our business and stakeholders.  

This is a key input to determining our Material Aspects. 

Our ongoing challenge is to find the right balance in meeting the needs 

and expectations of our various stakeholders. Our commitment to and 

engagement with each of these stakeholders is detailed below.

Stakeholder

Key areas of interest

How Origin engages

OUR EMPLOYEES

Origin directly employs 

approximately 6,900 people  

plus several thousand contractors,  

the majority of which are based  

in Australia.

Our commitment 

Create a rewarding workplace  

for our people by valuing everyone’s 

contribution, encouraging personal 

development, recognising good 

performance and fostering equality 

of opportunity.

Employees and contractors place  

a high value on health and safety,  

and the promotion of behaviour  

that aligns with Our Compass  

and Code of Conduct. 

Employees require an inclusive 

workplace, fair and equitable 

remuneration, recognition of good 

performance, career development 

and training to encourage personal 

development. 

Unions are represented at some  

of our operations and are focused 

on workers’ rights and wages, 

collective bargaining, health  

and safety and working hours  

and rosters.

Employee engagement is outlined 

on page 58 of this report.

Face-to-face communication with our employees includes toolbox  

talks and visits from senior leaders. A twice yearly formal performance 

management process for all employees ensures roles are clear,  

skills are developed and opportunities provided.

We also talk to employees and hear feedback via twice yearly  

employee roadshows with the Managing Director or other members  

of the Executive Management Team; employee roadshows at the Business 

Unit level; as well as senior leadership and Business Unit team meetings 

and conferences; a company-wide intranet; and operation-specific 

newsletters, and announcements.

We conduct engagement surveys to understand the views  

of our employees. Engagement is one of five measures monitored  

to drive continued improvement in Origin’s performance.

OUR INVESTORS

Our investment community 

incorporates retail shareholders, 

institutional investors, debt 

providers, credit reporting 

agencies and analysts including 

Environment, Social and 

Governance (ESG) advisers  

all of whom rely on material 

information to make informed 

decisions on Origin’s current  

and future performance.

Our commitment 

Deliver market-leading performance 

for shareholders by identifying, 

developing, operating and growing 

value-creating businesses.

The investment community  

measures how Origin is delivering 

shareholder value.

Investors are interested in  

the financial and non-financial 

performance of the Company  

and how we identify, manage  

and mitigate risks across the  

business to deliver sustainable 

shareholder value. 

Non-financial metrics include 

environmental, social, governance  

and climate change/carbon 

management.

It is therefore important for  

our investors to be reassured  

that decisions are reached through 

sound leadership and governance. 

Origin’s financial performance, 

together with corporate governance, 

is outlined on pages 51 and 53.

We engage with investors through a number of channels. Material price 

sensitive information is distributed via the ASX. Shareholders also have  

an opportunity to engage with the Company at our Annual General 

Meeting held each year after the release of full year results. 

The Company has a dedicated investor relations team to facilitate 

two-way communication with institutional investors and analysts.  

We conduct analyst and investor briefings, domestic and international 

investor roadshows, respond to shareholder enquiries and give industry 

presentations. Corporate Affairs also directly participates in shareholder 

engagement, via reporting documents including the Annual Report and 

Sustainability Report. 

Origin’s website provides a list of key dates and all recent ASX 

announcements, as well as presentations and Company financial  

and non-financial reports. 

In addition, Origin participates in investor-focused external benchmarking 

including the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, FTSE4Good Index and  

CDP Climate Change as well as responding to queries and surveys  

issued by ESG analysts.

OUR BUSINESS PARTNERS

Origin has a number of  

joint venture and investment 

partners, both domestically and 

internationally. This stakeholder 

group also includes businesses 

which provide goods and services 

for our projects and operations.

Our commitment 

Respect the rights and interests  

of our business partners by working 

collaboratively to create valued  

and rewarding partnerships.

Business partners require an open 

and transparent relationship with 

Origin to assist joint ventures  

in delivering shareholder value.

Regular communication throughout daily operations, with additional 

engagement undertaken through formal meetings; representation  

on joint venture boards; and participation in operating committees. 

Origin’s Code of Conduct and Supplier Selection and Engagement 

Directive provide guidance on fair and ethical dealings with suppliers.

15

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

ENGAGING WITH OUR STAKEHOLDERS




WE HELP  

BENJI AND 

SAM STAY 

COMFY

We’re providing  

gas to keep millions  

of families warm and  

cosy through winter.

16




Origin’s development of natural resources  

such as gas and renewables to meet the  

energy needs of society, typically require large 

scale, capital intensive projects. This brings  

us into contact with a variety of stakeholders, 

some of whom may be impacted by our 

development and others who may be able  

to share in the benefits. 

At the heart of our interactions with stakeholders 

are two of our company values – listening and 

learning. In this section of the report we discuss 

how we manage environmental, economic and 

social impacts and opportunities across our 

energy developments. 

LAND ACCESS AND COEXISTENCE

Why it is important

Natural resources such as gas often lie below 

the surface of the land. Where we do not own 

the land, we are required to negotiate access  

in order to develop those natural resources. 

Access to other people’s land may be required  

to accommodate infrastructure associated  

with our energy developments such as power 

stations, pipelines, wells and gas processing 

facilities. Land access can involve a range  

of landholders, who are often based in  

remote or regional areas, including private  

land owners, businesses, as well as local  

and state governments.

How we approach and build landholder 

relationships over time is important for  

our business. Our effective management  

of land access activities helps to maintain  

the ongoing confidence of both landholders  

and regulators throughout the life of our 

projects and operations. 

Currently, while Origin is required to access  

land to support many of its activities, the 

greatest requirements relate to the Australia 

Pacific LNG project, which is developing CSG 

resources for LNG export. Australia Pacific 

LNG’s land access activity is the primary  

focus of this section.

Managing land access and disturbance  

at Australia Pacific LNG 

Origin seeks to apply a fair, transparent  

and well-regulated process to our land access 

activities, aiming to provide our stakeholders 

with confidence that we will conduct ourselves 

with due care and that they will be fairly 

compensated for changes caused by  

our developments. 

We are required to comply with a range of laws, 

regulations, standards, codes of practice and 

guidelines when we access land for Australia 

Pacific LNG. 

Our formal process for managing access to  

and disturbance of land is Origin’s Disturbance 

Approvals Process. This process not only defines 

how we will meet our obligations under various 

laws, standards, codes of practice and guidelines 

– but also maintain respectful relationships with 

landholders when accessing land. Prior to the 

commencement of any project, we typically 

undertake consultation with landholders.

Our disturbance approvals are guided by safety, 

environmental and cultural heritage state 

legislation described in the Coordinator-

General Report, the Queensland Land Access 

Code 2010, and federal legislation including  

the Environment Protection and Biodiversity 

Conservation Act 1999 (Cth) and Native  

Title Act 1993. 

To help us build and maintain positive long- 

term working relationships with landholders,  

we assign a Landholder Relations Adviser (LRA) 

to all landholders. LRAs provide a single point  

of contact for the landholder for all land  

access related matters.

How the Disturbance  

Approval Process works

Scoping

LRAs develop Property 

Management Plans in 

consultation with landholders  

to identify considerations  

unique to each property.

Scouting

Site visits are used to verify  

any constraints identified  

during the scoping stage. 

Defining 

layout

We work with landholders to 

identify infrastructure locations 

and the supporting activities 

required for construction  

and operation.

Approval

The proposed layout of 

infrastructure is verified with  

the landholder, and compliance 

with relevant policies, 

regulations and codes  

of practice confirmed.

As the leading Australian integrated energy 

company, we are constantly working to deliver 

today’s energy needs and searching and innovating  

to create tomorrow’s energy solutions.



LAND ACCESS  

AND COEXISTENCE 

AT A GLANCE

OUR PURPOSE

Establish strong landholder 

relationships built on trust and 

mutual respect to support project 

delivery and operations.

Laws and regulations

Our development activities  

at Australia Pacific LNG follow  

the Queensland Government’s 

Land Access Code plus many  

other regulations.

Our additional actions

Origin, on behalf of Australia 

Pacific LNG, works with 

landholders to develop specific 

Property Management Plans which 

identify considerations unique  

to each landholder’s property.

Our approach

We follow a rigorous, formal 

process from pre-planning 

through to post-activity  

land rehabilitation.

Our performance

During the 2015 financial year,  

we signed 59 compensation 

agreements and completed our 

land access activities for Phase 1  

of the Australia Pacific LNG 

project. Origin also signed  

10 compensation access 

agreements for its Halladale  

and Speculant project. 

ENERGY 

DEVELOPMENTS

17

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

ENERGY DEVELOPMENTS


We typically write our agreements in plain 

English; outline how we are to access land during 

development; how we conduct ourselves and  

our business; and how the landholder is to be 

compensated. We give landholders sufficient time 

to consider our plans, provide feedback and obtain 

legal advice and negotiate their agreements. 

Once these steps have been completed, the 

relationship is formalised through an agreement 

such as a Conduct and Compensation Agreement. 

Land access progress  

at Australia Pacific LNG

In the 2015 financial year, Origin negotiated  

and signed 59 compensation agreements with 

landholders. These compensation agreements 

secured access to 181 development well sites 

and 27 sites for exploration and appraisal 

activities, as well as six groundwater  

monitoring bores. 

During the period, no land access agreements 

were concluded through alternative dispute 

resolution mechanisms or court resolution. 

At the end of the 2015 financial year, 

compensation agreements were in place  

for 977 wells to support Phase 1 of the 

Australia Pacific LNG development, completing 

requirements to negotiate access to land for 

this part of the project . Each year, we will 

require access to land for new gas wells and 

associated infrastructure to sustain gas 

production over time.

The Australia Pacific LNG project is now  

in the process of transitioning from 

construction to operations. 



Origin holds a 37.5 per cent  

interest in Australia Pacific LNG, 

which along with its partners 

ConocoPhillips (37.5 per cent)  

and Sinopec (25 per cent),  

is developing Australia’s largest  

CSG to LNG project, based  

on nameplate capacity. 

Located in Queensland and having  

the largest 2P CSG reserves position in 

Australia(1), the Australia Pacific LNG project 

will play an important role in delivering  

a cleaner source of energy to help meet 

growing demand for natural gas in Asia. 

The Australia Pacific LNG export project is  

a two train project with a nameplate capacity 

of 9 million tonnes per annum of LNG. 

Australia Pacific LNG has committed  

LNG offtake agreements for approximately  

20 years with Sinopec for approximately  

7.6 million tonnes per annum and with Kansai 

Electric for approximately 1 million tonnes 

per annum.

Australia Pacific LNG continues to make 

good progress on the delivery of the  

CSG to LNG project and was 97 per cent 

complete on the Upstream and 92 per cent 

on the Downstream parts of the project as 

at 30 June 2015. At the end of the reporting 

period, $25 billion(2) had been spent. 

Sustained production of LNG from Train 1  

is expected to be achieved from the second 

quarter of the 2016 financial year and from 

Train 2 approximately six months later. 

At 30 June 2015, Australia Pacific LNG  

had 13,778 PJe of 2P CSG(3) reserves, which 

is more than sufficient to support domestic 

and LNG contracts.



DELIVERING  

AUSTRALIA PACIFIC LNG

(1) Energy Quest May 2015

(2) Includes an unfavourable foreign 

exchange translation impact of  

A$362 million relative to project  

cost estimates announced in  

February 2013, which were based on  

31 December 2012 exchange rates. 

(3) At 30 June 2015. For further 

information refer to Origin’s Annual 

Reserves Report for the year ended  

30 June 2015, announced on  

31 July 2015. Also refer to the 

Important Information on reserves  

and resources disclosures on  

page 68 of this report. 

ABOVE  

Australia Pacific LNG project  

is nearing completion.



The Australia Pacific 

LNG project will play 

an important role in 

delivering a cleaner 

source of energy to 

help meet growing 

demand for natural  

gas in Asia.

18

ENERGY DEVELOPMENTS


Additional land access activities 

Outside of Australia Pacific LNG, our most 

significant project requiring land access during 

the 2015 financial year was the Halladale and 

Speculant project in Victoria. This is an onshore 

drilling program to extract gas from offshore 

gas reservoirs and explore the Speculant 

prospect. Construction of a new 33-kilometre 

pipeline is expected to commence in late 2015 

to transport the gas to the existing Otway Gas 

Plant for processing. While we have existing 

pipeline easements with landholders, we are 

required to negotiate new easements for the 

remaining section of the pipeline, and engage 

with landholders to access our current 

easement agreements. 

We must also negotiate Conduct and 

Compensation Agreements with landholders  

to ensure they are adequately compensated  

for disturbance and the impact on their  

business activities while we install the  

pipeline. During the period, 10 compensation 

agreements were concluded for the Halladale 

and Speculant project. All land access and 

compensation agreements were concluded 

through negotiation. 

Managing landholder complaints 

Australia Pacific LNG 

Our LRAs, together with our Regional 

Community Relations staff, seek to manage 

complaints in accordance with our Complaints 

Management Plan.

In the 2015 financial year, we received  

112 landholder complaints relating to  

Australia Pacific LNG activities. Complaints  

were predominantly related to concerns about 

workforce behaviour (e.g. failure to close private 

property gates and use nominated property 

access routes), noise, dust, as well as traffic  

and transport. We have undertaken a variety  

of measures to address these complaints 

including dust suppression activities and noise 

mitigation plans. We have also strengthened our 

commitment to land access codes by insisting 

that contractors and staff demonstrate 

diligence in closing gates and observing 

property access routes. 

Halladale and Speculant project 

There were no complaints from landholders  

in association with the new pipeline during  

the 2015 financial year.

Indigenous Land Use Agreements and 

Cultural Heritage Management Plans

Australia Pacific LNG 

All of the Indigenous Land Use Agreements 

(ILUA) for the main pipeline and gas fields are 

complete. At the end of the 2015 financial  

year there were eight registered ILUAs and  

four Rights To Negotiate agreements in place,  

one of which was agreed and registered during 

the reporting period. We are committed to 

continued engagement with Aboriginal and 

Torres Strait Islander communities.

Our Cultural Heritage Management Plans  

set out processes to manage and protect 

cultural heritage. These plans include  

a communication protocol, management 

structure and survey process to ensure cultural 

heritage is protected. We have nine Cultural 

Heritage Management Plans in place and these 

are being implemented across the Australia 

Pacific LNG project. During the 2015 financial 

year, there were no recorded breaches to our 

Cultural Heritage Management Plans. 

Halladale and Speculant project 

At the end of the 2015 financial year, there 

were two Cultural Heritage Management Plans 

in place at our Halladale and Speculant project. 

No breaches to these Plans were recorded 

during the period. 



Extensive planning and stakeholder 

engagement helped us to minimise 

the social and environmental impacts 

of our Halladale and Speculant 

drilling campaign in Victoria.

We are aware of the potential for our  

assets and developments to impact on the 

environment and communities. Ahead of the 

Halladale and Speculant drilling, we engaged 

extensively with local stakeholders and put 

strategies into place to reduce our impacts. 

The use of extended reach drilling to access 

offshore reservoirs played a key role in 

minimising our impact on the terrestrial  

and aquatic environments and ensured  

there was no direct interference with the 

adjacent Bay of Islands Coastal Park. 

With the well site situated 3 kilometres  

from the Great Ocean Road, and occupying 

dairy farming country, we commissioned  

a report by the Vet Group (a group of local 

experienced veterinarians) to explore the 

effects of gas flaring on animal behaviours, 

milk production, somatic cell count, and farm 

management. The study examined six dairy 

operations in close vicinity to the well site 

and advised on strategies to minimise any 

potential negative impact on animal health 

and production in the weeks leading up  

to the flare event, as well as during and  

post the event. The report found there  

was no observable or measurable effect  

on animal behaviour, farm management 

practices, milk production or somatic  

cell count data during and after the  

flaring events. 



WORKING TOGETHER  

TO MINIMISE OUR IMPACT 

ABOVE  

Origin’s Halladale and Speculant project in Victoria.

19

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

ENERGY DEVELOPMENTS


WATER MANAGEMENT

Why it is important

Effective and responsible management of water 

is important for our business, the community 

and the environments in which we operate.  

We come into contact with water in many  

of our activities, including gas production  

and power generation, and we understand  

that how we use, re-use or dispose of water  

is of considerable interest to a wide variety  

of stakeholders. 

Water management is a key issue at two  

assets, the Australia Pacific LNG project for 

which Origin is Upstream operator, and the 

Eraring Power Station. The two business 

activities are described separately below. 

In the 2015 financial year, the total volume  

of water withdrawn across Origin’s activities 

increased by approximately six per cent to 

2,588,958 ML(1). The majority (99 per cent)  

of water withdrawn(2) related to our activities  

at the Eraring Power Station, with most  

of this water returned to Lake Macquarie. 

The majority of the remaining water is produced 

water withdrawn by Australia Pacific LNG,  

which totalled 16,760 ML in the 2015 financial  

year. Of this, approximately 87 per cent was 

converted to clean water for beneficial use. 

Water at Australia Pacific LNG

Approach to CSG water management

Origin’s CSG water management programs  

take into account legislative requirements  

and conditions specified in our permits and 

agreements with stakeholders. We endeavour 

to minimise our reliance on external water 

resources and maximise the treated water  

we can provide for use by others. 

We regularly engage with stakeholders, including 

governments and scientific organisations such 

as CSIRO and Gas Industry Social &amp; Environmental 

Research Alliance (GISERA), as we implement 

ongoing research and monitoring programs  

to quantify and predict the potential impacts, 

risks and benefits arising from our water use. 

As the Upstream operator, we manage water  

at Australia Pacific LNG by:

 

—

studying and monitoring underground 

water systems;

 

—

drilling wells which extract water and gas 

from coal seams;

 

—

pumping extracted water, which is typically 

brackish, up the wells and via gathering 

pipelines to water treatment facilities;

 

—

treating the extracted water at water 

treatment facilities to remove the salt and 

purify it to potable quality or as applicable 

to the required quality for end use; and

 

—

providing the majority of the treated  

water for beneficial use.

Extracting water and gas  

from the coal seams

The production of CSG requires the lowering  

of water pressure within the coal seams through 

the extraction of some groundwater to allow 

gas to flow to the surface. 

In the 2015 financial year, produced water 

increased by 150 per cent to 16,760 ML, 

reflecting higher CSG water production 

associated with the commencement  

of all Australia Pacific LNG’s Phase 1 

development wells. 

Drilling wells 

To extract gas, we use wells that are encased  

in steel and sealed with cement to prevent any 

water and CSG from entering the surrounding 

rock formations and mixing with aquifers. 

Our Well Integrity Management Plan prescribes 

the monitoring and maintenance required to 

provide assurance that wellbores comply with 

the Queensland Government Code of Practice. 

Our well construction, design and operations 

are also mandated with this Code of Practice. 

Hydraulic fracture stimulation, or fraccing,  

is a process that is applied to some, but not  

all CSG wells. It has been used safely around  

the world for several decades. Hydraulic 

fracturing involves pumping a fluid mixture  

of predominantly water and sand under 

pressure through the wells to open existing 

rock, to improve the flow of gas to the  

surface. The additives used in fracturing  

fluids are regulated by the Queensland 

Government and are listed on the Australia 

Pacific LNG website. 

In the 2015 financial year, 37 wells  

or approximately 10 per cent of all wells  

drilled required hydraulic fracturing. 

Monitoring underground water systems

Our knowledge of hydrogeology is continually 

being updated through the drilling of new  

water bores and CSG wells; geological analysis 

of information obtained from this drilling,  

the establishment of monitoring wells  

and monitoring systems, and the analysis  

of groundwater pressure and water quality  

data collected by these systems. 

There are currently more than 127 monitoring 

points installed by Origin as part of Australia 

Pacific LNG. 

Make Good agreements

CSG related water extraction is generally  

not expected to significantly impact farm 

groundwater supplies. However, in some  

cases CSG activity could affect bore water  

levels in specific locations. Where reduced 

groundwater availability is identified as a result 

of CSG production, we are required to make 

good any impacts. 

The Surat Underground Water Impact  

Report initially identified 40 bores for Make 

Good agreements with Australia Pacific LNG.  

As we progress through ongoing operations  

and assessments, bores may be added or 

removed from the Make Good agreements 

assessment list. 

At 30 June 2015, there were 47 bores 

confirmed or under assessment for Make  

Good agreements amongst 28 landholders  

in association with Australia Pacific LNG.  

As at 30 June 2015, 13 Make Good agreements 

had been signed by Australia Pacific LNG and  

15 were the subject of ongoing negotiations  

with landholders. 

(1) Excluding LPG.

(2) This includes surface, groundwater, rain, 

third party waste and Municipal water.



WATER MANAGEMENT  

AT A GLANCE

OUR PURPOSE

Manage our impacts on water 

resources to ensure water  

security for our business and  

other water users. 

Laws and regulations

Water management is governed 

by extensive federal and state  

laws and regulations including  

the Environment Protection and 

Biodiversity Conservation Act  

1999 (Cth) and Queensland’s  

CSG Water Management Policy 

and Water Act 2000. 

Water use is governed by various 

state licences.

Our additional actions

Origin has constructed an 

integrated water distribution 

system at Fairymeadow  

Road, Queensland, delivering 

8,160 ML of treated CSG water  

to landholders this year.

The first operational aquifer 

injection schemes by the CSG 

industry have been developed  

by Origin at two sites to help 

replenish the Great Artesian  

Basin reserves. 

Our approach

Our water management  

program is governed by strict 

conditions imposed by law, and  

we make additional commitments 

as outlined in Origin’s Water 

Management Directive.

Our performance

In the 2015 financial year, the 

total volume of water withdrawn 

across Origin’s activities increased 

by approximately 6 per cent  

to 2,588,958 ML(1).

20

ENERGY DEVELOPMENTS




A key element of success for this project has 

been close engagement with landholders to 

secure pipeline licences, gain access to land and 

provide irrigation quality water while completing 

complex tasks in parallel. By spending time with 

the local landholders and listening to what they 

wanted, we have delivered a very positive 

outcome for the local community.

Launched in April 2014, the Fairymeadow Road 

Irrigation Pipeline scheme has been developed 

to maximise the beneficial use of the treated 

water produced from Australia Pacific LNG’s 

Condabri and Talinga gas facilities over the  

next 15 to 20 years. 

The project, delivered by Origin on behalf of 

Australia Pacific LNG, involved the construction 

of a 1,873 ML irrigation storage dam located  

on Origin’s Monreagh property, a pump station 

located at the dam, a 22-kilometre pipeline along 

Fairymeadow Road, and offtake points for each 

of the seven participating landholders. 

CSG water is treated to Australian irrigation 

standards at the Condabri and Talinga Water 

Treatment Facilities via reverse osmosis.  

The water is then distributed through  

the pipeline that runs along Fairymeadow 

Road, and is either provided to landholders, 

or sent to the Monreagh Dam, which 

provides a buffer to balance the water 

production and landholder demand. 

The scheme is a practical application  

of the Queensland Government’s Coal  

Seam Gas Water Management Policy (2012) 

which requires CSG companies to find 

beneficial uses for treated CSG water,  

and demonstrates how the agricultural  

and resources industries can work together  

to develop shared benefits. 

Australia Pacific LNG’s innovative 

Water to Landholders project  

is delivering high-quality, treated 

CSG water to participating farmers 

via a purpose-built pipeline along 

Fairymeadow Road, near Miles  

in Queensland. 



INNOVATIVE PROJECT SHARES  

TREATED CSG WATER WITH LANDHOLDERS

DISCOVER  

MORE  

ONLINE

ABOVE  

Miles landholder Ash Geldard,  

is part of Australia Pacific LNG’s  

Water to Landholders project. 

21

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

ENERGY DEVELOPMENTS


Treating CSG water

CSG water naturally contains high salt  

levels, which generally means that it needs  

to be treated before it can be considered  

for other uses. 

Origin has installed a combined CSG water 

treatment capacity of 112 ML per day across 

four water treatment facilities. The water sent  

is treated via filtration and Reverse Osmosis  

(RO) to remove dissolved salts and impurities. 

The treatment process has a capacity to convert 

approximately 87 per cent of produced water  

to clean water which is suitable for a range  

of beneficial uses by others. The remaining 

portion, which contains the removed salts,  

is directed to brine ponds. 

Of the 16,760 ML of produced water withdrawn 

during the period, approximately 14,581 ML  

or 87 per cent was converted to clean water  

for beneficial use. 

Water for beneficial use 

We consult with local communities and 

government to determine the preferred  

uses for treated water. In March 2014,  

we constructed the Fairymeadow Road 

Irrigation Pipeline Scheme to provide  

treated water from the Talinga and Condabri 

water treatment facilities to landholders  

to supplement both existing and new  

irrigation and stock watering.

During the reporting period, river releases 

decreased while other uses, including irrigation 

and aquifer injection, substantially increased. 

Water to landholders

The Fairymeadow Road Irrigation Pipeline 

Scheme provides irrigation water to seven 

participating landholders along Fairymeadow 

Road. In the 2015 financial year, the scheme 

applied 8,160 ML of CSG water to landholders. 

Our Water to Landholders program is outlined 

further on page 21 of this report.

Aquifer injection

In western Queensland, there has been some 

groundwater decline over the past 100 years  

as water has been withdrawn to support towns 

and sustain industry and business. Aquifer 

injection offers the potential to replenish 

depleted aquifers using treated water. 

During the 2015 financial year, Australia Pacific 

LNG’s aquifer injection schemes at Reedy Creek 

and Spring Gully commenced operation with  

a combined injection capacity of 48.1 ML per 

day. In the 2015 financial year, the volume of 

CSG water used for aquifer injection increased 

significantly to 1,808 ML as the program 

transitioned from trial to production. 

The aquifer injection programs developed  

by Origin are the first within the CSG industry  

in Queensland. The Reedy Creek aquifer 

injection scheme is currently the largest  

treated water managed aquifer recharge 

scheme in Australia, with design capacity  

to replenish the aquifer with 40 ML  

of treated CSG water per day.

River releases

We currently have regulatory approval for 

releases of treated water to rivers. We are 

required to monitor sections around our release 

points along the rivers, and identify and describe 

the extent of any adverse environmental 

impacts on the local environmental values 

associated with our activities. 

In the 2015 financial year, releases to rivers 

decreased 61 per cent to 476 ML, reflecting  

the increase in the delivery of treated water  

to beneficial uses such as irrigation. 

Brine management

The salts which are removed during the  

RO process are captured within a brine waste 

stream, which is sent to specifically designed  

and lined brine ponds to undergo further 

evaporation and concentration. The base  

case for the management of brine generated 

from our water treatment process, as identified 

in Australia Pacific LNG’s approved Environmental 

Impact Statement, is the crystallisation  

of salts and disposal of the salt in a suitably 

designed landfill which is managed under  

strict regulations. 

As we develop our long-term Brine Management 

Strategy, we manage our brine ponds and pond 

development to ensure Australia Pacific LNG 

has adequate capacity to meet its ongoing 

production needs. 

Water for our power generation activities

Water is used in the operation of Origin’s coal 

and gas-fired power plants. 

The black coal-fired Eraring Power Station in 

New South Wales uses the vast majority of our 

water in this part of the business. The extraction 

of water to support power generation activities 

is regulated by operating licences. 

At Eraring, water is managed in accordance  

with a documented Water Management Plan. 

The power station uses water for operations, 

fire services and domestic use, and utilises water 

from Lake Macquarie for cooling. Following  

its use, this water is returned to Lake Macquarie 

with minimal evaporative losses. The location  

of the power station on the shores of Lake 

Macquarie and its design becomes particularly 

important during periods of water scarcity. 

Eraring has a comparatively lower impact  

on the local water supplies compared with 

power stations reliant on other municipal  

water supplies. 

Eraring Power Station 

In the 2015 financial year, the total volume  

of surface water used by the Eraring Power 

Station for cooling purposes increased by  

4.9 per cent to 2,568,737 ML, which is directly 

attributable to an increase in power generation. 

For the 2015 financial year, the Eraring Power 

Station generated 13,320 GWh of electricity, 

which represented a 17 per cent increase  

on the previous financial year. 

Our licence conditions permit the return  

of a maximum of 11,000 ML of salt water  

per day to Myuna Bay in Lake Macquarie via  

the outlet canal, with a maximum temperature 

of 37.5 degrees Celsius. In the 2015 financial 

year, we operated within this temperature limit 

every day of the period and returned an average 

of 7,018 ML per day, up from an average of  

6, 684 ML per day in the prior year.

(1) This chart excludes water held  

in storage and water used  

for construction. 



In the 2015  

financial year,  

the Fairymeadow 

Road Irrigation 

Pipeline Scheme 

supplied 8,160 ML 

of CSG water  

to landholders.

CSG WATER MANAGEMENT (ML)(1)

589

145

1,961

2,927

53

1,224

8,160

1,808

476

Irrigation

Aquifer

reinjection

River

releases

FY13

FY14

FY15

FY13

FY14

FY15

FY13

FY14

FY15

22

ENERGY DEVELOPMENTS


IMPACT ON COMMUNITIES

Why we must manage our impact

Our operations involve construction and 

operation of large-scale infrastructure such  

as power stations, gas processing facilities, 

pipelines as well as smaller scale infrastructure 

such as CSG gas wells. This infrastructure  

is typically located in rural and regional  

areas with varying degrees of impact on  

local communities. The life of energy assets  

can be several decades, so we have a long  

term presence in the communities in which  

we operate.

We respect the rights and interests of 

communities by listening to people to understand 

their feedback and concerns about our activities. 

We seek to respond to identified community 

needs and invest in measures to alleviate the 

environmental, economic and social impacts  

of our operations. Our Community Directive 

guides how we do this. 

When we are involved in large, capital-intensive 

energy projects, such as the Australia Pacific 

LNG project, people living near our operations 

can be affected by increased traffic, noise  

and dust. They may also be affected by 

socio-economic factors, such as increased 

housing costs and competition for labour. 

Origin’s challenge is to manage these impacts 

effectively, through proactive, collaborative 

action with communities. 

Managing project impacts  

on local communities

Australia Pacific LNG is the largest project  

in which we are currently involved, and also  

the project with the most significant impact  

on its neighbouring communities. Origin has  

a 37.5 per cent interest in Australia Pacific LNG 

and is the Upstream operator, responsible for 

development of the gas fields and the pipeline 

that connects the fields to Curtis Island,  

located off the coast of Gladstone. 

The management of impacts associated with 

this project is governed by a Social Impact 

Management Plan (SIMP), which identifies 

actions Australia Pacific LNG will undertake 

alone or in cooperation with its contractors  

and other stakeholders to mitigate negative 

social impacts arising from the project on the 

communities in which it operates. The SIMP 

provides for specific actions relating to housing, 

workforce training, community health and 

safety, as well as community investment,  

local content and land access. It is available  

to download from the Australia Pacific  

LNG website. 

At the end of the 2015 financial year, the 

Australia Pacific LNG project was transitioning 

from its construction phase to its operations  

phase, bringing with it changes to the nature  

of these impacts. To understand these changes 

to impacts and identify opportunities to build 

capacity in the community during the transition 

of operations, we undertook targeted 

stakeholder engagement during the year.  

We will continue this engagement as we 

develop and implement our updated impact 

management and community development 

plans with a focus on local spend and 

employment opportunities. 

In the gas fields, three Regional Community 

Consultative Committees in Maranoa, Western 

Downs and Banana Shire provide forums where 

we engage with local communities. Established 

in 2011, they regularly meet with community 

representatives to discuss current challenges, 

and what can be done to address them.  

These forums will continue to provide us  

with important feedback as the project 

transitions to operations.

We hold regular meetings with local 

governments, government departments  

and community organisations, attend 

community events and functions, and  

advertise in local media outlets to provide 

communities with information about, and  

to seek feedback on, our activities. 

We also continue to invest in research  

to better understand the impacts of the  

broader CSG industry through a $10 million 

commitment to GISERA, which Australia  

Pacific LNG established in 2011 with the  

CSIRO. In March 2014, QGC also joined the 

alliance. During the 2015 financial year, the 

socio-economic research team contributed  

to various peer review papers, and technical 

reports, covering issues around reversal  

of rural community decline, community 

resilience and community expectations  

of the industry. These papers are available  

at www.gisera.org.au.

Traffic and transport

Increased traffic and use of large transport 

vehicles on local roads continues to be one  

of the most visible impacts of the Australia  

Pacific LNG project. While our presence on 

local roads reduces as the project transitions 

from construction to operations, road safety 

remains a high priority for the community.

We have implemented a range of road safety 

measures such as restrictions on vehicle speed 

limits, movements in peak periods including 

Christmas, and in-vehicle monitoring systems. 

We have also invested in road infrastructure  

to upgrade busy roads and repair any damage 

caused by traffic increases. 

We have also contributed to a CSG industry 

Logistics Safety Code of Practice, and our Land 

Transport Directive puts in place measures  

for employees, contractors and suppliers  

to minimise the risk of traffic incidents.

In the 2015 financial year, we launched  

a driving simulator to build the confidence and 

competency of local drivers behind the wheel. 

The Road Safety program is in partnership with 

the Queensland Police-Citizens Youth Welfare 

Association. The mobile program operates 

throughout the Darling Downs and Surat Basin 

region, based out of Police Citizens Youth Clubs 

(PCYC) in Roma, Dalby, Toowoomba and Biloela. 

Four state-of-the-art driving simulators are 

permanently stationed at the PCYC centres. 



IMPACT ON 

COMMUNITIES 

AT A GLANCE

OUR PURPOSE

Minimise our impact on 

communities in association with 

the Australia Pacific LNG project. 

Laws and regulations

The Queensland Coordinator-

General approved Australia Pacific 

LNG’s Environmental Impact 

Statement and Social Impact 

Management Plan with strict 

conditions and these form the 

basis of our approach. 

Our additional actions

With the CSIRO we established 

GISERA, a major research alliance 

which studies the socio-economic 

impacts associated with the  

CSG industry. 

Our approach

We follow a rigorous process 

outlined in our Community 

Directive which includes 

community engagement,  

impact assessment, mitigation 

strategies and ongoing 

monitoring and reporting. 

Our performance

In the 2015 financial year,  

we launched a driving simulator 

– Road Safety program in 

partnership with the Queensland 

Police-Citizens Youth Welfare 

Association, and completed the 

development of our second 

affordable housing project  

in Roma.

23

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

ENERGY DEVELOPMENTS


Housing affordability

Australia Pacific LNG’s housing strategy  

has targeted population centres near our  

gas fields, providing funding towards private 

housing market development and affordable 

housing programs. 

While the composition of our workforce  

at the Australia Pacific LNG Upstream project  

is changing, housing affordability still affects 

many regional areas in which we operate. 

During the 2015 financial year, we completed 

the development of our second affordable 

housing project. Located in Roma, the housing 

was built in partnership with Horizon Housing 

and Maranoa Regional Council. A total of  

10 new two and three bedroom townhouses  

will help increase the availability of quality 

affordable housing in the Western Downs  

and Maranoa regions.

In February 2015, we also formalised  

an agreement with Horizon Housing  

to invest up to $2 million to purchase  

existing dwellings in Miles to rent affordably.  

This initiative completes our investment  

in affordable housing for the construction  

phase of the Australia Pacific LNG project. 

Managing community impacts  

across our generation portfolio

Origin has assessed the potential for our  

power generation fleet to impact on the 

communities in which they operate. Four  

of our power stations have the potential  

to significantly impact the community,  

for varying reasons.

At 2,880 MW, Eraring Power Station in  

New South Wales is both Origin’s and Australia’s 

largest power station. Eraring plays a critical  

role in providing a reliable and secure supply  

of electricity to the people of the state. 

Potential impacts on the community arising 

from the power station include visual amenity, 

dust from the black coal which fuels the  

power station and water quality.

The Eraring Power Station Community  

Forum was established in December 2002  

to provide a platform for dialogue with 

community representatives. 

The role of the Eraring Power Station 

Community Forum is to:

 

—

enhance communication between  

Origin and the local community;

 

—

enhance Origin’s understanding  

of community issues in relation to  

Eraring Power Station as they arise;

 

—

enhance stakeholder and community 

understanding of Origin and Eraring  

Power Station; and

 

—

provide a forum through which stakeholder 

and community input into proposed 

community development activities  

can be sought.

Origin is also a member of the Lake Macquarie 

City Council Coastal and Estuary Management 

Committee and the Lake Macquarie City 

Council Air Quality Reference Group.

Managing community complaints 

Across Origin, we seek to actively monitor 

feedback from the community and provide 

formal mechanisms for recording and 

responding to complaints. The majority  

of community complaints received by Origin 

relate to the Australia Pacific LNG project.

In the 2015 financial year, Australia Pacific  

LNG received 131 complaints from the 

community in relation to its gas field activities. 

Complaints were predominantly related to 

concerns about workforce behaviour, traffic  

and transport, local content, dust and noise. 

There has been a steady decline in the receipt  

of complaints compared to previous periods, 

which is consistent with the Australia Pacific 

LNG project moving from construction to 

operations. In particular, traffic and transport 

complaints have reduced significantly, 

highlighting our reduced presence  

on local roads. 

Complaints are typically managed in line  

with our internal grievance procedures. At the 

end of the 2015 financial year, there were five 

complaints relating to Australia Pacific LNG;  

and two complaints relating to our Energy 

Markets business which are pending resolution. 

Across our other Integrated Gas projects  

all complaints were resolved.

RIGHT  

A mix of two and three bedroom 

townhouses was funded by Australia  

Pacific LNG in partnership with Maranoa 

Regional Council and non-for-profit  

housing provider Horizon Housing.

COMMUNITY COMPLAINTS RECEIVED

195

131

67

25

7

11

FY14

FY15

FY14

FY15

FY14

FY15

Australia

Paciﬁc 

LNG

Other

Integrated

Gas projects

Energy

Markets



24

ENERGY DEVELOPMENTS


SHARING ECONOMIC BENEFITS

Creating economic value for communities

When we build and operate our facilities  

we create economic value. Our energy 

developments often require significant capital 

expenditure with local, regional and national 

communities benefiting through:

 

—

procurement of goods and services  

from local suppliers when possible;

 

—

creation of employment opportunities;

 

—

investment in needed community 

infrastructure and services; and

 

—

payment of taxes and royalties.

Origin’s approach to distributing economic 

benefits to local communities is outlined  

in our Community Directive. We aim to  

take a sustainable and long-term approach  

to providing value to local communities,  

by ensuring that the regions in which we 

operate can sustain themselves as well  

as our operations during and after the 

development of every project.

We endeavour to tailor our activities  

to the specific needs and aspirations  

of the communities in which we operate.  

In our experience, local businesses and  

other community members are keen  

to participate in our projects through 

employment or as suppliers of goods  

and services. While we strive to meet  

these aspirations, we also recognise that 

businesses in small, regional communities 

cannot always meet the demands  

of large-scale energy projects. 

The Australia Pacific LNG project is the largest 

project in which we are currently involved,  

and creates significant economic benefits  

at a regional, state and national level.

Procuring local goods and services

The Australia Pacific LNG project’s Local 

Content Policy and associated strategy  

outlines how we provide opportunities for  

local businesses to participate in the project. 

The strategy includes training and development 

initiatives to build capacity in local businesses,  

as well as our Regional Buy Program. Australia 

Pacific LNG employs a dedicated team to 

implement its Local Content Strategy.

During the period, more than 360 suppliers 

attended our Regional Buy Program workshops 

in the Surat Basin. Regional suppliers are  

a defined group within our Local Content  

Policy and require additional support to  

ensure inclusion in commercial opportunities, 

and competitiveness in providing goods  

and services. Our dedicated team also  

helps suppliers to identify and capitalise  

on regional buy opportunities associated  

with the operational and maintenance 

requirements of the project.

Since 2011, Australia Pacific LNG has  

referred businesses to Queensland’s 

Department of State Development, 

Infrastructure and Planning for business 

diagnostics and development. This has  

enabled local businesses to develop skills  

and become pre-qualified for our project,  

as well as other projects in the region.  

As Australia Pacific LNG transitions  

to the operations phase, the team  

will continue building local capability  

through collaboration with state  

and local governments.

At the end of the 2015 financial year, 

expenditure on Australia Pacific LNG had 

reached $25.0 billion(1). A significant proportion  

of Australia Pacific LNG expenditure has been 

incurred on goods and services in Australia.

Encouraging local employment

Origin, as the gas fields and pipeline operator  

for Australia Pacific LNG, is a major regional 

employer. At the end of the period, Origin 

employed 736 workers at the Australia Pacific 

LNG project, which remained stable on the 

prior period(2). 

Through the Surat Basin Live Local financial 

incentive, Origin and Australia Pacific LNG  

also encourages permanent employees to 

relocate to the region. At the end of the period, 

283 Origin employees lived in the region,  

an increase of 12 per cent on the prior period. 

Increasing Indigenous participation  

in our business

During the period, we introduced a number  

of initiatives to increase Indigenous participation 

in our business. Through our support of the 

Thornhill Indigenous Training Centre and 

partnership with Many Rivers, we have focused 

on supporting Aboriginal and Torres Strait 

Islander peoples’ access to skills, training  

and small business development. 

Community investment 

In the 2015 financial year, Origin invested  

$8.9 million in the communities in which  

it operates. A total of $8.4 million(3) related  

to expenditure at Australia Pacific LNG. 

Community investment initiatives  

at Australia Pacific LNG

For Australia Pacific LNG, our regional 

community investment programs are designed 

to support sustainable population growth,  

the development of skills, education and 

training, community safety and wellbeing,  

and natural resource stewardship. 

Since commencement of the project, Origin,  

as the Upstream operator of Australia Pacific 

LNG, has spent $18.3 million on community 

investment. The types of community investment 

are illustrated in the adjacent chart. 

During the period, we also committed to new 

programs in the areas of emergency services 

and Indigenous training as follows: 

 

—

Queensland Fire and Emergency Services 

(QFES) provides important emergency 

services across the Surat Basin. Australia 

Pacific LNG partnered with QFES, 

contributing $663,700 for the purchase  

of defibrillators, slip on units, trailer units, 

lighting units and lighting trailers and 

distributed amongst the Rural Fire  

Service and the SES;

 

—

The Thornhill Indigenous Training  

Centre delivers CSG-LNG industry- 

focused training, including programs in 

camp management, hospitality, transport 

and security. Australia Pacific LNG has 

committed $482,000 to part fund an 

upgrade of the Centre. This upgrade will 

increase the capacity of the Centre, with 

15 per cent of placements reserved for 

Indigenous peoples from the Western 

Downs, Maranoa and Banana Shire  

over the next five years. 



SHARING ECONOMIC 

BENEFITS AT A GLANCE

OUR PURPOSE

Share economic value  

generated by our operations  

and developments. 

Laws and regulations

The Australia Pacific LNG 

Environment Impact Statement 

and Queensland Coordinator-

General’s report on the EIS  

guide how we create value  

from our activities. 

Our additional actions

We employ a dedicated Local 

Content Team and implement  

a Regional Buy Program. 

Our approach

A Local Content Strategy guides 

how we create opportunities for 

local businesses to participate in 

the Australia Pacific LNG project. 

Our performance

Since commencement of the 

Project, Origin as the Upstream 

operator of Australia Pacific  

LNG has spent $18.3 million  

on community investment. 

(1) Includes an unfavourable foreign exchange 

translation impact of A$362 million 

relative to project cost estimates 

announced in February 2013, which 

were based on 31 December 2012 

exchange rates and around  

$500 million of accrued expenses.

(2) Employee numbers for FY2014 

restated to 748.

(3) This is calculated as community 

investment including infrastructure 

investments and services supported, 

programs undertaken either as 

economic development or impact 

mitigation, in kind contributions  

or work undertaken pro bono in 

accordance with our Social Impact 

Management Plan.

(4) As at 30 June 2015.

AUSTRALIA PACIFIC LNG UPSTREAM 

COMMUNITY INVESTMENT  

$18.3 MILLION BY THEME(4) (%)

Sustainable population growth 

Skills, education and training 

Natural resource stewardship 

Community safety, 

health and wellbeing

20

60

2

18

25

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

ENERGY DEVELOPMENTS


Creating lasting value  

through regional investment

In the 2015 financial year, our long-running 

community investment programs and 

partnerships continued in the following areas:

 

—

Origin’s Community Skills Scholarships 

program has supported more than 157 

local apprentices by funding scholarships 

with a total value of up to $2 million,  

as at 30 June 2015;

 

—

Origin continued its work with the 

Queensland Government to support  

the Western Downs Regional Council  

to deliver the Miles water and sewerage 

treatment plant and network upgrade. 

Australia Pacific LNG contributed  

$1.4 million towards the $24.4 million 

upgrade, which became operational  

in 2015. Importantly, the project  

alleviates the pressure on the town’s 

treated drinking water supplies by  

providing additional capacity to meet 

population growth; 

 

—

Origin’s support for the Queensland  

CSG Industry Schools Program continued 

for its second year. The program is 

designed to raise the profile, awareness  

and participation in science, engineering; 

mathematics and technology among 

students in the Surat Basin. 

 

—

The Origin Schools program is open  

to students from state and independent 

schools throughout the Surat Basin,  

from Dalby to Roma and surrounding 

communities. The programs are delivered 

by approved third-party educational 

program providers and include the 

Wonders of Science program run  

by the Academy of Technology  

Sciences and Engineering, the Power  

of Engineering program run by Power  

of Engineering Inc.; the Try A Trade 

program run by Construction Skills 

Queensland and QMI Solutions;  

and Re-Engineering Australia’s F1  

in Schools Technology Challenge; 

 

—

The Health Research Partnership  

with the Wesley Research Institute  

and Australia Pacific LNG is a two-year 

research project. The institute conducts 

research into regional health issues  

to better inform private and public 

investment in health improvement 

initiatives. Origin, as the Upstream 

operator, has committed $500,000 

towards this initiative which is matched  

with funding from the Downstream 

operator, ConocoPhillips; and

 

—

Origin’s partnership with Many  

Rivers provides support for Local 

Traditional Owners and Indigenous 

Australians to develop their own business 

or entrepreneurial venture. Many Rivers  

is a not-for-profit organisation that offers 

local enterprise development, practical 

business support, and finance to support 

individuals and small start-up businesses. 

We have worked with the Department  

of State Development, Infrastructure  

and Planning to identify a number of 

businesses that are ready to harness  

the type of support offered by Many  

Rivers, to both the Indigenous and 

non-Indigenous communities in the 

Darling Downs. 



The partnership between Origin  

and Queensland Fire and Emergency 

Services ensures that rural fire 

fighters and volunteers on the front 

line are better equipped to protect 

communities for the long term.

Rural fire brigades and State Emergency 

Service groups across South West 

Queensland have been boosted by  

donations of equipment and improvements 

to infrastructure from Origin, on behalf  

of Australia Pacific LNG. This enables local 

brigades and Origin to better manage fire  

and hazard mitigation activities in areas  

that may affect our infrastructure, 

employees and the community. 

Australia Pacific LNG entered into  

a one-year sponsorship agreement  

of more than $660,000 to support 

community safety projects for the  

Rural Fire Service Queensland and SES  

in the South West Region in December 

2014. It will also include an update  

to the Chinchilla Airbase, providing  

a strategic base during times of natural 

disaster, with a rapid, cost effective  

and efficient air operation.

QFES Commissioner Katarina Carroll 

thanked Australia Pacific LNG for its support 

which has already delivered nine Automatic 

External Defibrillators to rural and auxiliary 

fire stations, in Chinchilla, Roma, Miles and 

Injune. In addition, 24 lightweight lighting 

units have been delivered to 12 SES groups 

and storage facility upgrades have been 

completed in Chinchilla, Miles and Tara  

to ensure SES volunteers can adequately 

maintain life-saving equipment.

“We’ve also seen 10 slip on and 10 trailer 

portable fire fighting units distributed to  

20 rural fire brigades across South West 

Queensland in recent months. These units 

will equip brigades for what is forecast  

to be a busy bushfire season.”



FIGHTING FIRES AND  

HAZARDS IN QUEENSLAND

ABOVE  

Origin, Manager Natural Resources, Scott Cawley  

with QFES Commissioner Katarina Carroll, Richard 

Schokman (QGC), Miles Fire Station captain Ray 

Duncombe (in fire truck) and Toowoomba Regional 

Communications Manager Gail Moran. 

26

ENERGY DEVELOPMENTS




Origin joins Western Downs 

Regional Council and the Queensland 

Government to provide the Miles 

community with robust, essential 

utilities infrastructure that will  

meet the needs of the township  

well into the future. 

Origin, together with the State Government, 

contributed funds to the Western Downs 

Regional Council’s Wastewater Treatment 

Plant project in Miles, which included a new 

$6.6 million reverse osmosis potable water 

treatment plant, recycling scheme, and 

utilities pipeline upgrades. 

The new pieces of infrastructure are 

designed to boost the overall capacity  

of the existing Miles treatment plant  

to ensure residents have a reliable and 

consistent supply of good quality drinking 

water. As part of the project, a recycled 

water scheme for open space irrigation will 

be developed, alleviating pressure on the 

town’s potable or treated drinking water 

supplies. Miles Golf Course will be the first 

beneficiary of the recycled waste water.

The capital works project in Miles  

is a significant and successful collaboration  

to deliver essential infrastructure for  

the local community, creating a strong  

and lasting outcome for the region.

Council Mayor Ray Brown welcomed the 

contribution when speaking with the ABC TV’s 

Landline program in June 2015, “What the  

CSG industry and the energy sector has done 

with Western Downs over the past two years  

is to upgrade the infrastructure that should 

have been upgraded over the past 50 years.

“So the last time we had major upgrades  

to our water and sewerage was actually after 

the Second World War. So we’ve renewed 

everything. So for the next 50 years, we’ve  

got a very good legacy ahead of us,” he said.



CONTRIBUTING  

TO THE COMMUNITY

ABOVE  

The town of Miles in Queensland, where 

Origin contributed to the upgrade of the 

water and sewerage network.

“What the CSG 

Industry and the 

energy sector has 

done with Western 

Downs over the 

past two years  

is to upgrade the 

infrastructure that 

should have been 

upgraded over the 

past 50 years.”

Ray Brown  

Western Downs  

Regional Council Mayor

27

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

ENERGY DEVELOPMENTS


BIODIVERSITY

Why it is important

At Origin, we take seriously our responsibility  

to manage the environment. We are committed 

to minimising the impact of our operations  

to the biodiversity of the areas in which  

we operate. Our development activities and 

operations span both marine and terrestrial 

environments across a wide geographical area, 

and therefore have the potential to impact  

a range of plants, animals, micro-organisms  

and their ecosystems. 

We seek to identify and assess biodiversity 

values and where impacts are likely, implement 

measures to mitigate them. The scale of the 

Australia Pacific LNG project has the greatest 

potential to impact biodiversity and is the 

primary focus of this section. 

Managing biodiversity impacts is important  

to many of our stakeholders, including state  

and federal governments, communities and 

conservation groups. Strict government 

regulations result in the thorough and 

transparent management of biodiversity. 

Our approach to managing biodiversity

Origin aims to identify potential biodiversity 

impacts and develop and implement mitigation 

measures or offsets to reduce biodiversity risks 

and where possible enhance biodiversity values. 

These measures include the protection of high 

biodiversity values and related potential impacts 

across marine and terrestrial environments.

Legislative requirements for managing 

biodiversity impacts vary between individual 

countries and states. In Australia, our approach 

to managing biodiversity has to comply with the 

requirements of the Environment Protection and 

Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 (Cth) as well 

as various state-based legislation. 

For the Australia Pacific LNG project we are 

required to obtain the necessary environment 

approvals. Our approval conditions require  

us to complete ecological and pre-clearance 

surveys for our proposed areas of disturbance. 

For those activities that potentially disturb 

threatened ecological communities and flora 

and fauna species listed under EPBC (Matters  

of National Environmental Significance) these 

survey reports are published on the Australia 

Pacific LNG website. 

Planned disturbance and reinstatement  

is detailed in the Plan of Operations for  

the Australia Pacific LNG operating areas.  

For the actual disturbed areas, our conditions  

of approval require reinstatement and 

rehabilitation(1) to an agreed land use.

Assessing and minimising  

biodiversity impacts

Our assessment process identifies whether 

biodiversity may be impacted or placed  

at risk by a specific project, site or activity. 

During this process we record:

 

—

legally protected or recognised areas  

and species;

 

—

species, ecosystems and natural areas  

with special conservation status, such as 

conservation-significant flora and fauna, 

and rare and threatened species listed 

regionally and nationally;

 

—

vegetation and habitat condition, fauna 

movement corridors and species diversity;

 

—

biodiversity considered to be of significant 

value; and

 

—

views of relevant external and internal 

stakeholders.

Once the biodiversity assessment is complete, 

site construction plans are developed to minimise 

our impact and avoid potential threats to the 

viability of species or communities. We undertake 

activities in a way that minimises habitat loss 

and/or degradation. We try to ensure there  

is no negative impact on biodiversity outside 

authorised activity areas, taking care to avoid 

introducing weeds and pests that may have  

an impact. If protected flora or fauna is located 

within an area of activity and disturbance is 

unavoidable, we implement where appropriate, 

programs to compensate for these impacts. 

Our 2015 performance

The Australia Pacific LNG project’s gas fields  

are located in Queensland’s Surat Basin on the 

Western Downs. The operational area of Phase 1 

of the project covers approximately 742,000 

hectares. The area is active with agriculture, 

mining and transport and includes a wide band 

of Acacia wooded grassland between coastal 

tropical rainforest and the semi-arid interior  

of Queensland. The clearing of remnant 

vegetation for wells and infrastructure and  

the associated impact on terrestrial vegetation 

and fauna species is the most significant 

biodiversity impact of the project. 

As the Upstream operator of Australia  

Pacific LNG, we implement threatened species 

management plans. These plans are available  

on the Australia Pacific LNG website.

In the 2015 financial year, there were no 

unauthorised disturbances in or adjacent to 

protected areas or areas of high conservation 

value outside of protected areas.

(1) Environment Protection and Biodiversity  

Conservation Act, 1999 (EPBC Act).



BIODIVERSITY  

AT A GLANCE

OUR PURPOSE

Manage, mitigate or offset  

adverse biodiversity impacts,  

and where possible enhance 

biodiversity values.

Laws and regulations

In Australia, biodiversity 

management is governed by  

the Environment Protection and 

Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 

(Cth) (EPBC) as well as various 

state-based legislation.

Our additional actions

Australia Pacific LNG supports 

terrestrial and marine biodiversity 

research through GISERA.

Our approach

Origin’s assessment process 

identifies whether biodiversity 

may be impacted or placed at risk. 

We then undertake our activities 

in a way that minimises impacts  

on biodiversity values and tries  

to ensure there is no impact 

outside of authorised areas. 

Our performance

In the 2015 financial year,  

our projects posed no material 

danger to threatened species  

or ecological communities,  

and there were no unauthorised 

disturbances in or adjacent to, 

protected areas or areas of high 

conservation value outside  

of protected areas. 

28

ENERGY DEVELOPMENTS


Offsets 

Australia Pacific LNG’s offsets aim to secure 

strategic environmental areas with the following 

values: Great Barrier Reef World Heritage 

values; threatened ecological communities; 

endangered and of concern remnant and high 

value regrowth vegetation; marine habitat; 

wetlands; watercourses; threatened flora;  

and habitat for threatened fauna.

During the 2015 financial year, substantial 

progress towards providing direct offsets  

and indirect offsets were made. 

Direct offsets 

Australia Pacific LNG’s two key offsets in the  

gas fields are at Dukes Plain and Inverness.  

The Dukes Plain property is located south  

of Theodore in Central Queensland and will 

provide offsets for threatened ecological 

communities, endangered and of concern 

vegetation and associated threatened  

fauna habitat. The Inverness offset property  

is located on the ranges west of Gladstone  

and is where translocation of threatened flora 

species removed from the pipeline corridor  

is taking place.

In December 2014, a draft of the Dukes Plain 

Offset and Rehabilitation Management Plan was 

submitted to the Federal Government detailing 

the conservation outcomes and management 

objectives for Brigalow and semi-evergreen  

vine thicket threatened ecological communities 

and associated threatened fauna habitat.  

The offset and management plan has been 

developed with inputs from extensive field 

surveys and advice from scientific experts. 

On-ground management activities including 

trials to optimise the growth of Brigalow, 

ecological and cultural heritage surveys for  

the establishment and maintenance of fire 

breaks and pest and grazing management 

activities were also implemented across the 

Dukes Plain property during the period. 

The Dukes Plain offset addresses the  

majority of our gas field offset obligations.  

We commenced negotiation with a landholder 

for an additional direct offset site to fulfil the 

remainder of the Phase 1 state and federal 

project offset requirements in early 2015.

In May 2015, the Inverness Offset Area 

Management Plan was approved by the state 

and federal governments. The management 

plan identifies the objectives and actions to  

be undertaken in the offset area, including  

the establishment of Cycas megacarpa and 

Acacia pedleyi. We also finalised negotiations 

with the landholder to legally secure the  

offset area through a voluntary declaration  

in June 2015.

During the 2015 financial year, 261 individual 

species of Cycas megacarpa were successfully 

translocated in accordance with the Cycas 

megacarpa Management and Translocation Plan 

to the Inverness offset area. In addition, a total 

of 1,600 salvaged and propagated Rutidosis 

lanata individuals were translocated to the 

Rockwood offset area in September 2014.

Indirect offsets

Australia Pacific LNG continues to support the 

conservation of the Fitzroy River turtle through 

a nest protection program managed by Greening 

Australia and the Fitzroy Basin Association. 

During the year’s nest protection survey  

period from September to December 2014,  

41 nests were protected or successfully hatched. 

Three hundred turtle hatchlings safely left the 

nests to return to the surrounding environment. 

The predation rate observed in the survey  

area was successfully reduced to 53 per cent,  

an improvement on the 65 per cent obtained  

in the prior period, and significantly better  

than the 90-100 per cent predation rates 

observed in previous years where no  

protection activities occurred. 





There were  

no unauthorised 

disturbances  

in or adjacent to 

protected areas  

or areas of high 

conservation  

value outside of 

protected areas.

BELOW  

Australia Pacific LNG’s right of way for  

its main pipeline has been rehabilitated  

and revegetated.

29

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

ENERGY DEVELOPMENTS


Our additional actions 

In the 2015 financial year, Australia Pacific  

LNG continued to support terrestrial and 

marine biodiversity research through GISERA. 

Research projects conducted in the reporting 

period included the following: 

 

—

priority threat identification, management 

and appraisal (terrestrial biodiversity); 

 

—

fire ecology of grassy woodlands  

(terrestrial biodiversity); 

 

—

habitat selection by two focal species; and 

 

—

an integrated study of the Gladstone 

marine system (marine environment).

Other biodiversity impacts

Outside of the Australia Pacific LNG project, 

our other gas development projects posed  

no material danger to threatened species  

or ecological communities, with regard  

to biodiversity impact. In addition, there  

were no unauthorised activities or incidents  

that materially impacted biodiversity in any 

project areas.

During the 2015 financial year, we undertook 

the Enterprise 3D seismic survey in a near shore 

area of the Otway Basin in Victoria. This area is 

a potential habitat for three threatened marine 

mammal species: the blue whale (Balaenoptera 

musculus), the humpback whale (Megaptera 

novaeangliae) and the southern right whale 

(Eubalaena australis). 

To reduce the potential for interactions with 

these marine animals, we timed the survey  

to start after the southern right whale calving 

season and finish before the peak of the blue 

whale migration period. Aerial surveys were 

conducted prior to commencement of the 

seismic survey to provide confidence that 

southern right whales had left the region. 

During the survey, 12 experienced marine 

mammal observers were stationed across  

five vessels and were authorised to stop the 

survey if whales were sighted within defined 

distances from the acoustic source. Separate 

sightings of humpback whales occurred during 

the survey but no blue whales or southern  

right whales were sighted.

Effective measurement of our reputation in  

the community, and targeted strategies to drive 

improvements in our performance over time,  

are key priorities for Origin.

Since August 2013, we have been measuring our reputation to 

understand how we are perceived by ordinary Australians, as well  

as some of our key stakeholders. These insights help us to create  

more targeted and effective reputation management strategies,  

and ultimately feed into how we conduct our business. Reputation  

is important to a company, as there is a strong correlation between 

reputation and business performance.

We use the RepTrak™ methodology to measure reputation.  

The study uses the academically tested RepTrak™ model, developed  

by the Reputation Institute. It is used by Fortune 500 companies  

and many Australian corporates as a standardised reputation measure. 

The RepTrak™ study uses a nationally representative sample of the 

population to rate a company against seven dimensions: products  

and services; innovation; governance; citizenship; leadership; 

performance; and workplace. 

Origin’s RepTrak™ score at the end of the 2015 financial year  

was 61.8, which was steady compared to the prior year. Origin’s 

quarterly scores during FY2015 averaged above the quarterly  

scores for FY2014.



MEASURING AND MANAGING  

OUR REPUTATION IN THE COMMUNITY





Pe

rf

or

m

an

ce

Le

ad

er

sh

ip

G

ov

er

na

nc

e

W

or

kp

la

ce

In

no

va

ti

on

Pr

od

uc

ts

/S

er

vi

ce

s

Ci

ti

ze

ns

hi

p













































































































































RepTrak

®















































































































































RepTrak

®



We timed the survey 

to start after the 

southern right whale 

calving season and 

end before the peak 

of the blue whale 

migration period  

to ensure minimal 

interaction.

30

ENERGY DEVELOPMENTS






WE HELP  

EMILY MAKE  

THE MOST OF  

A SUNNY DAY

We’re providing reliable, 

affordable and sustainable 

energy, including solar,  

to power households  

across Australia.

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

31


DELIVERING 

ENERGY



CUSTOMER CARE  

AT A GLANCE

OUR PURPOSE

Ensure customers have a positive 

experience by understanding and 

meeting their energy needs, and 

providing effective service. 

Laws and regulations

The Australian Energy Market 

Agreement sets out the legislative 

and regulatory framework for 

Australia’s energy markets. 

Energy retailers are regulated 

under the National Energy 

Customer Framework.

Our additional actions

We are simplifying the way  

our customers deal with us,  

and we are in the process  

of rolling out new services  

that allow us to better  

connect with our customers.  

Our customer service team  

is trained to understand  

and meet individual needs,  

and compassionately handle 

financial hardship cases.

Our approach

We consider each individual 

customer’s needs on a case- 

by-case basis, and do our best  

to match them with the product 

and solutions that best suit  

those needs. 

Our performance

In the 2015 financial year we 

achieved a 71 per cent customer 

satisfaction rating which was level 

with the prior year. We received 

4.9 Ombudsman complaints  

per 1,000 customers, which  

was26 per cent improvement  

on the prior year.

CUSTOMER CARE

Listening and responding  

to customer needs 

Origin has approximately 4.3 million customer 

accounts, making us the largest energy retailer 

in Australia. At the end of the 2015 financial 

year, this consisted of around 2.8 million 

electricity customer accounts, 1.1 million 

natural gas customer accounts and 382,000 

LPG customer accounts. 

Our customers depend on us to provide  

a reliable, affordable and sustainable energy 

supply that meets their needs and expectations. 

That means we are not just in the business  

of supplying energy, but also need to provide 

timely and helpful advice, effective service 

response, and assistance in accessing  

other parts of the energy supply chain,  

when required. 

Our success depends on our ability to meet 

these needs and exceed expectations, which  

is why we are committed to genuinely listening 

to our customers, continually improving their 

service experience and evolving our business  

to ensure that we are well positioned to meet 

their future needs.

We continue to use traditional communication 

channels, and have made significant investment 

in new channels that make it easier for our 

customers to interact with us at times that  

suit them.

Improving products and services  

for customers

It is important to us that our customers have  

a wide array of products and services to choose 

from, so we have introduced new products  

and technologies that help make this possible. 

We also maintain a focus on improving our 

customer service performance, and have made 

a number of changes to our marketing and sales 

processes affecting how and when we engage 

with customers. 

These changes include: 

 

—

simplifying contracts and quote packs;

 

—

introducing new payment options;

 

—

continuing the roll out of our Customer 

Service Hubs, which provide customers 

with a physical location they can visit  

to provide feedback and have their 

concerns addressed;

 

—

launching the Everyone Can Help Out 

(ECHO) app, which allows employee-

generated sales leads and customer  

issues to be shared amongst employees,  

to follow up or resolve;

 

—

introducing stronger service offerings  

for small to medium businesses;

 

—

implementing new SMS customer updates 

including an SMS service tailored to people 

moving house that notifies them when 

their meter has been installed and updates 

them on next steps;

 

—

improving the experience of our 

commercial and industrial customers; 

 

—

refreshing and streamlining the contract 

renewal process; and 

 

—

bringing our services to customers  

in Canberra.

A leader in green energy solutions 

Origin is a leader in low carbon energy  

solutions and we continued that tradition  

in the 2015 financial year by supplying 

customers with options that can offset  

or lower their greenhouse gas emissions. 

We have around 255,000 green energy 

customer accounts, making us the largest 

Australian provider of GreenPower and  

Green Gas products.

When our customers choose a GreenPower 

option, they nominate a percentage of  

their electricity usage (anywhere between  

25 per cent and 100 per cent) that they would 

like to come from GreenPower accredited 

renewable sources, which we match with  

the equivalent of energy from those sources. 

For Green Gas, we purchase greenhouse  

gas offsets equal to the customers estimated 

usage and we are the only retailer in Australia  

to do so.

These options allow our customers to directly 

support Australia’s renewable energy industry. 

However, they are not the only options  

available to customers to lower the impact  

of their energy use on the environment;  

solar has been a consistent part of our  

business for many years.

With approximately 4.3 million customer accounts 

across electricity, natural gas, LPG and solar, Origin 

is the leading provider of energy to homes and 

businesses across Australia.  

We are committed to providing a reliable, affordable 

and sustainable supply of energy to meet our 

customers’ needs.

32

DELIVERING ENERGY


At the end of the 2015 financial year, more  

than 391,000 Origin customers have had solar 

installed, representing around 27 per cent  

of Australia’s solar market(1). Over the past  

10 years, we have directly installed more  

than 80,000 solar PV systems and more than 

4,000(2) solar hot water systems, making us one 

of the largest installers of residential rooftop 

solar panels in Australia. These solar systems 

provide a clean and cost-effective way for 

households to generate renewable electricity. 

In May 2015, we also introduced a new way  

for customers to go solar, with our Solar as  

a Service offering. This allows a wider range  

of customers access to the benefits of solar, 

including potentially lower energy costs and  

a reduced carbon footprint, without having  

to purchase the system, as Origin owns,  

installs and maintains the system throughout 

the life of the Solar as a Service contract. 

As some solar customers are becoming  

more interested in battery storage, Origin has 

completed extensive analysis on the battery 

market. Our analysis focused on evaluating 

battery types and suppliers based on product 

flexibility, economics, and customer experience. 

As a result we have been trialing units  

in Queensland, NSW and SA, laying the 

foundation for a solar battery solution  

for Origin’s customers. 

Improving call centre performance

It is important to us that our customers have 

the best possible experience when they call 

Origin. We have introduced a new operating 

model for our Care and Resolutions teams  

that allows us to provide specialised support  

and greater sales and service capabilities.

We use a number of mechanisms to monitor 

the effectiveness of our systems and customer 

service initiatives. This helps us to understand 

what our customers are looking for and improve 

the way we do things which, in turn, helps us 

retain customers. 

For example, we have been measuring customer 

satisfaction for many years by asking customers 

about their service experience and interaction 

with our service teams. This allowed us to 

compare the performance of different service 

teams, providing a more relevant measure  

of satisfaction than market-based satisfaction 

surveys. At the end of the 2015 financial year,  

our customer satisfaction rating was at  

71 per cent which was in line with the prior year. 

Going forward, we will cease using a customer 

satisfaction measure and instead use a ‘strategic’ 

Net Promoter Score as our primary measure  

of customer advocacy. In addition, we will report 

an ‘interaction’ Net Promoter Score, which is  

a similar measure to customer satisfaction but 

more challenging, as it goes further than 

indicating a customer’s level of satisfaction  

with their interaction with Origin; it tests 

whether they would be prepared to  

recommend Origin to family and friends.

We are also building on our customer  

centric culture by making sure our actions  

and behaviours address clear customer needs 

and consistently deliver benefits. Putting 

customers’ needs at the heart of our decision 

making, operations, systems and processes  

is a cultural change that will take time, but  

we have made significant progress so far. 

This year saw the introduction of the ECHO  

app which encourages employees to log  

sales, service or account enquiries for family  

and friends to be followed up by specialist  

case managers. This demonstrates our 

recognition that true customer advocacy  

starts with our employees. Allowing our 

employees to help their family and friends,  

we believe will help them feel proud about 

working at Origin.

(1) SunWiz July 2015 Monthly Insights. 

(2) FY2015 data is reported as  

an 11 month actual (July-May)  

+ one month estimate (June).



More than  

391,000 Origin 

customers have  

had solar installed, 

representing  

around 27 per cent  

of Australia’s  

solar market

(1).



BELOW  

We provide reliable, affordable and  

sustainable energy to power millions  

of homes.

33

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

DELIVERING ENERGY


Working with customers to resolve issues

Delivering great customer experiences requires 

expertise and we make sure our people are 

equipped to identify and solve potential issues 

and disputes. Origin team members undertake 

regular training that develops their skills, 

knowledge and confidence in managing a broad 

range of complaints and concerns. We also have 

detailed complaint-handling procedures in place, 

which allow us to resolve issues faster and 

escalate them when necessary.

If a customer feels an issue has not been 

sufficiently addressed, or they aren’t satisfied 

with the outcome of their interaction with 

Origin, they are able to have the matter 

reviewed by the relevant Ombudsman in  

their state or territory. If the case escalates  

to an enquiry, Origin will always work closely 

with the customer to resolve the dispute. 

Complex matters arise from time to time  

that require the Ombudsman to initiate an 

investigation and request a written resolution 

from Origin. The process is directly managed  

by the Ombudsman in these instances. 

We’ve put a lot of work into reducing 

Ombudsman complaints by improving  

our services, including stabilising our core 

business platforms, reducing the amount  

of late bills and streamlining the processes  

that were causing backlogs. Our efforts  

have resulted in less Ombudsman complaints  

in the 2015 financial year, falling to 4.9 per 

1,000 customers compared to 6.6 per  

1,000 customers in the prior year. 

High bills, revised bills, and credit related 

complaints continue to be major sources of  

new Ombudsman complaints and will be the 

focus of our continuing efforts to improve.

Overcoming barriers to contact

We deliver energy and services to customers 

with a diverse range of backgrounds so it is 

important that our information be accessible 

and understandable. 

We provide access to independent and 

accredited translators to customers who  

are from non-English speaking backgrounds  

or have difficulty accessing or understanding  

the information we provide. We include contact 

details for print interpreter services on our bills 

in several languages and provide large print  

and online versions of our bills to assist limited 

vision customers.

Access is provided to multi-lingual  

financial counselling and energy auditors  

to customers enrolled in our Power On 

financial hardship program.

Regulatory requirements

Origin, like other energy retailers in Australia,  

is regulated by the National Energy Customer 

Framework (The Framework). The Framework, 

which includes National Energy Retail Law, 

National Energy Retail Rules and National Energy 

Retail Regulations, sets out key protections and 

obligations for retail energy customers and the 

businesses they buy their energy from. 

We provide energy in New South Wales, 

Victoria, Queensland, South Australia and the 

Australian Capital Territory and The Framework 

applies to each of these jurisdictions except 

Victoria. However the Victorian energy codes 

have recently been changed to be more in line 

with The Framework.

In the 2015 financial year there were five 

compliance breaches relevant to these 

regulatory frameworks (that is, five provisions  

of The Framework were breached). These 

related to late bills, wrongful disconnections  

and incorrect billing data displayed on bills.  

In each case the regulator was notified and, 

where necessary, remedial action was taken. 

The ACCC closed two investigations relating  

to Origin in the 2015 financial year.

In May 2014, the ACCC commenced 

proceedings against Origin and two of our 

subsidiaries in the Federal Court of Australia, 

alleging that Origin made false or misleading 

representations and engaged in misleading  

or deceptive conduct regarding the level of 

discount available under a DailySaver energy 

plan in South Australia. Origin settled the 

dispute with the ACCC in December 2014 –  

and in February 2015, the Federal Court 

handed down orders requiring Origin to pay  

a fine of $325,000 plus the ACCC’s costs and 

notify affected customers. 

We recognise that we could have better explained 

our discounts, and we are committed to being 

clear and transparent with our customers  

about the discounts we offer. 

The second matter investigated by the  

ACCC related to our residential door-to- 

door activities, a sales channel Origin ceased 

using in September 2013. In March 2015,  

the Federal Court ordered Origin to pay  

$2 million in penalties in relation to unlawful 

door-to-door selling practices. The Court  

also ordered Origin’s marketing company, 

SalesForce Australia Pty Ltd, to pay penalties 

and both parties to publish a joint corrective 

newspaper notice, maintain compliance 

programs and contribute to the  

ACCC’s costs. 

While the conduct in question was performed 

by a third party on our behalf, we recognise  

that it is our duty to ensure that anyone  

who represents us reflects our behaviours  

and values. We no longer sell energy  

to consumers door-to-door.



We’ve recently put  

a lot of work into 

reducing Ombudsman 

complaints by 

improving our 

services, including 

stabilising our core 

business platforms, 

reducing the amount 

of late bills and 

streamlining the 

processes that were 

causing backlogs.

34

DELIVERING ENERGY




(1) SunWiz Consulting, Australian  

PV Market Insights, July 2015.

(2) You may incur other costs in order 

for your property to be solar ready 

(such as electrical works, cabling  

or roof repairs) and for meter 

upgrade or changeover.

(3) Solar energy rate is subject  

to change for CPI annually and 

change in law.

The team at Origin have been long-term 

supporters of solar. Over the past decade  

we have installed solar in around 80,000  

homes. Keeping with our commitment to 

provide innovative products to our customers, 

we’re offering a new way for solar energy to be 

delivered to the home. Called Solar as a Service, 

residential customers and small business owners 

can access the benefits of solar without having 

to purchase the system. 

“Solar in Australia has evolved beyond  

the traditional installer model,” said Origin’s  

General Manager Solar and Emerging 

Businesses, Phil Mackey. 

“Under the new Solar as a Service model, 

customers don’t have to pay to have the solar 

system installed; instead, Origin will install,  

own and maintain the system over its life,  

taking the hassle out of solar for customers. 

Plus, as Origin owns the solar system, we’ll  

take care of any ongoing maintenance costs.”

Solar as a Service works best for households  

that use a lot of their electricity during the day 

when the sun is out. This is because electricity 

generated from solar needs to be used as  

it is generated; it isn’t stored for later use. 

To date, the product is available in parts  

of New South Wales, Queensland and South 

Australia, with a focus on small-scale residential 

and commercial solar systems. It will shortly 

become available in parts of Victoria.

DISCOVER  

MORE  

ONLINE

The introduction of Origin’s  

Solar as a Service offering  

is helping more Australian  

homes and businesses access  

the benefits of solar.

Installing a rooftop solar photovoltaic (PV) 

system is a great way to reduce a home  

or business’ impact on the environment, 

while also potentially delivering cost savings.  

It’s no wonder then that the popularity  

of solar energy in Australia is soaring,  

with more than 1.4 million residential  

solar systems currently installed across  

the country- the highest penetration  

of household solar in the world(1). 



SHARING THE BENEFITS OF SOLAR  

WITH MORE AUSTRALIANS 

ABOVE  

Rooftop Solar PV installations in 

Australia. Solar as a Service makes it easy 

to install and use solar energy without 

the need to purchase the system.

WHY CHOOSE  

SOLAR AS A SERVICE

You’ll pay $0 for the 

system(2).

You’ll lock in a low solar  

energy rate(3).

You won’t have the  

hassle of managing the 

ongoing maintenance 

and monitoring of  

the system.

35

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

DELIVERING ENERGY


ENERGY AFFORDABILITY

Understanding energy costs

Australia is a large country with access to 

abundant energy resources. Our energy system 

is highly sophisticated and when compared  

to many other countries, is very reliable. 

While historically Australians have seen some  

of the lowest cost energy in the world, recent 

investment in the networks of poles and wires 

that transport energy and the implementation 

of various state and federal government clean 

energy schemes have contributed to higher 

energy prices for customers.

In most states, the increase in electricity  

tariffs experienced over recent years is starting 

to plateau. However, domestic gas prices are 

increasing due to higher wholesale energy  

costs as well as international parity pricing. 

Sustainable tariffs

Tariffs are determined in two ways depending 

on the state – by regulators, known as 

‘regulated tariffs’, or by retailers, known  

as ‘deregulated tariffs’.

We believe it is in the interests of all energy 

users over the long term, to set sustainable 

energy tariffs that consider long-term energy 

procurement costs; required future investments 

in energy generation; and the need to provide  

a broad range of products and services that 

meet Australia’s diverse needs. We believe 

sustainable tariffs should, ideally, be set with 

reference to competition and that the best 

outcomes for customers will be achieved from 

deregulated markets that promote competition 

and innovation in products and services. 

Sustainable tariffs allow energy retailers  

to recover costs, make an appropriate  

return on investments, and deliver value  

to customers. 

How we set tariffs

We determine our deregulated tariffs  

for consumer and business customers by 

considering several underlying elements.

These include the costs of generating or  

buying energy, including the costs to supply 

energy to homes and businesses using the 

poles-and-wires network, as well as the costs  

of providing retail service to customers,  

which factors in our need to reconcile  

meter data and manage accounts. 

There are still substantial compliance 

requirements when retailers set tariffs  

without regulatory oversight, including  

the need to post information to comparison 

sites and communicate price changes  

to customers. 

Where tariffs are subject to regulation,  

such as electricity in Queensland and gas  

in NSW, we model our tariffs according to  

the methodology prescribed by the regulators  

in those states. While electricity in New South 

Wales is not yet fully deregulated, the state  

is on a pathway to complete deregulation. 

Keeping customers informed 

Energy prices vary from state to state and  

also within some states so we understand why 

tariffs can sometimes be difficult for customers 

to understand. To manage this, we proactively 

engage with our customers directly through bill 

messages, newspaper notices, online messaging 

and other forms of media. This helps keep them 

informed of any price movements, including the 

amount, timing and reason for the changes. 

The repeal of the Australian Government’s 

Carbon Pricing Mechanism had a major impact  

on the structure of energy tariffs and customers’ 

energy costs during the 2015 financial year.  

This legislation was passed on 17 July 2014,  

and placed specific requirements on electricity 

and natural gas retailers like Origin. 

To ensure our customers were aware of  

the changes, we implemented an extensive 

communication campaign via email and direct 

mail to inform them of the cost savings they 

would receive. We also backdated all price 

changes to 1 July 2014 for our customers. 

Helping customers in need 

Cost-of-living pressures weigh heavily on many 

Australians, and rising gas and electricity prices 

over recent years have been a contributing 

factor. We understand that there are periods  

of time when some customers may struggle  

to pay their energy bills. 

In these situations we work closely with those 

customers to: offer products best suited to their 

needs; provide relevant, timely advice; make 

provisions and arrangements that help them 

work through short-term financial difficulties; 

and avoid unmanageable levels of debt, all the 

while maintaining their energy services. 

Many factors influence how much electricity  

is used by a home or business including: the  

size of the property and age; its location;  

the outside area temperature; whether gas  

is used for cooking and heating; and whether 

the owners have air-conditioners, pools  

or other energy-intensive appliances.

Helping customers understand these factors 

allows them to more effectively manage their 

energy use and, in turn, better manage their 

energy costs. Educating our customers about 

effective energy management is a high priority 

for Origin.

Raising awareness  

through energy education 

Energy plays a central role in our lives. If you 

think about your home, almost everything  

you use from lighting and heating to cooking  

or entertainment is powered by energy.  

Yet most people give little thought to where 

energy comes from or how to manage  

their usage of it. 

We do our best to raise awareness about 

energy by keeping our customers up-to-date 

on the latest energy information including 

energy-saving tips, pricing information and 

suggesting new products that might be suited 

to a customer’s individual needs. By making  

the customer’s needs our first consideration,  

we empower them to take control of their 

energy bills and make better decisions on  

how best to manage their consumption.



ENERGY 

AFFORDABILITY  

AT A GLANCE

OUR PURPOSE

Empower customers by providing 

relevant and practical solutions 

that allow them to control their 

energy use and costs, and  

to support customers dealing  

with financial hardship. 

Laws and regulations

The Australian Energy Market 

Agreement sets out the legislative 

and regulatory framework for 

Australia’s energy markets. 

Energy retailers are regulated 

under the National Energy 

Customer Framework.

Our additional actions

We offer online tools such as  

My Account to provide customers 

greater visibility and control  

of their energy accounts.

Our approach

We know problems can occur 

when customers are surprised  

by their bills – so we have worked 

hard to make sure our customers 

have greater understanding  

of their accounts, and are  

able to access a wide range  

of payment options.

Our performance

Approximately 917,000, or 24%  

of our total electricity and natural 

gas customer accounts have signed 

up to e-billing, enabling them  

to receive bills via email and pay 

them online using direct debit, 

BPAY® or credit card.

36

DELIVERING ENERGY


In mid-2014, we launched a national brand 

campaign Energy Made Fresh Daily that aims  

to make Australians more aware of the nature 

of energy and how it’s delivered. The second 

stage of the campaign was rolled out in  

May 2015, and focused on the benefits  

of solar power. 

We are also working to educate tomorrow’s 

leaders with our Energy for Schools program. 

Designed for both teachers and students, this 

program aims to educate students on the basic 

history, science and economics of the energy 

industry in Australia using both online education 

resources and face-to-face interaction during 

in-school visits. We visited 31 schools during  

the 2015 financial year, and 2,512 children and 

90 teachers participated in our program. 

During the period we also introduced the  

Origin Blog, an online hub that offers insight 

into global and national energy challenges, 

different energy technologies, policy issues  

and more.

Our blog is regularly updated, and allows us  

to share ideas, industry comments, practical  

tips, advice and opinion pieces. 

Solutions to control energy use and costs

The introduction of smart meters has been  

one of the biggest developments in electricity 

supply since electric lights were introduced over 

a century ago. We’ve embraced this technology 

where it is most prevalent in Victoria, enabling 

Origin to provide greater transparency to our 

customers in that state by allowing them to  

view their energy use online with the Origin 

Energy Manager. 

Accessible via the My Account online  

customer portal, this tool allows customers 

greater visibility of their energy usage,  

including where and when energy is being  

used in their home so they can make better 

energy-efficient decisions and potentially  

lower their energy costs. 

While Origin Energy Manager works best  

in conjunction with smart meters, we have 

developed the technology in a way that allows 

Origin customers outside Victoria to use it, 

without requiring a smart meter to be installed.

Our collective investment in technological 

innovations and proactive education has 

provided our customers with unprecedented 

transparency, understanding and awareness  

of the energy they use. Customer registrations 

for the My Account online portal have grown 

from 568,000 to 972,000 in the past  

12 months, a 71 per cent increase primarily 

driven by our auto-registration efforts.  

More than half of these registered customers 

subsequently activated their My Account 

service, representing about 17 per cent  

of total customer accounts. 

My Account enhances our customers’ experience 

by allowing customers to view and pay their bills 

online; check and update their account contact 

details; view and/or change their current energy 

plan; view current offers; and check energy 

consumption on their past bills. 





My Account 

customer portal 

allows customers 

greater visibility of 

their energy usage 

including where  

and when energy  

is being used in  

their home so they  

can make better 

energy-efficient 

decisions and 

potentially lower 

their energy costs.

ABOVE  

My Account customer portal  

helps customers monitor and  

manage their energy use.

37

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

DELIVERING ENERGY


Our billing and payment options 

To improve our customers’ interaction with 

Origin, our service teams remain focused  

on helping our customers to understand bills, 

update account details and, when required,  

make special arrangements for payment. 

We have also introduced new, innovative 

payment options that encourage our customers 

to pay their bills on time; and provided incentives 

that encourage them to pay online and set  

up automatic bill payments, using direct  

debit and other methods. 

At the end of the 2015 financial year, we had 

approximately 917,000 electricity and natural 

gas customer accounts signed up for e-billing, 

representing around 24 per cent of our total 

electricity and natural gas customer accounts. 

Our online billing continues to increase in 

functionality, allowing customers to receive  

and pay bills in a variety of ways including  

direct debit, credit card, phone, BPAY®,  

over the internet and via email.

We also introduced the ability for customers to 

set up SMS notifications and payment reminders, 

in a way that suits their needs. At the end of the 

2015 financial year, approximately 683,000 

customer accounts had taken up direct debit, 

representing around 18 per cent of our total 

electricity and natural gas customer accounts. 

This growth in direct debit usage mirrors the 

take-up of our Pay On Time discounts  

to customers.

Support for customers  

experiencing hardship

Energy affordability is a growing concern  

for more Australians as price increases far 

outstrip CPI salary increases. We recognise 

people sometimes face challenges that can 

leave them in financial difficulty and we’re 

required to design, implement and maintain  

a customer hardship program to address this. 

Origin is also working with community groups 

to build awareness of how we can assist our 

most vulnerable customers manage their energy 

costs. Many years of successful operation has 

proven that our hardship program – Power On 

– meets these requirements by assisting our 

customers through difficult times and helping 

them to get back in control of their energy  

use and bills.

Origin’s Power On program is approved by the 

Australian Energy Regulator and offers energy 

efficiency information, referrals to financial 

counselling services, flexible payment options 

and general advice. It also informs customers  

of relevant government concessions and  

grants available in their state, ensuring they  

are receiving all possible financial assistance.

Customers are identified as potential Power On 

participants when they alert us to the fact they 

are having difficulty meeting a bill payment,  

or who require us to call them about an overdue 

payment. Our call centre team are trained  

to refer callers who seem to be experiencing 

hardship to our Power On team. Using this 

proactive early intervention approach to assist 

our customers before the problem becomes  

too large, we are able to identify customers  

who have a higher likelihood of falling into 

arrears in bill payments, and assist them  

in managing their energy costs before  

it becomes a larger problem. 

Customers who enter into the program must 

work with us to reduce their energy usage  

to sustainable levels, repay their debt, and 

adhere to the terms we agree upon together.  

If they refuse to engage with us or repeatedly 

break the terms of the agreement, they lose  

the right to participate in the program. 

In recent years, the number of disconnections 

resulting from non-payment has risen – but  

so too has the number of customers actively 

utilising Power On’s payment support. Customers 

that remain on the Power On program and  

are committed to meeting the program 

requirements are protected from energy  

supply disconnection.

At the end of the 2015 financial year,  

23,453 customers were being financially 

supported through Power On, up from  

20,670 the prior year. 

During this period, 6,106 of our Power On 

customers successfully paid off their debts  

and moved out of the program. We remain  

in contact with these customers as part of our 

ongoing customer care program to help them 

manage their ongoing energy costs and provide 

early intervention calls if they fail to meet their 

payment thresholds. 

Our Power On program was recognised in  

a recent survey undertaken by the Financial  

and Consumer Rights Council, which saw 

Victorian financial counsellors rank the policies 

and practices of energy retailers for customers. 

Overall, financial counsellors ranked Origin  

as the current industry leader in handling 

customers’ financial hardship issues(1).

If needed, we arrange free home energy  

audits to help our customers identify how they 

can reduce their energy usage to avoid financial 

issues. We conducted 441 of these audits 

during the 2015 financial year, and provided 

more than $45,000 worth of energy efficiency 

upgrades that helped our customers conserve 

energy, reduce their bills and reduce their 

greenhouse emissions.

(1) Financial and Consumer Rights Council, 

Rank the Energy Retailer, August 2014. 

111 financial counsellors contributed  

to the survey, representing 62 per cent 

of the sector.

(2) Independent Pricing &amp; Regulatory 

Tribunal, Review of regulated retail prices 

and changes for electricity 2013 to 2016.

BREAKDOWN OF COSTS IN A TYPICAL NSW ELECTRICITY BILL(2)

Generators

The cost of 

generating electricity

Networks

Paying for the maintenance, upgrading

 and operation of the poles and wires

Government green schemes

The national renewable energy target

 and other state based schemes

Retail Services

Managing your accounts,

 billing and customer services

24%

55%

15%

6%



Origin is ranked as 

the current industry 

leader in handling 

customers’ financial 

hardship issues

(1).

38

DELIVERING ENERGY






WE HELP 

MAKE WARM 

BATHS FOR 

THOUSANDS  

OF DOGS

Our teams ensure  

hot water is ready  

to go whenever  

it’s needed.

39

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015


MANAGING  

OUR BUSINESS

Origin has diverse operations spanning across  

the energy supply chain, from gas exploration and 

production, to power generation and energy retailing.  

We employ a team of around 6,900 people  

who work hard to keep our business running 

smoothly and safely. A business of this size, scale  

and complexity requires considered management  

to ensure its ongoing success. 

In this section we detail our performance  

for the 2015 financial year across the areas  

of health and safety, government policy, climate 

change and emissions, as well as our financial 

performance, corporate governance and our 

work towards improving diversity and inclusion. 

SAFETY 

Why safety is important 

At Origin, safety is our first priority. It is 

important for our business and we believe  

that every employee and contractor should 

expect to return home safe at the end of  

every day. We continually strive to improve  

our performance in the areas of personal and 

process safety, as we work towards our goal  

to create an injury free workplace for our 

employees and contractors. 

We work in an industry which, by its very 

nature, gives rise to a range of health and  

safety risks. Some of the activities regularly 

carried out in our business range from  

the operation of onshore gas drilling rigs, 

construction, to travelling to offshore gas 

production platforms, through to managing 

large gas processing facilities and power stations 

and driving on roads. Process safety is a critical 

part of ensuring our facilities and assets are 

maintained to safe standards, and we are 

committed to aligning our practices with 

industry standards. 

Safety in our workplace is governed by relevant 

federal and state legislation and regulations 

related to safety, and the majority of the areas 

we operate in are highly regulated. For example, 

as Upstream operator of the Australia Pacific 

LNG project our work program is primarily 

regulated by Queensland’s Petroleum &amp; Gas 

(Production &amp; Safety) Act 2004 and Work  

Health and Safety Act 2011. At a minimum,  

we meet these requirements, but we also  

strive to do better where we can and, where 

appropriate, to apply higher standards that 

further safeguard our workforce. 

Origin’s Health, Safety and Environment  

(HSE) Policy can be found on our website  

and explains how we think about, plan and 

manage health, safety and environmental 

impacts and initiatives across our business.  

Our directives are derived from the 

commitments made within this HSE Policy,  

and they mandate the minimum requirements, 

responsibilities, and business rules that are 

needed to successfully implement this Policy 

and the HSE management system. 

Towards a generative safety culture

Much of our focus in the 2015 financial year  

has been on improving our safety culture.  

A series of cultural climate surveys conducted 

across our business highlighted the opportunity 

for us to move towards a more generative 

culture, where people are recognised as the  

key to success, where failure is embraced as  

an opportunity to learn and improve, and safety 

performance is regarded as a core ingredient  

of good business. 

During the year, we updated our HSE Policy  

to better articulate our aspiration for a safe 

workplace, and to highlight those actions and 

behaviours that we believe reflect a generative 

culture. Our new policy places greater emphasis 

on being mindful of risk, on personal ownership 

and accountability, and on continuously learning. 

It is well known that operational excellence  

and safety performance are closely linked.  

For this reason, the Board determined that it is 

important that all our people have an incentive 

to focus on safety. Each year the Board is able 

to recognise the efforts of employees via the 

Employee Share Plan, which awards $1,000  

of Origin shares to all eligible employees, 

subject to the achievement of company-wide 

targets relating to safety. For the reporting 

period, the award of the Share Plan is linked  

to the achievement of our closed HSE actions 

target, which encourages employees to identify 

and complete actions that will make the 

workplace safer. 

Managing personal safety 

Origin’s primary measure of safety performance 

is the Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate(1) 

(TRIFR), which measures our company-wide 

work-related injuries. For the 2015 financial 

year, we recorded a TRIFR of 3.8, which was  

a 24 per cent improvement on the prior  

period, and ahead of our target of 4.5 for  

the financial year.

When we reflect on this achievement, however, 

it is with great sadness at the loss of one of  

our team members working on the Australia 

Pacific LNG project, who was fatally injured  

in September 2014 at Reedy Creek.

(1) TRIFR is calculated as a 12-month 

rolling average.



SAFETY AT A GLANCE

OUR PURPOSE

We aspire to conduct our business 

in a way that causes no harm  

to the health and safety of our 

people, or our facilities, and  

has no unforeseen impacts  

on the environment. 

Laws and regulations

Our activities are governed by 

relevant federal and state safety 

laws and regulations, and industry 

specific codes. 

Our additional actions

Our Health and Safety Policy 

outlines how we think about,  

plan and manage health, safety 

and environmental impacts and 

initiatives across our business. 

Our approach

We are building a culture  

that encourages transparency  

and ownership, rewards safe 

behaviours and strives for 

continual improvement.

Our performance

TRIFR of 3.8, a 24% improvement 

on the prior year and our lowest 

ever. 80,456 safety observations 

recorded and closed out. Sadly,  

we lost one of our colleagues 

working on the Australia Pacific 

LNG project.

40

MANAGING OUR BUSINESS


(1) Toolbox talks are onsite small group 

discussions between managers and  

their team about important business 

issues or topics.

(2) LTIFR is calculated as a 12-month  

rolling average.

(3) The number of days lost FY2014 

includes employees and contractors. 

Available data for FY2015 includes 

employees only.

Origin continues to prioritise safety 

performance and during the period there  

has been increased management focus  

on both safety processes and communication. 

Some of the initiatives included:

 

—

increased visibility of our front line and 

senior leadership team members in the field;

 

—

emphasis on more engaging toolbox talks(1) 

and job pre-starts;

 

—

continued promotion of our Observations 

Program, which enables employees to have 

safety conversations about safe and unsafe 

behaviours and to identify and address 

hazards in the workplace before they 

become incidents;

 

—

introduction of our HSE action program 

which encourages employees to identify 

and complete actions that will make the 

workplace safer;

 

—

development of risk reduction strategies 

and use of simplified risk assessment  

tools; and

 

—

additional training to up-skill our front  

line employees.

In addition, Short Term Incentives for our  

senior executives are determined by reference 

to Group Performance as well as Business Unit 

and personal operational measures. Business 

Unit measures include safety outcomes, 

engagement scores, project milestones and 

production metrics or customer satisfaction  

and profitability. 

Another metric used to track and improve  

our performance is Lost Time Injury Frequency 

Rate(2) (LTIFR). This measure identifies the 

severity of injuries which impact upon our 

people and involves measuring the number  

of injuries resulting in an employee missing  

at least one full shift or work day. 

LTIFR is a subset of TRIFR. During the 2015 

financial year, there were 31 lost time cases  

and a total of 80(3) days of work lost. Our LTIFR 

remained stable this year at 1.0. This can be 

attributed to a combination of increased 

management visibility across field locations, 

coupled with supervisor leadership programs 

and a decrease in project activity from the 

Australia Pacific LNG project.

Observation performance

Observations are a key tool we use  

to recognise safe and unsafe behaviours, 

identify and address hazards in the workplace 

and help prevent unsafe ones. Taking personal 

ownership and accountability, and being  

mindful of risk are key to improving the safety 

of our workplace. We know that the right 

conversations are crucial to reinforcing positive 

safety outcomes, so we encourage employees 

to include a personal conversation with their 

colleagues about the safe or unsafe behaviour 

they observe. 

All employees are encouraged to make  

and record observations in an online database, 

regardless of their level or work area. Managers 

have the additional responsibility of coaching 

their teams in how to make quality observations 

and for sharing lessons learned. 

We formally introduced this Observation 

Program across Origin in July 2011. For the 

2015 financial year, 81,703 observations had 

been raised and 80,456 closed, against a target 

of 45,000. 

Closed HSE actions 

HSE actions are those tasks we identify  

through activities such as observations,  

incident reviews, audits and risk assessments, 

that when completed, can help to reduce a risk, 

or prevent an incident. 

Closing out these tasks, and doing so within the 

time we committed to do them, demonstrates 

the level of urgency and priority we are placing 

on improving HSE for ourselves and others. 

In July 2014, we introduced a new measure 

around closing HSE actions. Our target is  

to complete at least 80 per cent of the actions 

we identify and record in our HSE tracking 

system by their due date. Achievement of this 

target is linked to the Employee Share Plan. 

Our closure rate for the 2015 financial year was 

at 85.3 per cent, and as a result the Board has 

approved an award to eligible employees under 

the Share Plan. All eligible full-time employees 

will be allocated $1,000 of Origin shares. 

Significant Incident Frequency Rate

Going forward, we will introduce a new target  

to our safety measurement. 

A ‘Significant Incident’ is one that has the 

potential to result in a critical or catastrophic 

consequence. We have been measuring our 

Significant Incident Frequency Rate (SIFR)  

in addition to TRIFR for more than five years, 

and in the 2016 financial year we will set an 

organisation-wide target for SIFR to help  

us focus on those areas with the most  

significant consequential risk – including 

process safety, aviation, land transport, 

environment and security. 



TOTAL RECORDABLE INJURY  

FREQUENCY RATE (TRIFR)

0

2

4

6

8

10

FY2015

FY2014

FY2013

FY2012

8.0

3.8

ABOVE  

Our focus has been on improving Origin’s 

safety culture.

41

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

MANAGING OUR BUSINESS


(1) With the potential for a serious 

consequence or above, as defined by the 

Origin risk matrix.

(2) IOGP Report No. 456 defines tier one 

process safety events as losses of 

primary containment with the greatest 

consequences and provides a set of 

consequence-based criteria for this, as 

well as a set of threshold quantities for 

various materials. A tier two process 

safety event is a loss of primary 

containment with lesser consequences 

(IOGP 2011:12, www.ogp.org.uk/

pubs/456.pdf).

(3) Included in FY2015 TRIFR.

Managing process safety

Process safety involves making sure our facilities 

are well designed, safely operated and properly 

maintained. When we manage process safety 

risk we are required to follow a range of national 

and state laws and regulations, which requires  

a positive demonstration of safety due diligence. 

We have process safety related requirements 

contained in our HSE Management System  

and associated Directives, which we benchmark 

against industry guidance from the UK Energy 

Institute and the International Association  

of Oil and Gas Producers (IOGP).

Our process safety management practice  

is aligned with recognised industry standards. 

This involves understanding our hazards, 

identifying process safety critical controls,  

and implementing integrity management  

and performance monitoring to reduce  

the risk of process safety events ‘so far  

as is reasonably practical’. 

Process safety management extends across  

the design and construction of our assets,  

the safe operation of our facilities and the 

maintenance of plant, equipment and protection 

system integrity. We also seek to ensure that 

our people are trained and competent, that 

major changes to plant, people and processes 

are properly assessed in line with their risk 

profile, and we incorporate learnings from  

past issues to prevent future incidents.

Our process safety performance is tracked 

using leading and lagging indicators.  

Each Business Unit reports process safety 

performance internally, on at least a quarterly 

basis. Enterprise-wide process safety 

performance is reported to the Operational 

Risk Committee and process safety risks are 

regularly reviewed by Origin’s Risk Committee. 

We are currently part way through a three-year 

process safety improvement project, initiated  

in 2014 by our Operational Risk Committee. 

The project aims to streamline and consolidate 

process safety management practices across 

Origin, and develop common key performance 

indicators to facilitate governance of process 

safety management performance.

We actively participate in the APPEA’s annual 

Stand Together for Safety event, which is 

dedicated to promoting the highest standards  

of safety for operations in Australia. In addition, 

Origin annually reports process safety 

management activities and incident 

performance across our Integrated Gas  

business to the IOGP.

Our performance

In the 2015 financial year, we recorded a total  

of eight process safety events(1). These comprised 

three tier one and five tier two loss of primary 

containment incidents, as defined by IOGP(2), 

which were detected and controlled to prevent 

impact to the environment, community and  

our assets. Two of these incidents resulted in  

a recordable injury(3). We also record, investigate 

and trend data for lower consequence process 

safety incidents, to ensure the integrity of our 

process safety critical controls.



Origin recognises the critical  

role of the SES in communities, 

which is why we have supported  

the organisation to help recognise, 

reward and recruit volunteers.

For many Australians, the orange State 

Emergency Services uniform is an iconic 

piece of clothing, conjuring images  

of community volunteers and heroes  

in times of need.

At Origin, we recognise the critical role  

the SES plays in our community, particularly 

when disaster strikes. During 2014 alone, 

NSW SES volunteers attended over 16,000 

storm and flood-related jobs, responded  

to 604 road crashes and helped the NSW 

Rural Fire Service with over 800 bushfire 

support tasks.

Throughout 2014, approximately 10,000 

volunteers of all ages, professions and 

backgrounds served in the NSW SES. 

Undertaking both operational and 

administrative roles, these volunteers 

supported over 200 units located 

throughout the state – a massive  

effort by any standard. 

This is why in December 2014 Origin  

was proud to announce a new partnership 

with the NSW SES, aiming to help the 

organisation to recognise, reward, and 

recruit volunteers – the lifeblood of the 

organisation. Through our work with the 

NSW SES, we supported the NSW SES 

Cadet Program, which helps enlist the next 

generation of volunteers. The program aims 

to provide cadets with skills to service their 

local community, knowledge of the NSW 

SES service and other emergency service 

agencies, and encourages positive  

personal achievements.

The cadet program is tailored for students 

from Year Nine. The five-day short course 

facilitated by SES volunteers is based on best 

practice emergency services Australia-wide 

and sees students visit their local SES  

unit as well as other emergency services.  

They also gain hands-on experience by 

participating directly in activities aimed at 

educating them in safety, communication 

and working in a team.

Time spent in the program will count 

towards service as a full member of the  

SES, and upon successful completion of  

the program, participants will be given the 

opportunity to join their local SES unit.



BECOMING A NSW STATE  

EMERGENCY SERVICES CADET

ABOVE  

Students from the State Emergency 

Services Cadet Program practicing  

their rescue skills.

42

MANAGING OUR BUSINESS


CLIMATE CHANGE AND OUR BUSINESS

Origin acknowledges that climate change  

is a significant societal challenge and unequivocally 

supports measures to progressively reduce 

global carbon emissions. We also acknowledge 

the ultimate goal of the United Nations for  

a new global agreement that provides a pathway 

to achieving 2 degree Celsius warming or less,  

in order to have a realistic chance of avoiding 

the most extreme impacts of climate change.

We believe climate change requires a global 

response. Energy is a central part of the 

challenge, accounting for two thirds of global 

carbon production(1) and creating known 

environmental impacts. Yet energy is critical  

for continued economic and social development 

and is integral to helping bring people out  

of poverty in developing economies. 

This creates challenges, risks and  

opportunities for energy producers  

and suppliers, including Origin.

The following section discusses the global 

context of climate change and energy, how our 

strategy helps us to manage risks and create 

opportunities within this context, as well as  

a comprehensive view of 2015 emissions 

performance and future emissions trends. 

Our framework for  

managing climate change

Origin’s strategy is to connect resources  

to markets, which we pursue via our three 

businesses: energy markets, natural gas and 

LNG and renewable energy. Below we discuss 

each of these businesses in the context  

of climate change. 

Energy Markets

Historically, fossil fuels have been responsible for 

the majority of Australia’s electricity production, 

delivering cheap and reliable energy. Over  

the past decade, Australia’s electricity mix has 

become slightly less carbon-intensive, with 

gas-fired and renewable generation starting  

to make up a larger portion of the portfolio.  

(1) International Energy Agency, 

Energy and Climate Change: World 

Energy Outlook Special Report 2015.

(2) Australian Energy Regulator, NEM 

Generation Capacity FY2015 YTD  

as at 1 April 2015.

(3) Origin’s generation capacity is  

~6,000 MW compared with the 

National Electricity Market’s generation 

capacity of 45,000 MW. Source:  

The Australian Energy Regulator’s 

Generation Capacity and Peak Demand.

(4) As at 20 July 2015. Power stations  

with a total nominal capacity of less  

than 400 MW have not been included. 

Source: AEMO Carbon Dioxide Equivalent 

Intensity Index 2015. 

(5) www.aer.gov.au.

This shift is partly the result of the Australian 

Government’s RET, which is discussed in the 

Policy Section on page 50.

Origin operates one of Australia’s largest  

power generation portfolios with a capacity  

of approximately 6,000 MW, representing 

around 13 per cent(2) of capacity in the  

National Electricity Market (NEM). 

Origin is also one of the largest owners and 

developers of natural gas-fired power stations  

in Australia(3). We own and operate seven natural 

gas-fired power stations across Victoria, South 

Australia, New South Wales and Queensland 

with a total capacity of 2,604 MW. Natural gas 

produces less carbon emissions per MWh  

than coal when burned to create electricity  

and highly efficient gas-fired power stations, 

such as Origin’s Darling Downs Power Station, 

produce less than half of the emissions  

of a typical coal-fired power station.

At 2,880 MW, Origin’s Eraring Power Station  

is Australia’s largest power station. The black 

coal-fired Eraring is critical to providing secure 

and reliable energy supply to the people of NSW, 

and generated approximately 20 per cent of the 

electricity that customers in the state drew 

from the grid in the 2015 financial year. Eraring 

is one of the more efficient and low emissions 

intensity coal-fired power stations in Australia, 

as shown in the chart below, which ranks the 

station against the nation’s large (greater than 

400 MW) power stations. Origin does not have 

any investments in the more carbon intensive 

brown coal-fired power stations.

The relative shares of gas and black coal  

in our internal generation fleet are shown  

in the diagram at right, alongside a comparison 

with the relative contribution of fuel sources  

in the NEM.

These pie charts show that Origin’s energy  

mix is made up primarily of black coal and 

natural gas, while the NEM is dominated  

by brown coal and black coal.

NATIONAL ELECTRICITY MARKET 

GENERATION CAPACITY  

BY FUEL TYPE FY2015 (%)(5)

Black coal

Brown coal

Gas

Hydro

Wind

Other

20

39

14

17

7

3

ORIGIN INTERNAL GENERATION 

CAPACITY BY FUEL TYPE FY2015 (%)

Black coal

Gas

Wind

Other

45

1

50

4

0

0.2

0.4

0.6

0.8

1.0

1.2

1.4

1.6

1.8

MILLMERRAN

 852 MW

TARONG NORTH

 450 MW

CALLIDE C

 810 MW

KOGAN CREEK

 744 MW

TARONG

 1,400 MW

STANWELL

 1,460 MW

MT PIPER

 1,400 MW

ERARING

 2,880 MW

BAYSWATER

 2,640 MW

VALES POINT B

 1,320 MW

CALLIDE B

 700 MW

GLADSTONE

 1,680 MW

LIDDELL

 2,000 MW

NORTHERN

 530 MW

LOY YANG B

 1,000 MW

LOY YANG A

 2,210 MW

YALLOURN

 1,480 MW

HAZELWOOD

 1,600 MW

Origin’s only black coal-ﬁred power station, Eraring

Brown coal-ﬁred power station

Black coal-ﬁred power station

2015 NATIONAL ELECTRICITY MARKET COAL-FIRED EMISSIONS INTENSITIES(4) 

(TONNES CO2/MWh SENT-OUT)

43

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

MANAGING OUR BUSINESS


Renewable energy also plays an important role 

in our electricity portfolio. Including the 30 MW 

Cullerin Range Wind Farm in NSW, Origin has  

a portfolio of more than 700 MW of owned and 

contracted wind power. This is mostly secured 

via Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs), which 

are one of the key ways Origin contributes  

to renewable energy developments. 

There is no current requirement for new 

investment in power generation in Australia, 

other than to meet the RET. This means that 

any new generation over the next five years  

is likely to be renewable, with Origin currently 

considering the development of the Stockyard 

Hill Wind Farm in Victoria and utility scale solar 

in Queensland. With the subdued demand for 

electricity and the ongoing growth of supply 

driven by renewable energy policy, Origin  

has no active plans in place to develop coal  

or gas-fired power stations in Australia.

Integrated Gas

Origin is one of the largest producers of natural 

gas on Australia’s east coast and Australia Pacific 

LNG, in which Origin has a 37.5 per cent interest, 

will shortly begin exporting LNG.

Over time, Origin expects that its total carbon 

emissions related to gas will increase along with 

the growth of our gas business. However, we 

believe that in a global marketplace a narrow 

focus on emissions at the point of production 

does not recognise the role companies like 

Origin will play in providing lower carbon fuel 

choices to markets around the world. 

At Origin, we understand that whether we 

generate and deliver electricity to customers,  

as with our domestic power generation 

business, or deliver energy via LNG to wholesale 

customers in Asia, climate change implications 

are best considered with life-cycle carbon 

emissions in mind. Natural gas has the potential 

to supply energy to the world at lower 

carbon-intensive rates than traditional coal. 

This is particularly important given the scale  

of the challenge because, as the IEA estimates, 

without further measures (the ‘Current Policies’ 

scenario) world energy demand is estimated  

to increase by 50 per cent between 2012  

and 2040(1).

The IEA provides guidance on a number of 

global warming scenarios and the appropriate 

energy mix to limit global warming to 2 degrees 

Celsius. These scenarios limit the use of high 

emission fuels such as coal and increase the 

contribution of gas and renewables in order  

to minimise the impact of climate change.

In the IEA ‘450 Scenario’ gas continues to have  

a significant role in the energy mix, with global 

gas production forecast to rise by 23 per cent 

by 2040 compared to the base year of 2012(2).

Origin is actively participating in delivering  

lower carbon energy solutions to Asia Pacific, 

via our interest in Australia Pacific LNG. Once 

the project’s two LNG trains are operating, 

Origin will significantly grow gas production. 

While this will increase Origin’s emissions  

in Australia, it is expected to reduce global 

emissions by a larger amount.

A Worley Parsons report found that each  

tonne of carbon emissions from LNG production 

in Australia reduces carbon emissions in China  

by 4.3 tonnes when this gas is used in place  

of conventional coal-fired electricity generation. 

This demonstrates one of the global benefits 

available from the development of Australia’s 

abundant natural gas resources(3).

Renewable energy

One of Origin’s priorities is to grow its capabilities 

and investment in renewable energy.

Forecasts indicate that in decades to come 

societies demand for renewable energy sources 

will outstrip the demand for non-renewable 

energy sources(4). Origin is looking for 

opportunities to harness renewable energy 

from world-class sources. Providing these  

fuels into markets where the demand and  

policy settings support renewable energy  

supply gives us strategic growth options  

in a fast-developing segment of the global 

energy portfolio.

This is a clear priority for Origin as we consider 

the development of energy solutions for the 

future. The direction of our strategic thinking  

is discussed further in Future Energy Solutions 

on page 60. 

(1) International Energy Agency,  

World Energy Outlook 2014.

(2) International Energy Agency, Energy 

and Climate Change: World Energy 

Outlook Special Report 2015.

(3) Worley Parsons, Greenhouse Gas 

Emissions Study of Australian CSG  

to LNG, 2011.

(4) International Energy Agency,  

World Energy Outlook 2014.



One of Origin’s 

priorities is to grow 

our capabilities  

and investment in 

renewable energy.



RIGHT  

Origin’s Eraring Power Station is one of the 

more efficient and low carbon intensity 

coal-fired power stations in NSW.

44

MANAGING OUR BUSINESS


Future trends in emission intensity 

Today, Origin’s total emissions and our emissions 

intensity are predominantly driven by our power 

generation portfolio, and in particular, the Eraring 

Power Station. Our gas business contributes  

a relatively small proportion of total emissions.

When Australia Pacific LNG begins exporting 

LNG to Asian markets later in 2015, Origin’s 

total gas production will increase to meet the 

demand of the two train LNG plant. In line with 

this growth in gas production, Origin’s total 

Scope 1 and Scope 2 carbon emissions are 

expected to increase. 

Notwithstanding this increase, Origin believes 

we will be making an important contribution to 

the global challenge of addressing climate change 

by facilitating the substitution of higher carbon 

intensive fuels for lower carbon intensive  

fuels. Natural gas can be used to produce  

equal amounts of electricity as coal-fired 

generation, while resulting in around half  

of the carbon emissions(1).

In essence, we will be producing more energy  

to help meet demand, yet doing so in a way that 

helps reduce the emissions intensity of global 

energy production.

Emissions performance 2015

Reporting our emissions(2)

We are committed to complying with relevant 

emissions reporting frameworks. In Australia, 

Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions reporting  

is tightly regulated and aligned to the 

Intergovernmental Panel on Climate  

Change (IPCC) reporting framework.

We follow the Australian Government’s  

National Greenhouse Emissions Reporting Act 

2007 (Cth) (NGER Act) to calculate and report 

GHG emissions produced directly and indirectly 

by our Australia based activities and operations. 

In New Zealand, we report our emissions under 

the Climate Change Response Act 2002.

Since 2007 we have also undertaken voluntary 

reporting of our GHG emissions to the Carbon 

Disclosure Project (CDP). Our responses to  

the CDP climate change survey have also been 

publicly available since 2008 and can be accessed 

via CDP’s website www.cdp.net. 

By 31 October each year, we report our audited 

GHG emissions to the Commonwealth regulator 

under the NGER Act. 

Under the National Pollutant Inventory, Origin 

also reports annually on polluting substances 

that are emitted into the environment, including 

oxides of nitrogen (NOx) and oxides of sulphur 

(SOx). In line with regulatory requirements,  

our emissions are reported to the relevant  

state environment regulators by 30 September  

each year.

The majority of our current GHG emissions are 

direct emissions (Scope 1), resulting from our 

role as electricity generator and to some extent 

as a producer of oil and gas. Indirect emissions 

from purchased energy (Scope 2) and other 

indirect emissions account for a small portion  

of our total GHG emissions. Our reporting also 

includes emissions data from our New Zealand 

oil and gas assets. 

In the 2015 financial year, Origin’s Scope 1 and 

Scope 2 GHG emissions on an operational basis 

totalled 17,149 kilotonnes of carbon dioxide 

equivalent (kt CO2-e). This is an increase of  

14 per cent compared with the previous year  

of 15,064 kt CO2-e. On an equity basis, Origin’s 

Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions totalled 

18,339 kt CO2-e, up 12 per cent on the 

previous year.

Energy Markets emissions

Our Energy Markets business accounts for  

92 per cent of Origin’s Scope 1 GHG emissions. 

The majority, or 80 per cent, of Scope 1 

emissions for Energy Markets relate to Eraring 

Power Station. Eraring’s Scope 1 emissions 

increased by 17 per cent to 12,410 kt CO2-e  

on an operational control basis for the 2015 

financial year. This is primarily due to higher 

generation output. 

The remaining emissions relate to Origin’s other 

power generation assets, and the LPG and 

Cogent businesses, which together produced 

Scope 1 emissions of 3,008 kt CO2-e for the 

2015 financial year. 

For the 2015 financial year, the emissions 

intensity from our electrical energy production 

(power generation) was 0.77 t CO2-e/MWh for 

Scope 1 emissions. 

The Australian Energy Market Operator 

(AEMO) calculates the average emissions 

intensity of the NEM using estimated Scope 1 

and Scope 3(3) emissions. The emissions intensity 

of Origin’s generation portfolio continued to 

compare favourably this year at 0.85 t CO2-e/

MWh(4), approximately 6 per cent below the 

NEM average of 0.91 t CO2-e/MWh(5).

(1) http://www.appea.com.au/

oil-gas-explained/benefits/

cleaner-energy/.

(2) Data is reported as an 11 month  

actual (July-May) + one month  

estimate (June). 

(3) Scope 3 emissions are all indirect 

emissions (not included in Scope 2) that 

occur in the value chain of the reporting 

company, including both Upstream and 

Downstream emissions.

(4) Calculated using the AEMO approach, 

that is, intensity of Scope 1 + Scope 3 

(supply chain) emissions.

(5) NEM average intensity calculated  

using the load weighted average of  

the FY2015 carbon dioxide equivalent 

intensity index published by AEMO  

as at 10 July 2015.

(6) FY2015 result includes Upstream  

Oil and Gas (NZ).



EMISSIONS  

AT A GLANCE

OUR PURPOSE

Closely measure and report the 

emissions associated with our 

power generation activities. 

Laws and regulations

Emission reporting is regulated  

at a national level, under the 

National Greenhouse and Energy 

Reporting Act 2007.

Our additional actions

Each year we voluntarily report 

our emissions to the Carbon 

Disclosure Project and have  

been doing so since 2007.

Our approach

We have built a portfolio of low 

carbon power generation assets 

including natural gas and wind. 

Our performance

Emissions intensity of 0.85  

t CO2-e/MWh(4) is below the NEM 

average of 0.91 t CO2-e/MWh(5).

Origin GHG emissions performance 2015(6)

Operational control basis

Equity basis 

Scope 1 (kt CO2-e)

16,752

18,106

Scope 2 (kt CO2-e)

397

233

Scope 1 emissions intensity  

of electrical energy production (t CO2-e/MWh)

0.77

0.65

Scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity  

of oil and gas production (t CO2-e/TJ)

8.0

11.2

Scope 1 + Scope 3 emissions intensity (t CO2-e/MWh)

0.85

–

NEM average (t CO2-e/MWh)

0.91

–

45

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

MANAGING OUR BUSINESS


Emissions data

GHG emissions intensity(1) (t CO2-e/MWh and t CO2-e/TJ)

FY2011

FY2012

FY2013

FY2014

FY2015

Operational control basis 

Generation (t CO2-e/MWh)

0.44

0.75

0.74

0.77

0.77

Upstream Oil and Gas and LNG  

(t CO2-e/TJ) 

6.0

5.7

7.0

6.84

8.0(2)

Equity basis 

Generation (t CO2-e/MWh)

0.33

0.33

0.39

0.62

0.65

Upstream Oil and Gas and LNG  

(t CO2-e/TJ) 

8.0

7.8

8.4

7.75

11.2

Direct GHG emissions (Scope 1) (kt CO2-e)

FY2011

FY2012

FY2013

FY2014

FY2015

Operational control basis 

Energy Markets, of which:

1,662

1,676

12,411

13,387

15,418

 

—

Eraring(3)

3,909

10,137

9,826

10,583

12,410

 

—

Generation (exc. Eraring)

1,606

1,618

2,528

2,749

2,952

 

—

LPG

48

48

45

40

41

 

—

Cogent

8

10

12

15

15

LNG

–

–

657

892

742

Upstream Oil and Gas (4)

1,189

1,050

592

652

590

Others

5

3

3

3

3

Total Scope 1 –  

operational control basis 

6,765

12,866

13,663

14,934

16,753

Equity basis 

Energy Markets, of which:

3,277

3,598

4,741

15,182

16,089(5)

 

—

Eraring

–

–

–

10,583

12,410

 

—

Generation (exc. Eraring)

3,221

3,540

4,684

4,544

2,952

 

—

JV Generation

671

 

—

LPG

48

48

45

40

41

 

—

Cogent

8

10

12

15

15

Contact Energy (6)

956

LNG

–

–

295

390

274

Upstream Oil and Gas (Aus)

1,076

1,012

741

708

698

Upstream Oil and Gas (NZ)

87

Others

5

3

3

3

3

Total Scope 1 – equity basis

4,358

4,613

5,780

16,283

18,107

Indirect GHG emissions (Scope 2) (kt CO2-e)

FY2011

FY2012

FY2013

FY2014

FY2015

Operational control basis 

Energy producing sites

50

42

184

113

386(7) 

Non-energy producing sites

21

19

18

17

11

Total Scope 2 –  

operational control basis 

71

61

202

130

397

Equity basis 

Energy producing sites

22

28

56

99

223(8) 

Non-energy producing sites

21

19

18

17

11

Total Scope 2 – equity basis

43

47

74

116

234

(1) Note from FY2015 the Upstream  

Oil and Gas and LNG intensities  

are a combined Scope 1 and  

Scope 2 intensity.

(2) This data point combines Scope 1  

and Scope 2 emissions intensity,  

to include electricity emissions from  

the electrification of LNG assets.

(3) Origin assumed operational control  

of Eraring Power Station on 1 August 

2013. Prior to this Origin owned  

the output of Eraring Power station 

from March 2011 under the previous 

GenTrader Arrangement with the  

NSW Government. Scope 1 and  

Scope 2 GHG Emissions for FY2011 

and FY2012 are included in these 

emissions calculations. In FY2013,  

the emissions for these assets  

were transferred under a Financial 

Control Liability Transfer Certificate  

to an Origin owned entity and are 

included to align with our obligations 

under the Clean Energy Act 2011.

(4) Includes Upstream Oil and Gas  

New Zealand. 

(5) Not including Contact Energy.

(6) Included for FY2015 however after the 

close of the period, Origin has divested 

its entire interest in Contact Energy.

(7) Comprised of Generation (112 kt CO2-e), 

Upstream Oil and Gas (33 kt CO2-e) and 

LNG (241 kt CO2-e).

(8) Comprised of Generation (112 kt CO2-e), 

LNG (89 kt CO2-e) and Upstream Oil 

and Gas (22 kt CO2-e). 



Origin believes  

we will be making  

an important 

contribution to the 

global challenge  

of addressing  

climate change  

by facilitating the 

substitution of higher 

carbon intensive fuels 

for lower carbon 

intensive fuels.

46

MANAGING OUR BUSINESS


(1) Reported in Scope 1 direct emissions 

for LNG and Upstream Oil and Gas.

(2) CSIRO, Field Measurements of Fugitive 

Emissions from Equipment and Well 

Casings in Australian Coal Seam Gas 

Production Facilities, June 2014.

(3) http://www.appea.com.au/ 

oil-gas-explained/benefits/ 

cleaner-energy/.

Integrated Gas emissions

Together, our LNG and exploration and 

production activities account for 8.0 per cent  

of our direct GHG emissions.

Emissions were relatively steady for Origin 

operated facilities, except for Australia Pacific 

LNG. GHG emissions from this project remained 

at levels higher than what we would expect over 

the long term, as the Project’s upstream assets 

progress through the peak construction and 

commissioning phase.

In FY2015, Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions in 

our gas business grew from 1,582 kt CO2-e to 

1,606 kt CO2-e, reflecting expanded production 

and delivery of ramp gas in the lead up to exports 

from Train 1 of Australia Pacific LNG. This 

includes methane and carbon dioxide from flaring 

and venting operations. Flaring rates, which are 

typically higher during production ramp-up prior 

to commissioning of gas plants, are expected  

to reduce once commissioning is complete. 

Scope 1 emissions for the Integrated Gas 

business unit fell by 14 per cent due to the 

improvements in the commissioning process  

of the new gas plants.

Scope 2 emissions from our energy producing 

sites totalled 274 kt CO2-e, a 625 per cent 

increase on the prior comparable period.  

This increase is largely attributed to the 

electrification of LNG assets, and the growth  

in our Integrated Gas business, which saw an 

increase in electricity use to support activities 

for new gas plants and water treatment  

facilities in our LNG business. 

The emissions intensity from our Upstream Oil 

and Gas and LNG activities was 8.0 t CO2-e/TJ 

for Scope 1 and Scope 2. Upon completion of 

flaring associated with commissioning of Australia 

Pacific LNG, it is anticipated that emissions 

intensity will reduce once the flaring associated 

with commissioning is completed. 

Fugitive emissions from gas operations

There has been some uncertainty around the 

amount of GHG emissions from CSG extraction 

and processing in Australia, mainly driven by 

research associated with the United States  

shale gas industry. Fugitive emissions are the 

emissions and leaks from extraction and 

processing infrastructure that might  

accumulate in our atmosphere. 

In the financial year 2015, Origin’s fugitive 

emissions from oil and gas operations were  

772 kt CO2-e(1). This includes emissions  

of methane and carbon dioxide in natural gas 

that is flared or vented, including leaks. Australia 

Pacific LNG is currently experiencing higher 

flaring rates that are expected to decrease once 

commissioning is complete. For each new gas 

field there is a period when gas production 

ramps up prior to the gas plant being 

commissioned, resulting in higher flaring  

rates. This is a short-term requirement  

and gas flaring will be managed to a level 

required for safe and reliable production.

Origin, as the Upstream operator of Australia 

Pacific LNG, jointly sponsored an Australian 

CSG fugitive emissions study undertaken by  

the CSIRO(2). As part of this study, CSIRO 

surveyed 43 wells in New South Wales and 

Queensland – operated by a range of CSG 

companies including Origin. 

The study confirmed that the measured 

emissions are consistent with the current 

emission estimates for general equipment leaks 

and confirmed that equipment leaks comprise 

only a very small proportion of GHG emissions 

from CSG production. The results validate  

that our current approach to estimating minor 

emissions sources around wells is appropriate 

and that the uncertainty of the overall  

emissions from CSG production and  

processing is relatively low.



Natural gas can be 

used to produce 

equal amounts of 

electricity as coal-

fired generation, 

while resulting in 

around half of the 

carbon emissions(3).

ABOVE  

Senior Plant Technician, Keith Part  

at Origin’s 550 MW Mortlake gas-fired  

Power Station in Victoria.



47

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

MANAGING OUR BUSINESS


Methane emissions from gas basins

Methane emissions from gas basins, sometimes 

referred to as seeps, are a naturally occurring 

phenomenon historically used by gas explorers 

to identify potential resources.

There have been questions raised about 

whether these emissions from land, typically 

from water bores and old exploration bores, 

might increase as a result of gas developments 

in the Surat Basin. We are collaborating with 

and supporting public research undertaken  

by GISERA to help scientists and policymakers 

better answer those questions. 

A project began in 2013 to focus on methane 

detection and measurement methodologies. 

These methodologies and technologies  

included mobile surveys using vehicles fitted 

with detection equipment, remote sensing 

techniques using aerial surveys and historic 

satellite data; and assessment of ‘top-down’ 

atmospheric background monitoring of 

methane emissions using fixed location 

monitoring stations. 

The first of these monitoring stations is now 

established and operating at an Origin-owned 

property South West of Chinchilla. A second  

site to the North East of Chinchilla has  

been identified.

Results from the GISERA methodologies  

and technology trials will guide deployment  

of suitable atmospheric monitoring and other 

systems, to conduct long term monitoring  

of emissions at sites in the Surat Basin.

We are continuing our investigations  

into emissions occurring at four locations  

along a five-kilometre stretch of the  

Condamine River.

Following recommendations arising from the 

Norwest Technical Report(1), a detailed scientific 

investigation into natural gas emissions in the 

Condamine River, we are implementing a long 

term ongoing monitoring program.

During the 2015 financial year, this work 

included: the successful installation of eight 

monitoring bores at four locations near  

the emissions; a real-time telemetry system 

reporting sub-surface water pressure data; 

installation of in-stream water quality 

monitoring stations; and continued soil,  

air and aquatic ecological health surveys.  

Using data from these monitoring bores  

and related seismic work, we are gaining  

a better understanding of the sub-surface 

beneath the emissions area. 

While emissions may be present because  

of the geology in the area, our ongoing 

monitoring and studies also suggest active 

management may be appropriate. As a result, 

we have started detailed planning on a range  

of active seeps management options,  

in combination with field production trials. 

International best practice shows there are 

proven methods which can successfully intercept 

and capture methane below the surface prior  

to its release into the atmosphere and we are 

assessing a number of options which may be 

suited to the geology of the Condamine River. 

These options would only be implemented with 

full regulatory and environmental approval. 

Other air emissions(2) 

As part of the Australian National Pollutant 

Inventory (NPI), Origin’s larger operating sites 

track and report emissions of NOx, SOx and 

total volatile organic compounds (TVOC).  

These primarily arise from the combustion  

of fuels such as natural gas, kerosene, diesel  

and coal. The majority of NOx, SOx and TVOC 

emissions and particulate emissions for Origin’s 

operated Australian sites result from electricity 

generation at our Eraring Power Station. 

During the 2015 financial year emissions  

of NOx from Origin’s operated Australian  

sites totalled 25,728 tonnes. SOx emissions 

from Origin’s operated Australian sites were 

29,267 tonnes. TVOC emissions from Origin’s 

Australian operations remained steady and  

in line with production at 1,711 tonnes. 

For our Energy Markets sites the majority  

of NOx, SOx and TVOC emissions and 

particulate emissions for our operated 

Australian sites resulted from electricity 

generation at Eraring Power Station. Emissions 

of NOx, SOx and particulates from Eraring 

stacks are managed through low NOx burners, 

boiler tuning, fabric filter maintenance and 

ensuring the use of quality coal and fuel oil. 

In our LNG business, both NOx and SOx 

emissions remained at higher than expected 

long term levels, as the Australia Pacific LNG 

upstream assets progressed through the peak 

construction and commissioning phase.

Particulates discharged from stacks and dust 

from other operations on site is a community 

concern at our Eraring Power station. 

In the 2015 financial year, Eraring Power  

Station emitted 829 tonnes of PM10,  

an increase on the prior year emissions  

of 440 tonnes. PM10 refers to particulates  

that are 10 micrometers or smaller in diameter 

and are typically associated with combustion 

sources, while dust refers to the larger diameter 

particles which are generally associated with 

nuisance and amenity impacts. 

(1) Condamine River Gas Seeps Investigations: 

Independent Review Norwest Corporation, 

April 2014.

(2) The emissions reported in this section 

have been determined in accordance 

with the Australian National Pollutant 

Inventory, and excludes New Zealand 

operated sites. FY2015 NOx, SOx and 

TVOC emissions have been estimated 

based on the FY2014 emissions and the 

relative change in energy consumed 

between FY2014 and FY2015.



Growth in global 

energy demand  

is a critical driver  

of economic 

development and 

Origin believes this 

can occur in tandem 

with the objective  

of reducing carbon 

emissions.

48

MANAGING OUR BUSINESS


(1) Climate Change Authority, Reducing 

Australia’s Greenhouse Gas Emissions  

– Targets and Progress Review –  

Final Report, 2014.

SOUND AND STABLE POLICY 

The energy industry is highly regulated. 

Governments play an instrumental role in 

shaping market settings through the design  

and implementation of policy. The capital 

intensive nature of our business, together  

with the time required to bring many of our 

activities to market, requires a sound and  

stable policy environment. 

Unexpected changes to policy or ineffective 

policy can be detrimental to our business  

and can also result in extra costs for our 

customers, large and small. To help mitigate  

the risks associated with policy and regulation, 

we regularly engage with policy makers  

to contribute to the setting of commercially 

viable policies. 

We provide advice and support to various 

industry associations, and also contribute  

to broader policy debates by participating  

in a variety of public review processes.

Our policy advocacy 

Central to our policy advocacy is the belief that 

energy policy should be assessed against the 

social imperatives of cost, reliability and 

environmental sustainability. 

Origin encourages policy settings that will help 

progressive decarbonisation. One of Origin’s 

business priorities is to grow its investment  

and capabilities in renewable energy, as well  

as exporting natural gas as LNG to Asia,  

where it can be used as a substitute for  

coal in power generation. 

Climate change 

Growth in energy demand is recognised  

as a critical driver of economic development. 

Origin believes this demand can occur whilst  

still meeting the objective of reducing carbon 

emissions, by substituting high carbon  

intensity fuels with low carbon intensity  

and renewable fuels. 

Climate change has been one of the most 

substantial areas of policy development over 

recent years and Origin has invested substantial 

time in advocating for sound and stable policy 

that will deliver against Australia’s emissions 

reduction objectives.

In the 2015 financial year, the key components 

of climate change policy debate in Australia have 

been long-term emissions reduction targets, 

the RET and Direct Action. These policies  

are discussed in detail below, and Origin’s full 

submissions to Government on these issues  

can be viewed at www.originenergy.com.au.

Long-term carbon emissions  

reduction targets 

If the world is to address climate change,  

we believe long-term targets for emissions 

reductions are required as a key area  

in Australia’s climate change policy. 

Australia currently has bipartisan  

commitment to reduce greenhouse gas 

emissions by 5 per cent on 2000 levels  

by 2020(1). With the upcoming United Nations 

Framework Convention on Climate Change 

meeting in Paris in December 2015, the policy 

focus has shifted to Australia’s emissions targets 

beyond 2020. A number of nations have  

already made formal commitments relating  

to longer-term emission reduction pledges  

– including the ‘big three’ emitters of China,  

the US and the European Union. 

BELOW  

Origin’s 30 MW Cullerin Range  

Wind Farm in NSW.



49

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

MANAGING OUR BUSINESS


In August 2015, the Federal Government 

announced that Australia will adopt a target to 

reduce greenhouse gas emissions by between 

26 and 28 per cent on 2005 levels by 2030.  

The government plans to meet the 2030 target 

through policies built on the Direct Action Plan. 

Origin plans to work with both sides of politics 

to develop sound and enduring energy and 

carbon policies that will help Australia to meet 

or exceed the target. 

To better understand Australia’s contribution  

to the reduction in emissions and to contribute 

to a more informed debate on this policy  

matter, Origin commissioned Deloitte Access 

Economics to produce a report on carbon.  

The report examined Australia’s greenhouse  

gas emissions, compared to the nations in the 

G20. The analysis examined the link between 

carbon emissions and economic growth  

to help understand how effectively countries 

are using the carbon they produce to grow  

their economies. 

The report shows that Australia's performance 

as measured in carbon emissions per unit of 

GDP is better than the G20 average, and that 

over time, Australia’s emissions intensity has 

reduced at a faster rate than this average.

We feel that simplistic measures like carbon 

emissions per capita – traditionally used to 

discuss Australia’s performance in this area –  

do not provide a complete view of performance. 

As such, additional metrics including efficiency 

of converting carbon into GDP should be used 

to provide a more comprehensive view of the 

current landscape.

Ultimately, the internationally agreed goal  

is to limit average global temperatures rising  

to 2 degrees Celsius or less, in order to have  

a realistic chance of avoiding the most extreme 

impacts of climate change. It is hoped the Paris 

agreement will place the world on a pathway  

to achieve this goal and Origin supports 

Australia making a contribution to such  

an agreement, consistent with other  

developed nations. 

Renewable Energy Target Scheme Review(1) 

There were some important amendments  

to the composition of the RET during the  

2015 financial year, ending several years  

of policy uncertainty. 

The Large-scale Renewable Energy Target 

(LRET), which supports wind farms and large 

solar projects is now legislated at 33 TWh,  

down from the previous target of 41 TWh.  

We estimate that a 33 TWh LRET will require 

about 5,000 MW of wind farms or equivalent  

to be built by 2020, or around 12 large projects. 

The Small-scale Renewable Energy Scheme 

(SRES), which supports small-scale solar PV 

systems, is expected to contribute at least  

12 TWh by 2020. The uncapped nature of the 

SRES means that this figure may end up being 

higher, particularly as new solar products 

emerge. This means that in total, targets are 

expected to generate about 45 TWh from 

renewable sources by 2020. 

Origin is and continues to be a long-time 

supporter of the RET. Origin’s options to acquit 

its liability under the RET, which is roughly  

a third of the entire liability, include the potential 

development of the Stockyard Hill Wind Farm  

in Victoria and utility scale solar in Queensland. 

These options are discussed in Future Energy 

Solutions on page 60 of this report. 

Direct Action Plan

The Australian Government’s Direct Action  

Plan is designed to reduce carbon emissions 

through federal government-funded incentives. 

The policy comprises two main aspects: the 

Emissions Reduction Fund (ERF) and the 

Safeguard Mechanism. 

The $2.55 billion ERF came into effect on  

13 December 2014(2). It enables industry and 

other businesses to sell carbon abatements back 

to the Australian Government. The second 

component, the Safeguard Mechanism,  

is currently the subject of a consultation  

process expected to be finalised in October 

2015 with obligations commencing from  

1 July 2016. 

The Safeguard Mechanism is designed to  

ensure that emission reductions achieved 

through the ERF are not offset by growth  

in emissions elsewhere in the economy. The 

Safeguard Mechanism could potentially cover 

two main aspects of our business – natural  

gas production and electricity generation. 

Origin actively contributed to the development 

of the policy framework, and has consistently 

stated its belief that the ERF can deliver  

a meaningful contribution to Australia’s 

emissions reduction efforts.

We have also stated that to achieve long-term 

emission reduction targets, a well-designed 

market mechanism for the electricity generation 

sector is required. This could include a transition 

from the Safeguards Mechanism to a market- 

based system. Policies to facilitate the orderly 

retirement of emission intensive plants and  

to encourage the deployment of low emissions 

technologies (without the need for excessive 

subsidies) should also be considered. 

Energy White Paper

The other major policy development during  

the year was the release of the Australian 

Government’s Energy White Paper in April 

2015. The Paper sets out the government’s 

vision for the energy sector, which includes  

a desire for competitively priced and reliable 

energy, with an emphasis on productivity and 

consumer choice. 

The White Paper also reiterated the 

government’s support for a number of key 

policy reforms that are aligned with Origin’s 

views. These include: the need for tariff  

reform and cost reflective network prices; 

privatisation of state-owned energy assets;  

and the streamlining of the major projects 

approval process. Ultimately, achieving these 

objectives will depend on cooperation from 

state governments that play an important  

role in regulating the energy industry.

(1) Renewable Energy (Electricity) 

Amendment Bill 2015.

(2) Carbon Farming Initiative  

Amendment Bill 2014.



If the world is to 

address climate 

change, long-term 

targets for emission 

reductions are 

required and 

Australia must  

play its role.

50

MANAGING OUR BUSINESS


(1) As at 30 June 2015, adjusted to include 

net proceeds from the sale of Contact 

Energy. Excludes Contact Energy and 

bank guarantees. 

(2)  In consolidating Contact Energy’s 

results, Origin used a monthly average 

exchange rate. For this year it is 

NZ$1.08 to the Australian dollar, 

compared with NZ$1.10 to the 

Australian dollar in the prior year.

(3) Origin’s cash contribution to Australia 

Pacific LNG for the current year is net 

of $165 million of interest income  

(30 June 2014: $7 million) received on 

Mandatorily Redeemable Cumulative 

Preference Shares (the mechanism by 

which remaining funding to Australia 

Pacific LNG will be provided by the 

shareholders of Australia Pacific LNG  

in proportion to their equity interest). 

Interest on the Mandatorily Redeemable 

Cumulative Preference Shares is paid  

to shareholders twice per annum based 

on a fixed interest rate. 

(4) Includes an unfavourable foreign 

exchange translation impact of  

A$362 million relative to project cost 

estimates announced in February 2013, 

which were based on 31 December 

2012 exchange rates and around  

$500 million of accrued expenses.

(5) As announced in February 2013 based 

on December 2012 exchange rates.

OUR FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE 

In the 2015 financial year, Origin delivered  

solid operational performance with significant 

progress across its key priorities. 

We improved returns in Energy Markets, 

Australia Pacific LNG remains on track, our 

capabilities in renewables continue to grow  

with important progress made in solar, and 

liquidity is sufficient to meet our remaining 

contributions to Australia Pacific LNG and  

other business initiatives.

For the 2015 financial year, Origin announced  

a Statutory Loss of $658 million, primarily 

reflecting the impairment of Origin’s investment 

in Contact Energy and upstream assets, the 

non-cash impact of the recent depreciation  

of the Australian dollar on the fair value of 

financial instruments and debt, and interest 

expense which would otherwise be capitalised  

if the Australia Pacific LNG project was  

held by Origin rather than via an equity 

accounted investment. 

Underlying Profit was $682 million,  

a 4 per cent decrease compared to the  

prior year.

Underlying EBITDA increased by $10 million  

to $2.15 billion, driven by an increase in 

contribution from Energy Markets, offset  

by lower contributions from Exploration &amp; 

Production, Corporate and Contact Energy.

Contact Energy, which has been presented  

as a discontinued operation in Origin’s  

financial statements, contributed $199 million  

to Statutory Loss after the impairment of 

Origin’s investment in that company, and  

$79 million to Underlying Profit.

Our Group Operating Cash Flow after Tax  

was $1.58 billion, a 23 per cent decrease on  

the prior year, primarily due to higher working 

capital reflecting the final carbon scheme 

payment, and the timing of tax instalments. 

The total dividend payable to shareholders  

in the 2015 financial year was 50 cents  

per share, in line with the prior year.

Year in review 

Work on Australia Pacific LNG is nearing 

completion and the project remains on track  

to commence sustained LNG production from 

Train 1 from the second quarter of the 2016 

financial year and from Train 2 approximately  

six months later.

Notwithstanding the strong Energy Markets 

performance for the year, market conditions 

remain challenging. In our Integrated Gas 

business, the significant fall in oil price,  

if sustained at current levels, will result  

in lower growth in cash flow and earnings  

than previously expected. 

It is therefore prudent that we continue to  

focus on reducing operating and capital costs, 

realigning debt across the group entities and 

where appropriate divest assets, in order  

to increase Origin’s financial flexibility in the 

short to medium term.

Consistent with this approach, following  

the close of the 2015 financial year, Origin 

Group divested its 53.09 per cent interest  

in Contact Energy and received net  

cash proceeds of NZ$200 million and 

approximately $1.4 billion. 

Following the completion of this sale, Origin  

has $5.8 billion(1) of committed and undrawn 

debt facilities and cash, which is more than 

sufficient to fund the Company’s remaining 

contributions to Australia Pacific LNG and  

other business commitments. 

During the year, we continued to focus on 

maintaining adequate liquidity and completed 

further funding initiatives which extended 

Origin’s debt maturity profile and enhanced 

liquidity. Origin amended its syndicated loan 

facilities to reduce the interest rate margin, 

extend the maturity and increase the limit of 

the facilities by $750 million to $7.4 billion. 

Origin also issued €1 billion in hybrid capital 

securities on the Luxembourg Exchange,  

which were swapped into $1.4 billion.

Following a careful review of the carrying  

value of all assets, Origin has recognised  

a non-cash impairment charge of $705 million. 

The impairment charge primarily relates 

 to Contact Energy and the Company’s  

upstream assets.

There is no impairment related to Australia 

Pacific LNG; the economics of Origin’s 

investment in Australia Pacific LNG  

remain robust.

Improved operational performance 

We have consistently stated that the 2015  

and 2016 financial years are transitional years 

for Origin, as we complete the final stages  

of our investment in Australia Pacific LNG. 

Underlying EBITDA in our Energy Markets 

business increased 20 per cent to $1.26 billion. 

This was mainly due to a higher contribution 

from the natural gas segment due to increased 

sales. Our ability to take advantage of attractively 

priced ramp gas in the Energy Markets business 

as production commenced at the Queensland 

LNG projects led to increased natural gas sales.

In Australian dollars(2), Contact Energy 

Underlying EBITDA decreased $46 million  

to $487 million (NZ$525 million), reflecting 

continued competition and retail price 

discounting eroding tariff increases to recover 

increased distribution costs. This was partially 

offset by increased geothermal generation 

following the commissioning of Te Mihi  

power station.

Underlying EBITDA in our Exploration &amp; 

Production business decreased 18 per cent  

to $399 million due to lower liquids production 

and lower liquids prices. As foreshadowed at  

the half year, the availability of Queensland 

ramp gas allowed Origin to use less gas from  

its own production, with the consequential 

reduction in liquids production. This forgone  

gas and liquids production will be produced  

in subsequent periods.

Underlying EBITDA in our LNG business 

decreased 13 per cent to $72 million.

Origin’s net cash contribution to Australia 

Pacific LNG was $2.17 billion(3) during the 

period. As of 30 June 2015, $25 billion(4) 

had been spent by Australia Pacific LNG and 

estimated costs to complete are not expected 

to be materially different from budget(5).

51

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

MANAGING OUR BUSINESS


Looking ahead 

To further build resilience in Origin to periods  

of low oil prices, a number of initiatives have 

been announced to reduce operating and 

capital costs. Origin, as Upstream operator  

for Australia Pacific LNG, has initiatives in place  

to reduce Australia Pacific LNG’s operating  

and capital costs by $1 billion per annum below 

costs experienced during the construction 

phase. Of this, approximately $650 million has 

been achieved in the 2015 financial year with 

the remaining $350 million of cost reduction 

initiatives to be implemented by the end  

of the 2016 financial year.

In financial year 2016, Origin expects to reduce 

operating costs in the Energy Markets business 

by a further $65 million and capital costs by  

$50 million. 

Origin has also initiated a program to further 

reduce costs across the Company by $200 million 

a year on a sustainable basis by the 2017 

financial year.

More detail about Origin’s performance, 

prospects and outlook can be found  

at originenergy.com.au.

Value distribution 

At Origin we strive to sustainably grow our 

business by adding value to the resources that 

come under our control, and to share this  

value with our stakeholders. 

Our operations and energy developments 

create significant economic value which is 

represented in the form of interest and dividend 

payments to our capital providers, wages to our 

employees and contractors, taxes and royalties 

to state and federal governments, as well as 

initiatives that support the communities  

in which we operate. 

The value distribution calculation and 

commentary in this section is based on the 

income and expenses reported in the Income 

Statement of Origin Energy Limited.

In the 2015 financial year, we distributed  

$15.5 billion to our stakeholders which was  

up 4 per cent on the prior year. A total  

of $1.3 billion was distributed to our capital 

providers through interest expense and 

dividends paid to our shareholders. 

We also distribute value to employees through 

wages and other benefits. In the 2015 financial 

year, our value distribution to employees 

increased by 6 per cent to $831 million. 

Commensurate with the importance we place 

on safety throughout the organisation, we again 

met our annual safety performance target.  

As a result, eligible employees were awarded 

with up to $1,000 worth of Origin shares. 

Royalties and tax expenses totalled $58 million 

in the 2015 financial year. 

This year we distributed $13 million to the 

communities in which we operate, as defined  

by the methodology of the London 

Benchmarking Group. This expenditure 

represents various community investment 

programs, charitable donations, as well as  

grants provided by the Origin Foundation. 

Approximately 25 per cent of the $13 million 

was awarded through the Origin Foundation.

Additional value 

Our operations and energy developments also 

create economic value for the communities 

through significant investment via the 

procurement of local goods and services from 

local suppliers. Since commencement of the 

Australia Pacific LNG project, Origin as Upstream 

operator of Australia Pacific LNG, has spent 

$18.3 million on community investment.

(1) Excludes capital expenditure.

(2) Excludes capitalised interest.

(3) Income tax includes only current 

income tax (benefit)/expense. GST  

and deferred taxes are excluded. 

(4) Includes all subsidiaries in Australia  

and overseas.

(5) Community investment totals  

$12.9 million in FY2015 and  

$6.7 million in FY2014. Rounded  

to the nearest million.



Since commencement 

of the Project,  

Origin as the 

Upstream operator  

of Australia Pacific 

LNG, has spent  

$18.3 million  

on community 

investment.

Economic value distributed ($m)

FY2015

FY2014

Net expenses (excluding stakeholders’ payments)(1)

12,523

12,061

Depreciation and amortisation 

809

732

Total operating costs

13,332

12,793

Employee wages and benefits net of taxes 

831

783

Interest expense(2)

481

453

Dividends paid to shareholders 

801

634

Total payments to providers of capital 

1,282

1,087

Current income tax (benefit)/expense(3) (4)

(20)

210

Royalties to government 

23

39

Other taxes 

55

50

Total government expenses 

58

299

Community investments(5)

13

7

Total community contributions

13

7

Economic value distributed 

15,516

14,969

52

MANAGING OUR BUSINESS


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Origin’s Board and management are committed 

to the creation of shareholder value and 

meeting the expectations of stakeholders  

by practicing sound corporate governance.

In accordance with the Third Edition ASX 

Corporate Governance Principles and 

Recommendations(1), Origin’s Annual Report 

contains a statement which summarises the 

Company’s governance practices which were  

in place throughout the 2015 financial year. 

During the financial year Origin has complied 

with all of the ASX Principles.

The information on this page is an extract  

from Origin’s FY 2015 Corporate Governance 

Statement, which was released on 20 August 

2015 and will be published in our Annual 

Report, which will soon be available at  

www.originenergy.com.au.

Lay solid foundations  

for management and oversight

The Board’s roles and responsibilities are 

formalised in a Board Charter, which is available 

on Origin’s website. The Charter sets out those 

functions that are delegated to management 

and those that are reserved for the Board.  

The Company Secretary is accountable directly 

to the Board, through the Chairman, on all 

matters to do with the proper functioning  

of the Board.

Origin’s Board and management team  

are committed to workplace diversity and  

to providing equality of opportunity and  

a rewarding workplace for all employees.  

Our diversity performance is discussed in  

detail in Diversity and Inclusion on page 55.

The performance of all key executives,  

including the Managing Director, is reviewed 

annually against:

 

—

a set of personal financial and  

non-financial goals;

 

—

Company goals; and

 

—

adherence to the Company’s Compass,  

which reflects the role that Origin’s 

Purpose, Principles, Values and 

Commitments play in everyday  

decision making.

The Remuneration Committee and the Board 

consider the performance of the Managing 

Director and all members of the Executive 

Management Team when deciding whether  

to award performance-related remuneration 

through short-term and long-term incentives 

for the year completed and when assessing  

fixed remuneration for future periods.

Each year, the Directors review the 

performance of the Board, Board committees 

and individual directors. This year, a full review 

was undertaken with assistance from an 

independent external consultant, covering 

individual Director performance, the Board  

and Committees’ activities and work program, 

time commitments, meeting efficiency and 

Board contribution to Company strategy, 

monitoring, compliance and governance. The 

results of the review were discussed by the 

whole Board and initiatives to improve or 

enhance Board performance and effectiveness 

were considered and recommended.

Structure the Board to add value

Our Board of Directors brings vast  

experience to governing our business  

strategy and is accountable to shareholders  

for the performance of the Company. As at  

30 June 2015, the Board comprised nine 

Directors, including seven Non-executive 

Directors, all of whom are considered 

independent by the Board, and two Executive 

Directors. Directors’ profiles, details of their 

skills, experience and special expertise are  

set out in the Directors’ Report.

The Board seeks to have an appropriate mix  

of skills, experience, expertise and diversity  

to enable it to discharge its responsibilities  

and add value to the Company. The Board values 

diversity in all respects, including gender and 

differences in background and life experience, 

communication styles, interpersonal skills, 

education, functional expertise and problem 

solving skills.

Five committees assist the Board in executing 

its duties in relation to audit, remuneration, 

health, safety and environment, nomination  

and risk.

Act ethically and responsibly

All Directors and employees are expected  

to comply with the law and act with a high  

level of integrity. Origin has a Code of Conduct 

and a number of policies governing conduct  

in pursuit of Origin’s objectives in dealing  

with shareholders, employees, customers, 

communities, business partners, suppliers, 

contractors and other stakeholders. The Code 

of Conduct is based on Origin’s Statement of 

Purpose, Principles, Values and Commitments 

(Origin Compass), which serves as a guide  

to Origin’s decision making, behaviours  

and actions for its employees. 

The Origin Compass (page 4 of this report)  

and a summary of the Code of Conduct  

is available on the Company’s website.

Integrity in corporate reporting

The Audit Committee oversees the structure 

and management systems that are designed  

to protect the integrity of Origin’s corporate 

reporting. The Chairman of the Audit Committee, 

Mr Bruce Morgan, is an independent Director 

with significant financial expertise. All members 

of the Committee are financially literate and  

the Committee possesses sufficient accounting  

and financial expertise and knowledge of the 

industry in which Origin operates.

The Audit Committee reviews Origin’s  

half and full year financial reports and  

makes recommendations to the Board on 

adopting financial statements. The Committee 

provides additional assurance to the Board  

with regard to the quality and reliability  

of financial information.

Timely and balanced disclosure

Origin has adopted policies and procedures  

to ensure compliance with its continuous 

disclosure obligations and accountability  

of senior management for that compliance.  

Origin is committed to providing timely,  

full and accurate disclosure and to keeping  

the market informed. Both the Continuous 

Disclosure Policy and the Communications  

with Shareholders Policy are available  

on the Company’s website.

(1) ASX Corporate Governance Council.



Origin’s Board  

and management 

are committed  

to the creation  

of shareholder  

value and meeting  

the expectations  

of stakeholders  

by practising  

sound corporate 

governance.

53

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

MANAGING OUR BUSINESS


Respect the rights of shareholders

Origin respects the rights of its shareholders 

and has adopted policies to facilitate the 

effective exercise of those rights through 

participation at general meetings , and the 

provision of regular information about Origin 

and its operations. Origin is committed to 

providing a high standard of communication  

to its shareholders and other stakeholders.

Shareholders are able to review the financial 

and non-financial performance of the Company 

via a half year report, annual Shareholder Review, 

a full Annual Report, Sustainability Report and 

annual general meeting material. These reports 

are also available on the ASX and in online 

digital format via Origin’s website.

Sustainability reporting is guided by the  

Global Reporting Initiative and includes 

disclosures of material environmental,  

social and governance (ESG) aspects of the 

Company’s business activities. 

The Company also discloses other ESG 

information via regulated National Greenhouse 

Emissions Reporting, as well as voluntary 

disclosure platforms such as the Carbon 

Disclosure Project and the Dow Jones 

Sustainability Index. ESG disclosures are also 

made to meet FTSE4Good requirements.

All communications from, and the majority  

of communications to, the Company’s share 

registry are available electronically, including  

the publication of company reports, and 

shareholders are encouraged to take  

up the option of e-communications.

The Company’s website contains a list  

of key dates and all recent announcements, 

presentations, past and current company 

reports and notices of meetings. Shareholder 

meetings and results announcements are 

webcast and an archive of these meetings  

is published on the Company’s website.

The Company welcomes and encourages 

shareholders to attend and participate at its 

AGM, either in person, by proxy or attorney  

or by other means adopted by the Board.  

At each AGM, the Chairman will allow  

a reasonable opportunity for shareholders  

to ask questions of the Board. Shareholders 

who are unable to attend the AGM will be able 

to view a webcast of the meeting (and certain 

past AGMs) on the Company’s website.

The Company has a dedicated investor  

relations function to facilitate effective  

two-way communication with investors.  

This is in conjunction with a wider stakeholder 

engagement program.

The Communications with Shareholders  

Policy is available on the Company’s website.

Recognise and manage risk

The Board has an overarching policy  

governing Origin’s approach to risk oversight 

and management and internal control systems.

The Risk Committee overseas its policies and 

procedures in relation to risk management  

and internal control systems.

The Risk Committee reviews Origin’s risk 

management framework annually. Origin’s risk 

policies are designed to identify, assess, address 

and monitor strategic, operational (including 

risks to health, safety and the environment), 

legal, reputational, commodity, environmental, 

social and financial risks to achieve business 

objectives. Certain specific risks are covered  

by insurance and the Board has also approved 

policies for hedging interest rates, foreign 

exchange rates and commodities.

Management is responsible for the design  

and implementation of the risk management 

and internal control systems to manage Origin’s 

business risks. Management has reported to  

the Risk Committee and the Board that, as at  

30 June 2015, its material business risks are 

being managed effectively.

Beyond the financial results, the Company  

is witnessing changes in community attitudes 

and increased focus on local and global 

environmental challenges. The Company 

recognises the need for disclosure to help 

investors assess both short term and long term 

risks and prospects. The Sustainability Report  

is re-examined each year to assess the quality 

and extent of that disclosure.

Origin assesses the environmental and social 

risks associated with all projects and operations. 

Projects are developed with precautionary 

engineering and management measures in place 

to mitigate or manage key environmental and 

social risks, and operations are managed using 

policies and procedures to control remaining 

environmental and social risks. Environmental 

and social risk management is subject to 

periodic audits and assurance.

As one of Australia’s largest power generators, 

Origin closely measures, manages and reports 

on the emissions associated with its generation 

operations. A large proportion of these are 

governed by laws and regulations. In addition, 

the Company voluntarily reports its emissions, 

and management of this extends to the active 

development of a low carbon power generation 

portfolio including natural gas and wind.

Further detail on Recognising and Managing  

risk can be found in the Annual Report and  

on Origin’s website. 

Remunerate fairly and responsibly

The remuneration of Non-executive Directors 

is structured separately from that of the 

Executive Directors and senior executives. 

The Remuneration Report sets out details  

of the Company’s policies and practices for 

remunerating Directors, key management 

personnel and employees. Further information 

about the Remuneration Committee’s activities 

is provided in the Remuneration Report.



Our Diversity and 

Inclusion Policy 

guides behaviours 

and actions, and 

aims to create an 

environment in 

which all individuals 

are supported and 

respected.

54

MANAGING OUR BUSINESS


DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION

Origin is committed to providing equality  

of opportunity and a rewarding workplace  

for all employees. Increasing gender diversity, 

especially in senior roles, is an ongoing policy 

priority. Our Diversity and Inclusion Policy 

guides behaviours and actions, and aims to 

create an environment in which all individuals 

are supported and respected.

Our Policy applies to all aspects of employment 

including recruitment, selection, promotion, 

training, remuneration, benefits, performance 

management, and all other terms and conditions 

of employment. A particular priority is improving 

gender balance, especially in senior roles. 

Origin continues to be recognised as Workplace 

Gender Equality Agency’s Employer of Choice 

for Gender Equality. Origin is also the only 

Australian company to rank in the top 20  

in a global Ernst &amp; Young report(1) on gender 

diversity in the Power and Utilities industry.  

We were the best performer in the Asia Pacific 

region, and ranked fifth globally.

We have also been recognised by Females  

in IT and Telecommunications (FITT) in its  

2015 Diversity Report as the most supportive 

place for women to work in IT in Australia.  

Of 30 companies named in FITT’s report,  

Origin was chosen as number one for women. 

To date, women make up 41 per cent of Origin’s 

IT team compared with the IT sector average  

of 28 per cent.

As part of our commitment to increase gender 

diversity at Origin, we have committed to three 

voluntary targets. 

Voluntary targets

Accordingly the Company committed  

in FY2015 to: 

1.  

 continue to deliver equal average pay  

for men and women at each job grade; 

2. 

 increase the number of women in senior 

roles, with a target to improve the rate  

of appointment of women to senior roles 

by 15 per cent; and

3. 

 improve our retention of women in senior 

roles, with a target to improve our turnover 

rate among women in senior roles by  

15 per cent.

Progress against these targets is reported 

internally on a quarterly basis to the Diversity 

Council comprising the Executive Management 

Team and chaired by the Managing Director.

Performance against targets 

Deliver equal average pay for  

men and women at each job grade

Average pay for men and women at each job 

grade fluctuates through the year with turnover, 

recruitment and promotions, but once a year 

the Company undertakes a comprehensive 

review of all aspects of remuneration. In FY2015 

the average female pay was higher at some 

grades than average male pay and lower at 

others. The average difference between male 

and female pay across all job grades was within  

our targeted range of less than one per cent. 

Job grades are defined using standard Hay  

Pay Scales.

(1) Ernst &amp; Young, Talent at the table: 

Women in Power and Utilities Index, 2015

BELOW  

Origin is committed to workplace diversity 

and equal opportunity for its people.



55

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

MANAGING OUR BUSINESS


Improve our rate of appointment  

of women to senior roles by 15 per cent 

versus the prior year

The percentage of women recruited into senior 

roles (35.9 per cent) was comfortably the highest 

ever, as shown in the chart on the left. Key 

policies and actions to drive this result included: 

every interview panel for a senior role must  

be made up of both men and women; where 

possible(1) every shortlist must have at least  

one woman; and progress versus target for  

each Business Unit is reported to and reviewed 

by the Diversity Council each quarter.

Improve our turnover rate among senior 

women by 15 per cent versus the prior year

The rate of senior female turnover actually 

increased this year. Like FY2013, which included 

a significant downsizing program in Energy 

Markets, both male and female turnover 

increased in FY2015.

As at 30 June 2015, 40 per cent of Origin’s 

employees were female(2). Eleven per cent of the 

Executive Management Team and 28.1 per cent 

of senior roles were filled by women. 

Definition of seniority

For the purpose of setting targets, we define 

seniority by reference to standard Hay Pay 

Scale job grades rather than by reference  

to reporting relationship to the CEO.  

We do this for two reasons:

 

—

to make genuine comparisons of seniority. 

Executives leading four support functions 

currently report to the CEO. A large 

number of people in areas such as legal, 

company secretary, human resources  

and communications are therefore  

only two or three steps below the CEO, 

whereas many roles with significant line 

management responsibility, large teams  

or bottom line accountability are not; and 

 

—

to make analysis comparable over time.  

Any restructure that changes Executive 

Management Team roles also changes  

the reporting relationship of hundreds  

of people at lower levels, making it 

impossible to accurately compare progress 

on gender pay equality at those levels 

before and after the restructure. 

The cohort we define as ‘senior roles’ includes  

all people in Hay Pay Scale job grades that pay 

approximately $150,000 per year or more  

in total remuneration(3). As at 30 June 2015 

there were 1,861 people in senior roles,  

of which 28.1 per cent were women.

Gender breakdown by reporting 

relationship to the CEO 

While the Company does not use reporting 

relationship to the CEO to define Origin’s 

gender diversity targets, the gender profile  

of these cohorts is of interest to some  

external stakeholders and is presented  

in the following diagram.

FEMALES IN SELECTED COHORTS  

AS AT 30 JUNE 2015(4)

Females on the Board

 33%

9 people in cohort

11%

CEO-1 

Executive Management Team

9 people in cohort

29%

CEO-2 

Other executives, general managers  

and managers

51 people in cohort

34%

CEO-3 

Managers

158 people in cohort

28.1%

Females in senior roles 

See discussion on this page

1,861 people in cohort

Targets for FY2016

Origin’s targets for equal pay and for senior 

appointments will remain the same as last year. 

However, Origin’s turnover target will change.  

In recent years Origin has targeted a 15 per cent 

year on year reduction in turnover of senior 

women. However our turnover rate for senior 

women, as for men, has been mainly driven  

by economic factors unrelated to differential 

treatment by gender. 

For FY2016, the Company will instead measure 

the difference in male turnover and female 

turnover rates among our senior employees, 

with a target to reduce the gap between female 

and male turnover to zero. While male and 

female turnover is strongly correlated, female 

turnover in senior roles has on average been 

higher than male turnover for most of the last 

ten years. In FY2015 the turnover rate for 

women in senior roles was 1.8 percentage 

points higher than the male rate. 

In summary Origin’s targets for FY2016 are:

 

—

continue to deliver equal average pay  

for men and women at each job grade;

 

—

improve the proportion of senior roles 

occupied by women, with targets to:

 

—

improve our rate of appointment of 

women to senior roles by 15 per cent 

compared to FY2015; and

 

—

reduce the gap between female  

and male turnover rates to zero.

The Board is responsible for overseeing the 

Company’s strategies on gender diversity, 

including monitoring of the Company’s 

achievements against any gender targets  

set by the Board. The Board has set itself  

a target of having at least 40 per cent  

females by 2020. 

(1) Some senior roles, mainly engineering 

and technical, receive no female 

applicants.

(2) This excludes Eraring Power Station  

and New Zealand employees.

(3) The number can only be approximate 

because exact remuneration varies  

by individual by year according to their 

assessed performance under the  

Short Term Incentive Scheme.

(4) Definitions of CEO-1, CEO-2  

and CEO-3 are as per Workplace 

Gender Equality Agency guidelines. 

That is, they do not include clerical  

and administrative staff or other  

staff that do not themselves manage 

other people. With all staff included, 

CEO-3 at Origin was 49 per cent  

female out of a total cohort of 269  

as at June 30 2015.

APPOINTMENT TO SENIOR  

ROLES, FEMALE (%)

22.8

23.4

24.2

25.8

25.7

24.5

37.3

35.9

32.5

FY08

FY09

FY10

FY11

FY12

FY13

FY14

TARGET

FY15

FY15

SENIOR FEMALE TURNOVER (%)

17.1

16.5

15.1

13.9

14.0

18.2

11.4

14.8

13.4

FY08

FY09

FY10

FY11

FY12

FY13

FY14

TARGET

FY15

FY15

56

MANAGING OUR BUSINESS


RECONCILIATION ACTION PLAN 

There is still on average a large gap between  

the lives and prospects of Aboriginal and Torres 

Strait Islander Australians and those of other 

Australians. Many organisations across Australia 

are taking action to close this gap and Origin’s 

first Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP) is our 

contribution to this collective effort.

Launched in April 2015, Origin’s RAP officially 

outlines our commitment to respect the rights 

and interests of the Aboriginal and Torres Strait 

Islander communities in which we operate, and 

is underpinned by our principles of diversity and 

inclusion. The plan also serves to highlight the 

Company’s recognition that we have the 

opportunity – and the obligation – to play  

a more active role in Australia’s reconciliation 

efforts. The plan provides a list of our aspirations 

for 2015 and 2016 under four areas: culture  

of respect; education, skills, jobs and careers; 

commerce and community development; and 

relationships and partnerships that will add value 

to our efforts, and the efforts of others.

As part of the 2015 National Reconciliation 

Week, Origin Managing Director Grant King 

and Origin CEO Integrated Gas David Baldwin 

met with Reconciliation Australia’s CEO Justin 

Mohamed. It was an opportunity for us to share 

with Reconciliation Australia our plans and 

aspirations, as we look to deliver on our 

commitments contained within the RAP.



DISCOVER  

MORE  

ONLINE

Melanie Grills is the Manager, 

Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander 

Strategy and Engagement for 

Integrated Gas, and a member  

of Origin’s Reconciliation Advisory 

Committee. Melanie and 10 other 

Committee members are helping 

guide implementation of Origin’s 

first Reconciliation Action Plan.

”I am a Gomeroi Woman from Moree  

in New South Wales. I’ve worked for Origin 

for almost three years and as I reflect on  

our reconciliation journey so far, I am excited 

about the ways in which Origin can and  

will make a contribution to reconciliation  

in Australia.

“Every day that I come to work, I am 

motivated by hope. Hope that more  

and more people will open themselves  

to acknowledging our shared history  

and seeing the beauty of the world’s  

oldest living culture through a lens  

free from bias. 

“Hope for my daughter that outside our 

family home, she can see, feel and hear 

others celebrate her culture in a society 

where inclusivity is the norm. Hope that  

our organisation realises its potential  

to become leaders of authenticity  

in this space.”



A PERSONAL REFLECTION  

FROM AN ORIGIN EMPLOYEE

ABOVE  

Origin’s Melanie Grills with son Charlie.



Origin’s RAP 

officially outlines  

our commitment  

to respect the  

rights and interests 

of the Aboriginal  

and Torres Strait 

Islander communities 

in which we operate.

57

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

MANAGING OUR BUSINESS


(1) AON Hewitt’s methodology.

EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT

Origin is committed to creating a rewarding 

workplace for its people by valuing their 

contribution, encouraging personal development, 

recognising good performance and fostering 

diversity and equality of opportunity. An engaged, 

high performing workforce is intrinsically tied  

to a company’s performance, innovation, 

productivity and overall success.

Steps to strengthen engagement

At Origin, we have been taking steps to create  

a more rewarding workplace for our employees. 

An important first step was developing a better 

understanding of what our employees think  

and feel about Origin, to help us create targeted 

action plans. We undertake employee surveys 

to capture feedback and provide employees 

with a voice to help shape their workplace.

Past engagement surveys demonstrate 

employee recognition of the emphasis  

Origin places on safety, diversity and work-life 

balance; as well as the company’s drive to set 

clear direction through KPIs. Our results  

in these areas are well above average for  

an Australian company. 

We use AON Hewitt’s methodology to measure 

engagement, which helps us understand  

how much our people want to improve  

business performance, and how much they  

are actually contributing.

During the 2015 financial year, our employee 

engagement score was introduced as a Key 

Performance Indicator (KPI) and linked  

to executive remuneration. 

Eighty-six per cent of Origin employees 

participated in the survey and our 2015 

engagement score improved from 47 per cent  

to 52 per cent, an increase of 11 per cent.  

While we have more work to do to reach the 

Australian average of 57 per cent(1), the results 

demonstrates that more employees were 

connected to Origin’s vision and direction,  

were more positive about the brand and  

their day-to-day roles. 

Working@Origin

Our 2014 Origin-wide engagement survey  

told us some important things, and helped  

to crystallise the following three focus areas  

for the business as we strive to create a more 

effective and rewarding workplace:

1. 

 improved systems and processes;

2. 

 manager and leader capability; and 

3. 

 communicating our story. 

This year, we created a new program, Working@

Origin which is how we refer to these initiatives. 

During the period, we undertook a number  

of actions as part of Working@Origin. 

Improved systems and processes

A priority has been investment in people- 

related systems and processes. Our new portal 

will make it easier for our employees to access 

People &amp; Culture services and up-to-date 

people-related information. We are also 

introducing a new advisory service which 

provides our people managers with immediate 

access to Business Partner advice via phone  

and email. These new services will be available 

across the Company early in the 2016  

financial year. 

Manager and leader capability 

We are committed to building the capability  

of people managers across the business through 

our Management and Leadership program. 

During the year, we defined the 13 behaviours 

expected of all people managers at Origin. 

We’ve also introduced three key learning 

initiatives as follows:

 

—

Monthly Management-In-Focus Sessions;

 

—

training across the areas of self-awareness, 

communications skills and managing 

performance; and

 

—

peer-based learning groups. 

Our learning initiatives are currently  

being undertaken by all people managers  

across Origin.

Communicating our story 

The Origin brand is one of our most valuable 

assets, and we believe our employees can be 

great advocates of Origin. As such, it is imperative 

we invest in communicating our story – who  

we are, what we do, what we stand for – so our 

employees can be proud of where they work. 

Increasingly, more and more people are using 

online channels to access information and 

interact with Origin. Reflecting this trend,  

we launched a new responsive website which 

enables a consistent look across all devices  

– phone, tablet, laptop etc. Customers have  

been at the heart of the new design and  

as part of the new website, we have also 

refreshed our My Account so customers  

can truly do business with us at any time  

of the day, or day of the week. 

We have also launched the Origin ‘Blog’.  

This provides us with a new way to  

engage and connect with our customers,  

the community, government and media  

on matters related to energy. 

Our Energy Made Fresh Daily campaign was 

relaunched in May. The campaign continues  

our story and encourages Australians to make 

energy fresh daily through solar power. 

Earlier in 2015, we also launched the Everyone 

Can Help Out (ECHO) app, which enables 

employees to use their smart phone to fast 

track support for customer enquiries and sales. 

Our Next Generation communication program 

delivered new and improved ways to 

communicate with our employees and continued 

our focus on building employee engagement.  



In early 2015,  

we launched the 

ECHO app which 

enables employees 

to use their smart 

phone to fast  

track customer 

support and sales 

enquiries for family 

and friends.

58

MANAGING OUR BUSINESS




WE HELP  

BRUCE AND 

KATE WHIP 

UP A MEAL

We provide natural gas 

to aspiring chefs across 

Australia so they can 

show off their skills  

in the kitchen.

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

59


DEVELOPING CLEANER  

ENERGY SOLUTIONS

Origin’s business is well-positioned for  

a carbon-constrained future, as it is made  

up primarily of investments in natural gas  

and renewable energy. These fuels will remain 

the primary focus of Origin’s investment in 

future energy solutions, whether in Australia  

or internationally, as pursued through our  

three businesses: 

 

—

a regional leader in energy markets; 

 

—

a regionally significant position in natural 

gas and LNG production; and,

 

—

a growing position in renewable energy. 

Energy Markets

Our Energy Markets business generates power 

on a utility scale, provides distributed energy 

solutions such as solar PV to both residential 

and commercial customers and also pursues an 

innovation program aiming to provide new 

energy technologies and solutions to help 

customers use energy more efficiently. 

At a utility scale, Origin is currently considering 

potential future investments in renewable 

energy generation. The Australian power 

generation market is currently over-supplied 

and so new generation is not required in  

order to meet growth in demand. However,  

the Australian Government’s legislated RET 

requires that 33 TWh of electricity will come  

from renewable sources by 2020. Substantial 

investment is required in large-scale renewable 

energy projects over the next five years  

in order to achieve the target. 

We are currently considering the potential 

development of Stockyard Hill Wind Farm  

in Victoria, which has already received planning 

approval, and the potential for utility scale solar 

plants in Queensland, to help meet the target. 

In addition to large scale renewable energy 

assets, distributed forms of power generation 

such as solar PV have grown substantially  

over the past five years, giving people the 

opportunity to generate their own renewable 

energy. Australia has the highest penetration  

of solar anywhere in the world(1) and Origin  

is one of the largest solar providers. Today,  

we have more than 391,000 solar customers, 

having directly installed more than 80,000  

solar systems. 

In 2014, we announced a renewed commitment 

to our solar business, bringing new products  

and services to market such as Solar as a Service,  

a Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) product 

which provides customers with the benefits  

of solar without having to purchase the system. 

This is helping to open up solar to new markets, 

including small, medium and large businesses. 

Approximately 40 per cent of solar sales are 

now coming from Solar as a Service. Origin 

continues to see a strong opportunity to  

grow our solar business, with reports that  

solar penetration in Australia could grow from 

around 4 GW today to 18-20 GW by 2030 

aided by new technologies(2).

Energy Markets also seeks to develop new 

solutions for consumers and businesses that 

help make their energy consumption more 

visible, efficient, affordable and deliver lower 

carbon outcomes. These solutions include  

smart metering, battery storage and electric 

vehicles, among other things. 

This year, Origin has been trialling a battery 

product in market. We expect the battery 

market to initially be small, but to grow  

larger beyond 2020 when the economics 

improve as technology costs come down.  

It is Origin’s expectation that batteries  

will work as a complement to the existing  

grid, as opposed to working in direct 

competition with it. 

The world is facing the challenge of increasing 

energy supply to meet growing demand, while  

at the same time limiting emissions from energy 

production to help combat climate change.  

As an energy company planning long-term 

investments in energy solutions, Origin thinks 

deeply about these challenges and the role  

we can we play in solving them. In this section,  

we discuss how the pursuit of Origin’s business 

strategy will drive the Company’s roll out  

of lower carbon and renewable energy solutions.

FUTURE 

ENERGY 

SOLUTIONS

(1) Energy Supply Association of Australia, 

Household Solar: Australia First, Daylight 

Second, 2015

(2) Bloomberg New Energy Finance



Origin’s business  

is well-positioned 

for a carbon-

constrained future, 

as it is made up 

primarily of 

investments  

in natural gas  

and renewable 

energy.

60

FUTURE ENERGY SOLUTIONS


Natural Gas and LNG

Origin is a leader in the development  

of natural gas resources in Australia. Through 

our natural gas and LNG business, we explore 

for commercial quantities of gas that can  

be economically developed and connected  

to markets, including opportunities to liquefy 

the gas for safe transportation to regional 

markets such as Asia.

As a cleaner burning fuel that is safely 

transportable, natural gas will continue  

to play a critical role in meeting the world’s 

growing demand for energy. Natural gas  

can produce up to 70 per cent(1) less carbon 

emissions than coal when used for power 

generation, and as the world’s fastest growing 

fossil fuel it is expected to play an increasing  

role in displacing coal. 

The IEA expects global gas demand to increase 

by an annual average of 2.0 per cent between 

now and 2020(2). The outlook for gas demand  

in China, non-OECD Asia and Africa to 2020  

is higher, with compound average growth rates 

of 10, 2.9 and 3.0 per cent respectively(2). 

Origin’s Integrated Gas business comprises the 

Australia Pacific LNG project, which is nearing 

completion, as well as a number of exploration 

and production interests in Australia and  

New Zealand.

Australia Pacific LNG, in which Origin has  

a 37.5 per cent shareholding, is contracted  

to export approximately 8.6 million tonnes  

per annum of LNG to customers in China  

and Japan under long-term contracts for 

approximately 20 years. 

In Australia, the LNG market is expected  

to triple between now and 2017 with the 

completion of a number of projects and ramp 

up of exports from the east coast, making 

Australia the world’s largest producer  

of LNG by 2018(3).

A Worley Parsons report found that for each 

tonne of carbon emissions from LNG production 

in Australia, carbon emissions in China are 

reduced by 4.3 tonnes when this gas is used  

in electricity generation in place of coal(4).  

This demonstrates one of the global benefits 

available from the development of Australia’s 

abundant natural gas resources.

Origin also has natural gas exploration and 

production interests principally located in 

eastern and southern Australia, the Browse  

and Perth basins in Western Australia, the 

Bonaparte Basin in north western Australia  

and Beetaloo basins in the Northern Territory 

and in New Zealand. 

The appraisal and development focus is on 

executing projects with the highest returns  

and shorter payback periods. The success of  

the Halladale and Speculant drilling program  

will enable increased utilisation of the onshore 

Otway facilities, with first gas expected early  

in the 2017 financial year. The Ironbark field  

has also been prioritised for development. 

The Secencio and Waitsia drilling programs  

in the Perth Basin identified significant 

conventional and tight gas potential. Origin  

will continue to work with its joint venture 

partner, AWE Limited to appraise the discovery. 

Origin continues to participate in other 

exploration permit and joint venture 

commitments, including the acquisition  

of seismic survey data in the Canterbury  

Basin in New Zealand.

(1) www.appea.com.au/oil-gas-explained/

benefits/cleaner-energy/ 

(2) International Energy Agency, 

Medium-Term Gas Market Report 2015. 

(3) RBA Bulletin, Australia and the Global 

LNG Market: March Quarter 2015.

(4) Worley Parsons, Greenhouse Gas 

Emissions Study of Australian CSG  

to LNG, 2011.



BELOW  

Australia Pacific LNG’s project remains  

on track.

61

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

FUTURE ENERGY SOLUTIONS


RENEWABLE ENERGY 

OPPORTUNITIES

One of Origin’s priorities is to grow our 

capabilities and investment in renewable  

energy. In 2014, renewable energy accounted 

for nearly half of all new power generation 

globally(1). We expect energy sources like  

hydro, geothermal and solar to play an 

increasingly important role in the global  

energy mix in the future and Origin will  

play a part in that growth. 

In addition to the Australian solar and wind 

opportunities pursued through the Energy 

Markets business, Origin also has interests  

in a range of hydro, geothermal and large- 

scale solar projects in Chile and Indonesia. 

Chile 

Over the past decade, Chile has become one  

of the fastest growing economies in South 

America, and in 2010 was the first South 

American country to join the OECD. It is also 

the world’s dominant producer of copper, and 

with increasing demand for copper, electricity 

consumption is expected to nearly double from 

around 66 TWh to almost 130 TWh by 2030(2). 

Chile has abundant renewable energy resources 

and limited fossil fuels, driving strong growth  

in renewable energy. The government has also 

set a renewable energy target of 20 per cent  

by 2025. 

Origin has been pursuing opportunities in 

geothermal and solar with its interest in Energía 

Andina, its joint venture with Antofagasta 

Minerals in Chile, the Alfa solar development 

project and in hydro with Energía Austral 

Cuervo hydroelectric plant.

During the 2015 financial year, Origin increased 

its investment in Energía Andina by 9.9 per cent 

to 49.9 per cent. In the same period, Energía 

Andina acquired a 40 per cent stake in the 69 MW 

Javiera solar project in Chile’s Atacama Desert, 

which is considered to be one of the world’s 

best solar resources. It commenced commercial 

operations in the second half of the 2015 

financial year. US-based solar leader SunEdison 

is also a partner in Javiera, which has a long-term 

PPA to sell energy to the Los Pelambres copper 

mine. Origin also acquired 100 per cent of  

the Alfa solar development project, which is 

approved for 280 MW with a possible expansion 

to 530 MW, also located in the Atacama Desert. 

Origin has a 33 per cent interest in Energía 

Austral, which is currently progressing the 

potential development of a 640 MW hydro 

project known as Cuervo.

Indonesia 

With a population of around 257 million(3) 

Indonesia is the world’s fourth most populous 

nation behind China, India and the US. 

Estimated to have about 40 per cent of  

the world’s potential geothermal reserves(4), 

Indonesia’s potential for renewable energy  

is high. In the lead up to the United Nations 

Framework Convention on Climate Change 

meeting in Paris, the government has 

announced a further renewable energy target 

of 19 per cent by 2019. The existing target 

envisages 25 per cent of renewable energy  

by 2025. 

Through our interest in Geothermal Services 

Indonesia (OTP), Origin is pursuing geothermal 

opportunities. OTP continues to progress  

its geothermal developments and recently 

signed a PPA for the Sorik Marapi project  

in North Sumatra. Securing this agreement  

will help underpin the next stage of 

development of the resource.

(1) International Energy Agency,  

Energy and Climate Change: World 

Energy Outlook Special Report, 2015.

(2) National Electricity Commission,  

April 2015, Node Price Report.

(3) United Nations, World Population 

Prospects, 2015 Revision.

(4) www.worldbank.org/en/news/feature/ 

2011/07/26/indonesia-expand-

geothermal-power-alternative-coal.



Origin has an 

interest in the  

69 MW Javiera  

solar project  

in Chile’s Atacama 

Desert – one of  

the world’s best 

solar resources.



BELOW  

The 69 MW Javiera solar project in Chile. 

62

FUTURE ENERGY SOLUTIONS




WE HELP  

YOUNG 

PEOPLE BE 

THEIR BEST

We’re committed 

to giving young 

Australians a brighter 

future through 

education, training  

and development.

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

63


The Foundation provides funding to Australian 

non-profit organisations that use education, 

training and development to help young people 

become the best that they can be. Since 

inception, the Origin Foundation has committed 

to giving $17.8 million and helped more than 

22,000 Australian children with their education. 

While the focus of the Foundation has spanned 

the education lifecycle, from early childhood 

intervention to life-long learning, we have now 

sharpened our focus on the following areas:

 

—

creating greater gender diversity in  

‘STEM’ education – science, technology, 

engineering and maths;

 

—

providing equality of educational 

opportunity for Indigenous students, and 

children in rural and remote Australia; 

 

—

building a stronger community sector  

by increasing the professionalism and 

productivity of the not-for-profit sector 

through training and development; and

 

—

facilitating engagement in the community 

by Origin employees.

Through our Grants Program, we have funded 

more than 187 scholarships for current and 

future leaders in the not-for-profit sector over 

the past four years. We are funding research by 

the Centre for Social Impact, which we hope will 

demonstrate the positive impact of continuing 

education and training and shift attitudes within 

the sector and among funders.

We have long believed that educational 

opportunity should be available to all  

children. More than 33 per cent of our grant 

commitments have gone towards Indigenous 

education programs in Australia and parts  

of the Asia Pacific region. Forty-five per cent  

of our funding has been directed at programs 

operating in rural and regional Australia.

For the past three years we have been funding 

the development of The Smith Family’s Let’s Count 

early math program for pre-school children. 

Evaluation of the program has shown that Let’s 

Count has positively impacted on the children, 

parents and educators who participated, 

demonstrating that children who undertake the 

program are achieving to a significantly greater 

level than their peers who were not involved  

in the program. We profile this program in the 

story Boosting Maths Skills and Confidence  

on page 65. 

Origin’s employees play a critical role in the 

Origin Foundation through the Give Time 

program. With fully paid volunteer leave, Origin 

employees donate their time and professional 

skills to help our Foundation partners. In the 

2015 financial year, 940 employees gave  

5,809 hours to a wide variety of projects, 

including helping young Indigenous children 

with their reading, hosting high school  

industry career visits, assisting with bushfire 

recovery efforts, renovating a rooftop 

playground, and providing mentoring for 

disadvantaged teenagers.

The Foundation also matches the donations 

Origin employees make to charitable 

organisations through the workplace giving 

program. In the 2015 financial year, Origin 

employees donated more than $370,000 

through the Give2 program. When matched  

by the Origin Foundation, over $740,000  

went to the not-for-profit sector, to support 

over 238 organisations representing causes 

such as cancer research, men’s health, and 

sustainable solutions to poverty.

The performance of the Origin Foundation  

is published annually and can be read at  

www.originfoundation.com.au. We look  

forward to the continued growth of the  

Origin Foundation’s activities and impact  

in coming years.

The Origin Foundation is our philanthropic  

body, funded and established by Origin in 2010.  

Our focus, chosen by the people of Origin, is to 

support programs that use education to help  

break the cycle of disadvantage and empower  

young Australians to reach their potential. 

PHILANTHROPY



Since its inception, 

the Origin 

Foundation has 

committed to giving 

$17.8 million and 

helped more than 

22,000 Australian 

children with their 

education.

64

PHILANTHROPY




The Smith Family’s Head of Research and 

Advocacy Anne Hampshire said numeracy  

is a critical skill for everyday activities and  

early mathematical literacy assists children  

in building a bright future. 

“The results clearly show how we can improve 

disadvantaged children’s mathematical skills and 

confidence and help set them up for success  

at school,” Anne said. 

“We know that childhood maths skills predict 

later maths achievement – children who start 

ahead generally stay ahead. So if we can get 

disadvantaged children off to a great start with 

their mathematics, we’re setting them up for 

future success.

“Having proven the effectiveness of Let’s Count, 

there is now great scope to expand the program 

to support many more children across Australia. 

We encourage governments, educators, 

philanthropy and corporates to embrace  

the potential of this program for the benefit  

of all young children and the long-term  

future of Australia.” 

Through the financial support of $1.6 million 

from the Origin Foundation, the program  

has reached 8,500 children, 4,500 parents  

and more than 300 educators across  

17 Australian communities. 

DISCOVER  

MORE  

ONLINE

The Origin Foundation has 

supported The Smith Family’s  

Let’s Count program, an innovative 

early numeracy program, which 

helps three to five year olds boost 

their mathematical skills. 

It would be hard to find a better cause  

than assisting children in disadvantaged 

communities improve their mathematical 

skills and confidence. 

The Smith Family’s Let’s Count program  

is an innovative early numeracy program, 

helping three to five year olds do just that.

Let’s Count gives young children early 

exposure to mathematics, including 

counting, measurement, patterns and  

spatial awareness as well as support  

and learning resources for families  

and care givers. 



BOOSTING MATHS SKILLS  

AND CONFIDENCE 

ABOVE  

Crunching the numbers at Gowrie St 

Preschool and Occasional Care. Ned 

Pattison and Steele Bajada enjoy the 

Let’s Count program.

Let’s Count for Origin employees

The Origin Foundation has also  

worked with The Smith Family to create  

a condensed version of the Let’s Count 

program for Origin employees who are 

parents of young children. More than  

300 Origin employees have participated  

in LetsCount@Work one-hour workshops,  

to learn fun and practical ways to support 

their child’s early numeracy development. 

The Smith Family is now offering these 

workshops to other organisations, which  

pay for the sessions for their employees.  

An innovative social enterprise model,  

the revenue raised is channelled back into 

the delivery of the Let’s Count program  

to help children in disadvantaged 

communities across Australia. 

65

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

PHILANTHROPY




Over two hundred school students in the 

Toowoomba region were asked to imagine  

a career which could take them to remote 

locations around the world, building and 

delivering critical infrastructure for the 

communities where it is needed most. 

Given the nature of Origin’s business,  

we employ a large number of engineers and 

scientists. Some of these people were asked  

to volunteer and share their careers with  

the students and facilitate hands-on learning, 

such as building a functioning water filter  

out of common household materials, and 

constructing housing which can adapt  

to changing water levels.

Over 25 of our engineering and science experts 

travelled to Toowoomba to share first-hand 

STEM expertise including mechanical, pipeline, 

drilling and civil engineering, information 

technology, and environmental science. 

Michelle Cheah, from Engineers Without 

Borders Australia said, “The day helps inspire the 

next generation of engineers and demonstrates  

how science, technology, engineering and 

maths can be applied to make a positive impact 

on people’s lives. It’s a side of the profession that 

students don’t often associate with engineering.”

The Origin Foundation provided funding and 

access to engineering experts who currently 

work with Origin.

DISCOVER  

MORE  

ONLINE

The Origin Foundation and 

Engineers Without Borders 

Australia are working together  

to promote careers in engineering 

and science, to make sure Australia 

has the skills available in the future 

to meet the challenges that  

lie ahead. 

According to Professor Ian Chubb, Australia’s 

Chief Scientist, the nation needs to invest  

in all levels of STEM education – science, 

technology, engineering and maths – to meet 

the challenges that lie ahead this century. 

This is one reason the Origin Foundation 

partnered with Engineers Without Borders 

Australia – a not-for-profit organisation 

working to improve access to clean water, 

sanitation and hygiene, energy and waste 

systems in countries that need it most. 

Promoting careers in engineering  

and science to senior school students  

in southern Queensland. 



ENGINEERS WILL BE CRUCIAL TO MEETING  

THE CHALLENGES THAT LIE AHEAD 

ABOVE  

Origin employees, Naz Riffah 

(Completions and Workovers Engineer) 

and Tom Hansford (Mechanical Integrity 

Engineer) inspiring school students  

in the Toowoomba region.

The day helps  

inspire the next 

generation of 

engineers and 

demonstrates  

how science, 

technology, 

engineering and 

maths can be 

applied to make  

a positive impact  

on people’s lives.

Michelle Cheah  

Engineers Without Borders

66

PHILANTHROPY


RATINGS AND 

BENCHMARKS

During the year, Origin participated in a number  

of surveys commissioned by different sustainability 

ratings agencies. 

These help our stakeholders review our performance 

using common benchmarks.

RATINGS AND BENCHMARKS



Dow Jones Sustainability Index

We were included in the Dow Jones 

Sustainability Index. This tracks the 

performance of the top 30 per cent  

of companies in the S&amp;P/ASX 200 that  

lead the field in terms of sustainability.  

The Index is based on an analysis of  

corporate economic, environmental and  

social performance, assessing issues such  

as corporate governance, risk management, 

branding, climate change mitigation, supply 

chain standards and labour practices. 

CDP

Origin participates in CDP’s annual request  

for disclosure of climate change impact. CDP  

is an international not-for-profit organisation 

providing the only global system for companies 

and cities to measure, disclose, manage and 

share vital environmental information. 

FTSE4Good

Since 2004, Origin has been a member of the 

FTSE4Good Index Series, which is designed  

to measure the performance of companies 

demonstrating strong Environmental, Social 

and Governance practices.









London Benchmarking Group

LBG is the global standard for measuring  

and benchmarking corporate community 

investment. Our community investment  

data is independently verified by LBG,  

which promotes a consistent set of criteria  

for determining community investment, 

donations and commercial initiatives  

in the community.

Energy Supply Association of Australia

Since 2009, Origin has been a signatory  

to the Energy Supply Association of Australia’s 

(esaa) Sustainable Practice Framework, which  

is a major platform for the energy supply 

sector’s work in improving sustainability  

in the industry.

Feedback contact

originsustainability@originenergy.com.au

Origin Sustainability  

Level 45, Australia Square 

264-278 George Street 

Sydney NSW 2000 

Australia

67

ORIGIN ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2015

RATINGS AND BENCHMARKS


NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES

This document includes certain Non-IFRS 

Financial Measures. Non-IFRS Financial Measures 

are defined as financial measures that are presented 

other than in accordance with all relevant 

Accounting Standards. Non-IFRS Financial 

Measures are used internally by management  

to assess the performance of Origin’s business, 

and to make decisions on allocation of resources. 

The Non-IFRS Financial Measures have been 

derived from Statutory Financial Measures 

included in the Origin Consolidated Financial 

Statements, and are provided in this report,  

along with the Statutory Financial Measures to 

enable further insight and a different perspective 

into the financial performance, including profit 

and loss and cash flow outcomes, of the Origin 

business. The key Non-IFRS Financial Measures 

included in this report are defined below.

Group OCAT Group Operating Cash Flow After 

Tax (OCAT) of the Consolidated Entity (including 

Origin’s share of Australia Pacific LNG OCAT).

Underlying profit and loss measures

 

—

Profit

 

—

EBITDA

Underlying measures are measures used internally 

by management to assess the profitability of the 

Origin business. The Underlying profit and loss 

measures are derived from the equivalent 

Statutory Profit measures disclosed in the Origin 

Consolidated Financial Statements and exclude 

the impact of certain items that do not align with 

the manner in which the Managing Director reviews 

the financial and operating performance of the 

business. Underlying Profit is disclosed in note A1 

of the Origin Consolidated Financial Statements. 

NON-FINANCIAL TERMS

1P reserves Proved Reserves are those reserves 

which analysis of geological and engineering  

data can be estimated with reasonable certainty 

to be commercially recoverable. There should  

be at least a 90 per cent probability that the 

quantities actually recovered will equal  

or exceed the estimate.

2P reserves The sum of Proved plus Probable 

Reserves. Probable Reserves are those reserves 

which analysis of geological and engineering  

data indicate are less likely to be recovered than 

Proved Reserves but more certain than Possible 

Reserves. There should be at least a 50 per cent 

probability that the quantities actually recovered 

will equal or exceed the best estimate of Proved 

Plus Probable Reserves.

3P reserves Proved plus Probable plus  

Possible Reserves. Possible Reserves are those 

additional Reserves which analysts of geological 

and engineering data suggest are less likely  

to be recoverable than Probable Reserves.  

The total quantities ultimately recovered from  

the project have at least a 10 per cent probability 

of exceeding the sum of Proved plus Probable 

plus Possible, which is equivalent to the high 

estimate scenario.

Availability The time a generation plant was 

available for use, after deducting planned and 

unplanned outage hours, compared with the  

total time under review.

Biodiversity values A system’s biodiversity  

value can be determined from and defined  

as its productivity, its ability to provide habitats 

for its dependent species and the diversity  

of species it supports.

CSIRO Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial 

Research Organisation.

CSG Coal Seam Gas is natural gas contained 

within coal seams.

Cultural Management Heritage Plans  

Policies and protocols to manage and protect 

cultural heritage.

Downstream Operations and activities that  

take place after gas has been delivered via pipeline 

to the LNG Facility, including dehydration and 

compression of gas into liquid form, storage in 

LNG tanks &amp; transfer to LNG shipping tankers.

ERF Australian Government’s Emissions 

Reduction Fund.

Electricity measures:

Watt (W) A measure of power when  

a one ampere of current flows under  

one volt of pressure.

Kilowatt (kW) One kW equals 1,000 watts.

Kilowatt Hour (kWh) Standard unit of 

electrical energy representing consumption  

of one kilowatt over one hour.

Megawatt (MW) One MW equals 1,000 kW  

or one million watts.

Gigawatt hour (GWh) One GWh equals 

1,000 megawatt hours or one million  

kilowatt hours.

Terawatt hour (TWh) One TWh equals  

1,000 gigawatt hours, or one million  

megawatt hours.

Gas measures:

Joule Primary measure of energy  

in the metric system.

Gigajoule (GJ) A Gigajoule equals  

one billion joules.

Terajoule (TJ) A Terajoule equals  

1,000 gigajoules.

Petajoule (PJ) A Petajoule equals  

one million gigajoules.

Petajoules equivalent (PJe) An energy 

measurement Origin Energy uses to represent 

the equivalent energy in different products  

so the amount of energy contained in these 

products can be compared. The factors used  

by Origin Energy to convert to PJe are:  

one million barrels crude oil equals 5.8 PJe;  

one million barrels condensate equals 5.4 PJe; 

one million tonnes LPG equals 49.3 PJe;  

one TWh of electricity equals 3.6 PJe.

Geothermal Energy that is generated by 

converting hot water or steam from deep 

beneath the Earth’s surface into electricity.

GHG Greenhouse Gas.

Groundwater Water beneath the surface of the 

ground, that has come mainly from the seepage 

of surface water and is held in pervious rocks.

Hydrocarbons Oil and gas, including condensate 

and gas liquids (LPG and ethane).

IEA International Energy Agency.

Kbbls Kilobarrels equals 1,000 barrels.

Kt Kilotonnes equals 1,000 tonnes.

LNG Liquefied natural gas.

LPG Liquefied petroleum gas.

LRA Origins Landholder Relations Adviser.

LTIFR Lost time Injury Frequency Rate.

Material Aspects Activities against which  

we measure sustainability performance. 

NEM The National Electricity Market.

NGOs Non-government organisations.

Offshore exploration The search for 

hydrocarbon deposits under the sea,  

such as natural gas or oil.

Onshore exploration The search for 

hydrocarbon deposits beneath the Earth’s 

surface, such as natural gas or oil.

Origin Foundation Origin’s philanthropic arm.

Photovoltaic Cells convert sunlight  

into electricity.

Power On Origin Energy’s hardship program 

which provides payment options for customers 

experiencing financial difficulty.

Produced Water Water in oil and gas reservoirs 

brought to the surface during hydrocarbon 

production. Typically, the water is highly saline  

and contains traces of inorganic and organic 

contaminants, as well as residual chemical additives.

RET The Federal Government mandated 

Renewable Energy Target.

Seismic survey A geophysical survey  

to understand rock formations beneath  

the Earth’s surface.

SIMP Origin’s Social Impact Management Plan

TRIFR Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate is 

the total number of fatalities and injuries resulting 

in lost time, restricted work duties or medical 

treatment per million hours worked.

Train A series of specialised equipment and 

machinery to purify, dewater and compress 

natural gas, either to high pressure for transport 

in a pipeline, or to liquid for shipping.

Upstream Origin activities involving the 

exploration and production of hydrocarbons.

Water measures:

KL One kilolitre equals one thousand litres 

(1,000 L).

ML One megalitre equals one million litres 

(1,000,000 L).

INFORMATION ON RESERVES  

AND RESOURCES

This Sustainability Report includes disclosures  

of Origin and Australia Pacific LNG’s reserves  

and resources as at 30 June 2015. These reserves 

and resources were announced on 31 July 2015 

in Origin’s Annual Reserves Report for the year 

ended 30 June 2015 (Annual Reserves Report).

Origin confirms that it is not aware of any new 

information or data that materially affects the 

information included in the Annual Reserves 

Report and that all the material assumptions and 

technical parameters underpinning the estimates 

in the Annual Reserves Report continue to apply 

and have not materially changed. Petroleum 

reserves and contingent resources are typically 

prepared by deterministic methods with support 

from probabilistic methods. Petroleum reserves 

and contingent resources are aggregated  

by arithmetic summation by category and as  

a result, proved reserves (1P reserves) may be a 

conservative estimate due to the portfolio effects 

of the arithmetic summation. Proved plus probable 

plus possible (3P reserves) may be an optimistic 

estimate due to the same aforementioned reasons. 

Some of Australia Pacific LNG CSG reserves  

and resources are subject to reversionary rights 

to transfer back to Tri-Star a 45 per cent interest  

in Australia Pacific LNG’s share of those CSG 

interests that were acquired from Tri-Star in 

2002 if certain conditions are met. Approximately 

22 per cent of Australia Pacific LNG’s 3P CSG 

reserves as of 30 June 2015 are subject to the 

reversionary rights. If reversion occurs this may 

mean that the uncommitted reserves that  

are subject to reversion are not available for 

Australia Pacific LNG to sell or use after the date 

of reversion. Origin has assessed the potential 

impact of reversionary rights associated with such 

interests based on economic tests consistent with 

these reserves and resources and based on that 

assessment does not consider that reversion  

will impact the reserves and resources quoted  

in the Annual Reserves Report. In October  

2014, Tri-Star filed proceedings against Australia 

Pacific LNG claiming that reversion has occurred. 

Australia Pacific LNG will defend the claim.

GLOSSARY

68

GLOSSARY



DIRECTORY 

ORIGIN ENERGY LIMITED

Registered office

Level 45, Australia Square 

264-278 George Street 

Sydney NSW 2000

GPO Box 5376 

Sydney NSW 2001

T (02) 8345 5000 

F (02) 9252 9244

www.originenergy.com.au 

enquiry@originenergy.com.au

Secretaries

Andrew Clarke 

Helen Hardy

Share register

Boardroom Pty Limited 

Level 12, 225 George Street 

Sydney NSW 2000

GPO Box 3993 

Sydney NSW 2001

T Australia 1300 664 446 

T International (+61 2) 8016 2896 

F (02) 9279 0664

www.boardroomlimited.com.au 

origin@boardroomlimited.com.au

Further information about  

Origin’s performance can  

be found on the website:  

www.originenergy.com.au 

