
0 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




1 

 

 

 

CONTENTS 

ABOUT THE REPORT ......................................................................................................................................... 2 

FEEDBACK ........................................................................................................................................................ 2 

BOARD STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY ........................................................................................................ 3 

ABOUT THE GROUP.......................................................................................................................................... 4 

GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE .............................................................................................................................. 5 

STRATEGIC APPROACH FOR SUSTAINABILITY .................................................................................................. 5 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT ......................................................................................................................... 6 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT ............................................................................................................................. 8 

ENERGY ............................................................................................................................................................ 9 

WASTE .............................................................................................................................................................. 9 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE ..................................................................................................................... 9 

SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT .................................................................................................... 10 

EMPLOYMENT ................................................................................................................................................ 11 

TRAINING &amp; EDUCATION ............................................................................................................................... 13 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH &amp; SAFETY ............................................................................................................... 14 

ANTI CORRUPTION ......................................................................................................................................... 16 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX ................................................................................ 17 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


2 

 

 

ABOUT THE REPORT 

Reporting Boundary  

As a guide, this report covers operations and all subsidiaries for which Ouhua Energy Holdings 

Limited (“Ouhua Energy” or the “Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) has 

management control, unless otherwise stated. It seeks to prove an overview of our approach, 

practices, commitment, and performance of the Group’s material Environmental, Social and 

Governance (“ESG”) topics. The report covers the sustainability performance of the Group’s 

operations from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”). 

Reporting Period &amp; Standard 

The reporting period is the same as that of the financial year of the Group (1 January 2020 to 31 

December 2020). This report was prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative 

(“GRI”) Standards – “Core” reporting requirements. The GRI Standards is the most widely used 

and internationally accepted sustainability reporting framework. A GRI Index at the end of the report 

specifies the location of the relevant disclosures. 

Independent Assurance 

The ESG performance data presented in the report have mainly been extracted from internal 

information systems and original records to ensure accuracy. The Group has not sought external 

assurance for this sustainability report but have relied on internal verification to ensure the accuracy 

of data. 

 

FEEDBACK 

We are fully committed to our stakeholders and we welcome feedback on any aspect of our 

sustainability policies, processes and performance. Kindly address all feedback to sr@ohwa.cn. 

Your feedback is vital to us in achieving our goals to build a sustainable and thriving business. As 

an attempt to promote environmental conservation, there will be no hard copies of this report.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


3 

 

BOARD STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY  

Ouhua Energy Holdings Limited (“Ouhua Energy” or the “Company”, and together with its 

subsidiaries, the “Group”) is pleased to issue its third sustainability report prepared in accordance 

with the GRI Standards and in compliance with the SGX-ST guidelines on sustainability reporting. 

The Group endeavour and is committed to continually consider material environmental, social and 

governance topics as part of our core business strategy. The report seeks to present an accurate 

and even account of our practices and performance in our quest to be a sustainable, responsible 

corporate citizen. 

The Board of Directors (“Board”) and senior management (“Management”) remains committed to 

establish and maintain an effective Sustainability Management framework, which is supported by 

underlying internal controls, risk management practices, clear accountability and reporting process. 

The Board evaluates and considers ESG risks and opportunities relevant to the Group during the 

formulation of overall business strategy, objectives and performance measurements. 

The Sustainability Reporting (“SR”) Committee supports the Management in identifying the type of 

relevant ESG topics caused by its day-to-day operations. Management then determines the 

materiality of the ESG topics based on the level of significance of impact, and influence on 

stakeholder values, and the achievement of the Group’s strategic objectives. The Board supports 

and approves the identification and assessment parameters of material ESG topics. 

The ESG topics in this report reviewed by the Board and Management is assessed to be material 

and relevant. The Board and Management shall continue to dedicate leadership and maintain a 

high standard of sustainability governance to drive continuous and long-term growth for all its 

stakeholders. The Group will continue to work towards a balanced disclosure on the management 

and monitoring of material ESG topics for continual improvement. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


4 

 

ABOUT THE GROUP 

Corporate Profile 

Ouhua Energy Holdings Limited (“Ouhua Energy” or the “Company”, and together with its 

subsidiaries, the “Group”) is one of the leading importers of liquefied petroleum gas (“LPG”) in the 

People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) in terms of quantity. Ouhua Energy is strategically based in 

Chaozhou City, Guangdong Province, the “Ceramics Capital” of the PRC. Production of ceramics 

relies heavily on LPG. Our mission is to provide environmental-friendly business supply of LPG. As 

a supplier capable of international deliveries, we devote ourselves to providing our customers with 

only the best. 

Core Value 

Outstanding Quality, Dedicated Service 

1. Our Beliefs  

We believe in being safe and environmentally 

friendly, as well as building sincerity and trust  

2. Our Vision  

To establish an internationally renowned 

enterprise and build an integrated energy 

brand 

3. Mission Statement  

To honour our obligations to our investors, to 

lead the way forward for the industry, and to 

share our success with society. 

4. Entrepreneurial Spirit  

We are unwavering, cooperative, responsible 

and innovative. 

5. Management Principles 

These are founded on the fundamentals of 4S: 

Spread, Syncretize, Share, and Service 

6. Our Service Motto (BLUE) 

B - for Bright, the way we stay flexible and 

      adaptive to our customer needs 

L - for Labor-saving, the cornerstone of efficiency 

U - for Ultra-pure, the impeccable quality of our  

      product 

E - for Expediently, so our customers always  

      enjoy maximum convenience 

 

The Group captures about 40% of the local market share. In addition to importing most of the raw 

materials, namely butane and propane, from overseas suppliers and processing these into LPG, it 

also directly purchases LPG from domestic refineries for sale to customers across the PRC, and 

exports to Vietnam, the Philippines and Thailand in Southeast Asia. 

Ouhua Energy is equipped with a comprehensive suite of production facilities, including over 

100,000 cubic metres of LPG storage facilities, and a current annual LPG production capacity of 

900,000 tonnes. These facilities are well located in a prime waterfront area supported by wharves 

that enable the Group to serve diverse markets beyond a geographical radius of 500 kilometres by 

land and 10,000 kilometres across the sea. 

As a licenced tier-one LPG distributor, the Group is focusing its efforts on developing the LPG retail 

chain, including the construction of urban gas pipeline system. Moving towards a green, low-carbon 

emission economy environment, LPG is a clean energy and can be widely used in commercial 

vehicles. The Group is also committed to exploring the market in LPG-filling gas stations, to further 

integrate advanced technology into its operations and extend the product chain which utilises the 

same raw materials to ensure that it retains a competitive position in imports.  In year 2020, 

Chaozhou Ouhua Energy Co., Ltd was designated as one of the designated delivery warehouse 

for LPG by Dalian Commodity Exchange. 


5 

 

The strong emphasis on product quality, safety, embedded technologies and environmental 

practices has cemented the Group’s distinguished reputation and contributed to a strong customer 

base. The core values of the business are to seize opportunities which are before us, earn and 

maintain the trust of our clients, establish a high-value market position, innovate and achieve 

sustainable development. 

Awards &amp; Certification  

The Group aims to continuously seek for business opportunities in line with our strategic growth 

and to deliver value to our customers and stakeholders as we continue to explore and expand our 

business operations. Within the industry, we have also upheld a reputation for quality and high 

standards in our operations, as well as excellence in our operations management. We continue to 

maintain ISO 9001: 2015 Quality Management Systems (QMS) certification as a commitment to 

uphold the quality of our production operations. 

GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE 

Sustainability is integrated into our business and embedded across various roles and functions. 

The SR Committee, chaired by our Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), 

comprises of specific working groups with senior management and board level representatives 

from across our different businesses executes and reports on the material ESG aspects. The Board 

and the Audit Committee review and oversee the management and monitoring of the material ESG 

factors of the Group to ensure that sustainability matters are considered as part of its business 

strategy. 

STRATEGIC APPROACH FOR SUSTAINABILITY 

Ouhua firmly believes that while our businesses are driven by earnings, what we do must also have 

a positive impact on environment, employees and all other stakeholders in our value chain. In 

FY2020, the Group have with the help of an independent external consultant reviewed and defined 

our approach to sustainability management. 

We have reviewed the three main aspects towards our economic performance and existing non-

financial topics for FY2020 reporting disclosure. The Management concluded that these topics 

remain material (see Exhibit 1) to the sustainability of our economic performance and business 

operations. 

 


6 

 

Exhibit 1. An Overview Our Approach to Sustainability Management 

Three main aspects  

towards sustainability of our 

economic performance and 

business operations  

 

Economic Performance 1 

 

 

Environmental 

Management 

 

Organisational &amp; 

Relationship 

Management 

 

Corporate 

Governance &amp; 

Risk 

Management2 

 

 

 

 

 

Energy 

 

Employment  

 

Anti-Corruption 

 

 

 

Waste 

 

Occupational 

Health &amp; Safety  

 

 

 

 

Environmental 

Compliance  

 

Training &amp; 

Education  

 

 

 

 

Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Our Materiality Assessment Process 

 

Supported by a systematic &amp; 

interactive process to identify, 

categorise and prioritise material 

ESG topics  

 

Identify 

Define a list of 

potential material 

ESG topics 

 

 

Categorise 

Refine the list of 

topics by 

clustering them 

into categories  

 

Prioritise  

Engage SR 

Committee for 

feedback and 

validation of each 

topics based on 

importance to 

internal and 

external 

stakeholders 

 

 

 

1. Please refer to Financial Statement of the annual report. 

2. Please refer to the Corporate Governance section of the annual report. 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

Ouhua recognises that knowing and understanding the demands and concerns of stakeholders is 

key to sustainable growth and that regular engagement with stakeholders helps us to better 

determine material areas of focus. The Group operates and maintains diverse communication 

channels and platforms to listen to stakeholders’ requirements and opinions. 

Our stakeholders are those who have a considerable influence on our business, and whom our 

business has a significant impact on. 

In FY2020, the SR Committee with the support of independent external consultant have reviewed 

and ascertained that employees, customers, shareholder and investors, business partners 

remained as our key stakeholder groups (See Exhibit 2). 

 

 


7 

 

Exhibit 2. Our Key Stakeholder Groups 

 

 

 

Employees 

We recognise that our employees are 

fundamental to the Group’s productivity and 

continuity. We aim to nurture them well to 

increase their engagement and contribution to 

the Group. 

 

Customers 

We strive to maximise our customer satisfaction, 

which reflects sales and revenue. We ensure 

that we understand our customer needs and 

expectations and we aim to build long lasting 

relationships with our customers so that they are 

likely to engage our services again. 

 

 

Shareholders and Investors 

We aim to maintain profitability in our Group and 

maximise shareholders’ return. We also strive to 

maintain corporate governance and improve 

level of transparency through reporting and 

communication. 

Business Partners 

We work closely with our business partners / 

subcontractors to ensure that all our operations 

that were carried out are in line with our 

sustainability efforts and industry practices. 

 

 

Community  

We work closely with our community and remains  

fully committed to continue procuring responsibly  

while generating positive economic and social benefits  

for the local community we operate in. 

 

List of Memberships of Association 

Aspiring to widen our exposure to industry standards and collaborate within and beyond the 

industry to improve on current sustainable practices. The Group participate as members of 

organisations that include: 

• 

Chaozhou City “Top Rating” Private Enterprise / Chaozhou City “Four Beams and Eight Pillars” 

Private Enterprise  

• 

Chaozhou City Cleaner Production Enterprise 

• 

Board Member of Chaozhou Energy Saving and Emission Reduction (ESER) and Cleaner 

Production Association 

• 

Board Member of Chaozhou City Special Equipment Association 

• 

Group Member of Guangdong Province Port Association 

• 

Board Member of Guangdong Province Quality Association 

• 

Board Member of Guangdong Province Fire Protection Association 

 


8 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

Materiality with respect to sustainability reporting, as defined by GRI Standards, includes topics 

and indicators that reflect the organisation’s significant economic, environmental, and social 

impacts; and would substantively influence the assessments and decisions of stakeholders. 

Guided by an external independent consultant and having considered the topics of concerns and 

expectation of identified key stakeholders. The SR Committee together with the Management have 

assessed and prioritised the material topics to focus on for the Group. 

Material ESG Topics 

2021 

Targets and Commitments  

ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT 

 

Energy 

❖ To continue explore new business models, products and services, and 

undertake research and development that focus on energy efficiency and 

new energy solutions. 

Waste 

❖ Ensure waste disposal are in accordance with regulatory requirements. 

❖ Wastes produced consist of domestic wastes that could be controlled and 

reduced through recycling. 

Environmental 

Compliance 

❖ Zero incidents of non-compliance. 

❖ No significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with 

environmental laws and regulations. 

ORGANISATIONAL &amp; RELATIONSHIP 

MANAGEMENT 

 

Employment 

❖ Continue to promote diversity and equal opportunity in the workplace. 

❖ Comply with local labour regulations across our operations. 

Training and Education 

❖ Achieve an average of 2 hours of training per employee annually. 

❖ Ensure learning and development roadmap account for future skills 

required to improve the efficiency of the business. 

Occupational  

Health and Safety 

❖ Zero fatalities and/or workplace injuries. 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  

 

 

Anti-Corruption 

❖ Zero incidents of bribery and corruption, including facilitation payment. 

❖ Zero tolerance towards all forms of bribery and corruption. 

 

The material ESG topics were also reviewed by the Board and determined as being relevant. 

Moving forward, to keep abreast of critical issues, the SR Committee, supporting the Board in its 

oversight, will continue to review annually material ESG topics against the changing business 

environment, stakeholder opinions, and emerging global and local trends. 

 

 


9 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT 

 

To address global issues of resource scarcity and a changing climate, we recognise the importance 

of integrating environmental considerations into the Group’s business decisions. We are committed 

to understanding, managing and minimizing our environmental footprint across our value chain, 

including our business operations, suppliers and customers. Our environment efforts are largely 

focused on maximizing material utilisation and optimising energy consumption. We will continue to 

strengthen our expertise in the areas of environmental programs and be selective about the 

strategic initiatives that will yield a greater positive impact in the future. 

ENERGY 

We believe in providing safe and environmentally friendly energy, and envision to establish an 

internationally renowned enterprise, to build an integrated energy brand for a world of sustainable 

energy. In order to address the challenges of climate change, we recognise that innovation is critical. 

Energy consumption  

At Ouhua, we consumed a total of 6,142,000 kJ, a marginal increase of 25 % as compared to 

4,910,000 kJ in FY2019. The increased consumption were due to larger scale upgrading and 

maintenance works performed on machineries during the COVID-19 period. Falling energy costs 

and improved performance of new and emerging technologies such as energy storage are bringing 

about significant changes in the energy landscape. As a result of these technological changes, our 

customers and market needs will shift, and we will leverage that to reduce our consumption levels 

Year-On-Year (“YOY”). 

WASTE 

Ouhua has a strict policy on waste management, in compliance with all local government 

regulations. Group-wide policy and regulations provide guidance on material procurement, 

classification and handling, as well as workplace safety and health training, emergency response 

procedures and disposal behaviours for all employees, suppliers, customers and other 

stakeholders operating within the yards. All waste and water quality management procedures and 

response guidelines have been developed and reviewed against local and international standards. 

The Group strives to minimise waste generation, increase opportunities for reusing and recycling, 

as well as treat and dispose waste responsibly where other options are not practicable. In FY2020, 

there were no hazardous waste generated, the amount of non-hazardous waste generated is 94.21 

tonnes and these were being disposed of through licensed waste collectors for recycling and reuse 

whenever possible. There were no significant spills noted in 2020. 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

Environmental compliance forms an integral part of the Group’s sustainability philosophy. With 

increased pressure on corporations to be accountable for their environmental footprint and rising 

cost of natural resources, we endeavour to not just comply but also integrate the best sustainability 

practices across business operations to reduce adverse environmental impact on the ecosystem. 


10 

 

Over the years, the Group’s operations continue to conform to local environmental laws and 

regulations. The Group maintains a zero tolerance for non-compliance and encourage our 

stakeholders to report any incidences via our established whistle blowing channels. All employees 

of Ouhua are encouraged to be proactive and forthcoming in managing and reporting 

environmental related issues and complaints. 

In FY2020, there were no incidents of non-compliance and penalties pertaining to environmental-

related issues. The Board and Management continues to review and improve current 

environmental management system and practices and ensure that all our activities and operations 

comply with regulatory and customers’ requirements. It is of utmost importance to the Group that 

we maintain this unblemished record. 

Moving Forward 

To maintain the highest standard of environmental compliance, our commitment and target, the 

Management will continue to review and improve current environmental management system and 

practices and ensure that all our activities and operations comply with existing regulatory 

requirements. 

SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT 

The Group firmly believes that its suppliers and subcontractors as key business partners that are 

capable to create positive economic impact, thus enhancing stakeholder’s return. In this respect, 

the Group maintains a rigorous selection process in vendors selection, which are based on the past 

track records and adherence to occupational health and safety standards. Before trading, we will 

review the supplier’s qualification and registration procedures. We also request suppliers to follow 

up should there be any changes made. From time to time we pay visits to our supplier and also 

communicate with them via exchange of information and industry conferences. At the same time, 

we explore different suppliers every year to make sure we have a stable supply. 

The Group have also established procurement policies and guidelines to guide our process, such 

as:  

• 

Guidelines and procedures in selecting and evaluating vendors 

• 

Code of conduct when dealing with vendors 

As we consider sustainability as one of the key factors in selecting a supplier, for that reason, we 

evaluate the potential candidates based on their sustainability performance and practices. Often, 

there would be a collaboration with partners and suppliers to redesign our product offerings to 

reduce the negative impact on the environment in this area. In addition to importing most of the raw 

materials, namely butane and propane, from overseas suppliers and processing these into LPG, 

we directly purchase LPG from domestic refineries.  

In FY2020, there were 6 new suppliers, of which all of them were screened against the above 

criteria and guidelines. The Group remains fully committed to continue procuring responsibly while 

generating positive economic and social benefits for the local community we operate in. 

 

 


11 

 

ORGANISATIONAL &amp; RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT 

EMPLOYMENT 

Our employees are one of our most valuable assets and the Group believes in and is committed to 

fair employment practices, upholding human rights principles and investing in developing and 

training our people.  

As of 31 December 2020, we have a total of 136 fulltime employees. The Group continue to be 

able to maintain a strong and healthy workforce, building a talent pool with deep knowledge of 

regional and global markets to support our growth and expansion, as well as prepare next 

generation of leaders as part of succession planning. We continue to strive to be an employer of 

choice, through recognising the contributions of each employee, and providing opportunities for 

staff to grow beyond their abilities.  

In FY2020, we have 13 new hires, whereas 9 employees left the Group. Employment numbers for 

high-skilled positions remains consistent, with our key management personnel unchanged. 

 

 

FY2020 

FY2019 

Total No. of Employees 

 

136 

 

132 

 

Distribution by Gender (%) 

 

 

 

 

          79% 

      21 % 

          80% 

     20% 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Age Group  

FY2020 

FY2019 

&lt; 30  

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

&lt; 30  

30 - 50 

&gt; 50 

16% 

73% 

11% 

14% 

73% 

13% 

 

We strive to foster an inclusive and performance driven work environment to attract, retain and 

develop our talents. As an equal opportunity employer, the Group has instituted a fair system to 

ensure equal opportunities and non-preferential treatment for all employees. There is no preference 

or prejudice towards religion, age, ethnicity, any physical disability or gender. Employees are 

required to observe and adhere to all relevant policies and practices. Ouhua makes a conscious 

effort to maintain diversity in the middle management, to generate creativity and innovation and 

improve the organization’s culture. There were no reported incidences of discrimination raised by 

our employees in FY2020. 

The Group also has an open-door policy where employees are encouraged to speak-up or report 

grievances directly to their superior, head of department, human resource department, chief 

executive officer and/or independent directors. This is to reinforce our commitment to our 

employees to provide them with a workplace that is healthy, safe and secure. Across our business 

segments, there were no workplace grievance cases reported in FY2020. 


12 

 

Employee Remuneration and Benefit 

The Group recognises the valuable contribution of all employees. We strongly believe in fair 

remuneration and sets packages which are competitive and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate 

personnel with adequate experience and expertise to manage the business and operations of the 

Group. In setting remuneration packages, the Group takes into account the regulatory 

requirements, salary, and employment conditions within the same industry and in comparable 

companies. In FY2020, in addition to the competitive remuneration offered, we extended our 

employees a set of benefits including but not limited to: 

Employment Benefits 

Descriptions 

Life insurance  

In the event that our employee becomes critically ill or permanently 

disabled, their loved ones will receive a sum of money to provide them with 

financial protection and coverage against risks.  

Medical insurance  

Employees are reimbursed for outpatient treatments, surgery or 

hospitalization expenses covered under medical insurance.  

Disability insurance  

All our employees are covered under personal accident insurance and 

work-related injury. For instance, the organization will reimburse any 

rehabilitation costs or monthly pay-outs for each case of disability.  

Parental leave  

Both female and male employees are entitled to maternity leave and 

paternity leave when applicable. We provide other leave benefits catering 

to our employees’ children, during the stages of infant care and child care.  

Retirement provision  

For employees qualified for pension approaching the retirement age, the 

government will provide them with monthly support during their retirement.  

Accommodation and staff canteen  

Workers are granted free accommodation, coupled with basic necessities 

such as proper sanitation and water. We also provide subsidized daily 

meals.  

Year-end and performance bonus  

In the event of outstanding results, either financial performance of the 

Group or individual performance judged by appraisal matrices, our 

employees are entitled to these bonuses.  

Paid leave  

Our employees are offered paid leave, such as marriage leave, 

compassionate leave, family leave and annual leave of up to 15 days.  

Company retreat  

We organize annual retreats as a Group to build relationships among the 

team and improve collaboration among employees of all levels. All 

expenses are paid for.  

Appreciation events and festival 

celebrations  

We organize company events annually to celebrate and recognise the 

efforts of our employees. In line with our spirit of embracing diversity and 

honouring our rich heritage and culture, we celebrate festivals as a Group. 

These festivities include Spring Festival, Mid-Autumn Festival and 

Children’s day.  

Medical check-up  

Our employees can enjoy a complimentary medical check-up on an annual 

basis.  

 

The Group is in full compliance with local labour regulations across our operations, as well as 

minimum wage laws, where such laws exist. Being in an industry that is largely labour-intensive, 

we are dedicated to constantly reviewing our employment policies, benefits and remuneration 

practices to ensure compliance with the updated employment laws, to keep up with the best 

industry practices to provide the optimal working conditions for our people. 

The Group continually cultivates a transparent and inclusive environment for all employees, as well 

as ensures a top-down approach to promote fair and ethical business dealings. Ouhua maintains 

zero tolerance towards unethical labour practices such as child labour, forced labour, slavery and 

human trafficking across all our operations. 


13 

 

TRAINING &amp; EDUCATION 

The Group recognises that employees need to stay informed and be updated in their skill sets in 

the ever-changing work environment. To encourage and support our employees to develop their 

fullest potential and have a fulfilling career, both on-the-job and ad-hoc trainings are made available 

to our employees. Employees are encouraged to attend courses which are relevant to their work 

nature. 

In FY2020, The Group manages to maintain a total of 30.1 average training hours for employees, 

only a marginal 2% decrease, compared to 30.8 hours clocked in FY2019 despite COVID-19’s 

impact. The Group places high priorities on these training sessions which aim to empower 

employees on the technical skills and safety across different modes of operations, such as:  

• Special topics – case study training  

• Workplace Health and Safety training  

• Pre-job training 

• Training for internal transfers 

• External Third Party Training and study visits 

• System training  

• Etiquette training  

• Operating machineries safety procedures  

 

 

FY2020 

FY2019 

Average Hours of Training  

Per Employee 

 

30.1 hours 

 

30.8 hours 

 

Programmes for Upgrading Employee Skills and Transition Assistance 

The Group is committed to allocate budget and plan skills upgrading to equip employees to meet 

strategic targets of the Group. We believe that more skilled employees enhance Ouhua’s human 

capital and contribute to employees’ satisfaction, which will then enhance overall performance. To 

incentivise employees to engage in continuous learning and self-upgrading, in the event that any 

staff obtains a higher education or qualification certificates, we offer a potential upward revision in 

salary. 

In addition, learning and development roadmaps have been put in place starting FY2020 to ensure 

employees are optimally trained through feedbacks obtained from annual technical tests and 

implementing job positions analysis to accurately develop performance for current and new 

employees. Most importantly, internal surveys are conducted to obtain employees’ opinion on the 

effectiveness and relevancy of the training provided to ensure future programs provided  

Performance and Career Development Review 

Performance and career development review of employees are performed during the performance 

appraisal process. This process is conducted on an annual basis whereby there will be two-way 

communication and engagement between supervisors and subordinates to assess the 

performance of the employee. Upon completion of the appraisal process, consideration of career 

advancement such as promotion; quantum of salary increments, and annual variable bonus will be 


14 

 

determined based on the performance appraisal results. In FY2020, all employees are assessed 

and remunerated fairly based on their experience, qualifications and performance. 

The Group shall continue to provide training and education opportunities through development 

programmes wherever applicable and promote a conducive corporate environment where 

everyone could achieve their potential. 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH &amp; SAFETY  

Safety is an integral part of our business, and a key focus area for our board of directors and senior 

management. Whilst keeping our strength of superior technical ability close at heart, we take pride 

in building a safe, conducive and healthy workplace as our commitment to developing our people. 

Being a largely labour-intensive Group, we regard workplace safety with utmost importance and 

recognise our duty of care to account for the safety and health of each of our employees. We are 

constantly striving to build a safe and conducive workplace by ensuring that our Group complies 

with all relevant safety and environmental legislation, with the aim of minimizing the likelihood and 

impact of any possible hazardous occurrence. 

Occupational Health &amp; Safety Management Framework 

To facilitate the physical supervision of the workplace 

safety, and the relaying of workplace safety and 

health 

(“WSH”) 

related 

messages; 

we 

have 

established a Safety Committee. Collectively as a 

Group, the Safety Committee comprises of both 

employee and employer representatives that makes 

up 20% of the total number of employees in the 

organization. 

The Safety Committee oversees the subsidiaries’ 

operations to ensure that safety standards are upheld 

at all times and also up to industry leading practices. 

In addition, the role and responsibilities of the Safety 

Committee 

includes 

reviewing, 

effectively 

implementing and reinforcing safety standards and 

regulations to ensure all areas of safety are 

adequately covered. 

The Committee members meet at least once a month 

to review safety inspection results, infrastructures and 

incidents, as well as to coordinate and organise 

safety-related activities. Going forward, in order to 

facilitate the effectiveness of the supervision of 

workplace safety, the Group plans to have more 

workers join the safety committee. 

Key Elements of Our Health &amp; Safety System 

 

 

The Group seeks to learn from past mistakes and strive to prevent similar incidents from 

reoccurring. All near-miss incidents and accidents would be promptly reported to the Safety 

Committee, which will further provide timely incident analysis briefings to the employees. These 

safety briefings aim to strengthen the safety awareness of employees, and to remind them of 

Policy 

Planning

Implementation 

and Operation

Checking and 

Correction 

Action

Management 

Review

Continual 

Improvement


15 

 

established safety measures and precautions, as well as safety protocols in the event of similar 

incidents. 

We also ensure each worker is well protected before the start of each assignment, through 

documenting on the personal protective equipment record to ensure that each worker is sufficiently 

equipped with protective gears. We have also developed a list of protocols and precautions for 

workers, to ensure that their safety is fully covered in all areas of work. 

 

Workplace Health &amp; Safety Performance 

Category 

FY2020 

FY2019 

Total 

Total 

Injury 

resulting 

in 

temporary disabilities 

- 

- 

Death or Total Permanent 

Disabilities 

- 

- 

 

In FY2020, there were no incidents of fatalities across the Group’s business operations. The Group 

strives to continue to maintain its health &amp; safety standards and continuous improvement in its 

Operational Health and Safety processes and performance. 

 

 

 


16 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 

ANTI CORRUPTION 

Ouhua is committed to uphold the highest standards of corporate governance and business 

integrity across its business activities, which are essential for the long-term viability of the Group’s 

businesses and the enhancement of shareholder value. All employees are expected to observe 

and uphold Ouhua’s ‘zero-tolerance’ position on corruption, bribery and extortion. The Board 

undertakes to investigate complaints of suspected fraud in an objective manner and has put in 

place a whistle-blowing policy and procedures which provide employees with well-defined and 

accessible channels within the Group, including a direct channel to the Audit Committee, for 

reporting suspected bribery, corruption, dishonest practices or other similar matters. 

The whistle-blowing policy aims to encourage the reporting of such matters in good faith, with the 

confidence that employees making such reports will be treated fairly and, to the extent possible, be 

protected from reprisal. The policy and its effectiveness will be reviewed by the Audit Committee 

periodically, with recommendations regarding updates or amendments, if any, to be made to the 

Board as required. In FY2020, there were no incidents of regulatory non-compliance across 

Ouhua’s group of businesses. There were also no reported incidents pertaining to whistleblowing 

for this reporting period under review. The Group continues to work towards reinforcing a full 

compliance culture. 

Moving Forward 

The Audit Committee continues to support the Board in its oversight of anti-corruption and is 

responsible for driving Ouhua’s focus on implementing effective compliance and governance 

systems. At an operational level, the respective department within the Group continues to be 

responsible to identify, self-assess the adequacy and effectiveness of mitigating measures, and 

manage their financial, operational, information technology, compliance and reputational related 

risks. 

Please refer to the Corporate Governance section of the annual report for more information. 

 

 


17 

 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX  

 

This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

102-1 * 

Name of the 

organization 

Cover Page 

102-2 * 

Activities, brands, products, 

and services 

Refer to AR FY2020 

Notes to The Finance Statement – Note 1  

102-3 * 

Location of 

headquarters 

Long Wan Suo Cheng Town, Raoping County, 

Chaozhou City, Guangdong Province, The 

People’s Republic of China 

102-4 * 

Location of operations 

Long Wan Suo Cheng Town, Raoping County, 

Chaozhou City, Guangdong Province, The 

People’s Republic of China 

102-5 * 

Ownership and legal 

form 

Refer to AR FY2020 – 

Group Structure  

102-6 * 

Markets served 

Refer to AR FY2020 – 

Note 32 Segment Reporting 

102-7 * 

Scale of the 

organization 

136 Full Time Employees 

102-8 * 

Information on 

employees and other workers 

Page 11 

102-9 * 

Supply chain 

Page 10 

102-10 * 

Significant changes to 

the organization and its 

supply chain 

No significant changes 

102-11 * 

Precautionary Principle 

or approach 

Page 5 

102-12 * 

External initiatives 

Page 7 

102-13 * 

Membership of 

associations 

Page 7 

GRI 102: 

Strategy 

102-14 * 

Statement from senior 

decision-maker 

Refer to AR FY2020 

 Chairman’s Message 

GRI 102: 

Ethics and 

Integrity 

102-16 * 

Values, principles, 

standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Page 4 

GRI 102: 

Governance 

102-18 * 

Governance structure 

Page 5 

Refer to AR FY2020 

Corporate Governance 

Corporate Structure 


18 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 102: 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-40 * 

List of stakeholder groups 

Page 6 - 7 

102-41 * 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

None 

102-42 * 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

Page 6 - 7 

102-43 * 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

Page 6 - 7 

102-44 * 

Key topics and concerns 

raised 

Page 6 - 7 

GRI 102: 

Reporting 

Practice 

102-45 * 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

Refer to AR FY2020 – 

 Notes to The Finance Statement  

– Note 2.2 and Note 12 

102-46 * 

Defining report content and 

topic Boundaries 

Page 2 

102-47 * 

List of material topics 

Page 8 

102-48 * 

Restatements of information 

No restatement 

102-49 * 

Changes in reporting 

No significant changes from previous reporting 

periods in the list of material topics and topic 

boundaries. 

102-50 * 

Reporting period 

Page 2 

102-51 * 

Date of most recent report 

FY2019 Sustainability Report 

102-52 * 

Reporting cycle 

1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 

 

102-53 * 

Contact point for 

questions regarding the report 

Page 2 

 

102-54 * 

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

Core option 

102-55 * 

GRI content index 

Page 17 - 19 

102-56 * 

External assurance 

The Group has not sought external assurance for 

this sustainability report. 

 

 

 

 

GRI 306 

Waste 

 

DMA 

Management approach 

disclosures 

Page 9 

 

306-2 

 

 

306-4 

 

306-5 

 

 

Waste by type and disposal 

method 

 

Waste diverted from disposal 

 

Waste directed to disposal 

 

Page 9 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 

DMA 

Management approach 

disclosures 

Page 9-10 

307-1 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

Page 9-10 


19 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 308: Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment 

308-1 

New suppliers that were 

screened Using 

environmental criteria 

Page 10 

308-2 

Negative environmental 

impacts in the supply chain 

and actions taken 

Page 10 

GRI 401: 

Employment 

DMA 

Management approach 

disclosures 

Page 11 

401-1 

New employee hires and 

employee turnover 

Page 11 

401-2 

Benefits provided to 

full-time employees that are 

not provided to temporary or 

part-time employees 

Page 12 

401-3 

Parental leave 

Page 12 

GRI 403: 

Occupational  

Health and Safety 

DMA 

Management approach 

disclosures 

Page 14 

403-1 

Occupational Health and 

safety management system 

Page 14-15 

 

403-2 

 

 

 

403-9 

 

 

Hazard identification, risk 

assessment, and incident 

investigation 

 

Types of injury and rate of 

injury 

Page 15 

GRI 404  

Training  

and Education 

DMA 

Management approach 

disclosures 

Page 13 

404-1 

Average hours of training per 

year per employee  

Page 13 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading 

employee skills and transition 

assistance programmes 

Page 13 

404-3 

Percentage of employees 

receiving regular performance 

and career development 

reviews 

All employees are assessed regularly and 

remunerated fairly based on their experience, 

qualifications and performance. 

GRI 205 

Anti-Corruption 

DMA 

Management approach 

disclosures 

Page 16 

 Refer to AR FY2020 

 Corporate Governance 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of 

corruption and actions taken 

Page 16 

 Refer to AR FY2020 

 Corporate Governance 

 

 


20 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

