
Overseas Education Limited

Investing in

Education

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017








	  

1	  

OVERSEAS EDUCATION LIMITED 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

 

 

 

CONTENTS 

Page 

 

 

About This Report 

2 

Corporate Profile 

2 

Board Statement 

3 

Engaging With Our Stakeholders 

4 

Assessment Of Material Environmental, Social And 

Governance Areas 

5 

The OFS Experience And OFS Community 

6 

Community Engagement And Corporate Social Responsibility 

6 

Our Teachers And Staff 

7 

Green Spaces And Energy Management 

8 

Waste Minimisation And Recycling 

8 

Security, Health And Safety 

9 

Appendix – GRI Content Index 

10 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


	  

2	  

About This Report 

 

Overseas Education Limited (OEL) Sustainability Report has been prepared in 

accordance with Global Reporting Initiatives (GRI) Standards: Core Option, as well 

as Singapore Exchange Limited (SGX) Rule Guide to Sustainability Reporting for 

Listed Companies. We have adopted the GRI reporting framework for its 

international recognition and universal applicability (SGX Guide 3.6 – Global 

standards and comparability). 

 

We, OEL together with our subsidiaries (the Group), recognise that sustainable 

business practices have become increasingly important to our stakeholders. Our 

stakeholders are also looking towards us for increased transparency and 

accountability around our business practices. Hence, we have prepared this 

sustainability report to communicate our efforts and the sustainability journey we 

have made thus far.  

 

In this sustainability report, we have identified the material environmental, social and 

governance areas that are important to our stakeholders and us. We have also set out 

our strategy roadmap to use our resources in a more equitable and sustainable manner, 

and at the same time create long-term value for our stakeholders.  

 

Our sustainability report focused on our performance from 1 January 2017 to 31 

December 2017, which is congruous with the financial year reported in our OEL 

Annual Report 2017.  

 

We have not sought external independent assurance for this sustainability report, but 

please feel free to write to us at ir@ofs.edu.sg should you have any inquiries about its 

content.  

 

We also welcome any feedback you may have. 

 

 

Corporate Profile 

 

OEL is an investment holding company of Overseas Family School Limited which 

operates Overseas Family School (OFS or the School), a leading private foreign 

system school (FSS) in Singapore with an operating history of over 25 years. 

 

OFS offers a fully integrated inquiry-based programme comprising the International 

Early Years Curriculum, the International Primary Curriculum and the International 

Baccalaureate (IB) curriculum within a globalised multi-cultural environment to 

children aged between 2 and 18 years of primarily expatriate parents, who are senior 

executives and professionals working and living in Singapore. We have around 2,500 

students from over 60 nationalities, supported by about 400 staff members from over 

30 countries. 

 

Apart from being one of the pioneering FSS in Singapore offering both the IB Middle 

Years Programme and the International General Certificate of Secondary Education, 

we believe we are also the first FSS to integrate the Model United Nations initiative 

into our core curriculum.  We also offer other programmes including Study 


	  

3	  

Preparation Programme and Intellectual Development Programmes to supplement our 

curriculum.  

 

Previously based at Paterson Road, we moved to our new Pasir Ris campus in June 

2015. Our Pasir Ris campus has been called the ‘school design of the future’, with 

unique features and many teaching facilities designed to support advance student 

learning. 

 

We stay true to our Master Policy: To maintain a happy, safe and effective school for 

overseas families living in Singapore, and prepare our students for their return to their 

respective national education systems or, for the more senior students, for entry into 

universities worldwide. 

 

 

Board Statement 

 

OEL Board of Directors (Board) and Management recognise that environmental, 

social and governance (ESG) issues are very important in managing a school. 

Continued emphasis is placed on ensuring sustainable business practices which are 

transparent and accountable. We also view this increased emphasis on sustainability 

as an opportunity to further improve on our business practices, and to help address 

any material ESG areas that are relevant to our stakeholders.  

 

Our Board assumes the leadership and advisory role for the Group’s sustainability 

strategy. Our Chief Financial Officer is the designated Sustainability Team Lead, and 

he reports to the Board on any key material sustainability performance matters. He 

also ensures the preparation of sustainability disclosures as required by the SGX 

Sustainability Reporting Requirements.  

 

We believe our School is an inextricable part of Singapore’s social and economic 

infrastructure supporting foreign direct investments into Singapore, and forming an 

important consideration for expatriates contemplating the relocation of their families, 

especially of their school-going children here. 

 

Our Master Policy: To maintain a happy, safe and effective school for overseas 

families living in Singapore is the key pillar of our sustainable strategy. We strive to 

achieve our Master Policy through our internationally recognised curricula, our 

student code of conduct and well-supervised security measures. 

 

Our Board and Management are committed to manage our School in an ethical, 

socially and environmentally sustainable manner. We also recognise the importance 

of a safe school environment for our students, parents, teachers and OFS community. 

We embrace cultural and social diversity, and promote equal opportunities among our 

people. Our teachers and staff are well trained and remunerated, and are expected to 

maintain the highest standard of professionalism, integrity and trust.  

 

We embrace sustainability not only as guiding principle, but also imbue our the day-

to-day running of our School’s operations, processes, curricula and activities with 

sustainable ESG practices. We will share more of these further in our sustainability 

report. 


	  

4	  

 

 

 

Engaging With Our Stakeholders  

 

We actively engage with our stakeholders through various engagement platforms so 

as to allow us to better understand their expectations or any concern they may have. 

We also welcome routine inquiries and regular feedback from stakeholders.  

 

While such engagements are helpful to drive change and improve sustainable 

practices, we are also conscious that building engagement on the ground or through 

our day-to-day contact, e.g. with individual parents or Parents’ Association group, is 

critical to ensure that our sustainable programmes are realistic and effective.  

 

The engagement platforms with our stakeholder groups are summarised in the table 

below. 

 

Stakeholder groups 

Engagement platforms 

Frequency 

Parents and Parents’ 

Association 

• Directors’ Coffee Morning 

• School newsletters 

• School Yearbook 

• Global Picnic 

• Parents-Teacher conferences  

• Notice boards and 

announcements 

• Parents’ meetings and feedback 

• New semester 

• Monthly 

• Annually 

• Annually 

• Scheduled 

• Throughout 

the year 

• Scheduled 

Shareholders, investors 

and analysts 

• Results announcements 

• Release of Annual Reports 

• Annual General Meetings 

• Extraordinary General Meetings 

• Analysts meetings 

• Investors roadshow 

• Quarterly   

• Annually 

• Annually 

• As needed 

• Scheduled 

• As needed 

Teachers and staff 

• Chairman’s lunch 

• Academic Board meetings 

• Global Picnic 

• Staff meetings and feedback 

• Annually 

• Scheduled 

• Annually 

• Scheduled 

Government agencies and 

regulators 

• Meetings 

• Electronic communications 

• Scheduled 

• Quarterly 

Business partners, 

contractors and suppliers 

• Meetings and feedback 

 

• Scheduled 

 

Local community and 

corporate social 

responsibility (CSR) 

• Various school programmes and 

community outreach 

• Please refer to 

OEL Annual 

Report 2017 

CSR section                                  

 

 

 


	  

5	  

Assessment Of Material Environmental, Social And Governance Areas 

 

Our assessment of material environmental, social and governance (ESG) areas was 

guided by GRI reporting framework and SGX Sustainability Reporting Guide.  

 

The following material ESG areas are assessed and selected based on the degree of 

influence they have on our stakeholders as well as the effect our School has on the 

economy, the environment and society.  

 

Material ESG areas 

GRI topics 

Read more in our: 

Economic Sustainability 

Our financial performance, 

economic value generated and 

distributed. 

Economic 

Performance 

OEL Annual Report 2017  

- Chairman’s Message 

- Financial Highlights 

- Financial Statements 

Corporate Governance 

Our corporate governance 

structure, ethics, accountability 

and audit, shareholders rights 

and responsibilities. 

Anti-corruption 

OEL Annual Report 2017 

- Corporate Governance   

Report 

The OFS Experience and 

OFS Community 

Our values, principles and 

norms of behaviour. 

Non-discrimination 

 

Page 6 

Community Engagement and 

Corporate Social 

Responsibility 

Our local community 

engagement and school 

programmes on sustainability. 

Local Communities 

Page 6 and  

OEL Annual Report 2017  

- Corporate Social 

Responsibility section 

 

 

Our Teachers and Staff 

Investing in our teachers and 

staff. 

 

- Employment 

- Training and 

Education 

- Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity 

- Non-discrimination 

Page 7 

Green Spaces and Energy 

Management 

Our OFS campus at Pasir Ris. 

Energy 

Page 8 

Waste Minimisation and 

Recycling 

The 3Rs (Reduce, Reuse, 

Recycle) suffused through 

every level of learning. 

Effluents and Waste 

Page 8 

Security, Health and Safety 

Happy and safe learning 

environment. 

Security practices 

Page 9 


	  

6	  

 

 

 

 

The OFS Experience And OFS Community  

 

OFS is unique in our philosophy of education and in our beliefs for our School. We 

promote a truly international outlook and there is no one dominant nationality within 

our student population or amongst our staff. 

 

OFS is a community of learning where the learning is student-focused, and not 

teacher-centred, to enhance the student learning experience. Group and project-based 

learning, and outdoor activities support student engagement. We also integrate Model 

United Nations initiative and Intellectual Development Programmes into the core 

curriculum to build relational skills, critical thinking and self-confidence. 

 

We have a ‘Self-Discipline, and No Tolerance for Violence’ policy at OFS.   

 

Multinationalism and multiculturalism are cornerstones of our OFS ethos, and have 

deep roots in our collective consciousness. Respect for one another naturally 

developed amongst students and teachers, and we operate with the minimum of rules 

or punishments. It is essential that no student or staff member feels threatened by 

violent or aggressive behaviour from another member of the School community. Any 

act of violence will lead to immediate dismissal; and all students, teachers, principals, 

management and staff work together to meet this policy. 

 

 

Community Engagement And Corporate Social Responsibility 

 

OFS believes in the importance of community service, engagement with other 

educators, and awareness of the environment. We believe our policies and practices 

have a positive impact on our stakeholders and the community we operate in, and also 

help to instil a sense of social responsibility among our students and teachers alike. 

 

Our students at OFS actively participate in the school’s Community Service 

Programme, which is an integral part of school life.  This can be service to the local 

school community, the Singapore community, or the larger global community. The 

teachers at OFS have the opportunity to engage with other educators in Singapore, 

allowing them to contribute by sharing their knowledge, experience and expertise 

with the wider education community in Singapore.	  

 

More details of our local community engagement and school programmes on social 

responsibilities and sustainability can be found in our OEL Annual Report 2017 - 

Corporate Social Responsibility section. 

 

 

 

 

 

 


	  

7	  

 

Our Teachers And Staff 

 

OFS continues to hire the best of teaching ability from around the world. Teaching is 

organised into four age-related schools, each with a Principal and academic support 

team. The four Principals and those with leadership roles were all previously 

successful OFS teachers, and are committed to OFS educational policies. The 

academic teams focus on their students, and administrative duties mostly performed 

by the management and administrative staff.  

 

Throughout our years of operating OFS, we have been fortunate to experience a low 

normalized rate of staff turnover. We believe in a happy and safe school environment. 

We conduct fair employment practices and recognise teachers and staff for their 

exemplary contributions to the School. We always advocate a friendly and 

‘worldwide family’ culture at OFS. Above all, OFS remunerates all our teachers and 

staff competitively, and strive to make OFS a workplace of choice. 

 

Regular performance reviews are conducted for staff, and performance feedback is 

given to the staff during these reviews. At OFS, our academic staff growth is seen as a 

professional journey rather than short measurable end-points. Goal settings are 

undertaken, but short-term goals setting is not an approach used at OFS. Our teachers 

have the professional choice how they wish to plan their own professional 

development within the guidelines set out by each of the school Principals and senior 

management.  

 

Demographics 

 

We have about full-time 400 staff members. Gender diversity remained stable during 

the year at 67% female staff and 33% male staff. 

 

The tables below provide the breakdown by gender, age group and residency status: 

 

AGE 

FEMALE 

MALE 

TOTAL 

20-30 

4% 

1% 

5% 

30-40 

19% 

8% 

27% 

40-50 

20% 

11% 

31% 

50-60 

15% 

8% 

23% 

60-70 

8% 

4% 

12% 

70-80 

1% 

1% 

2% 

Total 

67% 

33% 

100% 

 

 

 

FEMALE 

MALE 

TOTAL 

Singaporeans 

27% 

13% 

40% 

Singapore PRs 

13% 

3% 

16% 

Pass Holders 

27% 

17% 

44% 

Total 

67% 

33% 

100% 

 

 

 


	  

8	  

 

Green Spaces And Energy Management 

 

Our OFS campus at Pasir Ris is designed and built as a ‘Green Mark’ campus with 

ample green and open spaces. Comfort, safety and security measures are at the 

forefront to maintain a happy and safe school environment. Natural daylighting also 

contributes to bright cheerful environment and reduces the need for excessive electric 

lighting. Open green spaces with wide passageways and corridors promote natural 

ventilation and breezy conditions all around the campus. 

 

All our classrooms and study areas are installed with full-spectrum mercury-free LED 

lights. OFS invested in these full-spectrum LED lights to achieve an optimal learning 

environment for our students. Many research studies have shown that children placed 

in rooms with these special LED lights can concentrate better and display less 

behaviour related issues.  

 

These LED lights are also very energy efficient. We have also many other energy 

saving features in place like energy-efficient induction air distribution and air-

conditioning system, ‘smart’ lifts and escalators, timer-switches and sensors, to 

reduce energy waste and help to improve environmental quality.   

 

We are mindful of our impact to the environment of our School’s operations, and we 

are committed to further improve on our energy saving effort year on year. 

 

 

Waste Minimisation And Recycling 

 

The 3Rs (Reduce, Reuse and Recycle) are suffused through every level of learning at 

OFS. We feel that the 3Rs play a crucial role of waste generation at its source by 

reducing consumption, as well as reusing and recycling all materials to give them a 

second lease of life. We also aim to instil a green culture combined with collaborative 

learning (e.g. beach clean-up at Pasir Ris beach) to bring benefits to the local 

community and wider environment both now and into the future. 

 

There are several service projects that involve recycling paper on campus. One team 

of students collect and sort recycled paper from classrooms every week.  Another 

team then takes the sorted paper and makes notebooks that are used throughout the 

school as homework journals or memo pads.   Through these efforts, students save a 

lot of paper each month simply by reducing the usage of new paper and recycling the 

rest. 

 

We also practice waste segregation in order to recycle as much as possible. We 

provide ample special recycling bins for collecting different recyclable materials. All 

students, staff and visitors are encouraged to reduce waste by placing discarded items 

into the relevant bins. 

 

We expect everyone at OFS to play their part in the waste minimisation and recycling, 

and contribute to maintaining a happy and safe surroundings for all. 

 

 


	  

9	  

Security, Health And Safety 

 

We take our responsibilities in security, health and safety matters very seriously. 

 

Our security team is on duty 24/7, and CCTV cameras monitor activities on school 

campus at all times.  

 

We have a comprehensive and well-supervised traffic control plan where our traffic 

control team ensures the safety of pedestrians and motorists when they enter the 

school, and within the school. 

 

All staff, parents and students (except for students in uniforms) are required to wear 

an OFS security identity pass on school campus. All visitors are screened at the 

security guard post and issued with a visitor pass before entering the school campus. 

Visitors must display their visitor pass prominently, and be accompanied by school 

staff at all times. 

 

We adopt National Environment Agency guidelines (please refer to NEA website) to 

monitor Haze conditions. Evacuation drills are also conducted every semester to 

familiarise the school body with evacuation routes and assembly points, should 

emergency evacuation be activated. 

 

We have a medical centre with qualified full-time school nurses to render first-aid 

help, as well as regular health checks for our students.  

 

We adopt a whole school approach in partnership with our students, parents and 

teachers to maintain a happy and safe learning environment. 

 

 

 

 

 


	  

10	  

Appendix – GRI Content Index 

 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure Title 

Page Reference &amp; 

Remarks 

GENERAL STANDARDS DISCLOSURES 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE  

102 – 1 

Name of the organisation 

2 

102 – 2  

Activities, brands, products, and services 

2 

102 – 3 

Location of headquarters  

2 

102 – 4 

Location of operations 

2 

102 – 5 

Ownership and legal form 

2 

102 – 6 

Markets served 

2 

102 – 7 

Scale of the organization 

2 

102 – 8 

Info on employees and other workers 

2, 7 

102 – 9 

Supply chain 

2 

102 – 10 

Significant changes to the organization and its 

supply chain 

3 

102 – 11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

OEL AR 2017 Pg. 45 

102 – 12 

External initiatives 

OEL AR 2017 Pg. 22-24 

102 – 13 

Membership of associations 

2 

STRATEGY 

102 – 14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

3 

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY 

102 – 16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour 

3, 6 

102 – 17 

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about 

ethics 

OEL AR 2017 Pg. 42 

GOVERNANCE 

102 – 18 

Governance structure 

3 

102 – 20 

Executive-level responsibility for economic, 

environmental and social topics 

3 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

102 – 40 

List of stakeholder groups 

4 

102 – 41 

Collective bargaining 

Nil 

102 – 42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

4 

102 – 43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

4 

102 – 44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

4 

REPORTING PRACTICE 

102 – 45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

OEL AR 2017 Note 11 - 

Pg. 84 

102 – 46 

Defining report content and topic Boundaries 

2, 5 

102 – 47 

List of material topics 

5 

102 – 48 

Restatements of information 

First reporting in  FY 

2017 

102 – 49 

Changes in reporting 

First reporting in FY 

2017 

102 – 50 

Reporting period 

2 

102 – 51 

Date of most recent report 

First reporting in  FY 

2017 


	  

11	  

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure Title 

Page Reference &amp; 

Remarks 

102 – 52 

Reporting cycle 

2 

102 – 53 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

2 

102 – 54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

standards 

2 

102 – 55 

GRI content index 

10 

102 – 56 

External assurance 

2 

MANAGEMENT APPROACH 

103 – 1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary 

103 – 2 

The management approach and its components 

103 – 3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

• Economic 

Performance – OEL 

AR 2017 Pg. 4-5, 18-

21, and 48-100  

• Anti-corruption – 

OEL AR 2017 Pg. 25-

46 

• Non-discrimination – 

Pg. 6, 7 

• Local Communities – 

Pg. 6 and OEL AR 

2017 Pg. 22-24 

• Employment – Pg. 7 

• Training and 

Education – Pg. 7 

• Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity – Pg. 7 

• Energy – Pg. 8 

• Effluents and Waste – 

Pg. 8 

• Security Practices – 

Pg. 9 

	  

SPECIFIC STANDARDS DISCLOSURES 

GRI Standard 

Notes 

Page Reference 

&amp; Remarks 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

201-1 Direct economic value generated 

and distributed 

Economic Sustainability 

OEL AR 2017 

Pg. 4-5, 18-21, 

and 48-100  

SOCIAL 

404-2 Programs for upgrading employee 

skills and transition assistance 

programs 

Our Teachers and Staff 

7 

405-1 Diversity of governance bodies 

and employees 

The OFS Experience and 

OFS Community 

Our Teachers and Staff 

6, 7 

413-1 Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, 

and development programs 

Community Engagement 

and Corporate Social 

Responsibility 

6                           

OEL AR 2017 

Pg. 22-24 

