
1 

 

 

 

 

 

Pacific Star Development Limited 

Sustainability Report FY2018 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This Sustainability Report has been reviewed by the Company’s Sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited (the “Sponsor”). 

It has not been examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “Exchange”) and 

the Exchange assumes no responsibility for the contents of this Sustainability Report, including the correctness of any 

of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this Sustainability Report. 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr David Yeong (Tel: (65) 6232 3210) at 1 Robinson Road, #21-00 AIA Tower, 

Singapore 048542. 

 


2 

 

Pacific Star Development Limited - 

Sustainability Report  

 

Organisation Name: Pacific Star Development Limited 

 

Sector: Real Estate 

 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

The Board of Directors of Pacific Star Development Limited (“PSDL” or the “Company”, 

and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is pleased to present the Group’s first 

Sustainability Report for the period from 1 January 2017 to 30 June 2018 (“FY2018”). 

 

This report is prepared in compliance with the requirements of Rules 711A and 711B of 

the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) (the “Catalist Rules”), and references to the Global Reporting 

Initiative (“GRI”) Standards – Core Option as it is a well-known and globally recognised 

sustainability reporting framework. 

 

The Group’s mission is to be a premium real estate developer in ASEAN key gateway 

cities, attracting and building the best talent towards value creation and sustainable growth 

for stakeholders, employees and communities. One of the key tenets of this mission 

statement lies in the word “sustainable” as we believe that it is integral for the Group’s 

success to have long-term growth and development in a sustainable manner. As a global 

citizen, the Board considers sustainability issues as part of its strategic formulation. On an 

ongoing basis, the Board oversees the management and monitors the Group’s material 

environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) factors.  For FY2018, the management has 

determined the Group’s material ESG factors which is presented together with its 

materiality assessment process in this report. 

 

This Sustainability Report aims to provide a balanced account of PSDL’s policies, efforts 

and ambitions towards becoming a responsible corporate citizen. We will continue to 

improve on our reporting as our sustainability journey progress and matures.  

 

As part of our support for sustainable environmental practice, we will not be printing this 

report. The report is available at the website of the SGX-ST at http://www.sgx.com.  

 

 

Board of Directors 

Pacific Star Development Limited 

27 June 2019 

 

 


3 

 

GRI 102: General Disclosures 

Organisational profile 

 

102-1: Name of the organisation 

 

Name of the organisation 

 

Pacific Star Development Limited 

 

102-2: Activities, brands, products, and services 

 

A description of the organisation's activities 

 

PSDL is a premier, award-winning ASEAN property developer with a track record in the 

development and investment of prime integrated mixed-use and residential developments 

in key gateway cities across ASEAN. With over a decade in real estate investment 

management experience, the Group’s property development division (“Property 

Division”) has acquired both an extensive regional network as well as a solid background 

in development management, counting among its past investments the highly successful 

mixed-use project, Pavilion in Kuala Lumpur, within its portfolio of residential projects in 

key prime locations in Bangkok and Kuala Lumpur. In 2018, the Group successfully 

completed the construction of Phase 1 of the 1.3 million square feet mixed-use Puteri 

Cove Residences and Quayside in Malaysia, where the residences have been sold to 

buyers of more than 28 different nationalities worldwide. The Group’s high-rise residential 

development in Thailand, The Posh Twelve, is currently under construction.  

 

The Group’s non-property division included the provision of aluminium works comprising 

design, fabrication and installation of building window systems and exterior curtain walls 

in Singapore (the “Aluminium Division”). As at the date of this report, the Aluminium 

Division is currently undergoing a liquidation process. 

 

The Group currently has two (2) ongoing property development projects located in 

Iskandar Puteri, Malaysia (known as Puteri Cove Residences and Quayside) and 

Bangkok, Thailand (known as The Posh Twelve).  

 

Puteri Cove Residences and Quayside 

 

Puteri Cove Residences and Quayside is an award-winning luxury marina-front mixed-use 

development comprising two towers of 658 units of luxurious freehold apartments, four 

blocks of 56 SOHO units, including a separate tower of premium serviced suites. The 

commercial component is Puteri Cove Quayside, a two-level waterfront retail promenade, 

which is built to mirror world-class marina projects offering a comprehensive range of 

prime waterfront retail and F&amp;B choices, through a quality tenant mix carefully curated and 

managed by the developers. This stunning development augments Puteri Harbour’s 

position as the ultimate marina-front dining, leisure and shopping destination.  

 

Together with the region’s award-winning and internationally acclaimed architectural firms, 

landscape consultants and interior designers, PSD has redefined luxury living 


4 

 

environment and marina front residential concept that caters to the evolving lifestyles and 

desires of today’s well-heeled homebuyers. It is today one of the most successful projects 

in 

Iskandar 

Puteri 

with 

buyers 

from 

more 

than 

28 

different 

countries.  

 

Multiple international accolades prove its success story, with the mixed-used development 

winning ten industry awards in 2016, 2017/2018, including “Best Residential High-Rise 

Development”, “Best Residential Landscape Architecture”, “Best Residential Interior 

Design”, and 2016’s “Best Luxury Condominium Development in Malaysia”. 

 

 

The Posh Twelve, Bangkok Thailand 

 

The Posh Twelve is a freehold mixed-use development comprising two towers of upper 

mid-end condominium at 39 and 45 floors each, featuring a combined 1,373 residential 

units and a lifestyle retail podium.  

 

As Bangkok’s tallest residential condominium in Tiwanon, it once again made waves when 

it recently won 3 prestigious awards, including the top accolade for Best Residential High-

rise Development at the Asia Pacific Property Awards 2018. 

 

Winner of:        

Best Residential High-rise Development (Top accolade of 5 stars) 

Best Residential High-rise Development (Thailand) 

Best Interior Design Show Home (Thailand) 

 

For the purpose of this report, we shall focus more on the Property Division as a significant 

majority of the Group’s business operations and revenue arise from the Property Division. 

Also, as at the date of this report, the Group’s Aluminium Division is undergoing a 

liquidation process. 

 

102-3: Location of headquarters 

 

PSDL is headquartered in Singapore, with its corporate headquarters address at 2 

Venture Drive, #19-15 Vision Exchange, Singapore 608526.  

 

102-4: Location of operations 

 

Total number of countries: 3 

 

Countries where it has significant operations: 

Singapore  

Malaysia 

Thailand 

 

102-5: Ownership and legal form 

 

PSDL, a public limited company, is a holding company that owns several subsidiaries 

across Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand. PSDL was listed on the Catalist Board of the 

SGX-ST on 16 February 2017 pursuant to a reverse takeover of LH Group Limited.  

 


5 

 

 

102-6: Markets served 

 

i. Geographic locations where products and services are offered. 

 

In respect of the Group's Property Division, there are currently two (2) ongoing projects, 

namely (i) Puteri Cove Residences and Quayside located in Iskandar Puteri, Malaysia, 

and (ii) The Posh Twelve located in Bangkok, Thailand.  

 

ii. Sectors served 

 

Real Estate  

Construction 

Construction Materials 

 

For the purpose of this report, we shall focus more on the Property Division as a significant 

majority of the Group’s business operations and revenue arise from the Property Division. 

Also, currently, the Group’s Aluminium Division is undergoing a liquidation process. 

 

iii. Types of customers and beneficiaries 

 

In respect of the Group's Property Division, its customers comprise mainly property 

investors and buyer-occupiers. 

 

In respect of the Group's Aluminium Division (now in liquidation), its customers mainly 

comprise construction contractors. 

 

 

102-7: Scale of the organisation 

 

i. Total number of employees 

 

As at 27 June 2019, the Group has a total of 52 full-time employees and 9 contract/ 

temporary employees.  

 

ii. Total number of operations 

 

Two (2) ongoing projects under the Property Division, namely (i) Puteri Cove Residences 

and Quayside, and (ii) The Posh Twelve. 

 

iii. Net revenue  

 

In respect of the revenue and financial results of the Group for FY2018, please refer to 

page 9 and pages 45 to 50 of the Group’s annual report for FY2018 which had been 

released on SGXNet by the Company on 15 October 2018 (the “FY2018 Annual Report”). 

The FY2018 Annual Report may be accessed at the following link: https://www.sgx.com.  

 

iv. Quantity of products or services provided. 

 

Please refer to page 6 to 8 of the FY2018 Annual Report. 


6 

 

 

 

 

102-8: Information on employees and other workers 

 

Total number of employees by employment contract (permanent and temporary), 

by gender 

 

Gender 

Permanent 

Temporary 

Male 

19 

7 

Female 

33 

2 

Total 

52 

9 

 

Total number of employees by employment contract (permanent and temporary), 

by region 

 

Region name 

Permanent 

Temporary 

Singapore 

17 

- 

Malaysia 

24 

7 

Thailand and others 

11 

2 

Total 

52 

9 

 

Total number of employees by employment type (full-time and part-time), by gender 

 

 

Full-time 

Part-time 

Male 

26 

- 

Female 

35 

- 

Total 

61 

- 

 

The data has been compiled from the Group's human resources database, as at the 

date of this report. 

 

 

102-9: Supply chain 

 

For our Property Division, we work with various different suppliers and contractors to 

ensure the smooth running of our development properties. We also work with a wide range 

of professionals who provide professional, consultancy and advisory services for our 

projects, such as architects, quantity surveyors, interior designers etc.  

 

 

 


7 

 

102-10: Significant changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain 

 

Significant changes to the organisation’s size, structure, ownership, or supply 

chain 

 

This is the Group’s first Sustainability Report. Currently, the Group does not foresee any 

significant changes to the Group's size, structure, ownership or supply chain. There was 

also no significant change to the Group’s size, structure, ownership or supply chain during 

FY2018. 

 

 

102-11: Precautionary Principle or approach 

 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

 

The Precautionary Principle is a strategy to cope with possible risks where scientific 

understanding is yet incomplete. When human activities may lead to morally unacceptable 

harm that is scientifically plausible but uncertain, actions shall be taken to avoid or diminish 

that harm. Currently, the Group does not have a formal policy in respect of applying the 

Precautionary Principle. This is because the business in which the Group operates is well-

researched and established. Therefore, unacceptable harm which is scientifically 

plausible but uncertain is not expected to be significant. Nonetheless, the Group does 

acknowledge the Precautionary Principle and supports the intent of the Precautionary 

Principle. If any situation, event or action occurs whereby harm or damage is assessed to 

be possible, the Group's management will immediately take action to stop, evaluate and/or 

seek assistance to avoid or minimize such harm or damage. 

 

 

102-12: External initiatives 

 

A list of externally-developed economic, environmental and social charters, 

principles, or other initiatives to which the organisation subscribes, or which it 

endorses. 

 

Currently, the Group adheres to the Workplace Safety and Health Act in Singapore as well 

as the equivalent regulations in Malaysia and Thailand. Aside from adhering to statutory 

regulations such as the aforementioned and employment practices, the Group does not 

have any other formally-endorsed or subscribed economic, environmental and/or social 

charters, principles or other initiatives. The Group is planning to look into these and will 

update on its findings in its next Sustainability Report, if applicable. 

 

 

102-13: Membership of associations 

 

A list of the main memberships of industry or other associations, and national or 

international advocacy organisations. 

 

Singapore Business Federation 


8 

 

 

 

Strategy 

 

102-14: Statement from senior decision-maker 

 

Full Name 

 

Glen Chan 

 

Role 

 

CEO &amp; Managing Director 

 

Statement 

 

Our mission is to be a premium real estate developer in ASEAN key gateway cities, 

attracting and building the best talent towards value creation and sustainable growth for 

stakeholders, employees and communities. PSDL recognises the importance of 

sustainability, and that having the right tone set from the top is crucial in an organisation's 

growth and success. We will continue to earnestly learn and develop on our sustainability 

journey as our Group grows, and we are committed to conducting business in an 

environmentally, socially and ethically sustainable manner.  

 

Ethics and integrity 

 

102-16: Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior 

 

A description of the organisation’s values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behavior. 

 

PSDL, as a group, believes strongly in the following – STIR the passion, and ARISE for 

success. 

 

STIR stands for: 

Sense of ownership 

Teamwork 

Integrity 

Respect 

 

ARISE stands for: 

Adaptable 

Results-oriented 

Innovative 

Savvy 

Entrepreneurial 

 


9 

 

Governance 

 

102-18: Governance structure 

 

Governance structure of the organisation 

 

The Board of Directors of PSDL is assisted by three Board Committees, namely the Audit 

Committee, the Nominating Committee and the Remuneration Committee. Together, the 

Board and its Committees work closely to ensure a sound system of governance is 

implemented within the Group. 

 

Committees responsible for decision-making on economic, environmental, and 

social topics 

 

Currently, the Board comprises four (4) directors, of whom two (2) are executive directors 

and two (2) are independent directors. The Board is therefore of a nimble size and will, as 

a collective body, make decisions on economic, environmental and social topics as and 

when they arise. Based on the current Board composition, the Board notes that the Audit 

Committee will be unable to meet the minimum requirement of having three (3) non-

executive directors under Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Rules. Accordingly, the Board shall 

endeavour to fill the vacancy within the stipulated timeframe as prescribed by the Catalist 

Rules.  

 

 

Stakeholder engagement 

 

102-40: List of stakeholder groups 

 

A list of stakeholder groups engaged by the organisation. 

Stakeholder Group 

Means of 

Engagement 

 

Topics of Interest 

Responses 

Customers/Clients 

 

Social 

and 

email 

feedback 

Post-handover 

surveys 

 

Product quality 

Response time 

Service 

levels 

of 

sales ambassadors 

 

Rectifications to the 

clients’ satisfaction 

Streamlining 

communications 

channels 

Product and service 

quality training 

 

Employees 

 

Employee 

feedback 

channels 

Face-to-face 

meetings 

 

Recognition 

and 

career progression  

Employee 

satisfaction 

Communication 

 

Coaching 

and 

promoting deserving 

employees 

Support and guidance 

for employees 

Open-door policy for 

communication at any 

time 

 

 


10 

 

Stakeholder Group 

Means of 

Engagement 

 

Topics of Interest 

Responses 

Shareholders 

 

Annual report 

Announcements 

 

Financial 

performance 

Corporate 

governance 

 

Quarterly 

results 

announcements 

Annual report 

Press releases 

 

Professionals/Service 

Providers 

 

Face-to-face 

meetings 

Consultations 

Contracts 

and 

agreements 

 

Advice on specific 

matters 

such 

as 

legal, 

architecture 

etc 

Two-way 

communications and 

working 

closely 

to 

ensure 

advice 

is 

effectively given 

 

 

Contractors 

 

Face-to-face 

meetings 

Consultations 

 

Construction 

Design and planning 

of projects 

 

Requirement 

to 

adhere to workplace 

safety regulations 

Validation 

through 

internationally 

recognized awards 

 

Media/SGX 

 

Quarterly 

results 

announcements 

Press releases 

 

Financial 

performance 

News updates 

Compliance with the 

Catalist Rules  

Announcements and 

press releases 

Constant, 

regular 

dialogue 

with 

Sponsor 

 

 

102-41: Collective bargaining agreements 

 

Percentage of total employees covered by collective bargaining agreements. 

 

The Group’s employees are not covered by any collective bargaining agreement.  

 

 

102-42: Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

 

It is axiom that identifying and engaging well with stakeholders is a critical component of 

the Group's long-term success. Therefore, it is important to know and understand the 

demands and concerns of our stakeholders. Such stakeholders are identified and 

prioritised based on their dependence and influence on the business. We use both formal 

and informal channels of communication to understand the needs of key stakeholders and 

incorporate these into our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships. 

 

 

102-43: Approach to stakeholder engagement 

 

Most of our engagement with stakeholders is on an ad-hoc and as-necessary basis. 

However, there are certain stakeholder matters which are carried out on a regular basis, 

such as quarterly results announcements to provide updates to our shareholders on our 


11 

 

financial performance, annual reports, annual corporate governance reports as well as 

employee engagement on at least an annual basis. 

 

 

102-44: Key topics and concerns raised 

 

See above disclosure item 102-40. 

 

 

Reporting practice 

 

102-45: Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

 

In the Group's FY2018 Annual Report, the following entities were including in PSDL's 

consolidated financial statements: 

PSD Singapore Pte. Ltd. 

Twin Prosperity Group Ltd. 

Tropical Sunrise Development Inc. 

Pearl Discovery Development Sdn Bhd 

Pearl Discovery Property Management Sdn Bhd 

Pacific Star Development (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd 

Pacific Star Property Sdn Bhd 

Minaret Holdings Limited 

Pacific Star Development (Thailand) Co., Ltd. 

Durabeau Industries Pte Ltd (now in liquidation) 

LH Aluminium Industries Pte. Ltd. (now in liquidation) 

Autotrax International Pte. Ltd. (since divested) 

Autovox Korea Co. Ltd. (since divested) 

 

 

102-46: Defining report content and topic Boundaries 

 

PSDL has prepared this report in accordance with Rules 711A and 711B of the Catalist 

Rules. This report is also prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative 

(“GRI”) Standards Sustainability Reporting Guidelines 2016 - Core Option and its reporting 

principles.  

 

PSDL has not sought external assurance for this report and will consider it when our 

reporting matures over time or if the complexity of the Group’s operations requires such 

external assurance or assistance.  

 

This report focuses on our Group’s core business operations relating to property 

development (i.e. the Property Division) which are material to our business for FY2018. 

We will work towards refining and improving on our reporting scope and content as we 

advance in our sustainability reporting journey. The material topics in this report have been 

identified through active engagement with our key stakeholders, including customers, 

employees and regulators.  

 


12 

 

As part of our support for sustainable environmental practice, we will not be printing this 

report. The report is available at SGXNet, the website of the SGX-ST at 

http://www.sgx.com as well as on our website at: https://pacificstar-dev.com.  

 

 

102-47: List of material topics 

 

Materiality Assessment 

 

In conducting its materiality assessment, the Group evaluated each aspect's potential 

impact on the economy, environment, social sphere and influence on stakeholders. 

PSDL's senior management took reference from observations of PSDL's peers and 

industry practices, internal discussions and peer review, and applied the guidance from 

the GRI. Through these exercises, we have identified the following material aspects: 

 

Economic: Economic Performance, Anti-Corruption 

 

Environmental: Energy 

 

Social: Diversity and Equal Opportunity, Training and Education 

 

In future, the Group will continue to review and re-evaluate the relevance of our material 

factors to ensure their relevance to our stakeholders and business environment. Currently, 

we have not used any quantitative targets for the factors identified in our first sustainability 

report. Nonetheless, we will work to improve our performance in these areas and address 

these as they become better assessed across time. 

 

 

102-48: Restatements of information 

 

Not applicable as this is our first report. 

 

 

102-49: Changes in reporting 

 

Not applicable as this is our first report. 

 

 

102-50: Reporting period 

 

Due to change of financial year end, the Group’s financial period ending 30 June 2018 

will cover a period of 18 months from 1 January 2017 to 30 June 2018. 

 

 

102-51: Date of most recent report 

 

Not applicable as this is our first report. 

 

102-52: Reporting cycle 

 

Annually. 


13 

 

 

102-53: Contact point for questions regarding the report 

 

Name 

Darren Chua 

 

Email 

psd.cc@pacificstar-dev.com 

 

Position 

Vice President, Legal 

 

Telephone 

(65) 6411 0688 

 

 

102-54: Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

 

This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option 

 

 

102-55: GRI content index 

 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Page number(s)  

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

General Disclosures 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures  

Organisational profile 

102-1 Name of the organisation 

3  

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

3  

102-3 Location of headquarters 

4  

102-4 Location of operations 

4  

102-5 Ownership and legal form 

4  

102-6 Markets served 

5  

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

5  

102-8 Information on employees and other workers 

6  

102-9 Supply chain 

6  

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

7  

102-11 Precautionary Principle or approach 

7  

102-12 External initiatives 

7  

102-13 Membership of associations 

7  

Strategy 

102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker 

8  

Ethics and integrity 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behavior 

 

8  

 


14 

 

Governance 

102-18 Governance structure 

9  

Stakeholder engagement 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

9  

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

10  

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

10  

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

10  

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

11  

Reporting practice 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

11  

 

102-46 Defining report content and topic Boundaries 

11  

102-47 List of material topics 

12  

102-48 Restatements of information 

12  

102-49 Changes in reporting 

12  

102-50 Reporting period 

12  

102-51 Date of most recent report 

12  

102-52 Reporting cycle 

12  

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

13  

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

13  

 

102-55 GRI content index 

13  

102-56 External assurance 

14  

Material Topics 

 

 

GRI 201: Economic Performance 

 

 

201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed 

 

15  

 

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 

 

 

205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

15 

 

205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption 

policies and procedures 

15 

 

 

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken 

16 

 

 

 

 

GRI 302: Energy 

 

 

302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 

16 

 

GRI 404: Training and Education 

 

 

404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programs 

16 

 

 

 

 

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

 

 

405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

16 

 

 

 

102-56: External assurance 

 

PSDL has not sought external assurance for this report. We will consider it when our 

reporting matures over time or if the complexity of the Group’s operations requires such 

external assurance or assistance.  

 


15 

 

 

i. A reference to the external assurance report, statements, or opinions. If not 

included in the assurance report accompanying the sustainability report, a 

description of what has and what has not been assured and on what basis, 

including the assurance standards used, the level of assurance obtained, and any 

limitations of the assurance process 

 

Not applicable. 

 

ii. The relationship between the organisation and the assurance provider; 

 

Not applicable. 

 

iii. Whether and how the highest governance body or senior executives are involved 

in seeking external assurance for the organisation's sustainability report. 

 

Not applicable. 

 

 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

ECONOMIC 

 

Economic Performance 

 

PSDL endeavours to deliver long-term economic value for our stakeholders. This will be 

carried through sound management leadership and seeking valuable development and 

real estate opportunities. In light of the present muted and uncertain market sentiment in 

the real estate industry across the region, the Group’s management is exploring fee-

income business and deals by way of potential project management contracts in ASEAN. 

We continue to work on our extensive business network to source income-accretive 

contracts whilst maintaining a keen look-out for value-for-money property development 

opportunities. Simultaneously, risk-management remains of paramount importance. 

 

For a detailed breakdown of the Group’s financial performance for FY2018, please refer 

to our FY2018 Annual Report. 

 

Anti-Corruption 

 

The Group has a zero-tolerance stand on corruption. In all our dealings, we expect all 

employees to strictly uphold the Group’s policy on anti-corruption, fraud, whistle-blowing 

bribery clauses. PSDL also has a whistle blowing policy in place which has been duly 

endorsed by the Audit Committee and approved by the Board. The policy allows 

employees of the Group, in good faith and in confidence, to raise concerns about actual 

or possible corporate improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters. The 

members of the Audit Committee will be informed directly for any matters arising from the 

aforementioned. The Group has a dedicated email address for whistleblowing incidents to 

be reported. This email address is: whistleblowing@pacificstar-dev.com. 

 


16 

 

For FY2018, there had been no whistle blowing reports received. The Group intends to 

maintain the same track record of zero whistle blowing incidents for the next financial year 

ending 30 June 2019.  

 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

Energy 

 

The Group’s direct impact on the environment is limited, but we maintain a position that 

every effort to conserve resources and to reduce our impact on the environment does play 

a role to the overall global efforts to save our Earth. In the design of our properties, we 

consider energy saving and reduction of carbon footprint and weigh these against the 

capital and operating expenditure considerations. 

 

PSDL acknowledges the importance of proper management and conservation of energy 

consumption in order to reduce our carbon footprint. Thus far, the Group has adopted 

green practices such as switching off lights at our offices where no users are present, 

using energy efficient equipment, setting our computers to energy-saving mode and using 

air-conditioning only where and when function/meeting rooms are used. In addition, we 

encourage our employees to practice energy-saving initiatives, and to print documents 

only where absolutely necessary.  

 

 

SOCIAL 

 

Training and Education 

 

Our employees are one of the most important resources in ensuring the long term growth 

and development of the Group. Therefore, we fully acknowledge that there is a continuous 

need to upgrade staff skills and knowledge. Such training and education of our employees 

will benefit both the employees themselves as well as the Group. Therefore, we strongly 

encourage all of our staff to attend courses and seminars to keep themselves apprised of 

the latest developments in a myriad of areas, including human resources, regulations, 

industry best practices etc. In addition, employees who are keen to expand their skillsets 

are allowed to work on cross-department work tasks with suitable coaching and 

supervision so that they can work towards becoming multi-faceted and value-added 

members of our team. We aim to continue providing relevant trainings to our employees 

in upcoming years. 

 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity  

 

The Group embraces diversity in the workplace, and we are happy to inform that our 

employees have a healthy demographic in terms of age and gender.  

 

As at 27 June 2019, our employee demographics are as follow:  

 

Gender 

Male 

Female 

Number 

26 

35 

Percentage of Overall 

42.6% 

57.4% 


17 

 

 

 

Age 

Age: 30 or 

younger 

Age: 31 to 49 

Age: 50 and 

above 

Number 

15 

35 

11 

Percentage of Overall 24.6% 

57.4% 

18.0% 

 

The Group works hard to ensure that our employment practices are in line with local labor 

and employment laws. We have a strong stance against workplace discrimination; no 

employee should be discriminated against because of age, gender, national origin, 

disability, religion, sexual orientation, marital or maternity status, union membership or 

political opinion, among others. There is also zero tolerance for any workplace or work-

related sexual harassment. Any discrimination and/or harassment can be reported through 

our human resource channels or through our whistle-blowing channels.  

 

The Group is committed to providing competitive remuneration and benefits to our 

employees. We are also committed to safeguarding our employees’ health and safety 

against any potential workplace hazards.  

 

