
1 

 

 

 

 

 

Pacific Star Development Limited 

Sustainability Report FY2020 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This Sustainability Report has been reviewed by the Company’s Sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited (the “Sponsor”). 

It has not been examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “Exchange”) and 

the Exchange assumes no responsibility for the contents of this Sustainability Report, including the correctness of any 

of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this Sustainability Report. 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr David Yeong (Tel: (65) 6232 3210) at 1 Robinson Road, #21-00 AIA Tower, 

Singapore 048542. 

 


2 

 

Pacific Star Development Limited - 

Sustainability Report  

 

Organisation Name: Pacific Star Development Limited 

 

Sector: Real Estate 

 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

The Board of Directors of Pacific Star Development Limited (“PSDL” or the “Company”, 

and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is pleased to present the Group’s 

Sustainability Report for the financial year from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020 (“FY2020”). 

 

This report is prepared in compliance with the requirements of Rules 711A and 711B of 

the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) (the “Catalist Rules”), and references to the Global Reporting 

Initiative (“GRI”) Standards – Core Option as it is a well-known and globally recognised 

sustainability reporting framework. 

 

The Group’s mission is to be a premium real estate developer in ASEAN key gateway 

cities, attracting and building the best talent towards value creation and sustainable growth 

for stakeholders, employees and communities. One of the key tenets of this mission 

statement lies in the word “sustainable” as we believe that it is integral for the Group’s 

success to have long-term growth and development in a sustainable manner. As a global 

citizen, the Board considers sustainability issues as part of its strategic formulation. On an 

ongoing basis, the Board oversees the management and monitors the Group’s material 

environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) factors.  For FY2020, the management has 

determined the Group’s material ESG factors which are presented together with the 

materiality assessment process in this report. 

 

This report aims to provide a balanced account of PSDL’s policies, efforts and ambitions 

towards becoming a responsible corporate citizen. We will continue to improve on our 

reporting as our sustainability journey progress and matures.  

 

As part of our support for sustainable environmental practice, we will not be printing this 

report. The report is available at the website of the SGX-ST at http://www.sgx.com.  

 

 

Board of Directors 

Pacific Star Development Limited 

30 November 2020  

 

 


3 

 

GRI 102: General Disclosures 

 

Organisational Profile 

 

102-1: Name of the organisation 

 

Name of the organisation 

 

Pacific Star Development Limited 

 

102-2: Activities, brands, products, and services 

 

A description of the organisation's activities 

 

PSDL is an ASEAN-based property developer with experience in development and 

investment relating to integrated mixed-use and residential developments. It has been 

involved in key gateway cities across ASEAN, such as Kuala Lumpur, Iskandar Puteri and 

Bangkok. Currently, the Group has completed the construction of Phase 1 of the 1.3 million 

square feet mixed-use Puteri Cove Residences and Quayside in Malaysia. The Group has 

a property development project situated in Bangkok, Thailand known as The Posh Twelve. 

The development company of The Posh Twelve is currently undergoing a bankruptcy 

process as well as an acquisition transaction. Further details of these are set out below.   

 

Puteri Cove Residences and Quayside 

 

Puteri Cove Residences and Quayside is an award-winning luxury marina-front mixed-use 

development comprising two towers of 658 units of luxury freehold apartments, four blocks 

comprising 56 SOHO units, and a separate tower of premium serviced suites. The 

commercial component is Puteri Cove Quayside, a two-level waterfront retail promenade, 

which is built to mirror world-class marina projects offering a comprehensive range of 

prime waterfront retail and F&amp;B choices. This development augments Puteri Harbour’s 

position as the ultimate marina-front dining, leisure and shopping destination. 

 

The Posh Twelve, Bangkok Thailand 

 

The Posh Twelve is a freehold mixed-use development comprising two towers of upper 

mid-end condominium at 39 and 45 floors each, featuring a combined 1,373 residential 

units and a lifestyle retail podium. The Posh Twelve is developed by Kanokkorn Pattana 

Co., Ltd. (“KNK”), an entity held through the Group’s joint venture company. 

 

As announced by PSDL on 23 June 2020, Minaret Holdings Limited (“Minaret”), the 

Group’s joint venture company, initiated a bankruptcy of KNK by recalling shareholders’ 

loans made by Minaret to KNK. Minaret had submitted a bankruptcy petition against KNK 

on 22 June 2020 in the Thai Bankruptcy Court. The bankruptcy proceedings in relation to 

KNK (the “KNK Bankruptcy”) are in progress as at the date of this report. 

 

On 16 September 2020, Minaret had entered into a legally binding share sale and 

purchase agreement with a purchaser (the “Purchaser”) to (i) dispose Minaret’s 

shareholding (together with that of Minaret’s fellow shareholders who hold shares directly 

and indirectly) in the entirety of the share capital of KNK, and (ii) assign Minaret’s entire 


4 

 

shareholders’ loans (including interest) to the Purchaser for an aggregate consideration 

of THB 900 million (the “KNK Transaction”). Further details of the KNK Transaction were 

disclosed in PSDL’s announcement dated 17 September 2020. 

 

102-3: Location of headquarters 

 

PSDL is headquartered in Singapore, with its corporate headquarters address at 2 

Venture Drive, #19-15 Vision Exchange, Singapore 608526.  

 

102-4: Location of operations 

 

Total number of countries: 3 

 

Countries where it has significant operations: 

➢ Singapore  

➢ Malaysia 

➢ Thailand 

 

102-5: Ownership and legal form 

 

PSDL, a public limited company, is a holding company that holds several subsidiaries and 

associated companies across Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand. PSDL was listed on the 

Catalist Board of the SGX-ST on 16 February 2017 pursuant to a reverse takeover of LH 

Group Limited.  

 

102-6: Markets served 

 

i. Geographic locations where products and services are offered. 

 

There are currently two (2) projects, namely (i) Puteri Cove Residences and Quayside 

located in Iskandar Puteri, Malaysia, and (ii) The Posh Twelve located in Bangkok, 

Thailand. The Posh Twelve is subject to the outcomes of the KNK Bankruptcy and the 

KNK Transaction.  

 

The Posh Twelve project is mentioned in this report as it continues to be contained within 

the Group’s project portfolio. However, it should be noted that references in this report to 

the Posh Twelve shall be regarded to also include a proviso that the Posh Twelve is 

subject to the KNK Bankruptcy and the KNK Transaction as stated above. The 

construction of the Posh Twelve has also been halted, as announced by PSDL on 3 

February 2020.  

 

ii. Sectors served 

 

Real Estate  

 

iii. Types of customers and beneficiaries 

 

The Group’s customers comprise mainly property investors and buyer-occupiers. 

 


5 

 

102-7: Scale of the organisation 

 

i. Total number of employees 

 

As at 30 November 2020, the Group has a total of 32 permanent employees and no 

contract/temporary employee.  

 

ii. Total number of operations 

 

Two (2) projects, namely (i) Puteri Cove Residences and Quayside, and (ii) The Posh 

Twelve.  

 

iii. Net revenue  

 

Pursuant to PSDL’s announcements made on 2 October 2020, 29 October 2020 and 6 

November 2020, PSDL had applied for an extension of time for PSDL’s annual general 

meeting (“AGM”) and for the release of its unaudited financial results for the quarter ended 

30 September 2020. The extension application was granted and PSDL shall hold its AGM 

by 30 December 2020. PSDL shall release its annual report for FY2020 (the “FY2020 

Annual Report”) together with the notice of AGM in the first half of December 2020. 

 

Consequently, the Group’s net revenue details will be set out in the FY2020 Annual 

Report. The FY2020 Annual Report will be released on SGXNet and PSDL’s website, and 

in due course may be accessed at the following links: https://www.sgx.com and 

https://pacificstar-dev.com/ respectively.  

 

iv. Quantity of products or services provided. 

 

The Group’s portfolio of products comprises of (i) Puteri Cove Residences and Quayside, 

and (ii) The Posh Twelve. The respective quantities of units/offerings of the projects are 

duly described above in Section 102-2 of this report.  

 

102-8: Information on employees and other workers 

 

Total number of employees by employment contract (permanent and temporary), 

by gender 

Gender 

Permanent 

Temporary 

Male 

18 

- 

Female 

14 

- 

Total 

32 

- 

 

Total number of employees by employment contract (permanent and temporary), 

by region 

Region name 

Permanent 

Temporary 

Singapore 

10 

- 

Malaysia 

22 

- 

Thailand and others 

- 

- 

Total 

32 

- 


6 

 

 

Total number of employees by employment type (full-time and part-time), by gender 

 

Full-time 

Part-time 

Male 

17 

1  

Female 

14 

- 

Total 

31 

1  

 

The data has been compiled from the Group's human resources database, as at 30 

November 2020.  

 

102-9: Supply chain 

 

The Group works with various suppliers and contractors to ensure the smooth running of 

our development properties. We also work with a wide range of professionals who provide 

professional, consultancy and advisory services for our projects, such as architects, 

quantity surveyors, interior designers, etc.  

 

102-10: Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

 

Significant changes to the organisation’s size, structure, ownership, or supply 

chain 

 

Currently, the Group does not foresee any significant changes to the Group's size, 

structure, ownership or supply chain. There was also no significant change to the Group’s 

size, structure, ownership or supply chain during FY2020. 

 

102-11: Precautionary Principle or approach 

 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

 

The Precautionary Principle is a strategy to cope with possible risks where scientific 

understanding is yet incomplete. When human activities may lead to morally unacceptable 

harm that is scientifically plausible but uncertain, actions shall be taken to avoid or diminish 

that harm.  

 

Currently, the Group does not have a formal policy in respect of applying the Precautionary 

Principle. This is because the business in which the Group operates is well-researched 

and established. Therefore, unacceptable harm which is scientifically plausible but 

uncertain is not expected to be significant. Nonetheless, the Group does acknowledge 

the Precautionary Principle and supports the intent of the Precautionary Principle. If any 

situation, event or action occurs whereby harm or damage is assessed to be possible, the 

Group's management will immediately take action to stop, evaluate and/or seek 

assistance to avoid or minimise such harm or damage. 

 

 

 

 


7 

 

102-12: External initiatives 

 

A list of externally-developed economic, environmental and social charters, 

principles, or other initiatives to which the organisation subscribes, or which it 

endorses. 

 

Currently, the Group adheres to the Workplace Safety and Health Act in Singapore as well 

as the equivalent regulations in Malaysia and Thailand. Aside from adhering to statutory 

regulations such as the aforementioned and employment practices, the Group does not 

have any other formally-endorsed or subscribed economic, environmental and/or social 

charters, principles or other initiatives.  

 

102-13: Membership of associations 

 

A list of the main memberships of industry or other associations, and national or 

international advocacy organisations. 

 

Singapore Business Federation 

 

 

Strategy 

 

102-14: Statement from senior decision-maker 

 

Full Name 

 

Ying Wei Hsein 

 

Role 

 

Executive Chairman 

 

Statement 

 

Whilst the Group continues to work hard to weather the current challenges brought by 

COVID-19 and the difficult business climate, sustainability continues to be one of our key 

focuses. PSDL is committed towards protecting shareholder interests, creating value and 

achieving sustainable growth for all our stakeholders, employees and communities. 

Setting the right tone from the top is crucial in an organisation's growth and success. We 

will continue to earnestly learn and develop on our sustainability journey as our Group 

grows, and we are committed to conducting business in an environmentally, socially and 

ethically sustainable manner.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


8 

 

Ethics and Integrity 

 

102-16: Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

 

A description of the organisation’s values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour. 

 

The Group believes strongly in the following – STIR the passion, and ARISE for success. 

 

STIR stands for: 

Sense of ownership 

Teamwork 

Integrity 

Respect 

 

ARISE stands for: 

Adaptable 

Results-oriented 

Innovative 

Savvy 

Entrepreneurial 

 

 

Governance 

 

102-18: Governance structure 

 

Governance structure of the organisation 

 

The Board of Directors of PSDL is assisted by three Board Committees, namely the Audit 

Committee, the Nominating Committee and the Remuneration Committee. Together, the 

Board and its Committees work closely to ensure a sound system of governance is 

implemented within the Group. 

 

Committees responsible for decision-making on economic, environmental, and 

social topics 

 

Currently, the Board comprises four (4) directors, of whom one (1) is an Executive Director 

and three (3) are Independent Directors. The Board is therefore of a nimble size and will, 

as a collective body, make decisions on economic, environmental and social topics as and 

when they arise.  

 

 

 

 


9 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

102-40: List of stakeholder groups 

 

A list of stakeholder groups engaged by the organisation. 

 

Stakeholder Group 

Means of 

Engagement 

 

Topics of 

Interest 

Responses 

Customers/Clients 

 

• Social and 

email feedback 

• Post-handover 

surveys 

 

• Product quality 

• Response time 

• Service levels 

of sales 

ambassadors 

 

• 

Rectifications to 

industry 

standards  

• 

Streamlining 

communication 

channels 

• 

Product and 

service quality 

training 

 

Employees 

 

• Employee 

feedback 

channels 

• Face-to-face 

meetings 

 

• Recognition 

and career 

progression  

• Employee 

satisfaction 

• Communication 

 

• 

Coaching and 

promoting 

deserving 

employees 

• 

Support and 

guidance for 

employees 

• 

Open-door 

policy for 

communication 

at any time 

 

Shareholders and 

lenders 

 

• Annual report 

• Announcements 

 

• Financial 

performance 

• Corporate 

governance 

 

• 

Transparency in 

disclosures 

• 

Quarterly 

results 

announcements 

• 

Annual report 

• 

Continuous 

engagement 

 

Professionals/Service 

Providers 

 

• Face-to-face 

meetings 

• Consultations 

• Contracts and 

agreements 

 

• Advice on 

specific matters 

such as legal, 

architecture etc 

• 

Two-way 

communications 

and working 

closely to 

ensure advice is 

effectively given 

 

Contractors 

 

• Face-to-face 

meetings 

• Construction 

• 

Requirement to 

adhere to 


10 

 

Stakeholder Group 

Means of 

Engagement 

 

Topics of 

Interest 

Responses 

• Consultations 

 

• Design and 

planning of 

projects 

 

workplace 

safety 

regulations 

• 

Validation 

through 

internationally 

recognised 

awards 

 

Media/SGX 

 

• Quarterly 

results 

announcements 

 

 

• Financial 

performance 

• News updates 

• Compliance 

with the Catalist 

Rules  

• 

Transparency in 

disclosures 

• 

Announcements  

• 

Constant, 

regular and 

frank dialogue 

with Sponsor 

 

 

102-41: Collective bargaining agreements 

 

Percentage of total employees covered by collective bargaining agreements. 

 

The Group’s employees are not covered by any collective bargaining agreement.  

 

102-42: Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

 

A critical component of the Group's long-term success lies in identifying and engaging well 

with stakeholders. Thus, it is crucial to identify and understand the demands and concerns 

of our stakeholders. Such stakeholders are identified and prioritised based on their 

dependence and influence on the business. We employ a mix of formal and informal 

channels of communication to understand the needs of key stakeholders and incorporate 

these into our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships. 

 

102-43: Approach to stakeholder engagement 

 

Most of our engagement with stakeholders is on an ad-hoc and as-necessary basis. 

However, there are certain stakeholder matters which are carried out on a regular basis, 

such as dialogues with lenders to the Group, quarterly results announcements to provide 

updates to our shareholders on our financial performance, annual reports, annual 

corporate governance reports as well as employee engagement on at least an annual 

basis. 

 

 

 

 


11 

 

102-44: Key topics and concerns raised 

 

See above disclosure item 102-40 (List of stakeholder groups). 

 

Reporting Practice 

 

102-45: Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

 

In the Group's FY2020 Annual Report, the following entities will be included in PSDL's 

consolidated financial statements: 

(i) 

PSDL 

(ii) 

PSD Singapore Pte. Ltd. 

(iii) 

Twin Prosperity Group Ltd. 

(iv) 

Tropical Sunrise Development Inc. 

(v) 

Pearl Discovery Development Sdn. Bhd. 

(vi) 

Pearl Discovery Property Management Sdn. Bhd.* 

(vii) 

Pacific Star Development (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.* 

(viii) 

Pacific Star Property Sdn. Bhd.* 

(ix) 

Minaret Holdings Limited 

(x) 

Pacific Star Development (Thailand) Co., Ltd. 

(xi) 

Kanyakorn Pattana Co., Ltd. 

(xii) 

Kanokkorn Pattana Co., Ltd.** 

 

*  

Currently in the process of applying for striking off from the register of companies of 

Malaysia  

**  

The bankruptcy proceedings in relation to KNK initiated by Minaret are in progress 

as at the date of this report. 

 

102-46: Defining report content and topic boundaries 

 

PSDL has prepared this report in accordance with Rules 711A and 711B of the Catalist 

Rules. This report is also prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative 

(“GRI”) Standards Sustainability Reporting Guidelines 2016 - Core Option and its reporting 

principles.  

 

PSDL has not sought external assurance for this report and will consider it when our 

reporting matures over time or if the complexity of the Group’s operations requires such 

external assurance or assistance.  

 

We will work towards refining and improving on our reporting scope and content as we 

advance in our sustainability reporting journey. The material topics in this report have been 

identified through active engagement with our key stakeholders, including customers, 

employees and regulators.  

 

As part of our support for sustainable environmental practice, we will not be printing this 

report. The report is available at SGXNet, the website of the SGX-ST at 

http://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements as well as on PSDL’s website at 

https://pacificstar-dev.com.  

 

 


12 

 

102-47: List of material topics 

 

Materiality Assessment 

 

In conducting its materiality assessment, the Group evaluated each aspect's potential 

impact on the economy, environment, social sphere and influence on stakeholders. 

PSDL's senior management took references from observations of PSDL's peers and 

industry practices, internal discussions and peer review, and applied the guidance from 

the GRI. Through these exercises, we have identified the following material aspects: 

• 

Economic: Economic Performance, Anti-Corruption 

• 

Environmental: Energy 

• 

Social: Diversity and Equal Opportunity, Training and Education 

 

The applicability and relevance of our material factors is subject to regular review. This is 

important in relation to the Group’s interaction with our stakeholders and business 

environment. We will continue striving to improve our performance in these areas and 

address these as they become better assessed across time. For the upcoming year, the 

Group will work towards further reducing its energy consumption by 5% to 10%, which 

shall be assessed by an internal review of the Group’s office’s electricity bills. The Group 

continues to preach a strong anti-corruption stance and will target for zero incidents of 

whistleblowing.  

 

102-48: Restatements of information 

 

There are no restatements of information since the previous report.  

 

102-49: Changes in reporting 

 

We have not changed our reporting substantially since the previous report.  

 

102-50: Reporting period 

 

The reporting period, FY2020, spans 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020.  

 

102-51: Date of most recent report 

 

The most recent report was issued on 27 November 2019.   

 

102-52: Reporting cycle 

 

Annually. 

 

102-53: Contact point for questions regarding the report 

 

Name 

Darren Chua 

 

Email 

psd.cc@pacificstar-dev.com 

 


13 

 

Position 

Vice President, Legal 

 

Telephone 

(65) 6411 0688 

 

102-54: Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

 

This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option. 

 

102-55: GRI content index 

 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Page number(s)  

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

General Disclosures 

 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures  

Organisational profile 

102-1 Name of the organization 

3  

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

3 

102-3 Location of headquarters 

4 

102-4 Location of operations 

4 

102-5 Ownership and legal form 

4 

102-6 Markets served 

4 

102-7 Scale of the organization 

5 

102-8 Information on employees and other workers 

5 

102-9 Supply chain 

6 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and 

its supply chain 

6 

 

102-11 Precautionary Principle or approach 

6 

102-12 External initiatives 

7 

102-13 Membership of associations 

 

7 

Strategy 

102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker 

 

7 

Ethics and integrity 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

 

8  

 

Governance 

102-18 Governance structure 

 

 8 

Stakeholder engagement 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

9 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

10 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

10 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

10 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

 

 11 

Reporting practice 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

11 

 

102-46 Defining report content and topic 

boundaries 

11 

 


14 

 

102-47 List of material topics 

12 

102-48 Restatements of information 

12 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

12 

102-50 Reporting period 

12 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

12 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

12 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

12 

 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

13 

 

102-55 GRI content index 

13 

102-56 External assurance 

 

14 

 

Material Topics 

 

 

GRI 201: Economic Performance 

 

 

201-1 Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

 15 

 

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 

 

 

205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

15 

 

 

205-2 Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures 

15 

 

 

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken 

15 

 

GRI 302: Energy 

 

 

302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 

15 

GRI 404: Training and Education 

 

 

404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programs 

16 

 

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

 

 

405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees 

16 

 

 

102-56: External assurance 

 

PSDL has not sought external assurance for this report. We will consider it when our 

reporting matures over time or if the complexity of the Group’s operations requires such 

external assurance or assistance.  

 

i. A reference to the external assurance report, statements, or opinions. If not 

included in the assurance report accompanying the sustainability report, a 

description of what has and what has not been assured and on what basis, 

including the assurance standards used, the level of assurance obtained, and any 

limitations of the assurance process 

 

Not applicable. 

 

ii. The relationship between the organisation and the assurance provider; 

 

Not applicable. 


15 

 

 

iii. Whether and how the highest governance body or senior executives are involved 

in seeking external assurance for the organisation's sustainability report. 

 

Not applicable. 

 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

ECONOMIC 

 

Economic Performance 

 

FY2020 has been an extremely challenging year. The difficult business environment and 

real estate markets in Malaysia and Thailand in FY2020 was exacerbated by the COVID-

19 pandemic. PSDL’s current focus is on ensuring the sustainability of the Group’s 

operations for the long-run. This will be carried out through active fundraising and 

restructuring efforts. Simultaneously, risk-management remains of paramount importance. 

 

For a detailed breakdown of the Group’s financial performance for FY2020, please refer 

to the FY2020 Annual Report which will be released in due course. 

 

Anti-Corruption 

 

The Group has a zero-tolerance stand on corruption. In all our dealings, we expect all 

employees to strictly uphold the Group’s policy on anti-corruption, fraud, whistle-blowing 

and bribery clauses. PSDL also has a whistle blowing policy in place which has been duly 

endorsed by the Audit Committee and approved by the Board. The policy allows 

employees of the Group, in good faith and in confidence, to raise concerns about actual 

or possible corporate improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters. The 

members of the Audit Committee will be informed directly for any matters arising from the 

aforementioned. The Group has a dedicated email address for whistleblowing incidents to 

be reported. This email address is: whistleblowing@pacificstar-dev.com. 

 

For FY2020, there had been no whistle blowing reports received (FY2019: nil). There has 

been no incident of non-compliance with relevant anti-corruption laws and regulations 

which would have a material impact on the Group for FY2020. The Group aims to maintain 

this clean track record going forward. 

 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

Energy 

 

The Group’s direct impact on the environment is limited, but we maintain a position that 

every effort to conserve resources and to reduce our impact on the environment does play 

a role in the overall global efforts to save our Earth. In the design of our properties, we 

consider energy saving and reduction of carbon footprint and weigh these against the 

capital and operating expenditure considerations. 

 

PSDL acknowledges the importance of proper management and conservation of energy 

consumption in order to reduce our carbon footprint. Thus far, the Group has adopted 


16 

 

green practices such as switching off lights at our offices where no users are present, 

using energy efficient equipment, setting our computers to energy-saving mode and using 

air-conditioning only where and when function/meeting rooms are used. In addition, we 

encourage our employees to practice energy-saving initiatives, and to print documents 

only where absolutely necessary. The Group was able to reduce its energy consumption 

in its offices by over 5%, which was a target set in the previous sustainability report. This 

was also in part due to work-from-home arrangements which were implemented during 

the circuit breaker in Singapore and the movement control order in Malaysia during the 

first half calendar of 2020. 

 

There has been no incident of non-compliance with relevant environmental laws and 

regulations which would have a material impact on the Group for FY2020. The Group aims 

to maintain this clean track record going forward. 

 

 

SOCIAL 

 

Training and Education 

 

Our employees are one of the most important resources in ensuring the long-term growth 

and development of the Group. Therefore, we fully acknowledge that there is a continuous 

need to upgrade staff skills and knowledge. Such training and education of our employees 

will benefit both the employees themselves as well as the Group. Therefore, we strongly 

encourage all of our staff to attend courses and seminars to keep themselves apprised of 

the latest developments in a myriad of areas, including human resources, regulations, 

industry best practices etc. In addition, employees who are keen to expand their skillsets 

are allowed to work on cross-department work tasks with suitable coaching and 

supervision so that they can work towards becoming multi-faceted and value-added 

members of our team. We aim to continue providing relevant training to our employees in 

upcoming years. 

 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity  

 

The Group embraces diversity in the workplace, and we are happy to inform that our 

employees have a healthy demographic in terms of age and gender.  

 

As at 30 November 2020, our employee demographics are as follow:   

 

Gender 

Male 

Female 

Number 

18 

14 

Percentage of Overall 

56.25% 

43.75% 

 

 

Age 

Age: 30 or 

younger 

Age: 31 to 49 

Age: 50 and 

above 

Number 

10 

15 

7 

Percentage of Overall 

31.25% 

46.88% 

21.88% 

 

 


17 

 

The Group works hard to ensure that our employment practices are in line with local labour 

and employment laws. We have a strong stance against workplace discrimination; no 

employee should be discriminated against because of age, gender, national origin, 

disability, religion, sexual orientation, marital or maternity status, union membership or 

political opinion, among others. There is also zero tolerance for any workplace or work-

related sexual harassment. Any discrimination and/or harassment can be reported through 

our human resource channels or through our whistle-blowing channels.  

 

The Group is committed to providing competitive remuneration and benefits to our 

employees. We are also committed to safeguarding our employees’ health and safety 

against any potential workplace hazards. There has been no incident of non-compliance 

resulting in regulatory breaches related to relevant health and safety legislation for 

FY2020. The Group aims to maintain this clean track record going forward. 

 

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group stands ready to Work From Home 

(“WFH”) and has set up the necessary information technology systems to facilitate 

employees WFH if the situation requires. In addition, the Group is ready to implement 

alternate group work attendance to ensure business continuity should the COVID-19 

pandemic worsen. 

