
 

 

 

Pan Asian Holdings Limited 

 

2, KALLANG AVENUE, CT HUB, #05-18,  

SINGAPORE 339407 

T : +65 6268 7227 

F : +65 6268 9679 

EMAIL : enquiry@panasian.com.sg 

Website : www.panasian.com.sg 

 

 




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORT FY2018 

 

 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) is 

pleased 

to 

present 

our 

second 

Sustainability 

Report. 

This 

report 

describes 

the 

sustainability 

performance for the period 1 January 

2018 to 31 December 2018 (“FY2018”). 

 

This report has been prepared with 

reference 

to 

the 

Sustainability 

Reporting Guide in Practice Note 7F of 

the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing 

Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist. 

This 

report 

also 

draws 

on 

the 

internationally recognised standard of 

reporting, 

the 

Global 

Reporting 

Initiative (“GRI”) GRI Standards, which 

represent the global best practice for 

reporting on a range of economic, 

environmental and social impacts. 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

Under the direct guidance of our 

Board , the management identifies, 

assesses and determines material 

Environmental, 

Social, 

and 

Governance 

(“ESG”) 

factors. 

The 

Board has considered sustainability 

issues 

as 

part 

of 

its 

strategic 

formulation, determined the material 

ESG 

factors 

and 

overseen 

the 

management and monitoring of the 

material ESG factors. 

 

This report covers our operations in 

Singapore, Hong Kong, and China for 

FY2018. 

 

 








 

3 

 

Pan Asian Holdings Ltd (“Pan Asian 

Holdings” or the “Company” and 

together with its subsidiaries, the 

“Group”) 

prides 

itself 

to 

be 

a 

participant of a greener tomorrow and 

a socially responsible enterprise. 

 

Guided by our values and principles, 

we continue to integrate our business 

activities towards our commitments to 

the 

environment, 

society, 

and 

shareholders. 

 

During 

the 

year, 

we 

had 

also 

constructed about 80% of our new 

building in Tuas South Link. We had 

emphasised energy savings in our 

plant’s 

design 

and 

insisted 

no 

compromise on worksite safety. We 

are pleased to report that there were 

zero accidents at the construction site 

in FY2018. 

 

Sustainability 

is 

a 

journey 

of 

continuous improvements. We are 

committed to align our operations 

along this objective. And we are 

working toward a more complete 

sustainability report in accordance to 

the GRI Standards in the coming 

reporting years. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

4 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

CONTENTS  

 

 

1. ABOUT PAN ASIAN HOLDINGS LTD  

 

 

 

2. MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

 

 

 

3. ENVIRONMENT (E) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4. SOCIAL (S)  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

5. GOVERNANCE (G)  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

5 

 

 

 

 

ABOUT PAN ASIAN HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

Founded in 1979, Pan Asian Holdings has grown to be a leading provider of high 

quality integrated piping solutions for water and wastewater infrastructure 

projects. 

 

Through close collaboration with strategic partners, Pan Asian Holdings offers 

customised and cost-effective products and solutions for turnkey projects in the 

water, wastewater, environmental, marine and oil and gas industries, and its 

businesses span across various countries in Asia Pacific, Europe and the Middle 

East. 

 

Leveraging on its technical expertise, R&amp;D capabilities, and over 30 years of 

industry experience, Pan Asian Holdings is the trusted partner of renowned 

international brands for the manufacture and supply of piping, valves, couplings, 

pumps, tanks and related products and equipment. With its in-house fabrication 

facilities, Pan Asian Holdings is able to customise to the unique requirements of 

each and every project. Internal audits are carried out regularly to ensure that 

quality processes comply with ISO requirements. 

 

Listed on Catalist of the SGX since 2004, with its headquarters based in 

Singapore, Pan Asian Holdings is well-positioned to expand on its operations to 

address the evolving needs of its target markets, widening its reach and 

capabilities to serve as a one-stop provider of integrated systems and solutions. 

 

 

 

1. MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

Pan Asian Holdings Limited had set up a Sustainability Committee (the 

“Committee”), tasked to identify, manage, and monitor relevant ESG factors of 

the Company’s operations. 

 

The Committee had carried out the materiality assessment based on data and 

relevant activities for FY2018. Relevant activities being all daily operational 

activities by the Group’s employees. 

 

ESG factors that are assessed to be material to our business, strategy and 

various stakeholders had been identified as below. 

 

 

ESG factors 

Process 

to 

monitor 

and 

manage 

Environment Energy 

and 

waste 

management 

 

Reduce, reuse, recycle 

Social 

Employee development and Equal opportunities hiring  


 

6 

 

diversity  

 

Employee upgrading and team 

building 

Governance 

Board 

Composition, 

Shareholders’ 

Engagement 

and Ethics 

 

Whistle Blowing Policy 

 

 

Dealing in Shares 

 

Board 

Composition, 

Shareholders’ 

Engagement 

and Ethics 

 

Board independence and 

competency 

 

 

Presently being reviewed.  

 

 

 

 

Timely disclosure and quality of  

announcements. 

 

Operational 

Risk  

Procurement Procedures 

 

 

 

IT Infrastructure 

 

Routine assessment and review 

by ISO Consultants 

 

Data backup via data center 

and routing upgrade by external 

professional IT firm 

 

 

 

 

 

 




 

7 

 

 

2. ENVIRONMENT 

 

Energy and Waste Management 

 

In as much possible, Pan Asian Holdings Ltd and its group of companies  

conduct their business operations in a manner that respect the environment, 

and to enable the sustainability of the 

environment. 

 

In FY2018, the Group had implemented E-

Waste Collection points in all operational units. 

Staffs 

were 

encouraged 

to 

dispose 

of 

households’ used batteries and unwanted 

electronic parts through the collection point. 

 

Except for bulky items and waste that require 

specific treatment, all e-wastes would typically 

be disposed off through recycling bins. 

 

Energy savings has always been our key consideration in all purchases of 

electrical appliances and components. We also extend the life of equipment 

wherever possible through refurbishment and reuse in hope to reduce 

wastage which harms the environment. 

 

Part of daily activities that are in line with this commitment include:- 

 

 Waste and scrap electronics equipment are sent for recycling 

 Use of recycled paper and encouraging a paperless working 

environment. 

 Switching off of lighting, air conditioner when not in use 

 Encouraging of the use of public transport and car-pooling amongst 

employees 

 

The Group’s initiatives to reduce its carbon footprint by way of reducing 

consumption of resources, re-use, and re-cycle whenever possible had 

produced qualitative results. It is now the habit of most employees to recycle 

offices’ stationary and to switch of lights and air conditional units during lunch 

time. 

 

Our records maintained have revealed that the average electricity 

consumption level in our offices in Singapore and Hong Kong is approximately 

1,564 kWh per person in FY2018.  Notwithstanding that the electricity 

consumption level of the Group is anticipated to change with the expected 

move in the Company’s office in FY2019, the Group will endeavour to 

continuously monitor our electricity consumption levels. We aim to reduce our 




 

8 

 

electricity consumption for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 

(“FY2019”) by encouraging our employees to adopt electricity-saving habits. 

We also aim to introduce an energy-savings mindset in our newcomers’ 

orientation in FY2019, as a guide the newcomers’ daily conduct in their 

energy consumption habits.  

 

3. SOCIAL  

 

Employee Diversity 

 

Pan Asian Holdings aims to build a learning workforce of various backgrounds, 

and to draw upon a wide range of skills and experience to meet the 

challenging needs of the business environment that it operates in. 

 

All hiring, training, compensation, career progressions opportunities, 

terminations and recreational events, are conducted without discrimination, 

based on merits and unhampered by artificial barriers, prejudices or 

preferences. 

 

The table below illustrates the breakdown of the employees of the Group in 

terms of gender and age:- 

 

 

 

Other than a well-diversified workforce in terms of age and gender, the Group 

has a diversified workforce consisting of employees coming from different 

countries such as China, Malaysia, Indonesia, and Philippines. 

 

Employee Development  

Employee development is important and the Group recognises that regular 

performance reviews and training is essential in maintaining and/or improving 

our employees’ motivation and job satisfaction.  

 




 

9 

 

We conduct regular in-house training as well as external training to all 

employees, in addition to training by accredited institutions or organisation, 

where possible. Typical in-house training include products knowledge, 

whereas external training were mostly related to professional skills.  

 

In FY2018, we had conducted over 200 man hours of both in-house and 

external training program to employees and external parties as a form of 

contribution and imparting of our know-how to fellow industry members. We 

aim to gradually increase the number of training hours conducted per financial 

year by 50% from FY2018 in the next 5 years.  

 

 

 

 

 

Work Environment 

 

Teamwork and a harmonious working environment plays an important part in 

fostering the Company’s culture. The Group targets to conduct team building 

activities twice a year to enhance the relationships amongst employees.  

 

 




 

10 

 

 

Yearly Gaming &amp; Team Building Event 

 

 

4. GOVERNANCE  

 

Board Composition, Shareholders’ Engagement and Ethics 

 

Commitment to our shareholders has always been a priority. 

 

The Board comprise of five directors, of whom, two are executive directors, 

one non-independent non-executive director and two are independent non-

executive directors. The Board’s combined expertise include finance, 

accounting, legal, business and industry specialties.  

 

With majority of Board members comprising of Non-Executive directors, the 

Board is able to exercise objective judgment independently from management. 

 

The Group actively keep shareholders informed with the latest performance, 

strategic and corporate developments. The Group has engaged with 

shareholders openly and actively during annual general meetings has been 

the yearly practice of the Group. The Group targets to continue to be 

transparent and timely in its communications to its shareholders, by improving 

its quality of disclosures and timeliness of its announcements released on the 

SGXNET.  

 

We are in compliance with the Code of Corporate Governance 2012 in 

particular with respect of our Board composition as well as shareholders 

communication for FY2018. Please refer to our annual report for FY2018. 

 

We aim to be compliant with the revised Code of Corporate Governance 2018 

in FY2019, and to provide explanations for any deviations from any of the 

provisions, where applicable. 

 

 




 

11 

 

 

Whistle Blowing Policy 

 

As at the date of this report, the Company is revising its existing whistle-

blowing framework, to be endorsed by the Audit Committee (“AC”), where 

employees of the Company may, in confidence, raise concerns about possible 

corporate improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters. The 

AC, upon receipt of complaints or allegations from any employee, determines 

if an investigation is necessary. If an investigation should be carried out, it will 

direct an independent investigation to be conducted on the complaint received. 

The AC and the Board will receive a report on that complaint and findings of 

investigation, as well as a follow-up report on actions taken. The objective for 

such arrangement is to ensure independent investigations of such matters 

and for appropriate follow-up actions.  

 

Upon finalisation, the policy will be disclosed on the company’s website. 

 

The Company did not receive any whistle-blowing reports in FY2018.  

 

Dealing in Shares 

 

The Company has set out guidelines to the Directors and officers of the Group 

in relation to dealings in the Company’s securities. These guidelines prohibit 

the Company and its officers from dealing in the listed securities of the Group 

while in possession of material or price sensitive information and during the 

period one month before the announcement of the Company’s half-year and 

full-year financial results and ending on the date of announcement of the 

relevant financial results. The Company, its Directors and officers are also 

advised not to deal in the Company’s securities on short-term consideration. 

 

The Company, Directors and officers of the Company are also advised to 

observe insider trading laws at all times even when dealing in the Company’s 

securities within the permitted trading period. 

 

All Directors are also provided with proper guidance on disclosure of interests 

in securities, restrictions on disclosure of price sensitive information and 

disclosure of interests relating to the Group’s businesses. 

 

 

5. OPERATIONAL RISK 

 

Procurement Procedures 

Our supply chain’s operation is guided by ISO standards, with guidelines on 

selection and evaluation of suppliers. As well as diversification of suppliers to 

ensure cost effectiveness and minimising risk of operational disruption. These 


 

12 

 

activities are routinely assessed and approved by independent ISO 

consultants on a yearly basis. 

 

IT Infrastructure 

The Group’s IT maintenance is outsourced to professional contractors with 

extensive track record and sufficient resources.  

 

Routine IT maintenance include system reliability, server backup in data 

center, and prevention of data leaking and losses. There had not been major 

IT issues faced by the Group in FY2018 such as the loss of data and 

cyberattacks and in the prior years. We will continue to conduct regular IT 

maintenance in FY2019 and we target to maintain our record of having no 

major IT issues faced in FY2019.  

 

 

*****     END     ***** 

