
 

 

 

Pan Asian Holdings Limited 

Sustainability Report for FY2017 




 

2 

 

CONTENTS  

 

 

1. BOARD MESSAGE  

 

 

 

 

 

 

3 

 

 

2. ABOUT PAN ASIAN HOLDINGS LTD  

 

 

 

3 

 

 

3. MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

 

 

 

 

4 

 

 

4. ENVIRONMENT (E) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

5 

 

 

5. SOCIAL (S)  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

6 

 

 

6. GOVERNANCE (G)  

 

 

 

 

 

 

7 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

3 

 

 

1. BOARD MESSAGE ON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

 

The Board of Directors is pleased to present our first Sustainability Report.  

 

Under the direct guidance of our Board of Directors (the “Board”), the 

management identifies, assesses and determines material Environmental, Social, 

and Governance (“ESG”) factors. The Board had approved the material ESG 

factors and have overseen the management and monitoring of the material ESG 

factors. 

 

Feedback and contact person  : 

 

 

 

Name : 

Chew Khong Yuen 

 

Email : 

khongyuen.chew@panasian.com.sg 

 

Tel 

: 

65 6268 7227 

 

 

This report covers data and relevant activities for the financial year ended 31 

December 2017 (FY2017). 

 

Pan Asian Holdings Limited (”Pan Asian Holdings” or the “Company” and 

together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”)  had set up a Sustainability Committee 

(the “Committee”), tasked to identify, manage, and monitor relevant ESG factors 

of the Company’s operations. 

 

The Committee comprises of the CEO and the CFO and will include more 

members as we refine the Report and monitoring and reporting process. The 

Committee reports to the Board . 

 

We have prepared the Sustainability Report adopting the guidelines of the Global 

Reporting Initiative (GRI), which is a widely adopted framework, generally 

applicable among other comparable listed companies. 

 

We will periodically review our sustainability strategy, re-evaluate our material 

ESG factors and refine our processes to monitor and manage such material ESG 

factors in term of their relevance to our stakeholders and to ensure compliance 

with Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”) Listing 

Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist.  

 

2. ABOUT PAN ASIAN HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

Founded in 1979, Pan Asian Holdings has grown to be a leading provider of high 

quality integrated piping solutions for water and wastewater infrastructure 

projects. 

 

Through close collaboration with strategic partners, Pan Asian Holdings offers 

customised and cost-effective products and solutions for turnkey projects in the 

water, wastewater, environmental, marine and oil and gas industries, and its 


 

4 

 

businesses span across various countries in Asia Pacific, Europe and the Middle 

East. 

 

Leveraging on its technical expertise, R&amp;D capabilities, and over 30 years of 

industry experience, Pan Asian Holdings is the trusted partner of renowned 

international brands for the manufacture and supply of piping, valves, couplings, 

pumps, tanks and related products and equipment. With its in-house fabrication 

facilities, Pan Asian Holdings is able to customise to the unique requirements of 

each and every project. Internal audits are carried out regularly to ensure that 

quality processes comply with ISO requirements. 

 

Listed on Catalist of the SGX since 2004, with its headquarters based in 

Singapore, Pan Asian Holdings is well-positioned to expand on its operations to 

address the evolving needs of its target markets, widening its reach and 

capabilities to serve as a one-stop provider of integrated systems and solutions. 

 

 

 

3. MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

The Committee had carried out the materiality assessment from data and 

relevant activities for the financial year ended 31 December 2017 (“FY2017”).  

 

ESG factors that are assessed to be material to our business, strategy and 

various stakeholders had been identified as below. 

 

 

ESG factors 

Process 

to 

monitor 

and 

manage 

Environment Energy and waste management 

 

Reduce, reuse, recycle 

Social 

Workforce diversity 

 

Human resource 

 

Equal opportunities hiring  

 

Employee upgrading and team 

building 

 

Governance 

Board performance 

 

 

Shareholders communication 

Board independence and 

competency 

 

Communication 

channels 

and 

Ethics  

 

 


 

5 

 

 

 

 

 

4. ENVIRONMENT 

 

Energy and Waste Management 

 

In as much possible, we conduct our business operations in a manner that 

respect the environment, and to enable the sustainability of the environment. 

 

The Group had in FY2017, embarked on initiatives to reduce its carbon 

footprint by way of reducing consumption of resources, re-use, and re-cycle 

whenever possible. 

 

We aim to track our consumption of electricity starting from FY2018 and aim 

to reduce consumption by constantly imposing awareness among the 

employees.  

 

Energy saving has always been our key considerations in all purchases of 

electrical appliances and components, in addition to economy feasibility. 

 

Refurbishment and reuse of equipment to prolong its useful life with minimal 

additional environmental cost has been the preferred approach for a 

sustainable solution. We extend the life of equipment wherever possible. 

 

Part of daily activities that are in line with this commitment include : 

 




 

6 

 

 Waste and scrap electronics equipment to be sent to recycling 

company 

 Use of recycled paper and encouraging a paperless working 

environment. 

 Switching off of lighting, air conditioner when not in use 

 Encouraging of the use of public transport and car pooling among co-

workers 

 

5. SOCIAL  

 

Employee Development and Diversity 

 

Pan Asian Holdings aims to build a learning workforce of various backgrounds, 

and to draw upon a wide range of skills and experience to meet the 

challenging needs of business environment. 

 

All hiring, training, compensation, career progressions opportunities, 

terminations and recreational events, are conducted without discrimination, 

based on merits and unhampered by artificial barriers, prejudices or 

preferences. 

 

 

 

 

Other than a well diversified workforce in terms of age and gender, the Group 

has a diversified workforce consisting of employees coming from different 

countries such as China, Malaysia, Indonesia, and Philippines. 

 

Employee development is important and the Company recognises that regular 

performance reviews and training help keep staff motivated and the Company 

successful. 

 




 

7 

 

We conduct regular in house training to all employees, in addition to training 

by accredited institutions or organisation, where possible.  

 

Teamwork and a harmonious working environment plays an important part in 

fostering the Company’s culture. Team building activities were regularly held 

to enhance the relationship among employees and management team. 

 

We aim to increase our training and team building activities for our employees 

starting from FY2018 and aim to increase these activities over time.  

 

 

6. GOVERNANCE 

 

Board Composition, Shareholders’ Engagement and Ethics 

 

Commitment to our shareholders has always been a serious priority. 

 

The Board comprise of five directors, of whom, two are executive directors, 

one non-independent non-executive director and two are independent non-

executive directors. The Board’s combined expertise include finance, 

accounting, legal, business and industry specialties.  

 

With majority of Board members comprising of Non-Executive directors, the 

Board is able to exercise objective judgment independently from management. 

 

The Group actively keep shareholders informed with latest performance, 

strategic and corporate developments. 

 

Engaged with shareholders openly and actively during annual general 

meetings has been the yearly practice of the Group. 

 

We are in compliance with the Code of Corporate Governance 2012 in 

particular with respect of our Board composition as well as shareholders 

communication for FY2017. Please refer to our annual report for FY2017. 

 

We note and aim to maintain compliance with the revised Code of Corporate 

Governance 2018 in particular with respect of our Board as well as 

shareholders communication in due course and in a timely manner.  

 

Whistle Blowing Policy 

 

The Company has put into place a whistle-blowing framework, endorsed by 

the Audit Committee (“AC”), where employees of the Company may, in 

confidence, raise concerns about possible corporate improprieties in matters 

of financial reporting or other matters. The AC, upon receipt of complaints or 

allegations from any employee, determines if an investigation is necessary. If 


 

8 

 

an investigation should be carried out, it will direct an independent 

investigation to be conducted on the complaint received. The AC and the 

Board will receive a report on that complaint and findings of investigation as 

well as a follow-up report on actions taken. The objective for such 

arrangement is to ensure independent investigations of such matters and for 

appropriate follow-up actions.  

 

The Company did not receive any whistle-blowing reports in FY2017.  

 

Dealing in Shares 

 

The Company has set out guidelines to the Directors and officers of the Group 

in relation to dealings in the Company’s securities. These guidelines prohibit 

the Company and its officers from dealing in the listed securities of the Group 

while in possession of material or price sensitive information and during the 

period one month before the announcement of the Company’s half-year and 

full-year financial results and ending on the date of announcement of the 

relevant financial results. The Company, its Directors and officers are also 

advised not to deal in the Company’s securities on short-term consideration. 

 

The Company, Directors and officers of the Company are also advised to 

observe insider trading laws at all times even when dealing in the Company’s 

securities within the permitted trading period. 

 

All Directors are also provided with proper guidance on disclosure of interests 

in securities, restrictions on disclosure of price sensitive information and 

disclosure of interests relating to the Group’s businesses. 

 

 

*****     END     ***** 

