
 

 



 

 

2019 

Sustainability  

Report 




 

 

 

Table of Contents 

 

C 

on\C C    Contents 

 

Page 

 

STATEMENT FROM THE BOARD 

1 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

2 

ABOUT US 

3 – 6 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

Sustainability Approach and Corporate Governance 

7 

Stakeholders Engagement  

8 

Material Topics 

 

FY2018 Material Topics and Targets Set 

 

9 

 

10  

SUSTAINABILITY TOPICS 

 

Economic Performance 

11 – 12 

Occupational Health and Safety 

13 – 14 

Training and Education 

15 – 16 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT INDEX 

17 – 18 


 

1 

 

STATEMENT FROM THE BOARD 

 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) and management of Pan Asian Holdings Limited (“PAHL”) 

and our subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) recognise that the key to achieving a 

sustainable business lies with good management of its material environmental, social and 

governance (“ESG”) factors. 

 

The Group is committed to adopting leading sustainable practices that would in return create 

sustainable value for its shareholders. Management continue to engage in activities that would 

bring sustainable and long-term economic benefits to the Group.  

 

The Group, together with the Board is proud to present our third Sustainability Report (the 

“Report”) for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (“FY2019”). The Management has 

also included occupational health and safety in our assessment of material ESG factors, and 

have implemented relevant measures for our employees at different locations, including 

sending employees on safety courses to enhance their knowledge on safety measures at work 

sites, etc. The Board and the management continue our focus on sustainability as an important 

factor when making business decisions. The management will be responsible in implementing, 

monitoring and reporting material ESG performance indicators and issues to the Board. The 

Board has considered sustainability issues as part of its strategic formulation, determined the 

material ESG factors and overseen the management and monitoring of the material ESG 

factors.  

 

 

 

Sincerely, 

Board of Directors  

Pan Asian Holdings Limited 


 

2 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

Report Methodology 

 

We have prepared this Report with reference to the Sustainability Reporting Guide in Practice 

Note 7F of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual 

Section B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist Rules”) and the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) 

Standards Sustainability Reporting Guidelines 2016 – Core Option and its reporting principles. 

 

GRI standards continue to be the sustainability reporting framework of choice as it is 

internationally recognised and widely adopted, enabling us to provide a broad and comparable 

disclosure of the ESG performance. The GRI content index can be found on pages 15 to 16 

in this Report. We have also made reference to our 2019 Annual Report released on the 

SGXNET on 9 April 2020 (“Annual Report”). 

 

We have not sought external assurance for the disclosures made in this report and may 

consider doing so in the future. 

 

Report Scope 

 

This Report covers the sustainability practices and efforts of our Group’s operations in 

Singapore for FY2019. The section on “Corporate Profile” sets out details of our Group’s 

businesses and activities.  

 

 

Report Contact and Feedback 

 

We welcome any feedback as part of continuous improvement to the reporting of our Group’s 

sustainability efforts and performance. You may reach us at ir@panasian.com.sg. 


 

3 

 

ABOUT US 

Vision and Mission Statement 

 

 

Corporate Profile  

 

Our Group was founded in 1979 under the name of Pan Asian Metal and was subsequently 

listed on the Catalist Board of SGX-ST in 2004. Our registered office, as well as our principal 

place of business, is located at 2 Kallang Avenue, #05-18 CT Hub, Singapore 339407. 

 

PAHL started as a stockist for water meters, piping and valves for the water, oil and gas 

sectors. Today, besides manufacturing products under the brands that we carry, we are also 

the authorised agent for 15 well-known international brands of water solutions-related 

products. 

 

With a market capitalisation of S$3,427,232 as at 29 April 2020, the Group currently has 43 

employees for our operations in 4 regions, namely Singapore, China, Hong Kong and the 

Netherlands. We have served customers in Singapore, China and Hong Kong’s infrastructure, 

public utilities, water and waste-water sectors. 

 

Vision

•In 10 years time, PAHL aspires to be

an International company with supply

success in more than 50 countries and

with no less than 25% market share in

each region/ country. To achieve this

success,

PAHL

will

allign

itself

to

ensure

its

employees'

career

cum

financial being is improved.

Mission

•To be a leading manufacturer cum

representative

of

world

class

manufacturer so that we can be a

preferred partner to the global industry

by

ensuring

customer

satisfaction

through

providing

consistent quality

product punctually which shall be by

the company's continuous, motivating,

challenging and rewarding policy to its

committed

employees.

With

the

continued success achieved, it will be

able to consider to continue to reward

its shareholders.


 

4 

 

ABOUT US 

Corporate Profile (Cont’d) 

 

 

 

 

Pan Asian Holdings Limited

100% - Duvalco Valves and 

Fittings Pte Ltd

100% - Duvalco B.V.

100% - Duvalco Valves &amp; 

Fittings (Wuxi) Ltd

50% - Duvalco UK Limited

100% - Pan Asian Flow 

Technology Pte Ltd

50% - MUHR Asia Pte Ltd

10% - SPJV Intergated LLP

100% - Sacha Inchi Pte Ltd

100% - Sacha Inchi (Thailand) 

Co., Ltd

100% - Pan Asian Water 

Solutions (HK) Limited

100% - PA Water Solutions 

(Shanghai) Limited

100% - Pan Asian 

Manufacturing (Tianjin) Co. 

Ltd

100% - PT. Pan Asian Water 

Solutions

100% - W.D.Moore (2013) 

Pty Ltd


 

5 

 



ABOUT US 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Our Supply Chain 

 

At PAHL, our supply chain consists of suppliers from China, Malaysia and Taiwan. We strive 

to maintain good business relations with our suppliers who are able to meet our quality, 

environmental, safety and health standards. Our supply chain’s operations are guided by ISO 

standards, with stringent guidelines on the selection and evaluation of suppliers. Evaluation 

criteria such as quality, cost-effectiveness, track records, reputation and other requirements 

were formalised in our Group’s policies and procedures, communicated to relevant personnel 

and enforced by the management. 

 

An efficiently structured supply chain network has proven to be an important factor for our 

continued and sustainable success, allowing us to provide our customers quality goods and 

services. Quality checks are in place and performed upon receipt of raw materials. We are 

ISO 9001:2015 certified for our Quality Management System, which serves as a testimony for 

the components and checks that we have put in place to make sure that our customers are 

satisfied with our products and services. 

 



 

 


 

6 

 

ABOUT US 

 

Membership of Association 

PAHL is also proud to be a part of the esteemed Singapore Water Association (“SWA”). SWA 

is a collaboration of 260 private sector players registered in Singapore or having a strong 

presence in Singapore. SWA provides a forum for collaboration and the interaction of ideas 

and knowledge among member companies. The Group actively participates in these 

networking and information sessions to be updated with developments in the market and 

sustainable practices. 

 

 

 

 




 

7 

 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

Sustainability Approach  

 

Generating sustainable value for our stakeholders is a core philosophy and objective of PAHL. 

We have designed our corporate strategies using sustainability-centred principles, while 

making sure that our business decisions are established in line with economic, social and 

environmental interests of our stakeholders. 

 

Our Board of Directors, senior management, and key stakeholders have actively involved 

themselves in the establishment, review and monitoring of the Group’s sustainability initiatives 

as well as overseeing the overall direction of the Group’s sustainability approach and 

incorporate sustainability considerations when formulating business strategies. Our senior 

management assists the Board by implementing and monitoring the performance of our 

sustainability initiatives as well as preparing periodic reports on material ESG issues to the 

Board.   

 

Collectively, the Board and senior management regularly engages the Group’s key 

stakeholders to better understand their concerns and expectations in relation to sustainability 

issues.  

 

Corporate Governance 

The Group believes that governance establishes the tone for the organisation, nurturing 

accountability, transparency, ethical business conduct and maximisation of long-term 

shareholder value while increasing the value of the company. The Board and the management 

are dedicated to upholding the highest standards of corporate governance, professional 

business conduct, integrity and commitment throughout our organisation. 

 

The Group adheres to the principles and guidelines of the Code of Corporate Governance 

2018 issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”). The management also make 

sure that the Group is updated on other regulations, notices, circulars, and guidelines that may 

be released by the MAS and the SGX-ST from time to time and seek regulatory guidance 

where necessary.  

 

The Board oversees the governance and risk management functions and is aware of the need 

to put in place a sound system of risk management and internal controls to safeguard the 

shareholders’ interests and the Group’s assets. Internal monitoring and review processes 

have been established to assess the adequacy and the effectiveness of the Group’s internal 

control systems put in place, including financial, operational, compliance and information 

technology controls and risk management systems.  

 

The Group has an internal whistle-blowing policy in place which provides an anonymous 

avenue for our employees to raise in confidence their concerns about possible improprieties, 

fraudulent activities and malpractices within the Group responsibly, regarding financial, 

operational or compliance aspects to the Audit Committee (“AC”). The Group is in the midst 

of updating our whistle-blowing framework, where all parties, not just the employees, may 

raise concerns about possible corporate improprieties in all matters. We are proud to 

announce that the AC has not received any reports of malpractices in FY2019 and will strive 

to maintain this record through the strict upholding of honourable business practices and 

integrity-centred business decisions. 


 

8 

 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

The Group’s business operations impact multiple stakeholder groups and we value inputs and 

comments from our stakeholders. For FY2019, we continue to actively engage our 

stakeholders informally or formally, to understand their perspectives on our sustainable 

practices. 

 

Through the engagement, the Sustainability Committee (the “SC”), comprising the Chief 

Financial Officer (“CFO”), the Managing director and the General manager has identified and 

reassessed the key ESG factors to be included in this Report. The table below depicts our key 

stakeholder groups, our means of engagement with them, as well as their key concerns.  

 

Stakeholder Group 

Engagement activities 

Key concerns 

Sponsor 

 

Meetings, discussions and 

reporting 

 

Compliance to Catalist Rules 

Employees 

 

Employee appraisals 

 

Employee trainings 

 

Employee welfare and benefits 

 

Personal development 

Customers 

 

Enquiry and feedback channels 

 

Meetings and discussions with 

customers 

 

Good customer service 

 

Pricing advantage 

Suppliers 

 

Enquiry and feedback channels 

 

Meetings and discussions with 

suppliers  

 

Prompt payments 

 

Compliance with terms and 

conditions of transactions 

Shareholders 

 

Board meetings, reporting and 

annual general meetings 

 

Annual and interim reports 

 

Circulars and news releases to 

shareholders 

 

Profitability 

 

Transparency 

 

Timely reporting 

Government and 

Regulators 

 

Discussions with government 

agencies and departments 

 

Compliance with regulations 

 

Timely reporting and resolution 

of issues 

 


 

9 

 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

Material Topics 

After gathering feedback from our internal and external stakeholders, the SC had re-evaluated 

the relevance of our previously reported material topics such as energy, effluents and waste, 

procurement practices, employment and diversity and decided to focus on the following ESG 

factors that have been deemed to be material in FY2019:  

 

 

 

Economic Performance 

 

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

 

 

Training and Education 

The Group will review and re-evaluate our material topics disclosed on an annual basis to 

make sure that the selected topics are relevant to our stakeholders and business landscape. 

 








 

10 

 

FY2018 MATERIAL TOPICS AND TARGETS SET 

Material Topics 

Highlighted in 

FY2018 

Target sets for FY2019 

Progress and Updates 

Energy and Waste 

management 

 

Reduce electricity 

consumption from 1,564 

KWH per person in 

FY2018. 

 

Introduce energy-savings 

mindset in our newcomers’ 

orientation in FY2019. 

 

 

The Sustainability Committee and 

Management have re-assessed 

this target set last year and has 

decided that this topic is not 

material to the Group’s business in 

FY2019, where electricity 

consumption in offices was 

minimal. Accordingly, no records 

had been kept in respect of 

electricity consumption in FY2019 

and no comparison could be made 

with the targets set. 

 

The target to introduce energy-

savings mindset was met through 

constant reminders to newcomers 

and existing employees to switch 

off appliances and to use energy 

savings appliances.   

Work Environment 

To conduct team building 

activities twice a year 

 

The target set for FY2019 was met 

with the Company conducting more 

than 2 cohesive activities to 

enhance the relationship of the 

employees.  

 

The Sustainability Committee and 

Management have re-assessed 

this target set last year and has 

decided that this topic is no longer 

material to the Group’s business. 

 

IT Infrastructure 

No major IT issues  

 

The target set for FY2019 was met 

with as there was no major IT 

issues encountered during the 

year.  

 

The Sustainability Committee and 

Management have re-assessed 

this target set last year and has 

decided that this topic is no longer 

material to the Group’s business. 

 

 

As part of the ongoing evaluation of material ESG topics, the management and the 

Sustainability Committee have reviewed and deemed the above topics identified in the FY 

2018 Sustainability Report no longer material to the Group in FY2019 for the reasons set out 

above.  

 


 

11 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

The Group is dedicated to deliver long term economic value to our stakeholders, through 

sound financial stewardship and maintaining a suitable and sustainable business portfolio. 

Despite a challenging FY2019 with volatile and uncertain economic environment, the Group 

recorded a profit of S$0.4 million from the S$1.2 million net loss in Financial Year 2018 

(“FY2018”). In appreciation of the unwavering support from the shareholders, the Board has 

recommended a first and final dividend of S$0.0018 (FY2018: nil) per share. Economic value 

generated and distributed in FY2019 and FY2018 from our operations are set out in the table 

below.  

 

FY2019 (S$’000) 

FY2018 (S$’000) 

Direct Economic Value Generated 

(Revenue) 

23,372 

25,290 

Economic value distributed (costs, 

wages, taxes and etc.)  

22,936 

26,517 

Profit/ (loss) net of tax 

436 

(1,227) 

For detailed breakdown of our economic performance, please refer to our Annual Report. 


 

12 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE (CONT’D) 

 

Percentage of revenue by geographical regions: 

 

 

Target for FY2020 

As the COVID19 pandemic continues, the outlook for FY2020 will remain volatile and 

unpredictable for the Group. However, we will continue to explore new business opportunities 

and new markets, while improving efficiency and explore cost-cutting measures to streamline 

our operations and to improve our revenue and margins. 

The target for FY2020 will be to remain profitable and to explore new markets or geographic 

locations to enter into.  

The Sustainability Committee and management targets to move into projects and roles that 

will have a positive environmental impact such as targeting sustainability-related projects. 

 

 

 

23.37

25.29

FY2018

FY2019

Revenue (S$, millions)

56%

12%

7%

25%

FY2019

Singapore

China

Europe

Hong Kong

35%

13%

10%

42%

1%

FY2018

Singapore

China

Europe

Hong Kong

Japan


 

13 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

 

At PAHL, the health and safety of our employees are crucial to our success. The Group is 

committed in making sure that our Occupational Health and Safety (“OHS”) practices including 

the proactive tracking and monitoring of incidents are performed consistently.  

 

The Group has in place an OHS Management System which covers our office and warehouse. 

Our OHS Management System is audited by an external consultant and is ISO 45001:2018 

certified. Our operations are also bizSAFE certified at the highest Star level by the Singapore 

Workplace Safety and Health Council. 

 



 

 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

14 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY (CONT’D) 

 

The Group also has a routine risk assessment exercise which helps us identify, minimise and 

where possible, eliminate work-related hazards. During this exercise, our risk assessment 

team headed by our certified engineer review and implement controls for work-related hazards.  

 

In FY2019, our risk assessment exercise has identified the following processes with potential 

work-related hazards and in response, we have implemented necessary controls to address 

these work-related hazards: 

 

 

Office activities 

 

Manual handling of materials 

 

Material transportation 

 

Loading and unloading 

 

Forklift operations 

 

Storage of materials 

 

Operation of overhead cranes 

 

Aspects of human health 

 

Plausible terror threats 

 

On an annual basis, our OHS Committee, comprising management and employees will meet 

and discuss safety incidences, control effectiveness for identified hazards and any potential 

hazards 

 

New employees joining the Group will have to undergo a mandatory safety briefing. An annual 

safety briefing will also be conducted for the employees to refresh their knowledge of hazards 

and controls. Employees are also able to report potential hazards to the risk assessment team 

and OHS Committee without fear of reprisal.     

 

In addition to monthly checks on our first aid boxes, fire extinguishers and our warehouse 

equipment, fire drills and safety discussions were also conducted to embed a safety culture. 

Safety posters, banners and signage were put up at various workstations and areas to 

maintain a healthy level of safety awareness. 

 

Our employees are also provided medical and healthcare benefits which include medical and 

accidental insurance. The Group is proud to announce that for FY2019, there were no work-

related injuries or incidents. 

Target for FY2020 

 

The Group will continue to invest in the occupational safety and health of our workers. We will 

strive to maintain our record of zero work-related injuries in FY2020. 

 

The Sustainability Committee and management targets to report zero COVID-19 breaches 

and infection by implementing office and warehouse safety measures such as temperature 

screenings, social distancing and other regulatory requirements to prevent the spread of the 

COVID-19 virus. 

 


 

15 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

 

Our employees have always been a key pillar in contributing to the Group’s growth and 

success. The Group takes great effort in providing opportunities for upgrading of skills and 

training so that our employees will be equipped with relevant skills and knowledge in line with 

the future direction of the Group.  

 

We provide our employees with opportunities to develop workforce skills and competencies, 

through participation in trainings and seminars. The Group strives to ensure that our existing 

and experienced employees are able to adapt to new industry requirements and standards 

and training costs are borne by the Group. 

 

In FY2019, our employees have undergone training and education in the following areas: 

 Management 

 Finance 

 Engineering 

 Safety courses 

 

Details of the total training hours and average training hours based on gender and employee 

categories are set out in the table below:  

 

Total Training Hours 

 

Male 

Female 

Senior Management 

64 

84 

Middle Management 

64 

24 

Technical/ Others 

192 

24 

 

320 

132 

 

 

 

Total Employees 

Senior Management 

4 

1 

Middle Management 

2 

1 

Technical/ Others 

10 

7 

 

16 

9 

 

 

 

Average Training Hours per Employee 

Senior Management 

16 

84 

Middle Management 

32 

24 

Technical/ Others 

19.2 

3.43 

 

20 

14.67 

 

In FY2019, we were able to achieve more than 100% increase in training hours as compared 

to the 200 training hours recorded in FY2018, which is more than the targeted increase of 50% 

over the next 5 years with FY2018 as the base year. Our achievement in FY2019 

demonstrates our commitment to employee training and to advance professional development.  


 

16 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION (CONT’D) 

 

The Group views performance reviews seriously as periodic reviews on employee 

performance acts as a periodic check and guide for employees to understand the Group’s 

requirements and directions. This will further help our employees to align their efforts with the 

Group’s strategy and key success factors.  

 

The annual appraisal process also serves as a two-way communication channel between 

Management and employees to assist them in identifying skills and opportunities for future 

growth.  

 

For FY2019, all our employees have taken part in our annual appraisal process. 

 

Target for FY2020: 

 

Moving forward, the Group plans to improve the variety of training courses provided to our 

employees, as well as increasing the average training hours provided per employee. 

 

The variety of training course will include job specific training courses, in the form of 

engineering and finance related courses and non-job specific training courses will include 

leadership training, soft skills training in IT related courses and other knowledge training 

courses.


 

17 

 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT 

INDEX 

Note: AR = Annual Report 2019 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference / 

Reason for 

Omission, if any 

General Disclosures 

Organisation 

Profile 

102-1 

Name of the organisation  

Page 1 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and 

services 

Page 3 

102-3 

Location of headquarters  

Page 3 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Page 3 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form  

Page 3 

102-6 

Markets served 

Page 3 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

Page 3 

102-8 

Information on employees and other 

workers  

Page 3 

102-9 

Supply chain  

Page 5 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation 

and its supply chain 

No significant 

changes 

102-11 

Precautionary principle or approach  

Page 7 

102-12 

External initiatives  

 

Page 7 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Page 6 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

Page 1 

Ethics and 

Integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and 

norms of behaviour 

Page 7 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Annual Report 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Page 8 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Reporting 

Practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

Page 4 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries 

Page 2 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Page 9 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

None 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Page 10 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Page 1 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

9 April 2020 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annual 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding 

the report 

Page 2 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with 

the GRI Standards 

Page 2 

102-55 

GRI content index 

Page 17 

102-56 

External assurance 

Page 2 

 


 

18 

 

GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) CONTENT 

INDEX (Cont’d) 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference / 

Reason for 

Omission, if any 

Specific Disclosures 

Management 

Approach  

103-1  

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundaries 

Page 7 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

Economic Performance 

Economic 

Performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated 

and distributed  

Page 11 to 12 

Occupational Health and Safety 

Occupational 

Health and Safety 

403-1 

Occupational Health and Safety 

Management System 

Page 13 to 14 

403-2 

Hazard identification, risk 

assessment and incident 

investigation 

403-4 

Worker participation, consultation 

and communication on occupational 

health and safety 

403-5 

Worker training on occupational 

health and safety 

403-8 

Workers covered by an 

occupational health and safety 

management system 

403-9 

Work-related injuries 

Training and Education 

Training and 

Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year 

per employee 

Page 15 to 16 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading employee 

skills and transition assistance 

programs 

404-3 

Percentage of employees receiving 

regular performance and career 

development reviews 

 

