


Pavillon Holdings Ltd.



 











Sustainability Report 2020


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 

CONTENTS 

 

Board Statement  

 

 

 

 

 

 

1 

 

 

 

 

Our Sustainability Vision 

 

 

 

 

 

1 

 

Areas of Focus 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1 

 

About this Report 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1 

Reporting Period and Scope 

 

 

 

 

2 

Material Assessment 

 

 

 

 

 

2-6 

 

Stakeholder Engagement  

 

 

 

 

7 

Our Sustainability Progress and Targets  

 

 

8 

 

 

 

Governance  

 

 

 

 

 

 

9 

 


1 

 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

The board continues to commit to incorporating the key principles of environment, social, and 

governance in setting out our business strategies and operations so as to create financial value 

to the shareholders and have a positive impact on all stakeholders and our environment.   

OUR SUSTAINABILITY VISION 

Our sustainability vision is to produce and supply high-quality products and services in a 

manner that minimises any adverse impact on the environment, while at the same time creates 

sustainable value for our stakeholders.   

AREAS OF FOCUS 

However, we also acknowledge this is an important decision for the long-term, and to achieve 

this, we will continue to focus on the following areas: 

 

1)    Production and operating process 

2)    Innovation 

3)    Environmental protection 

 

We will continue to improve our sustainability programs; we are committed and determined to 

balance the impact of economic growth, environmental protection, and social responsibility in 

our strategic plan to achieve sustainable value for all stakeholders. 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

This is our group's forth sustainability report.  Unlike past years where we report within 

our annual report, we will now change to report them on our corporate 

website: https://thaivillagerestaurant.com.sg/investors/” and also upload onto SGX 

portal. This report will continue to focus on the following factors that impact our 

business: 

 

1) economic and operation 

2) environmental and  

3) social issues  

 

 

In this report, we set out the approaches adopted by the group and the measures we 

have taken thus far in managing the economic, environmental, social and governance 


2 

 

aspects of our business operations adopted from Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 

guidelines.  

 

At the same time, we will continue from the established performance targets which we 

have tracked and will report them in our subsequent sustainability reports. The current 

report is not subject to any external assurance. We may consider seeking external 

assurance in the future. 

 

REPORTING PERIOD AND SCOPE 

 

This report explains our sustainability’s strategies and approaches and provides detailed 

information about our sustainability performance in all our businesses and applies to the 

Group’s financial year ended 31 December 2020.   

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

Economic and operational factors 

Retention of customers 

It is a known fact that generally we need to invest more to acquire a new customer as compared 

to retaining an existing one. Not only is it more cost effective to retain existing customers, but it 

also yields better returns from the existing customers. This is because loyal customers tend to 

spend more than new customers due to their familiarity with our business and our products. At 

the same time, many are more willing to try new products due to the relationship built over the 

years. 

Customer retention is a matter of relationship building. Good relationships make life better for 

everyone. They’re mutually beneficial for our customers and us.  

For example, customers are more forgiving and understanding and are less likely to fly off the 

handle at the first sign of unhappiness. This is because they know where and who to give 

feedback to.  All these protect our revenue and make life easier for our employees who play a 

huge role in customer services that contribute to customer loyalty.  

Therefore, customer retention is critical to the sustainability of our group business.     

 

Improvement in productivity efficiencies  

 

We believe that sustainability and productivity do not have to be in conflict. They can work hand 

in hand for the benefits of stakeholders.  

Productivity improvement has always been an important part of our long-term and key 

processes for sustaining a business. Being more efficient results in lower operating costs which 


3 

 

make us more competitive. This in turn improves our revenue.  The result is better profits for the 

group. 

 

Operation efficiency could be achieved by eliminating unnecessary wastage of raw materials, 

wastage of manpower and waste of space, etc. Thus, it is necessary to adopt an efficient 

productivity improvement system that enables businesses and individuals to continue to 

improve their productivity. 

 

Technology advancement has been a key component in the evolution of business productivity.  

It has helped to significantly streamline processes and make businesses more efficient and 

effective resulting in more competitive advantages. 

This can only be achieved through the collective efforts of many parties, including but not limited 

to industry, authority, academic institutions, staffs and innovators, coming together to realize the 

vast benefits of utilizing technology to streamline processes and maximize yields and 

productivity, without over-consuming the planet’s vital resources, helping to secure a 

sustainable future for the next generation. 

 

It is also a known fact that, during an economic crisis such as the one caused by the current 

COVID-19 pandemic that we are facing, a more cost-effective company will have a better 

chance of sustaining its businesses and operations. 

In summary, how do we balance the needs of all stakeholders and the environment, and deliver 

more, with less and even lesser? 

 

 

Strategic partnership 

 

Strategic partnerships are increasingly becoming a critical part of businesses’ corporate growth 

strategies.  The company has been increasing its efforts and resources to manage strategic 

partnerships.  

In a global economy when information is easily available, strategic partnerships help businesses 

combine their knowledge and resources, share costs, diversify their businesses and create 

opportunities to enhance sales growth and improve businesses. 

Apart from the above, we have also successfully centralised our procurement function with 

reliable and effective suppliers. Having effective suppliers and business partners, we can 

achieve better bargaining power in terms of the purchase cost and the quality of the materials. 

At the same time, this enables us to save on investing in storage and personnel.  


4 

 

In addition, we have also established multi-partnership programs with some delivery companies 

and shared platforms to ensure the continuity of our business during the Covid-19 lockdown and 

the current heightened restrictions. 

 

 

 

 

 

Environmental factors 

 

Reduce, reuse and recycle 

 

The group continues to do our part for the environment and utilize “waste hierarchy” to manage 

the process.   

 

The waste hierarchy is the order of priority of actions to be taken to reduce the amount of 

wastes generated and to improve overall waste management processes and programs. The 

waste hierarchy consists of 3 R’s as follows: 

•    Reduce 

•    Reuse 

•    Recycle 

This waste hierarchy is necessary for creating a sustainable environment for all to live in.  

 

The 3R’s actions during production processes reduce the need for raw materials, human cost, 

and pollution.  They also help to save the energy required for operations and the disposal of 

wastes.  The result has reduced the costs of business.  Most importantly, they help to sustain 

the environment for future generations.  

 

 

 

 

 

 


5 

 

Reduction in carbon emissions  

 

Consistent with the world-wide governments’ push to go green, we have since started to use 

more energy-efficient cookware and appliances in our central kitchen and offices.  As an 

example, we are changing the lighting system in all our outlets to LED lights which consume 

significantly less electricity to light up.  The result is a reduction in our carbon emissions. 

 

Streamline payroll process 

 

We have since implemented ways to reduce manual effort to process payroll.  Instead of doing 

the traditional way of keying in data entry into the payroll system, we are now able to use the 

“import” feature to update the payroll data, and lead to a reduction of manpower and also 

electricity requires to run the whole payroll process.  Furthermore, the company has since 

installed a cloud-based Human resource management system which led to a more paperless 

process. 

 

 

 Installing POS systems 

 

We have installed POS systems that allow the staff to take orders digitally rather than writing 

them down on paper to help reduce the use of paper. POS systems allow restaurateurs to 

efficiently keep track of inventory, which means it’s easy to know exactly what items need to be 

reordered and how much of each item. This prevents over-ordering, which can lead to food 

waste.  Furthermore, the POS system comes with comprehensive reports which enable 

management to use it for analysis and lead to a reduction of man-hours required to generate the 

report and further reduce the consumption of papers. 

 

Waste oil treatment 

 

For our food and beverage business, waste oil treatment has always been a key and crucial 

issue for us.  As a responsible company, our waste oil is collected and recycled into other 

products, thus reducing damage to the environment. 

 

 

 

 


6 

 

Social factor 

Sustainability Affects Morale 

“Going green” with modernization technologies is part of our sustainability approach.  

Companies that focus on sustainability are often viewed more favorably by the public, which has 

a positive effect on employees’ morale.  This, in turn, will pass on to customers when 

employees interact with them thus leading to better customer services and enhancing the 

organization.   Furthermore, not only sustainability helps to retain employees, but it may also 

help to attract better talents.   

In general, many of the best and brightest across every industry are interested in working for 

companies that put ethics over profit and work to create a better world. This may enrich the 

talent pool, helping to raise recruiting standards and build better teams.  People generally feel 

good when they can help the environment and make money for the employer.  These can go 

hand in hand with the help of technology. 

 

Human Resource Department poised to Integrate Sustainability 

HR plays a critical role in the adoption of more sustainable practices. From the point of 

recruitment, onboarding, and on-the-job training, we make sure that sustainability are integrated 

into new employees’ view of the company. 

HR can help to filter and select prospective employees who support sustainability. It will be 

easier for these new employees to embrace the company's sustainability vision and policies. 

HR can also encourage sustainable practices throughout employee lifecycles and daily tasks. 

HR can come out with educational and feed back program on how small acts by individual 

employees can lead to sustainability.   It also recognises good initiatives that come from 

employees. 

The introduction of the new cloud-based Human resource management system has led to a 

more “green” HR process. 

 

Compliance with industrial standards 

Food safety has always been an utmost priority for the food and beverage industry.  The group 

has embarked on the SS 590:2013 a HACCP-based Food management system. It is a robust 

food safety management standard adopted in Singapore which is closely aligned to the 

international ISO food safety management system standard (ISO 22000).    We have achieved 

ISO 22000 in 2019 as we expanded our global footprint. 

 

 


7 

 

 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

Stakeholders’ trust and support are essential to our success.  We have in place a reporting and 

briefing system to keep our stakeholders informed so that our stakeholders are well engaged with 

us.  

 

Stakeholders 

Keys Topics  

Engagement method 

Customers 

▪ 

Service and food quality  

▪ 

Improvements 

▪ 

Customer support; 

▪ 

Financial performance 

▪ Customer visits or meetings 

▪ Industry exhibitions 

▪ VIP/loyalty program 

▪ Online platform 

▪ Social media 

▪ Customer service hotline and email 

Employees 

▪ 

Communication and engagement 

▪ 

Career advancement 

▪ 

Staff welfare 

▪ 

Working environment condition 

▪ 

Training 

 

▪ Social events with employees, internal 

announcement and emails 

▪ Regular management meeting with 

staff 

▪ Regular review with department heads 

▪ Peer to peer review 

Shareholders 

▪ 

Return on investment 

▪ 

Operation in compliance with 

applicable law and regulations 

▪ Half yearly and annual financial results 

announcement; 

▪ Annual and Sustainability report 

Investors 

▪ 

Strategic plans 

▪ 

Operation in compliance with 

applicable law and regulations 

▪ Regular meeting with investors; 

▪ Sustainability report 

Suppliers 

▪ 

Supplier quality performance; 

▪ 

Supplier sustainability in 

business; 

▪ 

Operation in compliance with 

applicable law and regulations 

 

▪ Regular meeting with suppliers; 

▪ Key suppliers audit; 

 

▪ Sustainability report 

Government and 

regulators 

▪ 

Operation in compliance with 

applicable law and regulations 

▪ Regular compliance update and 

submission 

Communities 

▪ 

Environmental protection; 

▪ 

Community activities 

involvement; 

▪ 

Support to society organisations; 

▪ 

Operation in compliance with 

applicable law and regulations 

▪ Participation in community activities; 

 

▪ Communication through phones and 

emails; 

▪ Sustainability report 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


8 

 

 

 

 

OUR SUSTAINABILITY PROGRESS AND TARGETS 

 

Product, cost-cutting and process innovation 

 

We believe being sustainable and being productive can come hand in hand. We continue to 

incorporate technologies into our process and at the same time provide high-quality products 

and services that comply with international and local food safety standards.   

 

We will continue developing a new way of processing more products with enhanced qualities 

and at the same time reducing wastages at our central kitchen. Through this process, we aim to 

further reduce our carbon footprint during the production process. 

 

To improve data management 

 

Company information data is a valuable asset to a company. This includes but is not limited to 

customers’ data, suppliers’ data, and company financial data. The group has a data protection 

policy to properly secure and protect the integrity of company information data.  From 2018, the 

group did not report any major breakdown of the data management system. 

Furthermore, the company has introduced remote access to enable staff to work outside the 

office.   

 

Environmental protection  

 

The group continued its journey toward the environmental protection goal. We have stepped up 

our efforts in our centralized kitchen to reduce the waste of raw materials, manpower, and 

energy. Some of the work we carried out from 2018 and through 2019, such as replacing the 

kitchen equipment, educating staff, and the lighting system with more energy-efficient products, 

has led to the saving of utility usage. As compared to 2017, after we implemented the above, we 

now have the following savings: 

Item 

Saving in term of percentage 

Gas 

22.10% 

Water 

14.80% 

Electricity 

21.40% 


9 

 

Community investment  

 

As part of ongoing Corporate Social Responsibility initiatives, we continue to play our part to 

champion a growing diversity of programs and initiatives to give back to society.  

 

Over the years, we have participated in many social activities organised by various academic 

institutions. We recognise the importance of practical training. We aspire to be able to provide a 

platform to train employees for the industry we are in. Besides fulfilling our social responsibility, 

we also create employment opportunities.   

 

GOVERNANCE 

Corporate governance 

Our company has generally adhered to the framework as outlined in the Code of Corporate 

Governance 2018 for the financial year ended 31 December 2020.  The Board acknowledges 

that with a high standard of corporate governance, it ensures the sustainability of the business 

and also safeguards the interest of stakeholders. You may refer to the Corporate Governance 

Report in the Annual Report for details for our corporate governance practices. 

 

