
 




1 

 

Table of Contents 

1. About Penguin International Limited .............................................................................................................................................. 2 

2. About the Report ........................................................................................................................................................................... 3 

3. Highlights for FY2017 ..................................................................................................................................................................... 4 

4. Approach to Sustainability .............................................................................................................................................................. 6 

a. Sustainability Governance .......................................................................................................................................................... 6 

Board Statement ................................................................................................................................................................................ 6 

b. Stakeholder Engagement ............................................................................................................................................................ 7 

c. Materiality Assessment ............................................................................................................................................................... 9 

d. Sustainability Strategy .............................................................................................................................................................. 13 

5. Economic Resilience ..................................................................................................................................................................... 18 

6. Our People, Our Assets ................................................................................................................................................................. 19 

a. Staff Demographics .................................................................................................................................................................. 19 

b. Workplace Diversity and Fairness ............................................................................................................................................. 20 

7. Safety ........................................................................................................................................................................................... 24 

a. Safety on board our vessels for crew and passengers ................................................................................................................ 24 

b. Safety – Occupational health and safety in our shipyards .......................................................................................................... 29 

8. Environment ................................................................................................................................................................................ 32 

a. 

Energy Consumption Management and Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions ........................................................................... 32 

b. 

Vessel Emissions .................................................................................................................................................................. 35 

9. Corporate Governance ................................................................................................................................................................. 36 

GRI Content Index ............................................................................................................................................................................ 39 

 

 

 


2 

 

1. About Penguin International Limited 

Penguin International Limited (“Penguin”) is a Singapore home-grown, publicly listed designer-builder-owner-

operator of aluminium high-speed marine craft. The company was incorporated in 1976 and listed on SGX in 

1997. 

Since 1995, we have delivered more than 150 aluminium vessels to ship owners around the world, including 

some 120 of our proprietary-designed Flex offshore crewboats and armoured security boats (“Flex Fighters”). 

According to data compiled by IHS Sea-web, a database that captures all International Maritime Organisation 

(“IMO”)-registered vessels worldwide, Penguin is the world’s most prolific builder of mid-sized, multi-role 

crewboats/security boats for the offshore and maritime security industries. In some markets, the Flex brand has 

become the industry standard. 

Our shipyards in Singapore and Batam operate a self-funded build-for-stock programme that comprises 

crewboats and security boats. In addition, our shipyards undertake owner-specific build-to-order as well as 

repair and conversion projects involving a variety of high-speed craft, including luxury yachts, firefighting search-

and-rescue vessels, passenger ferries and patrol craft.  

In addition to shipbuilding, Penguin also operates a fleet of Flex crewboats (through its wholly-owned Pelican 

group) and passenger ferries that serve a myriad of clientele in Southeast Asia and beyond, including ExxonMobil, 

Shell and Singapore government agencies. 

Our vessels are well maintained and professionally manned by our in-house ship management team, backed by 

our two shipyards. We prize safety over profit and we abide by international standards on Health, Safety and 

the Environment. 

FIGURE 1: PENGUIN'S PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 

 














3 

 

2. About the Report  

We are pleased to present our inaugural sustainability report prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting 

Initiative (“GRI”) Standards – Core reporting requirements and the SGX-ST Mainboard Listing Rule 711(B). 

This report attempts to encapsulate Economic, Environmental, Social and Governance (“EESG”) material matters 

which impact our business performance and key stakeholders across two business segments: (i) Ferry and 

charter services and (ii) Shipbuilding and ship repair in Singapore, Indonesia (primarily Batam) and Malaysia 

(primarily offshore) from 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017 (“FY2017”), with 1 January 2016 to 31 December 

2016 (“FY2016”) being the year of comparison.  

Penguin has not sought external assurance on the disclosures made but will consider doing it as our reporting 

matures over time.  As we embark on our sustainability journey, we look forward to your continued support and 

appreciate any comments, feedback or queries. Please address them to Sustainability Report Committee, at 

sr@penguin.com.sg. For more information on Penguin, please visit our website at www.penguin.com.sg. 

 

 


4 

 

3. Highlights for FY2017 

 

 

 




5 

 

The Penguin Sustainability Statement 

 

 

 

 

 

“As a global citizen, we believe in conducting our business in a sustainable and socially 

responsible manner. We believe that sustainability helps us achieve our full potential to 

become the world’s leading provider of aluminium fast craft.” 

 

Our activities are aimed at creating value for all our stakeholders - Employees, Investors, 

Customers and the Communities in which we operate. 

 




6 

 

4. Approach to Sustainability 

Despite the harshest environmental conditions, Antarctic Penguins are among nature’s great survivors. They are 

able to stand strong against the odds because they work closely together to conserve heat, hunt for food and 

find shelter. Their success also stems from their unique ability to dive deeper and adapt to crushing water 

pressures to exploit food sources better than their competitors.  

Similarly, we at Penguin International Limited have encountered numerous challenges, from global financial 

crises to rapid changes in the market landscape. Despite the odds, we have stood strong and continued to 

pursue sustainable growth. We draw our strength from the collective efforts of our management and employees. 

We have been able to capture new opportunities while managing sustainability (environmental, social and 

economic) in the midst of intense global competition and tougher maritime regulation. This resilience largely 

stems from our conservative management style and unique capabilities as an integrated designer-builder-

owner-operator of high-speed aluminium vessels.  

a. Sustainability Governance 

Our Board of Directors (“The Board”) is responsible for the oversight of our sustainability strategy and 

management of critical sustainability matters. Directly under the Board is the Sustainability Committee, 

consisting of our Managing Director and our Finance and Administration Director. 

The Committee ensures the implementation of the sustainability strategy and evaluation of the progress against 

the commitments. The implementation of sustainability is then delegated to relevant departments and unit 

heads. With regular discussions and updates, the Sustainability Committee provides inputs and monitors 

progress to identify further areas for improvement. 

The Board reviews and comments on the overall enterprise risk management process, which takes into account 

sustainability topics. This process takes place yearly in our Board Meeting where sustainability topics and 

impacts, risks and opportunities are discussed, ensuring that sustainability is integrated into our day-to-day 

operations. For more information on overall Corporate Governance, please refer to Pages 25 to 35 of our FY2017 

Annual Report. 

FIGURE 2: PENGUIN'S SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE  

Board Statement 

This report is the demonstration of our commitment to create 

sustainable value for all of our stakeholders; our employees, 

investors, customers and the communities at large. 

The Board together with the Sustainability Committee have 

identified relevant and material Economic, Environmental, 

Social and Governance (EESG) matters and will ensure that the 

management and monitoring of these issues are integrated 

into everyday business operation. 

As we continue on our sustainability journey, we urge our 

stakeholders to share our Group’s commitment to 

transparency to work towards a common goal of improving 

the economic, environmental and social well-being of the 

communities we operate in. 




7 

 

b. Stakeholder Engagement 

 

Penguin regards engaging our stakeholders as a part of our core corporate responsibility. We are attuned to our stakeholders’ key concerns and we 

try our best to respond to their expectations while keeping the company’s best interests in mind. Interaction with stakeholders takes place across 

Penguin’s integrated business operations. For more information on our stakeholders and engagement platforms, please refer to Figure 3 below.   

 

FIGURE 3: PENGUIN'S APPROACH TO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

Stakeholder 

Groups 

Key Concerns/Interests 

Raised by Stakeholder 

Groups 

Penguin’s Response 

Methods of Engagement 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Employees, 

Workers and 

Crew Members 

• Fair and inclusive 

workplace  

• Safe working 

environment  

• Career progression and 

personal development 

• Practicing an open-door culture  

• Ensuring timely feedback and interaction with 

employees to ensure alignment of 

expectations between both parties 

• Establishing robust Health and Safety 

management system  

• Ensuring consistency in Human Resource 

Policies across the operating countries to be 

in compliance with the prevailing labour laws   

Appraisals  

Annually  

Memo update from 

Managing Director  

Quarterly  

Safety toolbox meetings  

Daily 

Training and workshops 

on skills upgrading 

As and when 

required 

Clients 

Provision of consistent 

and good quality products 

and services from Penguin 

• Building long-term relationships with clients 

to ensure continued growth of the business  

• Gathering feedback from clients to align 

expectations and to further improve on 

services 

Regular client visits in 

Singapore and overseas    

 

Monthly and 

quarterly 

Meetings and 

discussions  

 

As and when 

required 

 

Shareholders and 

Investors 

Consensus for Penguin’s 

vision and future growth 

• Transparent and timely disclosure of financial 

information and corporate news through 

company website and SGXnet.  

Annual General Meeting 

(AGM)  

Annually  

Annual Report  

Annually  


8 

 

Stakeholder 

Groups 

Key Concerns/Interests 

Raised by Stakeholder 

Groups 

Penguin’s Response 

Methods of Engagement 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

while achieving 

sustainable returns  

• Having a dedicated channel via our website 

for Investor Relations-related questions and 

feedback  

 

Financial news and 

announcements  

As and when 

required  

Suppliers and 

subcontractors  

Continued use of services, 

opportunities for more 

cooperation in various 

areas of production, 

facility development, 

manpower and 

technology 

• Clear communication on Penguin’s 

expectations of service quality and health and 

safety requirements for suppliers and 

subcontractors.  

• Monitoring procedure in place to ensure 

compliance by suppliers and subcontractors 

Performance evaluation  

Annually 

Safety meetings with 

subcontractors 

Monthly 

On-site engagement with 

employees  

Daily  

Ad-hoc meetings  

As and when 

required  

Regulators  

Compliance to relevant 

laws and regulatory 

requirements across all 

operating countries  

• Adopting sustainable practices and complying 

to workplace health and safety, environment 

and socio-economic standards  

Meetings and 

discussions with relevant 

authorities  

As and when 

required  

Local 

Communities 

 

Singapore:  

Provision of services 

contributing to public 

safety and security 

• Supporting vessels for national defence and 

emergencies 

• Contributing to various charity organisations 

and community outreach programmes 

Involvement in 

emergency evacuation 

exercises  

As and when 

required 

Sponsorships and 

donations 

Ongoing  

Batam: 

Provision of a safe, 

healthy and liveable 

community in vicinity of 

shipyards  

• Maintaining a healthy symbiotic relationship 

with local communities through provision of a 

safe, clean and healthy environment 

• Contributing indirect economic value through 

local job creation  and other economic 

opportunities for communities in vicinity of 

shipyard  

Volunteering activities  

Monetary and in-kind 

donations 

Periodic   


9 

 

c. Materiality Assessment 

 

To identify the core matters for Sustainability Report 2017, in September 2017 we conducted a materiality 

assessment facilitated by independent sustainability advisors. The assessment process involved four steps as 

depicted in Figure 4 below.  

 

FIGURE 4: FOUR-STEP MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT PROCESS 

 

Through the voting processes, six material sustainability matters were prioritised for FY2017 according to their 

importance and relevance to our business by representatives from all business units and departments. After the 

discussions, the key management team decided to select three additional matters for reporting, taking into 

consideration the sustainability context for our industry, while ensuring adequate disclosure of information on 

how Penguin creates sustainable value for its stakeholders. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




10 

 

FIGURE 5: PENGUIN’S MATERIALITY MATRIX 

 

FIGURE 6: MAPPING OF PENGUIN'S MATERIAL AND ADDITIONAL MATTERS FOR REPORTING TO GRI TOPICS 

Six Material Matters Prioritised for Reporting 

 

Material 

Matters 

Category 

Description 

GRI Topics 

Page 

1 

Economic 

Resilience  

Economic 

Practicing prudent financial management 

and diversifying into non-oil markets in 

order to explore new opportunities 

GRI 201 Economic 

Performance 

18 

2 

Energy 

Consumption 

Management 

Environment 

Operational use and management of 

energy (non-renewable sources or 

renewable sources) and Penguin's efforts 

in managing the emission of greenhouse 

gases from direct sources (Scope 1: Fossil 

fuels used) and indirect sources (Scope 2: 

Electricity bought). 

GRI 302 Energy 

32 

3 

Vessel 

Emission 

Environment 

Company’s effort to prevent 

deterioration of air quality resulting from 

pollutants released during:  

− Shipyard operations 

− Chartering and ferry services 

GRI 305 Emissions 

35 

4 

Safety  

Social 

Safety on Board 

Provide for and promote the health and 

safety of passengers and crew 

GRI 403 

Occupational 

Health and Safety 

24 

Occupational Health and Safety at 

Shipyards 

29 




11 

 

Ensuring a safe and healthy working 

environment for workers both on land 

and at sea, as measured by recordable 

incidents/fatalities/lost-

days/absenteeism /etc. 

5 

Regulatory 

Compliance  

Governance 

Compliance to all maritime laws and 

other business-related regulations 

• GRI 307 

Environmental 

Compliance  

• GRI 416 

Customer 

Health and 

Safety  

• GRI 419 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

36 

6 

Business 

Ethics 

Governance 

Practising, communicating and training 

Penguin's employees on ethical business 

policies such as anti-corruption, anti-

competitive behaviour, anti-fraud, anti-

trust and ethical practices 

GRI 205 Anti-

corruption  

37 

 

Additional Matters Prioritised for Reporting 

 

Additional 

Matters 

Category 

Description 

Rationale for 

reporting 

GRI Topics 

Page 

7 

Product 

Quality &amp; 

Stewardship 

Social 

Ensure compliance to 

highest quality 

standards and 

continuous effort to 

control product carbon 

footprint through 

innovative and 

responsible product 

usage and its disposal 

Product quality and 

stewardship are key 

drivers for our 

sustainability 

initiatives.  

Non-GRI Topic 

Specific 

Disclosure 

15,26 

&amp; 32 

8 

Workplace 

Diversity, 

Fairness and 

Retention 

Social 

Provide equal 

employment 

opportunities, upholding 

fair remuneration 

practices, treatment and 

retention of all 

employees and 

contractors regardless 

of ethnicity, age or 

gender. 

To show 

commitment to 

Penguin’s motto of 

“Our People, Our 

Assets” 

 

• GRI 401 

Employment 

• GRI 404 

Training and 

Education 

• GRI 405-2 

Diversity and 

Equal 

Opportunity 

20 

9 

Greenhouse 

Gas (GHG) 

Emissions 

Environ-

ment 

Please see “Energy 

Consumption 

Management” 

GHG emissions is a 

subject of 

international 

GRI 305 

Emissions 

32 


12 

 

commitment under 

the Paris climate 

agreement. 

Singapore in 

particular is 

committed to reduce 

emissions intensity 

by 36% from 2005 

levels by 2030. It is 

therefore critical for 

Penguin to 

demonstrate our 

contribution to the 

nation’s collective 

effort in managing 

the GHG intensity.  


13 

 

d. Sustainability Strategy  

 

Our strategy comprises of three fundamental elements:  

• Economic Resilience: Penguin endeavours to survive and thrive in an industry beset with crises through 

prudent financial management and sensible diversification strategy. While maintaining our core 

capabilities, diversification into new product and geographical markets has opened up new 

opportunities, enabling Penguin to stay ahead of its competitors. 

• “Our People, Our Assets”: We respect and care for our people and we seek to unleash their full 

potential by:  

o Encouraging an open communication system;  

o Safeguarding health and safety of all our employees, workers and subcontractors;  

o Adopting fair employment practices to attract and retain the best talents;  

o Ensuring equal opportunities and recognition for workers and office staff. 

• Integrated Sustainability: Penguin believes that sustainable practices should be an intrinsic part of our 

everyday business operations.  

 

We adopt an integrated sustainability strategy where key sustainability initiatives are an inherent part of daily operations and integrated across the 

organisation’s value chain and supply chain. Figure 8 below shows how our material matters identified from the materiality assessment process are 

managed in an integrated way in Penguin. While the sustainability practices mapped have been established and communicated to our employees, 

performance measurement systems for some initiatives are still underway and are expected to be in place as Penguin internalises sustainability 

principles at a deeper level during its long-term sustainability reporting journey. 

FIGURE 8: MATERIAL MATTERS MAPPED ACROSS PENGUIN'S VALUE CHAIN 

 

 

 

Regulatory 

Compliance 

We comply with all maritime laws and other business-related regulations such as: The Maritime and Port Authority of 

Singapore (MPA) regulations, International Maritime Organisation (IMO), Marine Pollution (MARPOL), International 

Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea (SOLAS), Maritime Labour Convention (MLC), Accounting and Corporate Regulatory 

Authority (ACRA) regulations, Ministry of Manpower (MOM) regulations and National Environmental Agency (NEA) 

regulations, respective flag state requirements, etc.  

Business Ethics 

• We strictly comply with the Singapore Code of Corporate Governance 2012. In addition, we have implemented best 

practices in anti-corruption measures as follows: 



  FIGURE 7: PENGUIN'S SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY 




14 

 

 

 

 

o Whistle blowing policy: the hotline is published on Penguin’s website. All complaints are channelled directly to the 

Chairman of the Audit Committee for further investigation.  

o Anti–corruption policies: The following Human Resource policies are in place to mitigate the risk of corruption.  

▪ Private business interests’ policy: all employees are required to disclose to human resource department on their 

private business interests, including changes from time to time.  

▪ Insider trading 

▪ Code of ethics 

▪ Conflict of interest 

Economic  

Resilience 

• Prudent financial management 

• Sensible diversification strategy into markets, e.g. Fire Fighting Search-and-Rescue Vessels 

• Maintain and grow core capabilities 

Safety  

• Ensuring build quality and compliance to 

class requirements 

 

• Daily safety toolbox meetings with 

workers and monthly safety 

meetings with subcontractors 

• Safety Award system 

• Penguin ensures staff are well 

equipped with skillsets and 

necessary certification, e.g.: 

o All shipyard employees to 

undergo mandatory training 

course (SSIC) before 

commencing shipyard repairs 

and works 

o Receive situational training 

when a special skillset is 

needed (welding, fire 

watchmen training, etc.) 

o Induction training 

• Follow Workplace Safety and 

Health (WSH) guidelines on 

management of hazardous 

chemicals program  

• Vessels safety meeting 

• Comply with best practices 

and certification on safety at 

sea including:  

o The International 

Convention for the Safety 

of Life at Sea (SOLAS) 

o  International Convention 

on Standards of Training, 

Certification and Watch 

keeping for Seafarers 

(STCW) 

o International Safety 

Management Code  

o Passenger Ship Safety 

Certificate  

• Proper Personal Protective 

Equipment (PPE) prior to work 

(both workers and 

subcontractors) 

 




15 

 

 

 

 

• Annual audiometric test 

conducted for individual shipyard 

employees and workers and 

noise monitoring conducted once 

every three years   

• Proper PPE prior to work (both 

workers and subcontractors) 

Workplace 

Diversity, 

Fairness and 

Retention  

Penguin is a signatory to Singapore’s Tripartite Alliance for Fair &amp; Progressive Employment Practices (TAFEP)’s Employers’ 

Pledge of Fair Employment Practices. The five key principles as outlined below. 

• Recruit and select on the basis of merit regardless of age, race, gender, religion, marital status and family 

responsibilities, or disability.   

• Treat employees fairly and with respect and put in place progressive human resource management systems. The 

grievance procedure as set out in dispute resolution policy allows employees to voice out in situations where they 

feel they are being unfairly treated. 

• Provide employees with equal opportunities to be considered for training and development based on their strengths 

and needs, to help them achieve their full potential.   

• Reward employees fairly based on their ability, performance, contribution and experience.  

• Comply with the labour laws. We comply with both Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia labour laws. Where there are 

variances between local regulations and company’s Human Resource policies, we comply with the more stringent 

requirements.  

Product Quality 

&amp; Stewardship  

Over the years, Penguin has conducted various pilot projects to enhance efficient 

resources usage. For example, Penguin pioneered in using Baudouin Engines – fishing 

boat engines for crew-boats. The innovation has resulted in significant improvements 

in fuel-efficiency and the product has become very popular with our clients in Thailand.  

The company is also exploring other alternative fuel sources such as Liquefied Natural 

Gas (LNG) for our crewboats. 

 

Besides innovative projects, 

Penguin also focuses on practical 

energy management practices 

such as tracking and recording of 

fuel consumption on daily basis, 

and conducting regular meetings 

with clients to review fuel 

consumption and investigate 

irregularities, if any 

 

 

 




16 

 

 

 

 

Energy 

Consumption 

Management 

&amp; 

Greenhouse 

Gas (GHG) 

Emissions 

• Using fuel efficient engines during 

crewboat design  

• Using lighter equipment to reduce the 

weight of the ship  

• Improving vessels’ hullforms to reduce 

hull resistance thus reducing fuel 

consumption 

• Installing auto on-off function to 

save electricity for common 

facility such as security light 

• Replacing LED lights at new 

facilities 

 

• Implementing fuel 

consumption tracking and 

management system:  

o 

All Pelican crewboats 

already have flow meters 

installed. In late 2017, 

Penguin firmed up plans to 

install Electronic Fuel 

Management Systems 

(EFMS) on board its own 

and third-party newbuild 

crewboats and security 

boats, which will enable 

remote access to real-time 

fuel consumption data. 

o 

Daily reports on 

consumption (to 

complement EFMS reports 

in FY2018) 

o 

Work closely with external 

design partners to review 

hullforms and seek out 

improvements. 

Vessel Emissions 

• Using engines that are in compliance 

with IMO tier 2 NOx emission standards 

• Using the green passport1 and 

“Supplier’s Declaration of Conformity2” 

to keep track of materials (e.g. 

• Monitoring and reducing GHG 

emissions and highly toxic air 

pollutants (e.g. sulphur dioxide, 

lead and carbon monoxide) from 

welding and lifting operations, 

• Low sulphur content diesel 

usage in overseas crewboat 

operations; ultra-low sulphur 

content diesel used in 

domestic ferry operations 

 

1 The Green Passport is a document accompanying the ship throughout its working life and which contains an inventory of all materials potentially hazardous to human health or the environment, 

used in the construction of the vessel. The passport is useful during both major repairs as well as during final breaking of the vessel at the end of its life when those in charge will know which 

materials are to be handled with caution and for disposal. 

2 Shipyards will also obtain from upstream suppliers in the shipbuilding supply chain a ‘Supplier’s Declaration of Conformity’, with the present Rules and associated Material Declarations for each 

structural element, equipment, machinery and coatings fitted on board. 




17 

 

 

 

 

structural elements, equipment, 

machinery and coatings fitted on board) 

that are potentially hazardous to the 

environment and human health 

 

e.g. use of MIG welding that 

result in lower fumes and 

emissions 

• Moving high emission activities 

indoor, employing proper fume 

collection and capture system 

• Penguin is exploring the use 

of alternative energy sources 

for its newbuild projects. 

 




18 

 

5. Economic Resilience 

Our unique capabilities as an integrated designer-builder-owner-operator of high-speed aluminium vessels is a 

key competitive advantage that allows us to capture new opportunities amidst uncertainties in the shipping 

industry. In particular, we have taken a pragmatic and economically sensible approach towards designing and 

building ships, with the aim of constantly seeking to improve their operational efficiency and profitability. 

Furthermore, we have pursued growth in new, non-traditional markets such as Fire Fighting Search-and-Rescue 

Vessels and patrol boats, while actively seeking out more build-to-order projects across different industries. 

Our strong balance sheet, which is the result of our prudent financial management, also enables us to quickly 

and easily capitalise on new project and investment opportunities. 

That is why Penguin has remained economically sustainable even during the recent downturn in the oil and gas 

industry, which impacted the company’s profitability in FY2016 but did not affect its ability to survive and thrive 

in the crisis. In FY2017, the company’s fortunes turned around and generated a group revenue of $85.4 million, 

which was a 155% increase from FY2016 ($33.4 million). 

Apart from ensuring our own economic sustainability, we also believe in building a viable and strong “eco-

system” in our community among Singapore-based suppliers and subcontractors, as well as local residents in 

our various bases of operations. Our business activities have spurred local job creation and produced a multiplier 

effect on the extended community beyond the confines of our workplace. 

Penguin also strives to maintain healthy relationships with communities in our operating countries. In Batam, 

for example, we are regular supporters of the local community and we have sponsored various development 

activities in a nearby fishing village (e.g., bridge and orphanage construction). Over in Singapore, since 2014, we 

have been contributing regularly to non-profit organisations such as Young Men's Christian Association (YMCA), 

Life Community Services Society and other community outreach programmes. 

 

Financial year 

FY2016 

S$’000 

FY2017 

S$’000 

Percentage 

increase (%) 

Economic Value Generated by Penguin 

(Revenue)  

33,405 

85,351 

155 

Economic Value 

Distributed to 

Others  

Operating Costs 

13,223 

59,659 

351 

Employee Wages and 

Benefits 

12,478 

14,101 

13 

Capital Providers 

2,075 

230 

-893 

Government 

156 

973 

525 

Communities 

1.03 

6.16 

497 

Economic Value Retained by Penguin 

5,473 

10,381 

100 

 

3 Dividends to shareholders were paid out in FY2016. 


19 

 

6. Our People, Our Assets 

At the core of our sustainability strategy, our people are our greatest assets. With more than 400 employees 

(including crew) located across Singapore, Indonesia and Malaysia, Penguin aims to create a culturally diverse, 

fair and inclusive workplace.  

a. Staff Demographics 

Amidst the industry downturn, our workforce remained relatively stable throughout the period. We experienced 

a brief headcount reduction in April 2016 due to a decline in shipbuilding activities. Our business has since 

recovered and our headcount has grown, from 358 in FY2016 to 425 in FY2017. The majority of our workforce 

comprises employees in offices, shipyards and on-board crew members, who are employed on a full-time and 

permanent basis. Part-time/temporary staff comprise only 7% of our total workforce. The breakdown is shown 

in Figure 9 below. 

 

FIGURE 9: EMPLOYMENT BREAKDOWN BY GENDER, EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT, TYPE AND REGION 

 

 

By Employment Contract 

 

FY2016 

FY2017 

Region 

Permanent  

Temporary  

Permanent  

Temporary  

Singapore 

263 

0 

306 

0 

Indonesia 

4 

204 

6 

31 

Malaysia  

71 

0 

82 

0 

 

 

4 Majority of our Indonesian employees are working full time on a two year contract which are renewed subject to satisfactory performance 

evaluation. They are entitled to the same welfare and benefits as for full time staff. For SR purpose, they are classified as “Temporary”. This 

arrangement ensures the fair treatment of our people while at the same time allowing the company to have flexibility in resource planning, to 

meet the fluctuating market demand. 




20 

 

By Employment Type 

 

FY2016 

FY2017 

Region 

Full time 

Part time 

Full time 

Part time 

Singapore 

263 

0 

306 

0 

Indonesia 

24 

0 

37 

0 

Malaysia  

71 

0 

82 

0 

 

Penguin has made efforts to promote a more gender-balanced workforce. While the marine and offshore 

industry is traditionally male-dominated, Penguin is proud to have a female Executive Director on our Board of 

Directors, and female employees in traditionally male-dominant roles such as ship design and ship repair. In 

FY2017, we also recruited four female Design Engineers for our Design and Engineering team. 

 

b. Workplace Diversity and Fairness 

 Policies and Practices 

Being a signatory to TAFEP since 2014, we strictly follow 

to the five principles of fair employment where hiring 

practices are fair, merit-based and non-discriminatory. 

Fair employment practices also allows us to attract 

people of the right calibre and retain the best talents. 

We also practice an open door policy where employees 

have access to and are encouraged to raise workplace 

concerns to senior management regarding their jobs 

and 

responsibilities. 

Communication 

from 

top 

management regarding company strategies and 

directions are done regularly as well. Figure 10 

summarises the comprehensive policies in place which 

ensures a fair and diverse working environment at 

Penguin. We commit to uphold the highest standards 

as prescribed and strive towards the target of zero 

incidents of discrimination.  

 

FIGURE 10: PENGUIN’S HUMAN RESOURCE (HR) POLICIES AND PROCEDURES  

Policy 

Objective 

Description 

Fair 

Employment 

Practices 

Outlines various supporting policies and 

procedures on fair employment practices 

and non-discrimination, to ensure 

fairness and diversity at Penguin  

Fair employment practices which ensures 

non-discrimination in the workplace and 

sets guidelines on recruitment, appraisals, 

training and development, increment, 

promotions and terminations 

Policy Statement 

Penguin is committed to Fair Employment Practices 

and does not discriminate against any person based 

on his or her:  

• 

Race 

• 

Religion 

• 

Gender 

• 

Age 

• 

Marital status 

• 

Family responsibilities 

• 

Nationality 

• 

Ancestry 

• 

Disability 

• 

Medical condition 

 

We value and respect each and every employee and 

are committed to training, developing, rewarding and 

promoting employees based on their merits as 

individuals and as team players. 

 


21 

 

Dispute 

Resolutions 

Upholds fair and honest treatment of 

each employee in all aspects of 

employment 

A reporting channel which addresses 

grievances raised concerning 

dissatisfactions in employment or 

treatment by management or other 

employees. This policy sets out the 

recommended procedures and 

responsibilities to resolve the problems, 

concerns and disagreements 

Harassment  

Ensures a work environment free from all 

forms of discrimination including 

harassment from supervisors, co-workers, 

vendors or customer of Penguin  

Sets out the expected conduct and 

responsibilities of employee and manager 

and lists our procedures when an employee 

makes a harassment claim and follow-up 

actions by management 

Performance 

Management  

Through the use of performance 

evaluation as a tool to evaluate 

effectiveness and adequacy of job 

performance  

Ensures periodic evaluation of each 

employee by respective supervisor to 

monitor individual development and 

performance on the job. 

 

 

FIGURE 11: FY2017 WORKFORCE DIVERSITY BY NATIONALITY AND AGE GROUP 

 

 

In addition to compliance with relevant laws and regulations, we have a procedure in place to ensure that the 

Group’s labour policy and practices are applied consistently across all operating countries. Our staff enjoy a 

range of welfare and employment benefits, depending on their level of employment.  

 

 

 




22 

 

Employment Benefits 

All full-time employees enjoy a range of employment benefits from health care insurance5, disability coverage, 

parental leave and retirement provision.  

Training and Development 

We actively promote training and development for all of our staff. Onshore staff undergo training whenever 

there is a change in policies; for example, training on Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA) in July 2017. Seafarers 

are required to obtain relevant certificate of proficiency such as emergency, Standards of Training, Certification 

and Watchkeeping (STCW) for Seafarers and first aid and are routinely encouraged to increase their skillsets and 

get higher certifications to move from Able Bodied Seamen (AB)6 to higher ranks. Similarly, shipyard workers 

undergo both mandatory induction and situational training as they develop their careers in Penguin.  

Performance Appraisals 

Penguin makes no distinction between foreign workers and office staff in awarding recognition and allocating 

annual bonuses. This is particularly unique among shipyards in Singapore. In compliance with the Performance 

Management policy under our HR Manual, annual appraisals have been conducted for 100% our employees in 

FY2016 and FY2017. Performance appraisal methods differ based on employment category and skillsets. For 

onshore staff, the process begins with assessment by supervisors and endorsed by the General Manager. For 

crew members working on board, they are assessed by their Master and endorsed by the Crewing 

Officer/Manager. The offshore crew members who work on engagement basis are assessed over the contractual 

period.  

 

Performance  

In FY2017, we had a total of 109 new hires and 42 cessations. At Penguin, we believe in employing the best-

qualified and most suitable candidate for any given job. We make a conscious effort to promote age and gender 

diversity. We have partnered with Employment and Employability Institute (e2i) to hire more Singaporeans and 

Permanent Residents (PR) to strengthen our Singaporean core. Through this partnership, we have also actively 

reached out to Singaporean Professionals, Managers, Executives and Technicians (PMETs) who have been 

retrenched or are looking for new job opportunities. We also welcome elderly employees to apply for suitable 

positions. 

For employee turnover, we seek to analyse root causes for voluntary cessations. Most common reason cited by 

foreign workers is a desire to return home to their families. For local employees, reasons include a career change 

or a higher salary from another company. Involuntary cessations are initiated by the company in the form of 

disciplinary dismissal or contractual termination. Figure 12 showcases the breakdown of new hires and turnover 

in FY2017.  

 

 

 

5 As stipulated by respective regulatory bodies in operating countries; including, Ministry of Manpower (MOM) in Singapore, Badan Penyelenggara 

Jaminan Sosial in Indonesia and Social Security Organisation (SOSCO) in Malaysia  

6 Able Seamen (AB) are certified after undergoing training in approved sea-going training ships who have served eighteen months in ships 


23 

 

FIGURE 12: FY2017 NEW HIRE AND TURNOVER BY GENDER, AGE GROUP AND REGION 

 

 

 

Note: Turnover is calculated as a percentage of staff on payroll as of 31 December 2017  

Case Study: Old is Gold at Penguin  

At Penguin, we are constantly on the lookout for the right people who are best suited to our business needs. 

As such we welcome and appreciate elderly employees, as we believe that their experience would be a 

valuable asset to our growing workforce. Several employees were hired when they were over 60 years old. In 

FY2017, we recruited a 64-year-old employee for a managerial position. In addition, one of our Shipyard 

Deputy Managers, who joined us in 2013, turns 67 this year and remains a bastion of our production team. 

 

In addition, we have several long-service staff who have been with us since our early days and have 

contributed to the growth of Penguin over the years.  As at 31 December 2017, we have 17 employees who 

have worked with us for more than 15 years. Our longest service employee began his career in 1980 and 2017 

marks his 37th year of service. This also makes him our oldest employee at the age of 71!  

97

12

0

20

40

60

80

100

120

Male

Female

Gender

Number of Employees

2.8%

23%

36

68

5

0

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

80

&lt;30

30-50

&gt;50

Age Group (Years old)

Number of Employees

1.2%

16%

8.4%

74

19

16

0

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

80

Singapore Indonesia Malaysia

Region

Number of Employees

17%

3.7%

4.4%

35

7

0

5

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

Male

Female

Gender

Number of Employees

8.2%

1.6%

13

16

13

0

2

4

6

8

10

12

14

16

18

&lt;30

30-50

&gt;50

Age Group (Years old)

Number of Employees

3.1%

3.8%

3.1%

31

6

5

0

5

10

15

20

25

30

35

Singapore Indonesia Malaysia

Region

Number of Employees

7.3%

1.4%

1.2%

New Hires  

 

Turnover 

 


24 

 

7. Safety  

a. Safety on board our vessels for crew and passengers  

Policies and practices  

The Deputy General Manager, supported by Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) Manager oversees and 

enforces safe practices in vessel operations to protect the life and health of our passengers, crew, general public 

and the environment. On board our vessels, the Masters are responsible for ensuring compliance with 

Environment, Health and Safety (ESH) management system as showcased in Figure 13. We also follow Oil and 

Gas Producer (OGP) standards7 and work towards the goal of zero incidents, no harm to people, property and 

the environment. 

FIGURE 13: OVERVIEW OF POLICIES FOR SAFETY ON BOARD FOR CREW AND PASSENGERS 

Policy 

Objective 

Description 

Safety and 

Environment 

Policy 

Statement  

 

Provide safe and accident-free 

work environment for our 

employees through compliance 

with relevant codes and 

exercised through safe 

practices in vessel operations  

A comprehensive set of policies which guides Penguin 

and all stakeholders on managing various aspects of 

vessel operations (safety, risk assessment, navigation, 

environmental impact assessment and internal audits) 

and their impacts to employees, vessel, the public and 

environment 

Stop Work 

Authority 

Policy 

Protects health and safety of  

employees, co-workers and 

third party personnel and 

surrounding environment 

The policy empowers everyone with the authority to 

stop any unsafe work or operation they encounter in 

the workplace. 

Navigation 

Policy  

Sets out the responsibility of 

the Master which ensures safe 

navigation of vessel and 

protection of vessel, crew, 

cargo and surrounding 

environment from harm 

A set of compliance guidelines to relevant regulations 

such as Collision Regulations, applicable Government 

routing requirements and international rules which 

places safe navigation above all other considerations 

Drug and 

Alcohol Policy 

Statement  

Provide a safe, healthy and 

productive working 

environment for all employees, 

suppliers and visitors 

Describes Pelican’s support towards prohibition of drug 

and alcohol and substance abuse  

 

FIGURE 14: WORKPLACE SAFETY AND HEALTH INITIATIVES – ON BOARD 

Workplace Safety and Health Initiatives 

Identifying risks  

• Regular maintenance of risk register as stipulated under on-board safety 

management system and ensure that all control measures are implemented 

prior to any work activity on board vessels 

Promoting and 

communicating a no-

• In-house training for crew members  

• Ad-hoc safety training on ferries  

 

7 Oil and Gas Producers (OGP): https://www.iogp.org/oil-and-gas-safety/ 


25 

 

blame safety culture 

to all stakeholders  

• Inaugural Safety campaign for all crew in ferries and crewboats  

Collaborating with 

external 

stakeholders  

• Took part in MPA’s annual emergency preparedness exercise (FEREX 2016) 

which aimed to test readiness to respond to ferry mishaps in Singapore’s 

waters.  

• Annual ship to shore exercises conducted in accordance with International 

Safety Management (ISM) to identify possible unsafe acts and conditions  

Ensuring 

effectiveness of 

systems, policies and 

actions  

• Regular internal and external audit by third-party certification bodies 

ensuring compliance to elements stated in International Safety Management 

(ISM) Code, International Ship and Port Facility Security (ISPS) Code and 

Maritime Labour Convention (MLC) Code  

• Findings from audit compiled and analysed to deter weakness in the system  

• Grievance reporting channels  

Engaging with 

stakeholders  

• Engaging with stakeholders through survey forms, gather feedback face-to-

face or through email  

 

To ensure that any non-compliance and control lapses get to be identified as soon as possible, Penguin has 

various reporting channels for different stakeholders as summarised in Figure 15. 

FIGURE 15: GRIEVANCE MECHANISM REPORTING PROCESS 

Stakeholders 

Reporting Channel 

Person-in-charge 

Process to address and resolve 

Crew 

• Master’s Health, 

Safety, Security and 

Environment (HSSE) 

Review 

• Shipboard Meeting 

• Board Complaint Form 

• Non-conformity form 

Based on the nature of 

the grievance raised, it 

will be directed to the 

relevant person-in-

charge (PIC) 

• Verbal feedback is to be 

resolved informally.  

• For more serious cases, 

investigation may be 

conducted by the relevant 

PIC 

• All feedback is consolidated 

and presented during yearly 

management review 

meeting, checking for any 

repeat cases 

Operation staff 

Email 

Telephone 

Face-to-face 

Passenger 

 

In FY2017, there were several cases raised through the grievance channels which were concerns regarding on-

board working environment, salary, welfare and benefits. Penguin has been actively following up with the 

feedback raised and taking the best efforts to improve working environment on-board and welfare and benefits 

for our crew members. In the subsequent HSSE Review, Penguin will look to see if there have been positive 

changes and strive to provide the best for our crew members and passengers.  

Performance 

Safety statistics for fleet operations are collated for management review every month and reported to the Board, 

quarterly. We uphold a no-blame safety culture and we target zero fatalities, zero lost work day cases, zero 

restricted work day cases and zero medical treatment cases. While we are working hard towards achieving these 

targets, unfortunately, human nature is unpredictable and occasionally, incidents still occur. The key is to 


26 

 

respond swiftly, establish root causes, learn from the incidents and seek to prevent a recurrence. In FY2016 and 

FY2017, there were two reportable incidents in each year. 

In FY2016, both incidents were due to slips and falls - one due to slippery flooring and the other due to a trip 

hazard posed by a mooring rope. In a prompt response to these incidents, we have changed the floor covering 

of the affected vessel during docking in the first incident and issued timely reminders to our crew to use proper 

access methods to enter vessels in the second incident. 

In FY2017, one shipyard employee sustained injuries from knocking against a pipe bracket while working in the 

engine room, while a crew member was scalded by hot water during offshore cargo transfer. For the first 

incident, we took prompt corrective actions to change the position of the pipe bracket and wrap up sharp 

corners on board all vessels under construction, while for the second incident, which occurred offshore, our 

ship management team issued a fleet-wide memo to all crew members to ensure that containers, especially 

liquid containers, are clearly labelled and appropriate warning signs attached before any ship-to-ship transfer is 

carried out.  

While the number of accidents remains unchanged, our Incident Frequency Rate (IFR) has improved from 3.4 in 

FY2016 to 2.9 in FY2017, as our fleet size increased, which led to an increase in total man-hours worked from 

589,044 hours in FY2016 to 668,736 hours in FY2017. 

 

FIGURE 16: FY2016 AND FY2017 SAFETY STATISTICS - VESSEL OPERATIONS 

FY2016 

FY2017 

Reportable 

Incidents8 

Reportable 

Incident 

Frequency Rate 

(IFR)9 

Reportable 

Incident 

Severity Rate 

(ISR)10 

Reportable 

Incidents 

Reportable 

Incident 

Frequency 

Rate (IFR) 

Reportable 

Incident Severity 

Rate (ISR) 

2 

3.4 

0 

2 

2.99 

0 

 

Case Study: Providing the best for our crew and passengers 

 

In accordance with the Maritime Labour Convention (MLC) 2006 regulation, all new vessels above 500 gross 

tons (volumetric space) must meet minimum stipulated living spaces for crew accommodation and offer 

natural lighting and other basic crew amenities. Though this requirement is not applicable to Penguin’s 

crewboats - which are all below 500 gross tons - Penguin took the initiative to design and build an MLC 2006-

certified crewboat based on its new-and-improved Flex-42X hullform. The new vessel, “Pelican Calm”, is the 

world’s first mid-sized crewboat that is MLC 2006-certified. She is currently on a long-term charter to 

ExxonMobil in Malaysia. 

 

8 Reportable incidents include fatalities, lost work day cases, restricted work day cases and medical treatment cases, not including first aid cases 

9 Reportable Incident Frequency Rate (IFR) is calculated as the total number of reportable incidents per 1 million man-hours worked 

10 Reportable Incident Severity Rate (ISR) is calculated as the total number of medical leave days taken consolidated from the reportable incidents 

per 1 million work hours 


27 

 

 

Being a member of the Association of Regional Ferry Operators, Penguin also works closely with ferry 

operators and MPA to promote best practice in industry safety standards and foster closer collaboration 

between ferry operators, shipbuilders and the regulator, MPA.  

 

Above: Penguin is a regular participant in local emergency and military exercises. In one recent exercise, 

Penguin contributed ferries and a VIP boat to a major multi-agency drill involving MPA, the Singapore Civil 

Defence Force (SCDF), the Police Coast Guard, the Republic of Singapore Navy and other ferry operators. 

 

Above: Adhoc training on the use of stretcher and Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation (CPR) conducted in May 

2017 by office staff to all crew on board vessels docked at Penguin Shipyard in Tuas. 
















28 

 

Pelican Gallant to the rescue! 

Pelican Offshore Services is a wholly owned crewboat-owning subsidiary of Penguin International Limited. 

 

On 2 May 2018 at around 0610 hrs, one of Pelican’s crewboats, “Pelican Gallant”, was transporting workers 

to an offshore location in Malaysia when one of the Able Bodied Seamen (AB) on board spotted a flare and 

thick smoke billowing from a small vessel about two nautical miles away. 

 

The crew member immediately reported the incident to the Officer-On-Watch and the Master. Through the 

public address system, the Master announced to his crew and passengers that they were changing course to 

render assistance to a distressed vessel.  

  

At 0625 hrs, “Pelican Gallant” arrived on the scene of a wooden fishing boat engulfed in flames. Using the 

vessel’s main fire pump, the Master and crew formed a fire fighting team to rescue the fishermen on board. 

Fifteen minutes later, the fire was promptly extinguished and the fishermen were transferred to another 

fishing boat. “Pelican Gallant” then proceeded on to her intended destination. 

  

Penguin commended the Master and crew of “Pelican Gallant” for their initiative and display of bravery. 

Although the fishing boat could not be salvaged as the fire had burnt through most of it, all the fishermen 

escaped unscathed. 

 

 

 




29 

 

b. Safety – Occupational health and safety in our shipyards 

Policies and practices  

A dedicated Workplace Safety and Health (WSH) committee that is headed by a General Manager and supported 

by Safety Manager and Safety Coordinator, oversees the workplace health and safety at our shipyards. The 

Committee ensures that safety practices are cascaded down to various unit heads ranging from Yard, Project, 

Quality Assurance (QA) and Engineering departments. We consider safety and health matters as a business 

priority and strive to prevent all unacceptable risks in our operations, upholding our commitment towards zero 

reportable incidents. Figures 17 and 18 showcase the policies applicable to our shipyards as well as the relevant 

initiatives.  

 

FIGURE 17: OVERVIEW OF POLICIES FOR OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY AT SHIPYARDS 

Policy 

Objective 

Description 

Harmonised 

Safety Policy – 

Workforce 

Safety &amp; Health 

Policy 

 

Ensures vessel construction and 

repair activities are conducted in a 

safe and environmentally 

responsible manner through 

compliance with all applicable 

legislations, regulations, code of 

practices and standards. 

The policy includes a set of procedures for 

Workplace Safety and Health Management System 

(WSHMS) and WSH Policy and Responsibilities. It 

sets out the safe work procedures covering all forms 

of activities at both shipyards as well as the various 

responsibilities of all stakeholders involved 

Harmonised 

Drug Policy 

Ensures provision and 

maintenance of a safe, healthy and 

productive working environment 

for all employees. At no time shall 

any employee be under the 

influence of alcohol or drugs. 

• Penguin has zero tolerance towards abuse of 

drugs or alcohol by any employee, subcontractor 

or other person whilst under the employment or 

contract of the Company and its subsidiaries.  

• Comprises of guidelines and disciplinary actions 

which may result from any non-compliance of the 

policy 

 

FIGURE 18: WORKPLACE SAFETY AND HEALTH (WSH) INITIATIVES – SHIPYARD 

Workplace Safety and Health Initiatives 

Identifying risks  

• Regular maintenance of risk register and ensure that all control measures are 

implemented prior to any work activity at both shipyards 

 

Promoting and 

communicating a no-

blame safety culture 

to all stakeholders  

Subcontractors who provide manpower are subjected to the same health and safety 

standards as set out in the terms and condition of their contract. 

 

Mandatory training - Shipyard Safety Instruction Course (SSIC) 

• All staff are equipped with relevant skillsets and appropriate certifications.  

o Mandatory Shipyard Safety Instruction Course (SSIC) is conducted for all before 

entering shipyards or commencing of any works   

o Yard Safety Orientation for all yard employees, subcontractors within the first 

week of commencement of employment or work 

 


30 

 

Ad-hoc and situational training 

All workers in both shipyards who require additional skills or qualification to perform 

specific scope of work are sent for training, such as Mobile Elevating Work Platforms 

(MEWP) and forklifts operation, erecting scaffolding, welding and fire watchman 

responsibilities. 

Safety Meetings 

• Daily Safety Toolbox Meeting for all shipyard employees, workers and 

subcontractors 

• Monthly safety meetings are held to reinforce compliance and constantly 

ensuring safety awareness for all working at shipyard 

 

Safety Awards  

• Monthly Safe Workers Award held to recognise workers with excellent WSH 

performance. Workers nominated by project managers or supervisors (or through 

self-nomination) will be monitored for one to two weeks before being conferred 

the award. 

Ensuring 

effectiveness of 

systems, policies and 

actions  

• Daily routine safety inspection to ensure compliance of statutory requirements 

• Monthly inspections by WSH committee 

• Statutory maintenance for equipment and machineries in bi-yearly, yearly and 

monthly intervals 

• Regular Safety and Health Management Systems (SHMS) audit conducted by 

Ministry of Manpower (MOM) to review Workplace Safety Health Management 

Systems (WSHMS), Risk Assessment (RA), Safety Promotional and Environmental 

Management programmes. Audit recommendations from are acted on timely 

basis to improve shipyard processes.  

Obtaining 

certifications 

• Annual certification for Gas Meter Calibration 

• Annual tests of Fire-fighting systems  

• BizSafe certification conducted once every three years  

 

Case Study: New implementation of Gangway Tagboard Display system 

 

To facilitate the purpose of headcount during emergency evacuations and rescue, Penguin has implemented 

a Gangway Tagboard Display System which accounts for the number of working personnel on a particular 

vessel or present inside the subjected confined area at any one time. All yard personnel including 

subcontractors are issued with their respective dual passes, 'G' and 'C' tags. Before boarding the vessel, the 

'G' tag is to be displayed on the Gangway Tagboard (left) and 'C' tag on the permit display board of any 

confined space (right) with valid entry permit before entering the subject confined space. From the displayed 

tags, we are able to account for the number of personnel working on board or present within a confined 

space.  

 

 


31 

 

 

 

Performance 

Our reporting process of safety statistics at shipyards are in line with reporting process for vessels, following the 

same frequency. We align ourselves to the Workforce Safety and Health (Shipbuilding and Ship Repair) 

Regulations 2008. In FY2017, there were a total of four reportable incidents which were due to workplace 

accidents where employees sustained minor cuts, sprains and fractures during work. In FY2016, there were no 

reportable incidents. The increase in the number of reportable incidents reflects an increase in shipyard 

activities in FY2017, following a lull in FY2016 

We analyse each and every incident to identify the root cause and ensure corrective actions are in place to 

prevent re-occurrence and enhance our overall risk mitigation and management system. Through continuous 

promotion of a safety culture and more stringent inspections, we are working towards a zero-incident work 

environment. 

 

FIGURE 19: FY2016 AND FY2017 SAFETY STATISTICS – SHIPYARD  

Country 

FY2016 

FY2017 

Reportable 

Incidents 

Reportable 

Incident 

Frequency 

Rate (IFR) 

Reportable 

Incident 

Severity Rate 

(ISR) 

Reportable 

Incidents 

Reportable 

Incident 

Frequency 

Rate (IFR) 

Reportable 

Incident 

Severity Rate 

(ISR) 

Singapore 

0 

0 

0 

4 

5.81 

42.57 

Batam 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

 

 






32 

 

8. Environment  

a. Energy Consumption Management and Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions 

Policies and practices  

Besides social considerations, Penguin also makes a conscious effort to manage the environmental impact 

created by our operations. While a formal policy on energy management is not yet in place, the practice of 

monitoring our energy consumption is a regular practice. The fuel consumption for our vessels in particular is 

recorded and tracked on daily basis. Any irregularities are identified and explained. Our Planned Maintenance 

System, which follows the engine markers’ recommendations closely, are carried out diligently to ensure engine 

optimal performance and efficiency.  

In addition to operational energy efficiency, we also strive to create more energy efficient products through 

research and development. One of the success stories is the usage in Penguin’s Flex crewboats of Baudouin 

engines, which were previously used primarily on fishing boats and passenger ferries in Europe. Baudouin 

engines, though still conventionally diesel powered, are smaller, lighter and more fuel efficient than the 

Cummins engines that Penguin had previously installed on their Flex crewboats. Significantly, the smaller-and-

lighter Baudouin engines produced the same speed as the larger-and-heavier Cummins engines.  

The idea resulted in meaningful improvements in fuel efficiency, as evidenced by their popularity among oil 

majors in Thailand and Malaysia. While seeking out lighter equipment and materials to further improve the fuel 

efficiency of our Flex designs, we are also actively exploring the use of alternative energy sources for our 

newbuilds.  

As a designer, builder, owner and operator of high-speed aluminium vessels with a strong balance sheet, 

Penguin is well-positioned to lead the industry in the commercialisation of alternative-fuelled vessels for 

Singapore and beyond.  

Performance - Shipyards 

At our shipyards, the energy consumption includes direct energy from fuel and electricity purchased from the 

grid. The top three fuels consumed are diesel, lubricant (lube oil) and waste oil used in operation of heavy 

machinery, fork lifts and motor vehicles respectively, in our Tuas and Batam shipyards. During the year, total 

energy consumed increased by 16% due to the increase in projects and operations at both our shipyards.  Our 

total energy consumption from fuel and purchased electricity was at 9,924 GJ (Figure 21), translating to a total 

of 1,281 tonnes of Scope 1 and Scope 2 CO2 emissions11 (Figure 23) combined.    

We measure and manage our energy intensity by both quantity of material usage and number of working hours. 

It is to take into account the different energy intensities of different phases of ship fabrication and different 

activities at shipyards. For example, in general, the plate cutting phase takes relatively less energy to process a 

larger quantity of material, as compared to welding. Ship repair activities require more man hour and consume 

 

11 Emission factors were derived from the 2006 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas 

Inventories 


33 

 

more energy while use fewer material.  There was an improvement in both intensities by tonnage of aluminium12 

and by man hours in FY2017 as demonstrated in Figure 21. 

FIGURE 20: FUEL AND ELECTRICITY CONSUMPTION – SHIPYARDS 

 

FIGURE 21: TOTAL ENERGY CONSUMPTION AND INTENSITY – SHIPYARDS  

 

 

 

 

 

12 Aluminium tonnage is calculated based on the total aluminum ordered and delivered for the respective year. This takes into account both usage 

and wastage of aluminium. 

1,213

1,250

0

200

400

600

800

1000

1200

1400

1600

FY2016

FY2017

Electrcity Consumption (MWh)

4,180

5,423

0

1000

2000

3000

4000

5000

6000

FY2016

FY2017

Fuel Consumption (GJ)

8,549

9,924

13.2

11.7

0

2

4

6

8

10

12

14

0

2000

4000

6000

8000

10000

12000

FY2016

FY2017

Total energy consumption (GJ)

Energy Intensity per '000 manhours (GJ / '000 manhours)

Total Energy Consumption (GJ)

Energy Intensity by manhours

(GJ / '000 manhours)

8,549

9,924

135.0

33.9

0.00

20.00

40.00

60.00

80.00

100.00

120.00

140.00

160.00

0

2000

4000

6000

8000

10000

12000

FY2016

FY2017

Total energy consumption (GJ)

Energy Intensity per ton of aluminium (GJ / ton)

Total Energy Consumption (GJ)

Energy Intensity by tonnage of aluminium

(GJ / ton)


34 

 

FIGURE 22: DIRECT (SCOPE 1) AND ENERGY INDIRECT (SCOPE 2) GHG EMISSIONS – SHIPYARDS  

 

 

FIGURE 23: TOTAL GHG EMISSIONS AND INTENSITY – SHIPYARDS 

 

 

 

 

 

311

403

0

100

200

300

400

500

600

700

800

900

1000

FY2016

FY2017

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions 

(tonnes CO2)

851

879

0

100

200

300

400

500

600

700

800

900

1000

FY2016

FY2017

Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions 

(tonnes CO2)

1,161

1,282

1.79

1.52

0.00

0.20

0.40

0.60

0.80

1.00

1.20

1.40

1.60

1.80

2.00

0

200

400

600

800

1000

1200

1400

FY2016

FY2017

Total  GHG Emissions (tonnes CO2)

Emission Intensity by '000 manhours

(tonnes CO2 / '000 manhours)

Total GHG Emissions (tonnes CO2)

GHG Emissions Intensity by '000 manhours

(tonnes CO2 / '000 manhours)

1,161

1,282

18.34

4.38

0

2

4

6

8

10

12

14

16

18

20

0

200

400

600

800

1000

1200

1400

FY2016

FY2017

Total  GHG Emissions (tonnes CO2)

Emission Intensity by tonnage of aluminium

(tonnes CO2 / ton)

Total GHG Emissions (tonnes CO2)

GHG Emissions Intensity

by tonnage of aluminium 

(tonnes CO2 / ton)


35 

 

Performance – Vessel Operations 

For our vessels, we only use Marine Diesel Oil (MDO). It is the sole source of energy on board and results in only 

Direct Scope 1 emissions. A total of 44,147 GJ of MDO was consumed in FY2017 translating to 3,287 tonnes of 

CO2 emissions13.  

The significant increase in MDO consumed is attributed to the increase in fleet size of 30 managed in FY2017 as 

compared to 20 in FY2016. Even though MDO used on board Penguin’s vessels are provided by the charterers, 

we have a fuel consumption tracking system which reports daily fuel consumption with use of a flow meter to 

identify any irregularities at the soonest. In addition, our planned maintenance schedule ensures that our 

engines operate as recommended by the engine makers to ensure optimal performance. Thus, this regulates 

fuel usage which also leads to the management of vessel emissions explained in the next section.  

 

FIGURE 24: TOTAL FUEL CONSUMPTION AND GHG EMISSIONS AND INTENSITIES – VESSELS 

 

b. Vessel Emissions  

Marine Fuel Sulphur Limit under MARPOL Annex VI states that sulphur content of any fuel oil used on board 

outside an Emission Control Area (ECA)14 is to be reduced from 3.5% in 2012 to 0.50% on and after 1 January 

202015. Penguin has achieved this standard ahead of time as we use low sulphur content diesel in crew boat 

operations (maximum of 0.35% sulphur content) and ultra-low sulphur content diesel (0.005%) for our domestic 

 

13 As extracted from European Commission: Quantification of emissions from ships associated with ship movements between ports in the European 

Community, emission factor of MDO is 3179 kg/tonne fuel   

14 The ECA established include the Baltic Sea area, North Sea area, North American area and United States Caribbean Sea area of which Penguin’s 

vessels do not cross into these areas.  

15 Marine and Port Authority of Singapore is a party to the Annex IV of the International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships 

(MARPOL 73/78) and subscribes to all regulations therein.  

36,323

44,147

11.13

10.46

0

2

4

6

8

10

12

14

0

5000

10000

15000

20000

25000

30000

35000

40000

45000

50000

FY2016

FY2017

Total energy consumption (GJ)

Energy Intensity by running hours (GJ / running hour)

Total Energy Consumption (GJ)

Energy Intensity by running hours

(GJ / running hour)

2,704

3,287

0.83

0.78

0.0

0.1

0.2

0.3

0.4

0.5

0.6

0.7

0.8

0.9

1.0

0

500

1000

1500

2000

2500

3000

3500

FY2016

FY2017

Total GHG Emissions (tonne CO2)

GHG Emissions Intensity by running hours

(tCO2 / running hour)

Total GHG Emissions (tonnes CO2)

GHG Emissions Intensity by running hours

(tCO2 / running hour)


36 

 

ferry operations. Figure 25 shows the breakdown of NOx, SOx and Particulate Matter (PM) emitted from the use 

of MDO in our vessels16. 

FIGURE 25: SIGNIFICANT17 AIR EMISSIONS FROM VESSEL OPERATIONS  

Air emissions (tonnes) 

FY2016 

FY2017 

NOx 

53.6 

65.2 

SOx 

45.9 

55.8 

PM 

5.18 

6.30 

 

9. Corporate Governance 

Regulatory Compliance 

Compliance Management Operating System  

Penguin is committed to fully complying with all legal and other requirements that are applicable to our activities, 

products and services. These requirements include the relevant Primary Legislative Status (Acts) passed by the 

Parliament, the Subsidiary Legislations (Regulations, Notifications and Orders) issued by the relevant 

governmental agencies, and the applicable Singapore Standards and Codes of Practice. Organisations should 

also comply with the relevant industrial standards and codes. 

To enable compliance, Penguin identifies all the legal and other requirements, applicable to our activities, 

products or services. Policies and procedures are then established, implemented and maintained for identifying 

and accessing the legal and other Safety, Health and Environment (HSE) requirements that are applicable to us. 

The policies and procedures undergo regular reviews by General Manager to ensure its continued relevance to 

our business operations.  

Presently, there is no dedicated Compliance team in Penguin. Instead, each function within our organisation is 

responsible for monitoring and reporting compliance matters relevant to their function. These information on 

legal and other requirements are communicated to respective functions, and our business partners such as 

suppliers and subcontractors. 

 

Performance 

In FY2016, there were three cases of non-compliances which resulted in two fines and a verbal warning from 

relevant authorities. As disclosed in Figure 26, we have promptly taken corrective actions and were glad to 

achieve zero cases of non-compliance in FY2017. We strive to be well-informed of changes in regulatory 

environment so as to maintain this track record.  

 

16 Emission factors obtained from the Third IMO Greenhouse Gas Study 2014 from international shipping. For more information, the report is 

accessible at: 

http://www.imo.org/en/OurWork/Environment/PollutionPrevention/AirPollution/Documents/Third%20Greenhouse%20Gas%20Study/GHG3%20E

xecutive%20Summary%20and%20Report.pdf 

17 MDO comprises of mainly hydrocarbons whose combustion results in the release of NOx, SOx and PM as stated in Third IMO Greenhouse Gas 

Study 2014. (See Footnote 16) 


37 

 

FIGURE 26: FY2016 LIST OF NON-COMPLIANCE AND CORRECTIVE ACTIONS TAKEN 

Category 

Description of FY2016 non-compliance cases Corrective actions taken by Penguin  

Customer Health and 

Safety  

In FY2016, a crew was found operating a 

vessel without a valid manning license, 

resulting in a fine of $150. 

• Crew was immediately sent to 

apply for the relevant license 

• For all subsequent operations, 

licenses will be checked before 

the crew is allowed to operate 

the vessel 

Environment 

Mosquito breeding detected in stored tyres 

located at a new fabrication workshop, 

resulting in a fine of $200. 

• Immediate removal of all 

potential breeding areas 

• Fogging is conducted every two 

weeks by third-party pest 

control operators 

Vessel grounded in Labuan Marine 

Recreation Park on 18 Aug 2016 had 

unintentionally deviated from the passage 

plan. The incident was reported to Labuan 

Marine Department. 

 

A verbal warning was given, due to slight 

damage sustained by rocks and not corals. 

• Penguin promptly sent out an 

alert to its fleet, along with a 

reminder and warning 

• Safety circular comprising 

lessons issued 

 

Business Ethics  

Fundamental Standard  

Ethical business conduct is core to our business operations. We comply strictly with the Code of Corporate 

Governance 2012 and strive to meet our target of zero lapses with the Code. At Penguin, we have a robust 

business ethics framework with anti-corruption policies in place (Figure 27) that aims to mitigate risk of possible 

improprieties18. All employees of Penguin including full-time, part-time and contract employees are encouraged 

to report, should there be any concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other 

matters, without the fear of retaliatory actions. The Audit Committee is responsible for maintaining, reviewing 

and updating this policy. Should there be any revisions or amendments made, all employees will be notified in 

writing by the Human Resource Department. Figure 28 summarises the procedures for the receipt, retention 

and treatment of every complaint raised. 

 

 

 

 

 

18 Possible Improprieties refers to any activity, breach of business conduct and ethics or omission by an Employee of the Group; or any concerns 

regarding accounting or auditing matters, internal controls or internal accounting controls and other operational matters that are questionable or 

not in accordance with generally accepted accounting practices or trade practices prescribed by the Group 


38 

 

FIGURE 27: ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICIES 

 

* Conflict of Interest Policy is applicable for purchasing department on all purchasing decisions 

 

FIGURE 28: PENGUIN'S WHISTLE BLOWING POLICY 

1. Submission of Complaint 

2. Receipt of Complaint 

• The complaint shall be lodged in person or in 

writing with the Chairman of the AC providing 

personal particulars to allegations so as to trigger 

follow-up questions and investigations 

• The identity of the complainant shall be 

confidential where possible 

• Upon receipt of any complaint, the AC may conduct 

its own investigation or review where Internal 

Auditor (IA) may be involved in relevant 

investigations, taking appropriate actions in the 

best interests of the Group 

• All complaints received will be maintained in a 

Complaints Register for documentation purposes 

and made available for inspection upon any 

request by investigating authorities  

3. Review and Investigation of Complaint 

4. Frivolous or Malicious Complaints 

• For investigations or reviews conducted by AC, 

they will be responsible for informing the 

complainant of the likely timeline for a final 

response and notify them of any actions taken 

where required  

• For any complaints filed frivolously, in bad faith, in 

abuse of these policies and procedures, with 

malicious or mischievous intent will not be 

protected by this document  

• Administrative or disciplinary actions (may include 

termination of employment or contract) may ensue  

 

Performance 

In FY2016 and FY2017, we are proud to announce that we have zero reported cases of anti-corruption. Penguin 

has zero tolerance towards any forms of corruption or financial improprieties and this message is clearly 

communicated to all employees. From the signing of the letter of appointment, employees are informed of the 

policies and the communication is further reinforced during their mandatory orientation upon commencement.  




39 

 

GRI Content Index  

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Reference 

Disclosure 

Location or reason for omission 

GRI 101: Foundation 2017 [There are no disclosures in this section] 

GRI 102: General Disclosures 2017 

Organisational profile 

102-1 

Name of the organisation 

About Penguin International 

Limited 

Pg. 2 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

About Penguin International 

Limited 

Pg. 2 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

About Penguin International 

Limited 

Pg. 2 

102-4 

Location of operations 

About Penguin International 

Limited 

Pg. 2 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

About Penguin International 

Limited 

Annual Report  

Pg. 2 

 

Pg. 10-11 

102-6 

Markets served 

About Penguin International 

Limited 

Pg. 2 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

About Penguin International 

Limited 

Pg. 2 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Highlights for FY2017;  

Staff Demographics 

Pg. 4 

Pg. 19-20 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Sustainability Strategy 

Pg. 13-17 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain 

Sustainability Strategy  

Pg. 13-17 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Corporate Governance;  

Annual Report  

Pg. 37 

Pg. 31 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Not applicable  

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Key memberships include Association of Regional 

Ferry Operators (ARFO), Association of Singapore 

Marine Industries (ASMI), Singapore Shipping 

Association (SSA) and Singapore National 

Employers Federation (SNEF) 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

Board Statement 

Pg. 6 

Ethic and Integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

Highlights for FY2017;  

Corporate Governance 

Pg. 5 

Pg. 36-38 

102-17 

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics 

Corporate Governance; 

Annual Report  

Pg. 37-38 

Pg. 33 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance Structure 

Sustainability Governance 

Pg. 6 

102-22 

Composition of the highest governance body and its 

committees 

Annual Report  

Pg. 25-27 

102-23 

Chair of the highest governance body  

Annual Report  

Pg. 27-28 

102-24 

Nominating and selecting the highest governance 

body  

Annual Report  

Pg. 26 

102-26 

Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, 

values and strategy  

Board Statement; 

Annual Report  

Pg. 6 

Pg. 25 

102-29 

Identifying and managing economic, environmental, 

and social impacts  

Board Statement 

Pg. 6 


40 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Reference 

Disclosure 

Location or reason for omission 

102-32 

Highest governance body’s role in sustainability 

reporting 

Sustainability Governance 

Pg. 6 

102-35 

Remuneration policies  

Annual Report  

Pg. 30-31 

102-36 

Process for determining remuneration  

Annual Report  

Pg. 30-31 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholder Engagement  

Pg. 7-8 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable as Penguin International Limited is 

not unionised 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Stakeholder Engagement 

Pg. 7-8 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Stakeholder Engagement 

Pg. 7-8 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Stakeholder Engagement 

Pg. 7-8 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

Annual Report  

Pg. 51, 53 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

About the Report 

Pg. 3 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Materiality Assessment 

Pg. 9-12 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

This is Penguin’s Inaugural Sustainability Report 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

This is Penguin’s Inaugural Sustainability Report 

102-50 

Reporting period 

1 January 2017 – 31 December 2017 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

This is Penguin’s Inaugural Sustainability Report 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annual 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

About the Report 

Pg. 3 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

About the Report 

Pg. 3 

102-55 

GRI content index 

GRI Content Index 

Pg. 39-42 

102-56 

External assurance 

Penguin has not sought external assurance for 

this inaugural report.  

 

 

 


41 

 

 

Material matters 

GRI Standard Disclosure 

Reference 

Description 

Location or reason for omission 

Product Quality and Stewardship 

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary 

Materiality Assessment 

Pg. 9-12 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Sustainability Strategy 

Pg. 13-17 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Sustainability Strategy 

Pg. 13-17 

Economic Resilience  

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary 

Materiality Assessment 

Pg. 9-12 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Sustainability Strategy; 

Economic Resilience 

Pg. 14 

Pg. 18 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Sustainability Strategy 

Pg. 14 

GRI 201: Economic 

Performance 2016 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

Economic Resilience 

Pg. 18 

Business Ethics 

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary 

Materiality Assessment 

Pg. 9-12 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Sustainability Strategy; 

Corporate Governance 

Pg. 13 

Pg. 37-38 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Corporate Governance 

Pg. 37-38 

GRI 205: Anti- 

Corruption 2016 

205-2 

Communications and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures 

Corporate Governance 

Pg. 38 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and 

actions taken 

Corporate Governance 

Pg. 38 

Regulatory Compliance  

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary 

Materiality Assessment 

Pg. 9-12 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Sustainability Strategy; 

Corporate Governance 

Pg. 13 

Pg. 36-37 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Corporate Governance 

Pg. 36-37 

GRI 307: Environmental 

Compliance 2016 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations 

Corporate Governance 

Pg. 36-37 

GRI 416: Customer 

Health and Safety 2016 

416-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

the health and safety impacts of products 

and services 

Corporate Governance 

Pg. 36-37 

GRI 419: 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 2016 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and economic 

area 

Corporate Governance 

Pg. 36-37 

Energy Consumption Management 

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary 

Materiality Assessment 

Pg. 9-12 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Sustainability Strategy; 

Energy Consumption 

Management and GHG 

Emissions 

Pg. 16 

Pg. 32-35 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Energy Consumption; 

Management and GHG 

Emissions 

Pg. 32-35 


42 

 

Material matters 

GRI Standard Disclosure 

Reference 

Description 

Location or reason for omission 

GRI 302: Energy 2016 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the 

organisation 

Energy Consumption; 

Management and GHG 

Emissions 

Pg. 32-33, 35 

302-3 

Energy Intensity 

Energy Consumption; 

Management and GHG 

Emissions 

Pg. 33, 35 

Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions 

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary 

Materiality Assessment 

Pg. 9-12 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Sustainability Strategy; 

Energy Consumption 

Management and GHG 

Emissions 

Pg. 16 

Pg. 32-35 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Energy Consumption; 

Management and GHG 

Emissions 

Pg. 32-35 

GRI 305: Emissions 

2016 

305-1 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 

Energy Consumption; 

Management and GHG 

Emissions 

Pg. 32, 34 

305-2 

Energy indirect greenhouse gas (GHG) 

emissions (Scope 2) 

Energy Consumption; 

Management and GHG 

Emissions 

Pg. 32, 34 

305-4 

GHG emissions intensity 

Energy Consumption; 

Management and GHG 

Emissions 

Pg. 34 

Vessel Emissions 

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary 

Materiality Assessment 

Pg. 9-12 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Sustainability Strategy; 

Vessel Emissions 

Pg. 16-17 

Pg. 35-36 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Vessel Emissions 

Pg. 35-36 

GRI 305: Emissions 

2016 

305-7 

Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulphur oxides 

(SOX), and other significant air emissions 

Vessel Emissions 

Pg. 36 

Workplace Diversity, Fairness and Retention 

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary 

Materiality Assessment 

Pg. 9-12 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Sustainability Strategy; 

Workplace Diversity and 

Fairness 

Pg. 15 

Pg. 20-23 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Workplace Diversity and 

Fairness 

Pg. 20-23 

GRI 401: Employment 

2016 

 

401-1 

New employee hires and employee 

turnovers 

Workplace Diversity and 

Fairness 

Pg. 22-23 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full- time employees 

that are not provided to temporary or 

part- time employees 

Workplace Diversity and 

Fairness 

Pg. 21-22 

GRI 404: Training and 

Education 2016 

404-3 

Percentage of employees receiving 

regular performance and career 

development reviews 

Workplace Diversity and 

Fairness 

Pg. 22 

GRI 405: Diversity and 

Equal Opportunity  

2016 

405-2 

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of 

women to men 

Due to the nature of our industry, many of the 

positions are filled by male personnel, the 

average data in this case will not be reflective. 


43 

 

Material matters 

GRI Standard Disclosure 

Reference 

Description 

Location or reason for omission 

Safety (Safety on Board for Crew and Passengers and Occupational Health and Safety at Shipyards) 

GRI 103: Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary 

Materiality Assessment 

Pg. 9-12 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Sustainability Strategy; 

Safety 

Pg. 14-15 

Pg. 24-31 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

Safety 

Pg. 24-31 

GRI 403: Occupational 

Health and Safety 2016 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of work- 

related fatalities 

Safety 

Pg. 25-26, 31 

 

 

