
























20


 

Table of Contents 

 

 

Letter to Shareholders 

02 

Board of Directors 

04 

Corporate Profile &amp; Structure 

07 

Corporate Information 

09 

Sustainability Report 

10 

Corporate Governance Report 

22 

Directors’ Statement 

45 

Independent Auditor’s Report 

49 

Financial Statements 

54 

Statistics of Shareholdings 

134 

Notice of Annual General Meeting 

137 

Proxy Form 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Disclaimer 

 

This annual report has been reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, Stamford Corporate Services Pte. Ltd. (the 

“Sponsor”). It has not been examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(the “SGX-ST”) and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this annual report, including the 

correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this annual report.. 

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr Yap Wai Ming  

Tel: 6389 3000; 

Email: waiming.yap@morganlewis.com


LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS 

 

2 

Dear Valued Shareholders,  

 

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to 

present to you the annual report for Polaris Ltd (the 

“Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the 

“Group”) for the financial year ended 31 December 

2020 (“FY2020”). 

 

DEVELOPMENTS IN FY2020  

 

Singapore’s economy has been hit hard by the 

coronavirus (“COVID-19”) global pandemic. The 

nation’s Gross Domestic Product (“GDP”) contracted 

by a record 5.8% in 2020 (versus 0.7% growth in 

2019), as the country tackled its worst recession since 

independence. The retail sector was also not spared, 

especially during the circuit-breaker period in the 

second quarter of 2020, when the Singapore 

government sought to stem the spread of the 

outbreak.  

 

While 

these 

measures 

were 

successful, 

they 

significantly affected our existing business units and 

revenue during this period. Our customer-facing 

operations, which include our Apple Premium Reseller 

retail outlet and Dyson in-home repair services, were 

temporarily suspended as a result of the strict safety 

measures. Our corporate and educational clients also 

reined in their budgeted expenditures amidst the 

uncertain outlook.  

 

Notwithstanding 

these 

adverse 

operational 

challenges, our management team and staff worked 

tirelessly to overcome these hurdles. We moved 

swiftly to adapt operations, put more efforts behind 

online sales and divested two non-core office units to 

strengthen our financial position. These initiatives 

positioned us to benefit from the gradual recovery in 

business 

sentiment 

under 

the 

new 

normal 

environment. The strong team spirit displayed by our 

employees and close collaboration with our big brand 

partners enabled the Group to deliver a recovery in 

the second half of FY2020.  

 

Our consumer electronics sales business benefited 

from Apple’s launch of several successful new 

products. The surge in consumer demand for more 

“screens” at home, for work, study and entertainment, 

likely played a part as well. We saw interest in smart 

home products pick up and expanded our portfolio 

accordingly.  

 

In 2019, we ventured into the pre-owned luxury goods 

(lifestyle products sales) business to diversify our 

revenue streams and position the Group for new 

growth opportunities. The COVID-19 pandemic makes 

the move timely. The pre-owned luxury goods sector 

remained resilient, with steady demand growth. 

Through our investment in Marque Luxury Pte Ltd 

(“Marque Luxury”), we intend to harness this growth 

engine and strategically expand our presence in 

select markets to establish ourselves as a global 

leader in the pre-owned luxury goods space with a 

focus on Business to Business (B2B). 

 

Marque Luxury now has operations in Singapore, 

South Korea, Philippines, Thailand, Japan, the United 

States, Indonesia and Hong Kong. Marque Luxury 

America LLC, a subsidiary of the Company which is 

headed by our joint-venture partner Mr Quentin Philip 

Caruana, has established re-commerce hubs in Los 

Angeles, Orange County, Dallas, Atlanta and New 

York. In addition, Marque Luxury has entered into 

several 

partnerships 

to 

collaborate 

with 

key 

distributors in Asia and North America. Marque Luxury 

inked an agreement with the Valuence Group of 

Japan, to support their sourcing efforts in Asia under 

the Nanboya brand. In the United States, Marque 

Luxury established joint ventures with Bentgrass 

Holdings LLC, a leading distributor to the pawn 

industry with access to thousands of pawn shops, as 

well as Luxury HM&amp;C, LLC, whose sales network 

gives us unique access to US military bases, major 

cruise ship lines, various department stores and off-

price retailers. 

 

FINANCIAL REVIEW  

 

The Group posted revenues of S$32.8 million for 

FY2020 compared to S$54.4 million in the previous 

financial year ended 31 December 2019 (“FY2019”). 

All business units declined year on year. The Group 

recorded a loss attributable to shareholders of S$0.3 

million for FY2020, as compared to a profit of S$0.2 

million in FY2019. Losses in FY2020 were driven by 

an overall decrease in business as a result of the 

COVID-19 pandemic along with the impairment of 

S$0.3 million of the Group’s 40% stake in Polaristitans 

Philippines Inc. Net assets decreased from S$14.3 

million in FY2019 to S$14.1 million in FY2020. 

 

Shareholders may refer to page 22 of this annual 

report 

for 

certain 

material 

developments 

and 

corporate actions subsequent to the release of the 

Company’s preliminary unaudited financial statements 

for 

FY2020. 

These 

developments 

enable 

the 

Company to divest its non-core businesses and to 

increase focus on its global pre-owned luxury goods 

business, Marque Luxury. 

 

CORPORATE 

SOCIAL 

RESPONSIBILITY 

AND 

SUSTAINABILITY 

 

The stringent social distancing measures imposed by 

the Singapore government to curb the spread of 

COVID-19 have curtailed our annual community 

engagement activities. As these restrictions ease with 

the progressive resumption of social events, we look 

forward to resuming our volunteering efforts.  

 

 

 


LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS 

 

3 

LOOKING AHEAD 

 

The Group will continue to serve and grow alongside 

our established brand partners, as we envision their 

strong pipeline of product launches will keep on 

driving sales for our consumer electronics business. 

We aim to further strengthen our accessory 

attachment rate with retail device sales. The Group 

will continue to develop our corporate segment to 

enhance our credentials in government tenders and 

cover both the large corporates and the underserved 

market for small and medium enterprises.  

 

We believe that our customer service business will 

also benefit from opportunities to grow, driven by 

operational excellence and rebounding markets. 

 

Within the field of educational robotics, the market 

for 

science, 

technology, 

engineering 

and 

mathematics (“STEM”) remains promising. We see 

opportunities to expand our product portfolio and 

engage new educational institutions. 

 

In the pre-owned luxury goods sector, we remain 

optimistic that the Marque Luxury business will 

continue to benefit from the long-term demand for 

premium lifestyle products. We intend to further 

allocate resources to support the ambitious growth of 

this new business segment.   

 

Nevertheless, macroeconomic uncertainty caused by 

the pandemic remains, and as such, the business 

environment is expected to remain challenging in 

2021. We will continue to exercise financial discipline 

by 

optimising 

operational 

efficiencies 

and 

productivity. Our intention is to continue to find the 

appropriate balance between our stable growth 

businesses and selected higher growth opportunities 

to enhance shareholder value.  

 

WORDS OF APPRECIATION  

 

On behalf of the Board, we would like to welcome 

Ms. Diana Airin, Ms. Evy Soenarjo, and Mr. Sugiono 

Wiyono Sugialam who joined us in their respective 

positions as Independent Non-Executive Director, 

Non-Independent 

Non-Executive 

Director, 

and 

Executive Director and Chairman. 

 

Ms. Diana Airin is familiar with the millennial-focused 

digital 

activation 

space, 

having 

held 

senior 

management positions with corporates in the media 

and communications sector. Ms. Evy Soenarjo has a 

wealth of experience in the pre-owned luxury goods 

market in Indonesia. We are confident that they will 

be able to contribute positively to the Company’s 

growth. 

 

Mr. Sugiono Wiyono Sugialam is Polaris’ main 

shareholder and is returning to the board after 

serving as a Non-Executive Director from 2011 to 

2016. He has a wealth of listed company and 

entrepreneurial experience across the areas of 

technology, telecom, lifestyle and retail. Mr. Sugiono 

is joining with a mission to steer the Company 

towards sustainability related businesses and we 

look forward to benefit from his leadership and 

energy.  

 

We extend our heartfelt appreciations to Mr. Ong 

Kok Wah for more than a decade of service on the 

Polaris board. His guidance and steady hand as 

director and chairman over the years have been 

invaluable.  

 

This year also warrants a special recognition and 

appreciation to the people and government of 

Singapore 

for 

their 

substantial 

support 

and 

dependable conduct in a time of unprecedented 

challenges.  

 

Finally, we would like to thank our fellow directors for 

their contributions and counsel. We are also grateful 

to management and staff for their dedication and 

cohesive efforts during the year. We extend our 

warmest appreciation to our shareholders, business 

partners and customers for their support and 

confidence in us. Together, we look forward to 

building a sustainable future for the Group.  

 

Sugiono Wiyono Sugialam  

Executive Director and Chairman  

 

Soennerstedt Carl Johan Pontus 

Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer 

 

 

 


BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

 

4 

Mr Sugiono Wiyono Sugialam 

Executive Director &amp; Executive Chairman 

 

Mr Soennerstedt Carl Johan Pontus 

Executive Director &amp; Chief Executive Officer 

 

 

 

 

DATE OF APPOINTMENT AS DIRECTOR 

 

 

DATE OF APPOINTMENT AS DIRECTOR 

25 February 2021 

 

5 May 2016 

DATE OF LAST RE-ELECTION 

 

DATE OF LAST RE-ELECTION 

NA 

 

26 April 2019 

BOARD COMMITTEES SERVED ON 

 

BOARD COMMITTEES SERVED ON 

Member of Nominating Committee since 25 

February 2021 

 

Member of Nominating Committee since 5 February 

2018 

 

 

 

 

Mr Sugiono joined the Board of Directors as an 

Executive Director and Chairman of the Board on 25 

February 2021. Previously, Mr Sugiono had served as 

a Non-Executive Director in the Company from 2011 to 

2016. 

 

Mr Sugiono has vast experience in technology, 

telecommunications, 

lifestyle 

goods, 

retail 

and 

distribution. Since the start of his career in 1985, Mr 

Sugiono has led multiple IPO and corporate actions 

within the industries where he is actively doing 

business. 

 

Mr Sugiono is actively involved in several major 

investment funds in Southeast Asia, especially in 

digital/tech 

start-ups 

and 

platforms, 

while 

also 

continuing to pursue his passions for active lifestyle 

and sustainability businesses. 

 

Mr Sugiono holds a Bachelors Degree in Economics 

from the University of Surabaya, Indonesia. 

 

 

With effect from 1 March 2018, Mr Soennerstedt was 

re-designated as Executive Director and appointed as 

CEO, after having served two years as an Independent 

Non-Executive Director and Non-Executive Chairman 

of the Company. 

 

Between 2014 to 2017, Mr Soennerstedt set up and 

ran PT Bayon Management, a company engaged in 

internet consulting and investments in Indonesia. 

Consulting engagements included online media, law, 

music and payments, as well as discovery and 

evaluation of investment targets. 

 

Leading up to Bayon, Mr Soennerstedt was CEO at PT 

Skybee Tbk, an Indonesian holding company with 

technology, 

telecommunications 

and 

media 

subsidiaries. He held liaison positions engaging with 

SoftBank and SoftBank Ventures Korea, supporting 

their investment efforts in Indonesia, and was on the 

investment committee of Indonesian incubator and 

venture capital firm Ideosource. 

 

Between 2007 and 2012, Mr Soennerstedt identified 

Indonesia as a key growth opportunity for Yahoo!, 

coordinated the company’s entry into the market and 

then ran PT Yahoo Indonesia as a Country Manager. 

Under Mr Soennerstedt’s leadership, Yahoo! attracted 

great talent and became one of the most trafficked and 

monetized Internet destinations in Indonesia. Today 

the alumni can be found across the market as 

successful entrepreneurs and in leading roles in local 

and international companies. 

 

Prior to Yahoo!, Mr Soennerstedt spent eight years in 

the mobile phone industry in Asia. From 1999 to 2001 

he managed Ericsson’s mobile phone business in 

Vietnam as Director of Consumer Products. He then 

moved to Singapore with Sony Ericsson, first in a 

regional sales role covering Indonesia and then as 

head of business development for APAC EM. In this 

role, Mr Soennerstedt established as well as managed 

the company’s business and operations in several 

markets, including Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, 

Cambodia and Vietnam. Under his management, the 

operations in these emerging markets transformed 

from being a marginal business to one turning over 

several 

hundred 

million 

dollars 

per 

year. 

Mr 

Soennerstedt was recognized for his contributions to 

the company’s overall performance and growth by 

twice winning the company’s global best market unit 

performance award.  

 

Mr Soennerstedt served as a mine clearance diver in 

the Royal Swedish Navy. He holds a degree in 

International Economics from the American University 

of Paris. 

 

 

 

 


BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

 

5 

Mr Ong Kok Wah 

Independent Non-Executive Director 

 

Mr Masahiko Yabuki 

Independent Non-Executive Director 

 

 

 

 

DATE OF APPOINTMENT AS DIRECTOR 

 

 

DATE OF APPOINTMENT AS DIRECTOR 

20 May 2010 

 

5 February 2018 

DATE OF LAST RE-ELECTION 

 

DATE OF LAST RE-ELECTION 

27 April 2018 

 

27 April 2018 

BOARD COMMITTEES SERVED ON 

 

BOARD COMMITTEES SERVED ON 

 

Member of Audit and Risk Management Committee 

since 5 February 2018 

 

Chairman of Audit and Risk Management Committee 

since 5 February 2018 

Chairman of Remuneration Committee since 5 

February 2018 

 

Member of Remuneration Committee since 5 

February 2018 

Chairman of Nominating Committee since 5 February 

2018 

 

Member of Nominating Committee since 5 February 

2018 

 

 

 

 

Mr Ong was re-designated as an Independent Director 

on 12 August 2010. He was later appointed as Chairman 

of the Board with effect from 1 March 2018. Mr Ong 

relinquished the chairmanship on 25 February 2021 

following the appointment of Mr Sugiono Wiyono 

Sugialam as an Executive Director and Chairman of the 

Board on the same date. 

 

Mr Ong has over 47 years of working experience in the 

marine and offshore industries. He started his career in 

the Merchant Navy with Shell Eastern Fleet, Maple Hill 

Shipping and Guan Guan Shipping. He was with the Port 

Authority of Singapore (“PSA”) from 1968 to 1975 where 

his last position was Controller (Shipping). He joined 

Chuan Hup Holdings Limited Group as a Director from 

1976 to October 2005. He was a Director with CH 

Offshore Ltd (“CHO”) for the period from 1987 to 2010, 

during which he was appointed as CEO from 2004 to 

2007. 

 

Mr Ong was a member of the American Bureau of 

Shipping’s Southeast Asia Technical Committee. He was 

a Council Member of the Singapore Shipping Association 

(“SSA”) since its inception in 1985 until 2007, where his 

last held position was Honorary Secretary. In its June 

2008 annual general meeting, SSA bestowed an 

‘Honorary Membership’ on Mr Ong and he remains as 

one of their trustees. He was also a Director on the 

Board of the Shipowners’ Mutual Protection and 

Indemnity Association (Luxembourg) from 1993 to 2017 

and was the Director of their Singapore registered 

insurance company. 

 

Mr Ong is the Independent Non-Executive Director of 

ICP Ltd and holds directorships in several private 

companies in Singapore. 

 

Mr Ong attended Nautical Studies at Singapore 

Polytechnic. He holds a Second-mate (FG) certificate 

from the Singapore Ministry of Transport. 

 

 

 

 

Mr Yabuki joined the Board of Directors on 5 February 

2018, 

bringing 

with 

him 

35 

years 

of 

business 

development experience and contacts in the APAC 

telecommunications and technology spaces. 

 

Since 2015, he has been CEO of MYNZ Co., Ltd., a 

company 

which 

focuses 

on 

consulting, 

business 

development and investments in Japan and Southeast 

Asia. Between 2015 and 2017 he was also CEO &amp; 

President of CloudMinds Japan K.K., a company 

involved in the business of connecting a broad 

ecosystem of robots and smart devices to Cloud artificial 

intelligence. 

 

Prior to his current position, Mr Yabuki worked for 

SoftBank from 2004 to 2015. His roles in SoftBank 

included Senior Vice President of Strategic Business 

Development in the CEO office for Southeast Asian 

markets and member of the Vodafone Japan acquisition 

team. He was also part of the management team of 

SoftBank Mobile, whereby he led new business 

development such as collaborations with Disney Mobile 

and other foreign partners. Concurrently, he was also 

President of Mobile Planning Corp., a subsidiary of 

SoftBank which focused on mobile TV planning. 

 

Earlier in his career Mr Yabuki served as Director and 

Country Manager of UTStarcom Japan K.K. between 

2001 and 2004. He was the first employee of UTStarcom 

in Japan and was given the mission to establish the 

company and business in the market. During his tenure, 

one of Mr Yabuki’s key achievements was to secure 

business with SoftBank, through Asymmetric Digital 

Subscriber Line (ADSL) core equipment sales for the 

Yahoo! BB broadband service, digital access equipment, 

fiber transmission equipment and Gigabit Passive Optical 

Networks (G-PON) for Fiber To The Home (FTTH) 

project. 

 

Mr Yabuki began his career in Kanematsu Corporation, 

where he worked between 1982 and 2001. He was 

responsible for the business development of electric 

power and telecommunications projects in Asia. Towards 

the end of his career in Kanematsu Corporation, he was 

promoted to General Manager. 

 

Mr Yabuki holds a degree in Economics from the Kobe 

University of Commerce, Japan. 

 

 

 

 


BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

 

6 

 

Ms Evy Soenarjo 

Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 

 

Ms Diana Airin 

Independent Non-Executive Director 

 

 

 

 

DATE OF APPOINTMENT AS DIRECTOR 

 

 

DATE OF APPOINTMENT AS DIRECTOR 

 8 April 2020 

 

 8 April 2020 

DATE OF LAST RE-ELECTION 

 

DATE OF LAST RE-ELECTION 

28 May 2020 

 

28 May 2020 

BOARD COMMITTEES SERVED ON 

 

BOARD COMMITTEES SERVED ON 

Member of Audit and Risk Management Committee 

since 8 April 2020 

Member of Remuneration Committee since 8 April 2020 

 

Member of Audit and Risk Management Committee since 

8 April 2020 

Member of Remuneration Committee since 8 April 2020 

 

 

Member of Nominating Committee since 8 April 2020 

 

Ms Soenarjo joined the Board of Directors of Polaris Ltd. 

on 8 April 2020. She brings with her 25 years of broad 

business experiences across industries and functional 

roles, including Indonesia-listed company directorships. 

 

Since 2019, Ms Soenarjo has worked as an entrepreneur, 

pursuing her interests in online business, with a focus on 

branded preloved luxury goods in the Indonesian market. 

 

Between 1997 and 2019, Ms Soenarjo was working in the 

telecom industry. She started out in PT. Trikomsel Oke Tbk 

as finance &amp; accounting manager and moved on to be part 

of the team developing the OkeShop retail business. She 

was promoted to Vice President and later appointed as a 

director in 2001. She managed retail operations and 

principal 

relationships, 

but 

also 

handled 

various 

assignments and responsibilities across the company. 

These included human resources, training, legal &amp; general 

affairs, finance and accounting, as well as product and 

services business development for the OkeShop Network. 

 

In 2011 she joined PT Global Teleshop, a premium mobile 

phone retailer in Indonesia, where she managed the 

operations and led the company’s IPO process. Upon 

successfully becoming a public listed company in 2012, Ms 

Soenarjo was promoted to President Director and left the 

company in 2016.In 2013, PT Trikomsel Oke Tbk, after 

taking a majority shareholding in PT. Global Teleshop Tbk, 

combined the retail operations, while the retail brands of 

OkeShop and Global Teleshop remained. She left her 

second stint as a director running operations and principal 

relationships in PT Trikomsel Oke Tbk in 2019. 

 

She started out her career in 1995 at PT Tamindo 

Permaiglass, where she held finance and accounting roles 

until 1997.  

 

Ms Soenarjo holds a Bachelors Degree of Economics from 

the University of Satya Wacana Salatiga in Indonesia. 

 

 

Ms Airin joined the Board of Directors on 8 April 2020. She 

brings with her 25 years of business experiences in auto 

financing, banking, offline and online media, with a focus on 

sales and marketing. She has held several c-suite positions, 

including an Indonesia-listed company directorship.  

 

In 2019, Ms Airin became an entrepreneur for the second time 

in her career and started PT Konsultan Strategi Penjualan 

(Wisdom Crowd) and Sambalauko, a business in her personal 

name. She is the founder of both. The former does digital 

activations for millennials and is also an event organiser. The 

latter is in the food and beverage space, producing and 

distributing pre-cooked condiments.  

 

She is a 20-year veteran of the media industry. Most recently, 

she was Managing director PT Benten Media Global Televisi 

(MYTV) and set up the channel from scratch, which eventually 

grew to a team of 125 people. The channel was the first of its 

kind in Indonesia, focusing on empowering women through 

lifestyle content. She established the sales, marketing, human 

resources, and programming teams.  

 

In 2017 and 2018, she was chief commercial officer for PT 

Kapanlagi Network, an Indonesian online media player with a 

large portfolio of websites targeting millennials.  

 

Between 2009 and 2017, Ms Airin held senior roles across the 

PT Media Nusantara Citra Tbk (MNC) Group, covering print, 

radio, online and TV. She started out as a sales and 

marketing director. Other positions included being CEO of 

Sindo Media, Deputy CEO of PT MNC Okezone Network 

(OkeZone.com) and PT MNC Televisi Network (iNews TV), 

with the most recent role being Director at PT Media 

Nusantara Citra Tbk, the listed holding company.   

 

Prior to this, she ran Prima Ad, a company she owned, for four 

years. They published a priority customer magazine for a bank 

and monetized it via ad-sales. Prima Ad was the first agency 

in the market to run a bank customer magazine on an 

outsourced basis. Between 2001 and 2006, Ms Airin was 

General Manager for sales &amp; marketing at PT. Citra Media 

Nusa Purnama (Media Indonesia) and PT. Media Televisi 

Indonesia (Metro TV). She started out her media career at 

Kompas Gramedia newspaper in 2000 as Vice General 

Manager, sales and marketing. 

 

Her early ambition was to make a career in the banking 

industry and started out at PT Federal International Finance, 

part of Astra International, in 1995 and then moved on to PT 

Bank HSBC Indonesia where she worked for 2.5 years. 

 

Ms Airin holds a Bachelors Degree of Economics from 

Tarumanagara University in Indonesia. 

 

 


CORPORATE PROFILE 

 

7 

Polaris Ltd. (“Polaris” or the “Company”) is a Singapore-based investment holding company and is listed on the 

Catalist Board of the SGX-ST. Polaris is active in the distribution and retail of smart mobile devices in Southeast 

Asia, customer service operations in Singapore and lifestyle products sales in Asia and North America, with 

extensive operations in Singapore. 

 

The Group is organised into business units based on its products and services. 

 

The distribution segment engages in the distribution of consumer electronics, mobile communication devices and 

accessories for leading brands. The consumer electronics segment engages in the retail and corporate sales and 

services of IT and related products in Singapore. It offers a wide range of electronic products and services from 

reputable brands such as Apple. The customer service business segment provides after-market services to end 

consumers for equipment repairs and technical services in Singapore. The lifestyle products sales  business 

segment operates trading, wholesale, B2B and retail of premium pre-owned lifestyle products across Asia and 

The United States of America. The corporate segment is involved in Group-level corporate services, treasury 

functions and investment in marketable securities. It is also involved in strategic investment and joint venture 

opportunities to synergise and complement the Group’s existing offerings, such as the entry into the lifestyle 

products sales business.  

 

Polaris’s purpose of existence is to enable and enhance connection and services for people in Singapore and 

beyond. We aim to be the brightest provider of connection devices and services and lifestyle products, and to 

serve with a caring touch. Going forward, Polaris is embarking on a path to develop and pursue businesses that 

are sustainability related. 

 

We will be the brightest provider by: 

 

• 

Guiding our customers to make choices that will enhance their lives and businesses. 

• 

Being sought after by Stakeholders by being a transparent and professional organisation. 

 

We will deliver with a caring touch by: 

 

• 

Providing thoughtful service to our customers. 

• 

Creating mutually beneficial relationships with our partners and investors. 

• 

Creating a work environment for our employees where trust, happiness and satisfaction can thrive. 

 

Polaris strongly believes and practices six core values: 

 

• 

Trust – We are reliable, honest and always deliver what we promise. 

• 

Simplicity – We strive to be clear and meaningful in all that we do. 

• 

Young at heart – We approach our work with a creative, open-minded and positive attitude. 

• 

Caring touch – We treat our people, customers, partners and shareholders with respect, kindness and 

sincerity. 

• 

Innovation – We innovate with solution(s) when we face challenges and to run our businesses efficiently 

with productivity.  

• 

Sustainability – We love and care for our planet and will conduct our business in a sustainable manner. 

 

 


CORPORATE STRUCTURE 

 

8 

 

 

 

 

 

Corporate Structure as at 31 December 2020. 

For further information, please refer to the Notes to the Financial Statements. 

Polaristitans Philippines Inc. is an asset held for sale. 

 

 

Polaris Ltd.

Polaris Device Pte. 

Ltd.

Polaris Explorer Pte. 

Ltd.

Polaristitans 

Philippines Inc.

Marque Luxury Pte. 

Ltd. (Singapore)

Marque Luxury Korea 

Co., Ltd. (Korea)

Marque Luxury 

America LLC (Nevada, 

USA)

MLuxury Nevada LLC 

(Nevada, USA)

MLuxury Texas LLC 

(Texas, USA)

Marque Luxury 

(Thailand) Co., Ltd 

(Thailand)

Connectic-Enterprises 

Inc. (Philippines)

Polaris Network Pte. 

Ltd.



100% 



100% 



100% 



51% 



40% 



100% 



49% Options to buy 2% at USD 1 



100% 



51% 



51% 



50% 


CORPORATE INFORMATION 

 

9 

 

Board of Directors 

 

Mr Sugiono Wiyono Sugialam 

Executive Director &amp; Chairman 

 

Mr Soennerstedt Carl Johan Pontus 

Executive Director &amp; CEO 

 

Mr Ong Kok Wah 

Independent Non-Executive Director 

 

Mr Masahiko Yabuki 

Independent Non-Executive Director 

 

Ms Diana Airin 

Independent Non-Executive Director 

 

Ms Evy Soenarjo 

Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 

 

Audit and Risk Management Committee 

 

Mr Masahiko Yabuki 

Chairman 

 

Mr Ong Kok Wah 

 

Ms Diana Airin 

 

Ms Evy Soenarjo  

 

Remuneration Committee 

 

Mr Ong Kok Wah 

Chairman 

 

Mr Masahiko Yabuki 

 

Ms Diana Airin 

 

Ms Evy Soenarjo 

 

Nominating Committee 

 

Mr Ong Kok Wah 

Chairman 

 

Mr Masahiko Yabuki 

 

Ms Diana Airin 

 

Mr Soennerstedt Carl Johan Pontus 

 

Mr Sugiono Wiyono Sugialam 

 

Company Secretary 

 

Ms Yang Lin 

 

Registered Office 

 

81 Ubi Avenue 4 

#03-11 UB.One 

Singapore 408830 

Tel: +65 6309 9088 

Fax: + 65 6305 0489 

Website: www.wearepolaris.sg 

Email: info@wearepolaris.com 

 

Solicitor 

 

Morgan Lewis Stamford LLC 

10 Collyer Quay 

#27-00 Ocean Financial Centre  

Singapore 049315 

 

Continuing Sponsor 

 

Stamford Corporate Services Pte. Ltd. 

10 Collyer Quay 

#27-00 Ocean Financial Centre  

Singapore 049315 

 

Share Registrar 

 

M&amp;C Services Private Limited 

112 Robinson Road 

#05-01 

Singapore 068902 

 

Independent Auditor 

 

Moore Stephens LLP 

10 Anson Road 

#29-15 International Plaza 

Singapore 079903 

Partner-in-charge: Mr Neo Keng Jin  

(Appointed since financial year ended 31 December 2020) 

 

 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

 

 

10 

 

INTRODUCTION 

 

Polaris is pleased to present its fourth annual Sustainability Report. The report captures Polaris’s sustainability 

efforts, performance and strategies over the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”). This report 

includes the environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) performance for our business operations in 

Singapore and excludes overseas operations unless stated otherwise.  

This report has been prepared in accordance with the latest Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Sustainability 

Reporting Guidelines: Core options. We have chosen GRI as our sustainability reporting framework as it is 

internationally recognized and widely adopted, enabling us to disclose our ESG performance in a comprehensive 

and comparable manner. The GRI Content Index and the relevant references are provided on pages 19-21 of the 

report. Information presented in this report has been extracted from primary internal records and documents to 

ensure accuracy. The Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board” or “Directors”) oversees the management 

and monitoring of the Group’s strategic direction, its policies and material ESG factors. 

 

 

REPORTING PRINCIPLES  

 

We have followed the GRI principles for defining the sustainability report content and quality. We have prepared 

the report having considered stakeholder inclusiveness, Polaris’s sustainability context, materiality and 

completeness. To ensure quality of the report, we have applied the GRI principles of accuracy, balance, clarity, 

comparability, reliability and timeliness in preparing this report.  

 

 

REPORTING PROCESS  

 

Polaris’s Sustainability Committee (the “Committee”), which includes key members of management and executive 

directors, provides the overall major direction for preparing the report. The Committee’s responsibilities include 

reviewing, assessing and determining the sustainability context, material ESG topics, report content and topic 

boundaries, as well as the scope and prioritisation of issues (against the risks and opportunities we face) to be 

included in the report. The Committee takes into consideration formal and informal feedback received throughout 

the year from a range of internal and external stakeholders to determine the most relevant material topics to be 

covered in the report. 

 

 

REPORTING CYCLE  

 

Our reporting cycle begins with a review of the Company’s ESG factors and material topics and their context in 

light of business environment changes and stakeholder feedback. 

 

 

FEEDBACK  

 

We welcome feedback from all stakeholders. Please send questions, comments, suggestions or feedback 

relating to this report or our sustainability performance to ir@wearepolaris.com. 

 

 

INTERNAL ASSURANCE  

 

We relied on our internal review processes in verifying the accuracy of our ESG performance data and the 

information presented in the report. Such internal review processes include a review by our internal auditors, 

Ardent Business Advisory Pte. Ltd., and a concurrent review by Management. 

 

 

 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

 

 

11 

PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS 

 

The table below represents a selection of metrics that we track within the organization. These metrics have been 

selected because they reflect the direct impact of our operations on people and the environment. We review our 

metrics regularly to ensure that we capture the information needed to improve our performance. Going forward, 

we aim to broaden our performance metrics where necessary and possible. 

 

Strategic Area 

 

 

 

FY2019 

 

FY2020 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

Total CO2e emissions (tonnes) 

65 

51 

Carbon emission intensity per onsite repair job (Tonnes CO2e) 

0.0023 

0.0032 

Total Energy used (gigajoules) 

404 

366 

Energy Intensity per square metre (gigajoules) 

0.280 

0.253 

Water Consumption (cubic metres) 

246.1 

159.40 

 

PEOPLE 

Permanent Employees 

94% 

96% 

Local Employees (Singapore Citizen + Permanent Residents) 

86% 

89% 

Female Employees 

41% 

38% 

Male Employees 

59% 

62% 

 

SUPPLIERS 

Share of local suppliers as % of total supplier payments 

99.3% 

99.3% 

Proportion of local suppliers 

90.7% 

95.1% 

 

 

PRIVACY AND DATA SECURITY 

 

Ensuring the security and confidentiality of our database and customer information is of utmost importance to us. 

At Polaris, we are committed to protecting the personal information of our customers. We have implemented a 

strict Personal Data Protection Policy and will take any necessary measures to protect our customer’s personal 

data. Customer’s privacy is important to us and we are bound by the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 

(“PDPA”). We regularly review our customer privacy and data protection processes to ensure compliance.  

 

As Polaris operates retail stores under Apple and Dyson Customer Service Centres, we strictly follow and adhere 

to their personal data protection policies and procedures. 

 

Our detailed Personal Data Protection Policy is available on the WeArePolaris website at the URL: 

www.wearepolaris.sg and the Polarisepp website at the URL: www.epp.wearepolaris.sg. 

 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

 

 

12 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

At Polaris, we develop our sustainability strategy by collecting feedback from stakeholders on issues that are 

material to them and our business. We have identified our stakeholders based on importance, responsibility, 

dependency and proximity. We view stakeholder engagement as an ongoing process and not a one-off event. We 

adopt both formal and informal channels of communication to understand the needs of key stakeholders, and 

incorporate these into our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships. 

 

We continuously seek to improve communication with our stakeholders and consider their inputs and feedback in 

our business strategy. This helps us to develop better trust and understanding with our stakeholders and 

strengthens our partnership as well. As a result of such communication and engagement with our stakeholders, 

we have identified their respective key concerns as detailed below. 

 

Stakeholder 

Key Concern of 

Stakeholders 

Communication Channel 

Our Strategy 

Shareholders 

&amp; Investors 

• 

Transparency  

• 

Timely communication of 

information regarding 

company progress and 

project status  

• 

Profitability 

• 

Virtual meetings (e.g. 

virtual annual general 

meeting) 

• 

Email correspondence 

• 

 

• 

Engaging Stakeholders at 

general meetings and through 

emails 

• 

Communication through 

announcements on SGXNET 

and on our Company website 

Employees  

• 

Diversity and equal 

opportunities  

• 

Training and career 

development 

• 

Employment benefits 

• 

Employee health and 

safety 

• 

Reporting systems 

• 

Virtual meetings 

• 

Manage work environment  

• 

Review employment benefits 

• 

Implement appropriate safe 

distancing measures amid 

COVID-19 

Customers 

• 

Product / service quality  

• 

Safety of products  

• 

Provision of correct 

product information  

• 

Transparent 

communication 

• 

Customer health and 

safety 

• 

Call centres  

• 

Social media 

communications  

• 

Retail stores 

• 

Email correspondence  

• 

Customer satisfaction 

surveys conducted by 

external organizations 

• 

Provide accurate product 

information  

• 

Source for and respond to 

customer feedback and queries 

• 

Implement appropriate safe 

distancing measures amid 

COVID-19 to minimise the risk 

of infection 

Suppliers 

• 

Compliance with terms and 

conditions of prevailing 

purchasing policies and 

procedures 

• 

Appropriate costs 

• 

Quotations 

• 

Request for proposals 

• 

Email correspondence 

• 

Teleconferences 

• 

Establish policies and practices 

that ensure fair selection and 

procurement processes, ethical 

business practices, and respect 

for contractual obligations 

Resellers / 

Distributors 

• 

Timely delivery 

• 

Quality assurance 

• 

After-sales support 

• 

Strong collaboration 

• 

Good customer experience 

• 

Shop visits when 

necessary 

• 

Email correspondence 

• 

Virtual meetings 

• 

Proactive sales planning  

• 

Providing sales/marketing 

support 

 

Business 

Partners 

• 

Partnerships for business 

growth and opportunities 

• 

Frequent discussions 

• 

Teleconferences 

• 

Email correspondence 

• 

Work with reputable company 

partners 

• 

Source for potential 

collaboration opportunities with 

more partners 

Government &amp; 

Regulators 

• 

Adherence to applicable 

laws and regulations 

• 

Prompt resolution of issues 

/ instances of non-

compliance 

• 

Reporting of any service 

issues as required by 

regulators 

• 

Discussions with relevant 

agencies and 

departments 

• 

Comply with applicable laws 

and regulations 

• 

Putting in place policies and 

procedures to ensure 

compliance 

• 

Strict adherence to Safe 

Management Measures 

requirements 

Media 

• 

Ready access to company 

developments and news 

• 

New products / services / 

entertainment and related 

content 

• 

Invitations to media 

events 

• 

Providing timely and accurate 

information on product releases 

 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

 

 

13 

OUR MATERIALITY TOPICS 

 

We have identified material topics for reporting based on the significance of our ESG and economic impacts, the 

risks and opportunities involved, and the degree of influence where we see the most potential for creating value 

for our shareholders and stakeholders. In order to ensure an accurate determination of material ESG issues amid 

the pandemic, we undertook a process of identification, prioritisation and validation of stakeholder concerns and 

issues with our management team in order to align with the shift in stakeholder requirements. We are also 

working on our risk assessment policy in respect of our sustainability strategies and operations, and are 

considering various options to improve in our efforts to develop a more comprehensive policy going forward. For 

more information on how we manage risks, please refer to the section entitled “Risk Management and Internal 

Controls” on page 18 of the Annual Report. 

 

Each sustainability factor is assigned a reporting priority that determines the actions required, as illustrated below: 

 

Description 

Criteria 

High 

Factors with high reporting priority are reported in detail. 

Medium 

Factors with medium reporting priority are considered for inclusion in the Report.  

Low 

Factors with low reporting priority may be reported to fulfil regulatory requirements.  

 

A summary of Polaris’s material ESG and economic issues, our mission, where the impact occurs and the 

corresponding time horizons, and our involvement in respect of such impacts is presented in the table below. A 

more detailed discussion on the material topics, including the management approach, will be covered in the 

respective chapters of this report. 

 

Material Issues 

Mission 

Prioritization 

of Topics 

Where impact occurs 

/ Time horizons 

Polaris 

Involvement 

ENVIRONMENT 

Energy Efficiency 

Lower ecological footprint 

and reduced energy cost 

High 

Within Organization 

and Environment / 

Long term 

Direct 

Climate 

Change 

and 

Carbon 

Emission 

Lower carbon footprint 

High 

Within Organization 

and Environment / 

Long term 

Direct 

Waste 

minimisation 

Lower pollution 

Medium 

Within Organization 

and Environment / 

Long term 

Direct 

SOCIAL 

 

 

 

 

Talent 

Attraction 

and Retention 

Increase company morale, 

gives employees a sense of 

pride, lower turnover rate 

and reduce hiring costs, 

create employee satisfaction 

High 

Within Organization 

and Community / Short 

to Medium term 

Direct 

Training and 

Education 

Increase productivity, grow 

and nurture employees, 

innovative problem-solving, 

strengthen skills and 

knowledge 

High 

Within Organization 

and Community / Short 

to Medium term 

Direct 

Diversity and 

Equal Opportunity 

Create an inclusive and non-

discriminating environment 

Medium 

Within Organization 

and Community / Long 

term 

Direct 

Marketing and 

Labelling 

To uphold the highest 

standards of professional 

values and integrity and 

build trust with customers 

through transparency 

Medium 

Within Organization, 

Customers, 

Distributors and 

Suppliers / Short to 

Medium term 

Direct  

Occupational 

Health and Safety 

To ensure a COVID-19-safe 

workplace, and to minimise 

the risk of infection 

High 

Within Organization 

and Employees / Long 

term 

Direct 

Community 

Development and 

Employee 

Volunteering 

Greater employee 

engagement, enhance job 

satisfaction, stronger 

community engagement 

Low 

Within Organization, 

Customers and 

Community / Short to 

Medium term 

Direct &amp; 

Indirect 

Customer 

Health 

and Safety 

Improve safe management 

practices and build stronger 

brand equity and value 

High 

Within Organization, 

Customers and 

Community / Long 

term 

Direct 

 

 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

 

 

14 

 

ECONOMIC 

Anti-corruption 

Uphold and adhere to 

Group’s zero tolerance 

policy towards fraud, 

corruption and unethical 

conduct 

High 

Within Organization, 

Communities and 

Investors / Long term 

Direct 

Procurement 

Practices 

To continuously support 

local suppliers 

Medium 

Within Organization, 

Suppliers, Distributors, 

Investors / Long term 

Direct 

GOVERNANCE 

Board Diversity 

Holistic guidance to the 

Company 

High 

Within Organization 

and Investors / Long 

term 

Direct 

Risk Management 

and Internal 

Controls 

Effective risk taking and risk 

management, aligned with 

the organization’s business 

objectives  

High 

Within Organization 

and Investors / Long 

term 

Direct 

Whistle-blowing 

Policy 

Mitigate business risks and 

Fraud prevention 

High 

Within Organization 

and Investors Long 

term 

Direct 

 

 

OUR ENVIRONMENTAL EFFORTS 

 

Carbon Emissions 

 

We believe in progressively reducing our organization’s carbon footprint by improving energy efficiency and 

minimising energy consumption. Polaris’s greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emission is attributed to the use of electricity, 

diesel and petrol. In FY2020, our emission intensity was calculated at 0.0032 tonnes CO2e per onsite repair 

(FY2019: 0.0023 tonnes CO2e per onsite repair). 

 

Energy Efficiency 

 

Our management approach is to conserve energy consumption in our daily operations. Electricity that is used to 

power our office buildings and retail outlets has contributed to the majority of our energy consumption. Other 

notable consumption components include petroleum or diesel that is used for transportation and logistics. 

 

Compared to FY2019, our total energy consumption in FY2020 has dropped by 9.54%. This is largely owing to 

the circuit breaker measures which were implemented in Singapore between 7 April 2020 and 1 June 2020 and 

which caused all non-essential businesses (including our retail stores) to close. 

 

A comparison chart in respect of our energy consumption for FY2019 and FY2020 is depicted in Figure 1 as 

shown below: 

 

 

 

 

0

20000

40000

60000

80000

100000

120000

140000

160000

FY2019

FY2020

Energy Consumption (kWh)

HQ

Retail &amp; Services

Figure 1 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

 

 

15 

Waste Minimisation 

 

Our management approach is to reduce, reuse and recycle waste wherever possible throughout our daily 

operations. Waste from our operations includes paper and packaging waste. Over the years, Polaris has 

implemented several initiatives to reduce printed marketing materials.  

 

During FY2020, amid the COVID-19 pandemic, we have been actively monitoring government policies and 

making arrangements to comply with the applicable regulations whilst minimising any impact on our business 

operations. Fortunately, the operations of our Dyson service centre were not greatly affected by the government 

policies in place. As our Dyson service centre was approved as an essential services provider during the Circuit 

Breaker period, our service centre continued normal operations throughout. The Dyson customer contact centre 

was also permitted to continue its operations, with agents placed on a Work-From-Home arrangement.  

 

Only on-site services were stopped during the Circuit Breaker period so as to safeguard our Field Service 

Engineers from unnecessary health risks. This resulted in less on-site repairs and a reduction in fuel usage as our 

Field Service Engineers were not required to commute, and this translated into a reduction in e-waste (which 

would otherwise be generated during repairs) as well as lower carbon emissions. With our Dyson customer 

contact centre agents working from home, it also meant lower electricity consumption and reduced carbon 

emissions as well. 

 

As with FY2018 and FY2019, we have continued with our recycling process for Dyson parts. Recycling greatly 

reduces the emission of many greenhouse gases and water pollutants, which are often by-products of waste 

disposal and destruction, and saves energy. These parts, which consist of Printer Circuit Boards (PCBs), motors 

and electrical cables extracted from fans and vacuums, are consolidated on a monthly basis and recycled by 

separating them into e-waste, plastics and metal from general waste. This process helps to reduce the pollution 

otherwise caused by the extraction and processing of virgin materials. Also, when products are made using 

recycled rather than virgin materials, less energy is used during manufacturing, and fewer pollutants are emitted. 

We also practice the proper disposal of waste by separating the faulty parts (which cannot be recycled 

meaningfully) and having them disposed of by a credible disposal company. All disposals will be completed with a 

certificate of destruction issued by the said disposal company. 

 

 

OUR WORKPLACE 

 

Polaris practices fair employment and is aligned with the Tripartite Alliance for Fair Employment guidelines. Our 

human resource policies are aimed at providing a fair performance-based work culture that is diverse, inclusive 

and collaborative. We also encourage our people to reach their fullest potential and provide them with a fulfilling 

and meaningful career. 

 

As at 31 December 2020, our workforce consists of 53 employees. Permanent employees represented 96% of 

the total headcount. Employees with managerial or supervisory roles accounted for 25% of our workforce. 

 

To ensure that our workplaces are COVID-19-safe, Polaris put in place a system of Safe Management measures 

since the commencement of the COVID-19 Circuit Breaker on 7 April 2020. A range of safe distancing measures 

have been implemented at our headquarters, service centre and retail shop. More details on this will be 

discussed in the following sections.  

 

Talent Attraction and Retention 

 

We believe investing in our people is crucial to the success of our business. We manage our human capital 

investment by attracting and nurturing the right talent, as well as caring for their professional growth and personal 

well-being during their employment with us. This can be attested by Polaris’s low staff attrition rate. 

 

In FY2020, we continued to leverage on our partnership with the Institute of Technical Education (ITE) to support 

work-study programmes, providing traineeship opportunities to students as part of their course modules. This 

programme is designed to prepare students for the future workforce by equipping them with employable, real-

world skills and experiences, whilst allowing them to complete their studies.  

 

Polaris conducts annual performance appraisals and quarterly career development reviews for our employees as 

part of the performance management system. Managers are equipped with relevant skills to conduct effective 

performance appraisals with their teams.  

 

 

 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

 

 

16 

Training and Education 

 

At Polaris, we encourage continuous self-development and aim to provide all employees with equal opportunities 

for training and upgrading. We believe that learning and training opportunities are important, and that self-

development is a continuous and life-long process so that employees are equipped with the competencies 

needed to meet current and future business needs. This includes workshops, seminars, conferences, in-house 

company trainings and on-the-job training.  

 

The COVID-19 pandemic has triggered an abrupt transition to distance education, training and e-learning. It has 

also resulted in massive shifts to online platforms and tools for the continued delivery of learning and skills 

development. With the changes in customer buying behaviours as a result of the pandemic, Polaris has shifted 

direction to invest heavily in digital marketing and e-commerce. A Facebook Marketing (Live Streaming) course 

was arranged for our employees to help and add value in respect of executing sales for the Company. Through 

this, our employees were able to learn on how to start a livestream, how to prepare the content, track campaign 

performance and set up Facebook advertisements. We believe that such courses and opportunities will allow 

them to undertake a greater variety of work and be better able to implement and realise specific goals outlined in 

a company's business plan. This, in turn, allows the Company to be cost-effective, increasing credibility and 

expertise as well as improving the job satisfaction of our employees, and creates a competitive edge in the 

market. 

 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

 

We believe that creating a diverse workplace environment is essential to building and sustaining our competitive 

advantage. Such diversity fosters innovative thinking and helps tackle business challenges through different 

perspectives by enhancing our team’s capacity for breadth of input, risk alertness and responsiveness to change. 

 

Moreover, we strive to offer equal opportunities in hiring, career advancements, promotions and remuneration 

based on merit and experience irrespective of gender, age, racial, ethnic or cultural background. Female 

employees account for 38% of our total workforce. 

 

Marketing and Labelling 

 

Polaris recognises that fair marketing practices and being transparent in the way we communicate can build trust 

and loyalty among our customers, partners and suppliers. We adhere to strict marketing codes to ensure that all 

marketing activities comply with the various laws and guidelines such as the Singapore Code of Advertising 

Practice, the Info-communications Media Development Authority’s Codes of Practice and Guidelines, and the 

PDPA. 

 

In FY2020, we have not identified any non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning 

information and labelling, or marketing communications including advertising, promotion and sponsorships in 

relation to products and services that we offer.  

 

Moving forward, we strive to maintain the quality of our products and services as well as retail and distribution 

channels by choosing the right type of products and services to fit our business model. Quality checks will also be 

continuously deployed by our staff to ensure compliance with applicable regulations relating to marketing and 

labelling in the markets we operate. 

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

 

Polaris takes an interest in our employees’ financial security, health and safety. Even as our headquarters, 

service centre and retail store reduced their operational hours in view of the pandemic, Polaris is committed to 

paying employees at the same rate as before, even as demand for our services slows down.  

 

In terms of health and safety, we have implemented safe distancing measures at all our workplace premises, 

which include reducing the need for and duration of physical interactions. We encourage our employees to work 

from home and implemented a split team arrangement to further reduce the number of workers who have to 

physically be present at the workplace, so that there will be less movement and interaction of people, which will 

curb any potential spread of COVID-19. No more than 50% of employees who are able to work from home will be 

allowed at the workplace at any one time. In addition, employees as well as our suppliers and customers who 

enter our workplace premises are required to conduct temperature screenings and digital check-ins and check-

outs by using the SafeEntry or TraceTogether applications to facilitate contact tracing efforts in response to the 

COVID-19 pandemic in Singapore.  

 

 

 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

 

 

17 

Local Community 

 

Over the years, we encourage our employees to participate in community and environmental initiatives through 

volunteering, and supported several community initiatives. However, due to COVID-19, we unfortunately could 

not pursue our usual corporate social responsibility (CSR) activities in FY2020 in order to limit close contact 

among individuals. Moving forward, we are excited and committed to doing our part to serve and contribute to our 

society so as to improve the lives of others and foster camaraderie amongst our employees and a sense of giving 

back, thereby improving working relationships. As such, we are fully intent on planning such meaningful CSR 

activities in the current financial year subject to the status of the COVID-19 pandemic and applicable safe 

distancing regulations. 

 

Customer Health and Safety 

 

In order to minimise the risk of a re-emergence of COVID-19 in the community, Polaris implemented crowd and 

queue management systems such as using floor markers to demarcate queue lines for customers at cashier 

counters, limiting the number of customers in the retail store and ensuring at least 1-metre safe distancing 

between customers. These measures are intended to reduce crowding and long queues within the premises. All 

our employees and customers are also required to have their mask on at all times on our premises. Our 

management team has also come up with a schedule of staggered working hours to further reduce the number of 

staff physically present on our premises at any one time and to minimise the risk of transmission among staff. 

 

We also adopt regular cleaning and sanitization procedures for frequently-touched surfaces to protect our 

customers and employees. 

 

 

OUR ECONOMY 

 

Our management approach is to create value for our shareholders and stakeholders by ensuring sustainable 

growth of our businesses. We are focused on adopting strategies that maximise shareholder returns while 

creating environmental, social and economic value for our stakeholders. In 2019, the Company entered the resale 

space of premium lifestyle products, riding the global trend of increased interest in preloved goods. 

 

We regularly review our management approach in view of the business goals, stakeholder expectations and the 

actual performance of the Group. 

 

Anti-Corruption  

 

Polaris adheres to a zero-tolerance policy on fraud and unethical conduct including corruption and bribery. A 

whistle-blowing process is in place and supported. There was no reported incident of corruption in the reporting 

period. 

 

Procurement Governance 

 

Polaris adopts a fair business trading framework and procures from suppliers who conduct business ethically. 

 

With the extensive variety and range of products to procure from different sectors of suppliers, we have stringent 

procurement processes in place to ensure good corporate governance and compliance with anti-bribery and 

corruption rules and regulations. Our multi-tiered approval process ensures that each level of approval will take 

into consideration the suppliers’ capabilities, consistency, product quality, reliability and price to ensure that we 

are operating within high ethical standards. 

 

Our procured products and supplies are from brands which the business units are representing, such as Apple, 

Dyson and MakeBlock, and other suppliers for products such as computer accessories, lifestyle and audio 

devices. 

 

We encourage and support local businesses. In FY2020, our total purchase spending was approximately $22 

million, a decrease of 39% from the preceding year. This is mainly due to the COVID-19 pandemic which had a 

major impact on company sales and our financial performance. Out of our 388 vendors, only 16 were from 

overseas import and we represent 2 of the brands as its distributor in Singapore. Purchases from these overseas 

vendors comprised 0.75% of our total purchases in FY2020. 

 

We work actively to combat corruption in all of its forms, which includes bribery, unfair competition, conflicts of 

interest, fraud, embezzlement and unlawful kickbacks. Our senior management lead by example and aim to 

foster a workplace culture with zero-tolerance for bribery, fraud, embezzlement and unlawful kickbacks. In 

addition, our HR department is tasked with overseeing the policy because they are aware of relevant employee-

related legislation in terms of unfair competition and conflicts of interest. Relevant details are highlighted in the 

letter of appointment for new employees. 

 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

 

 

18 

 

All procurement is processed through our Enterprise Resource Planning system with its multi-tiered approval 

process, whereby up to three levels of approving officers are required to approve and sign off on the issuing of 

Purchase Orders in the system. This is to address conflicts of interest and ensure the correct latest purchase 

price, as illustrated in the diagram below. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

As an integral part of supply chain management, we diligently sort out the delivered goods packaging and ensure 

that they are disposed of in an environmentally-responsible manner. 

 

Going forward, we are looking at improving our warehousing and storage spaces to ensure better workplace 

safety and health. 

 

 

OUR GOVERNANCE 

 

Polaris practices high standards of corporate governance and recognises the importance of good corporate 

governance and the offering of high standards of accountability to shareholders. 

 

Board Diversity 

 

The Board recognises that board diversity is an important element which will better support the Company’s 

achievement of its strategic objectives for sustainable development by enhancing the decision-making process of 

the Board through varied perspectives, skills, experience, gender, age, knowledge and professional qualifications. 

 

Risk Management and Internal Controls 

 

The Company’s internal auditors conduct an annual review of the effectiveness of the Company’s material 

internal controls, including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls, and a risk 

assessment at least annually to ensure the adequacy of the same.  

 

Whistle-blowing Policy 

 

The Company, with the advice of the Audit and Risk Management Committee, has put in place a “whistleblowing” 

process and has formulated the guidelines for a Whistle-Blowing Policy for the Group. For more information on 

the whistle-blowing process, please refer to our Whistle-Blowing Policy as described on page 37 in the Corporate 

Governance section of this Annual Report. 

 

 

 

Sales Team

• Fill in the 

request form 

for goods 

needed and 

submit to 

admin 

logistics

Admin Logistic

• Input detail of 

goods request 

into Globe 3 

system

Requester

• Provide data 

of goods 

availability 

• Confirmation 

with supplier

• Approve 

request

Submit

Approver 1 (S$1 

up to $250K)

• Review 

profitability

• Review 

inventory turn 

over

• Approve 

request

• Submit to 

logistic admin 

for PO 

issuance

Submit

Approver 2 

(Above S$250K)

• Approve PO

• Submit to 

approver 1 

and logistic 

admin for PO 

issuance

PO issuance 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

 

 

19 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

‘In accordance’ – Core 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference 

General Disclosure 

GRI 102: Organizational Profile  

102-1 

Name of the organization 

Pg 7, Corporate Profile 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

102-4 

Location of operations 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

102-6 

Markets served 

102-7 

Scale of the organization 

Pg 15, Our Workplace 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

102-9 

Supply Chain 

Pg 17, Our Economy 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

GRI 102: Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from Senior Decision-maker 

Pg 2-3, Letter to 

Shareholders 

102-15 

Key impacts, risks and opportunities 

GRI 102: Ethics and integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

Pg 7, Corporate Profile 

GRI 102: Governance 

102-18 

Governance Structure 

Pg 22, Corporate 

Governance 

GRI 102: Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 

List of Stakeholder groups 

Pg 12, Stakeholder 

Engagement 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

102-43 

Approach to Stakeholder engagement 

102-44 

Key Topics and concerns raised 

GRI 102: Reporting Practice 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Pg 97-98, Composition of 

the Group 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Pg 13-14, Our Materiality 

Topics 

102-47 

List of material topics 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Pg 10, Reporting Process 

102-50 

Reporting period 

Pg 10, Introduction 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Pg 10, Reporting Cycle 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Pg 10, Feedback 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

Pg 10, Introduction 

102-55 

GRI Content Index  

Pg 19-21, GRI Content 

Index 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

 

 

20 

102-56 

Internal Assurance 

Pg 10, Internal Assurance 

Top Specific Standards 

Anti-Corruption 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

Pg 13-14, Our Materiality 

Topics 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Pg 17, Our Economy – 

Anti-Corruption 

 

205-2 

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and 

procedures 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

Procurement Practices 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

Pg 13-14, Our Materiality 

Topics 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Pg 17, Our Economy – 

Procurement Governance 

103-3 

Evaluation of the Management Approach 

204-1 

Proportion of spending on local suppliers 

Pg 11, Performance 

Highlights 

Energy 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

Pg 13-14, Our Materiality 

Topics 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Pg 14, Our Environmental 

Efforts - Energy 

103-3 

Evaluation of the Management Approach 

302-1 

Energy Consumption within organization 

302-2 

Energy Consumption outside organization 

302-3 

Energy Intensity  

Pg 11, Performance 

Highlights 

302-4 

Reduction of energy consumption 

Pg 14, Our Environmental 

Efforts - Energy 

Emissions 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

Pg 13-14, Our Materiality 

Topics 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Pg 14, Our Environmental 

Efforts – Carbon Emissions 

103-3 

Evaluation of the Management Approach 

305-4 

GHG Emissions Intensity 

Pg 11, Performance 

Highlights 

Effluents and Waste 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

Pg 13-14, Our Materiality 

Topics 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Pg 15, Our Environmental 

Efforts – Waste 

Minimisation 

103-3 

Evaluation of the Management Approach  

306-2 

Waste by type and disposal method 

 

Employment 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

Pg 13-14, Our Materiality 

Topics 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Pg 15-17, Our Workplace 

103-3 

Evaluation of the Management Approach  

401-1 

New employee hires and employee turnover 

Training and Education 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

Pg 13-14, Our Materiality 

Topics 

 

 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

 

 

21 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Pg 15-17, Our Workplace 

103-3 

Evaluation of the Management Approach 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 

assistance program 

Pg 16, Our Workplace – 

Training and Education 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

Pg 13-14, Our Materiality 

Topics 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Pg 16, Our Workplace – 

Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity 

103-3 

Evaluation of the Management Approach 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

Marketing and Labelling 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

Pg 13-14, Our Materiality 

Topics 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Pg 16, Our Workplace – 

Marketing and Labelling 

103-3 

Evaluation of the Management Approach 

417-1 

Requirements for product and service information and labelling 

417-2 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service 

information and labelling 

417-3 

Incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing 

communications 

Customer Privacy 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

Pg 11, Privacy and Data 

Security 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

103-3 

Evaluation of the Management Approach 

418-1 

Substantial complaints concerning breaches of customer 

privacy and losses of customer data 

Customer Health and Safety 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

Pg 13-14, Our Materiality 

Topics 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Pg 17, Our Workplace – 

Customers Health and 

Safety 

103-3 

Evaluation of the Management Approach 

 

416-1 

Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product 

and service categories 

 

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

Pg 13-14, Our Materiality 

Topics  

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

 

103-3 

Evaluation of the Management Approach 

Pg 16, Our Workplace – 

Occupational Health and 

403-3 

Workers with high incidence or high risk of diseases 

related to their occupation 

Safety 

403-4 

Health and safety topics covered in formal agreements 

with trade unions 

 

Local Communities 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 

Pg 13-14, Our Materiality 

Topics 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

Pg 17, Local community 

103-3 

Evaluation of the Management Approach 

413-1 

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programs 


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 

 

 

22 

The board of directors (the “Board” or “Directors”) of Polaris Ltd. (the “Company” and together with its 

subsidiaries, the “Group”) is fully committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and 

recognises the importance of good corporate governance and the offering of high standards of accountability to 

shareholders. 

 

This report outlines the Company’s corporate governance practices and processes that were in place for the 

financial year ended 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”), with specific reference to the principles and provisions of the 

Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the “Code”) and the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the 

“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual: Section B: Rules of Catalist (the “Catalist Rules”), where applicable. 

 

Where there has been a deviation from the Code, an explanation of the reason(s) for variation and of how the 

Company’s alternative corporate governance practices are consistent with the intent of the relevant principle 

and/or provision of the Code have been explicitly stated. The Board considers that the alternative corporate 

governance practices are sufficient in meeting the underlying objective of the Code. 

 

(A)        BOARD MATTERS 

 

The Board's Conduct of Affairs 

Principle 1: The company is headed by an effective Board which is collectively responsible and works 

with Management for the long-term success of the company. 

The Board's primary role is to protect and enhance long-term shareholder value. The Board sets the overall 

strategy for the Group and supervises the management of the Company (the "Management"). To fulfil this role, 

the Board sets the Group's strategic direction, establishes goals for the Management and monitors the 

achievement of these goals, thereby taking responsibility for the overall success and corporate governance of the 

Group. 

In addition to its statutory duties, the Board's principal functions are: 

a. 

establish the overall business direction of the Group, with specific emphasis on business expansion and 

synergies, and ensuring that the necessary financial and human resources are in place; 

b. 

review Management performance; 

c. 

oversee the processes of evaluating the adequacy of internal controls, risk management, financial 

reporting and compliance, including safeguarding of shareholders’ interests and the Company’s assets; 

d. 

approve major investment and divestment proposals, material acquisitions and disposal of assets, major 

corporate policies on key operations, annual budget, the release of the Group’s half year and full year 

results and interested person transactions of a material nature; 

e. 

identify the key stakeholder groups and recognise that their perceptions affect the Company’s reputation; 

f. 

assume corporate governance practices directly or through the respective Board Committees (as defined 

below); and 

g. 

consider sustainability issues including environmental and social factors, as part of its strategic 

formulation. 

 

All Directors exercise due diligence and independent judgment, and are obliged to act in good faith as fiduciaries 

and consider at all times the best interests of the Company. 

 

Our Directors are fiduciaries who act objectively in the best interests of the Company and hold Management 

accountable for performance. The Board puts in place a code of conduct and ethics, sets an appropriate tone at 

the top and desired organisational culture, and ensures proper accountability within the Company. Directors 

facing conflicts of interest recuse themselves from discussions and decisions involving the issues of conflict. 

 

The Company has adopted a set of Approving Authority &amp; Limit Guidelines (the “Guidelines”) setting out the level 

of authorisation required for specified transactions, including those that require Board approval. Under the 

Guidelines, new investments or divestments and all commitments to banking facilities granted by financial 

institutions to the Company require the approval of the Board. For instance, the Board had approved the disposal 

of two properties which were completed in July and August 2020 respectively, the incorporation of new indirect 

subsidiaries Marque Luxury America LLC and Marque Luxury Korea Co., Ltd., and the subscription of shares in 

newly-incorporated Connetic-Enterprises Inc. and Marque Luxury (Thailand) Co., Ltd, in FY2020. Subsequent to 

the release of the Company's preliminary financial statements for FY2020, the Board also approved: (i) the entry 

into an asset purchase agreement with Marque Luxury LLC, Marque Supply Company LLC, and Mr. Quentin 

Phillip Caruana (collectively, the “Selling Parties”) to acquire, inter alia, certain business and assets in the pre-

owned luxury goods business as well as 100% of the equity interest in Marque Supply Japan and 85% of the 

equity interest in Marque Mentor LLC from the Selling Parties in March 2021; (ii) the entry into a non-binding term 

sheet for the proposed disposal of Polaristitans Philippines Inc to Techtitan Technology Inc. in April 2021; and (iii) 

the issue of an option to purchase to Masonry Studios Pte. Ltd. for the proposed sale of the Company’s 

investment properties in April 2021. 


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 

 

 

23 

 

To assist the Board in executing its responsibilities, the Board has delegated specific functions to the Audit and 

Risk Management Committee (“ARMC”), Nominating Committee (“NC”) and Remuneration Committee (“RC”) 

(together, the “Board Committees”, and each a “Board Committee”). These Board Committees function within 

clearly defined terms of reference and operating procedures, which are reviewed on a regular basis to ensure 

their continued relevance. The effectiveness of each Board Committee is also constantly monitored. Minutes of 

the Board Committee meetings are available to all Board members. 

 

The Board currently holds at least two (2) scheduled meetings each year. In addition, it holds additional meetings 

at such other times as may be necessary to address specific significant matters that may arise. Important matters 

concerning the Group are also put up to the Board for its decision by way of written resolutions. The Company's 

constitution (the "Constitution”) has provisions for Board meetings to be held via telephone or videoconference. 

 

A record of the Directors’ attendance at meetings of the Board and Board Committees for FY2020, as well as the 

number of such meetings, is set out as follows: 

 

 

Board 

ARMC 

NC 

RC 

No. of meetings held 

2 

2 

1 

1 

No. of meetings attended by respective Directors 

Ong Kok Wah 

2 

2 

1 

1 

Masahiko Yabuki 

2 

2 

1 

1 

Soennerstedt Carl Johan Pontus 

2 

2* 

1 

1* 

Diana Airin(1) 

1 

1 

- 

- 

Evy Soenarjo(2) 

1 

1 

- 

- 

Sugiono Wiyono Sugialam(3) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

 

* By invitation 

Notes: 

 (1)Ms Diana Airin was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director and a member of the ARMC, NC and RC on 8 April 2020. 

(2) Ms Evy Soenarjo was appointed as a Non-Independent Non-Executive Director and a member of the ARMC and RC on 8 April 2020. 

(3) Mr Sugiono Wiyono Sugialam was appointed as an Executive Director of the Company and the Executive Chairman of the Board on 25 

February 2021. 

 

The Directors are updated regularly on changes and amendments to the Catalist Rules, the Group's policies on 

risk management, corporate governance and insider trading, and key changes in the relevant regulatory 

requirements, financial reporting standards and the relevant laws and regulations to facilitate effective discharge 

of their fiduciary duties as Board or Board Committee members. 

 

News releases issued by the SGX-ST and the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority ("ACRA”) which 

are relevant to the Directors are circulated by the Management to the Board. The Company Secretary would 

inform the Directors of upcoming conferences and seminars relevant to their roles as Directors of the Company. 

Such conferences and seminars as well as other training courses will be arranged and funded by the Company 

for all Directors. Annually, the external auditors will also update the ARMC and the Board on new and revised 

financial reporting standards that are applicable to the Company and/or the Group. 

 

Newly appointed Directors will receive appropriate training on corporate governance, if required. The Group has 

implemented an orientation program for new Directors to familiarise them with the Group’s core businesses and 

governance practices. The orientation program also covers the Group’s history, mission and values. In addition, 

the Management regularly updates and familiarizes the Directors on the business activities and operations of the 

Group during Board meetings. Directors will also be given opportunities to visit the Group's operational facilities 

and meet the Management team so as to gain a better understanding of the Group's businesses. 

 

A formal letter of appointment would be furnished to every newly-appointed director upon their appointment 

explaining, amongst other matters, their roles, obligations, duties and responsibilities as a member of the Board. 

 

In addition, as required under the Catalist Rules, a new director who has no prior experience as a director of a 

company listed on the SGX-ST must undergo training as prescribed by the SGX-ST, including mandatory training 

on his or her roles and responsibilities as a director. Such training will be completed within one year of the 

appointment.  

 

The following new appointments were made to the Board on 8 April 2020 and 25 February 2021 respectively:  

 

1) 

Appointment of Ms Diana Airin as an Independent Non-Executive Director on 8 April 2020; 

2) 

Appointment of Ms Evy Soenarjo as a Non-Independent and Non-Executive Director on 8 April 2020; and 

3) 

Appointment of Mr Sugiono Wiyono Sugialam as an Executive Director of the Company and the Executive 

Chairman of the Board on 25 February 2021. 

 

 


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 

 

 

24 

Each of the above Directors were given their respective letters of appointment, setting out their duties, obligations 

and the terms of appointment, and were briefed on the Group’s structure, business, operations and policies.  

Under Rule 406(3)(a) and Practice Note 4D of the Catalist Rules, Ms Diana Airin and Ms Evy Soenarjo, being 

first-time Directors, are required to attend the following mandatory prescribed courses conducted by the 

Singapore Institute of Directors. The details of the courses attended by the respective Directors are summarised 

in the table below: 

 

Modules 

Date of Completion 

Diana Airin 

Evy Soenarjo 

LED 1 – Listed Entity Director 

Essentials 

16 July 2020 

16 July 2020 

LED 2 – Board Dynamics 

17 July 2020 

17 July 2020 

LED 3 – Board Performance 

17 July 2020 

17 July 2020 

LED 4 – Stakeholder 

Engagement 

 

20 July 2020 

20 July 2020 

LED 5 – Audit Committee 

Essentials 

 

20 July 2020 

20 July 2020 

LED 6 – Board Risks Committee 

Essentials 

21 July 2020 

21 July 2020 

LED 7 – Nominating 

Committee Essentials 

Pending completion(1) 

Pending completion(1) 

LED 8 – Remuneration 

Committee Essentials 

Pending completion(2) 

Pending completion(2) 

 

Notes:  

(1)  Ms Diana Airin will attend the Board Dynamics, Stakeholder Engagement, Board Risks Committee Essentials, Nominating Committee 

Essentials and Remuneration Committee Essentials modules on 15 July 2021, 19 July 2021, 14 October 2021, 23 July 2021 and 29 July 

2021, respectively.  

(2) 

 Ms Evy Soenarjo will attend the Nominating Committee Essentials and Remuneration Committee Essentials modules on 23 July 2021 and 

29 July 2021, respectively. 

 

The Board is provided with complete and adequate information in a timely manner prior to Board meetings and is 

kept informed of on-going developments within the Group. Board papers are generally made available to 

Directors in a timely manner, before the Board and Board Committee meetings, and would include financial 

management reports, reports on the performance of the Group, papers pertaining to matters requiring the Board's 

decision, updates on key outstanding issues, strategic plans and developments in the Group. This is to enable 

the Directors to be properly briefed on matters to be considered at Board and Board Committee meetings to 

enable them to make informed decisions and discharge their duties and responsibilities. 

 

The Company has an on-going budget for all Directors to attend appropriate courses, seminars and conferences 

for them to stay abreast of the relevant business developments, changes in applicable rules and regulations, and 

to develop and maintain their skills and knowledge at the Company’s expense. These include programmes run by 

the Singapore Institute of Directors or other training institutions. 

 

The Directors have separate and independent access to the Company Secretary at all times to address any 

enquires they may have. The Company Secretary or his/her nominee attends all Board and Board Committee 

meetings and is responsible for ensuring that established procedures and all relevant requirements of the 

Companies Act, Chapter 50 of Singapore (the “Companies Act”) and the Catalist Rules that are applicable to the 

Company are complied with. The Company Secretary assists the Chairman in preparing meeting agendas, 

attending Board and Board Committee meetings and preparing minutes of all Board and the Board Committee 

proceedings. Under the direction of the Chairman, the Company Secretary, with the support of the Management 

staff, is responsible for ensuring accurate and timely information flow within the Board and the Board Committees 

and between senior management and non-executive directors, advising the Board on all governance matters, as 

well as facilitating orientation and assisting with professional development as required. 

 

The appointment and removal of the Company Secretary is subject to the Board’s approval.  

 

The Board is informed of all material events and transactions as and when they occur. All analyst and media 

reports on the Group, if any, are forwarded to the Directors on an on-going basis. 

 

The Board has separate, independent and unrestricted access to the senior management of the Group at all 

times. Requests for information from the Board are dealt with promptly by the senior management. 

 

The Board seeks independent professional advice as and when necessary to enable it to discharge its 

responsibilities effectively. The Directors, whether as a group or individually, may seek and obtain legal and other 

independent professional advice, at the Company’s expense, concerning any aspect of the Group’s operations or 

undertakings in order to fulfil their roles and responsibilities as Directors. 


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 

 

 

25 

 

Board Composition and Guidance 

Principle 2: The Board has an appropriate level of independence and diversity of thought and 

background in its composition to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the Company. 

 

The Board comprises six (6) Directors of whom three (3) are Independent Non-Executive Directors, one (1) is a 

Non-Independent Non-Executive Director and two (2) being Executive Directors. A summary of the current 

composition of the Board and the Board Committees is set out as follows: 

 

Name of Director 

Board 

ARMC 

NC 

RC 

Sugiono Wiyono 

Sugialam(1) 

Executive Director and Executive 

Chairman 

- 

Member 

- 

Soennerstedt Carl Johan 

Pontus 

Executive Director and CEO 

- 

Member 

- 

Ong Kok Wah(2) 

Independent Non-Executive Director 

Member 

Chairman 

Chairman 

Masahiko Yabuki 

Independent Non-Executive Director 

Chairman 

Member 

Member 

Diana Airin 

Independent Non-Executive Director 

Member 

Member 

Member 

Evy Soenarjo 

Non-Independent Non-Executive 

Director 

Member 

- 

Member 

 

Notes: 

(1) 

 Mr Sugiono Wiyono Sugialam has been appointed as an Executive Director of the Company and the Executive Chairman of the Board on 25 

February 2021. 

(2) 

Mr Ong Kok Wah relinquished the chairmanship on 25 February 2021 and remains as an Independent Non-Executive Director on the Board 

until the conclusion of the annual general meeting of the Company on 18 June 2021 (“AGM”). 

 

There is presently a strong and independent element on the Board, with Independent Directors making up 50% of 

the Board. The Company is in compliance with Provision 2.3 of the Code which stipulates that Non-Executive 

Directors should make up a majority of the Board.  

 

The NC adopts the spirit of the definition in the Code as to what constitutes an Independent Director. Accordingly, 

the NC considers an "independent" Director as one who is independent in conduct, character and judgment, and 

has no relationship with the Company, its related corporations, its substantial shareholders or its officers that 

could interfere, or be reasonably perceived to interfere, with the exercise of the Director's independent business 

judgment in the best interests of the Company. The NC has completed its annual review on the independence of 

each Independent Director and is of the view that these Directors are independent. The Board has reviewed and 

confirmed the independence of the independent directors. There are no Independent Directors who are deemed 

non-independent by the Board, notwithstanding the existence of a relationship as stated in the Code that would 

otherwise deem him not to be independent. 

 

Save for Mr Ong Kok Wah (“Mr Ong”), our Independent Non-Executive Director, who has served beyond nine (9) 

years since the date of his first appointment, there is no other Independent Director who has served on the Board 

beyond nine (9) years from the date of his or her first appointment. 

 

Notwithstanding that Mr Ong has served beyond nine (9) years since the date of his first appointment, the Board 

is of the view that Mr Ong is independent as he has: 

 

• 

contributed constructively and objectively throughout his term in the Company; 

• 

sought clarification and amplification of matters from time to time as he deemed fit, including through 

direct access to key management personnel; and 

• 

provided impartial advice and insights and has exercised his strong independent character and 

judgement in doing so. 

The following assessments were conducted and deliberated by the Board before arriving at the above conclusion: 

 

• 

review of Board and Board Committee meetings minutes to assess questions and voting actions of the 

respective Independent Directors; 

• 

declarations of independence; and 

• 

board committee performance assessment done by the Directors. 

Accordingly, the NC and the Board have determined that Mr Ong’s tenure in office has not affected his 

independence and ability to bring independent and considered judgement in his discharge of his duties as a Non-

Executive Director, Chairman of the NC and the RC, and a member of the ARMC. 


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 

 

 

26 

Notwithstanding the above, the Board is cognisant of the new Rule 406(3)(d)(iii) which comes into effect on 1 

January 2022 and which requires that the continued appointment as an independent director, after an aggregate 

period of more than nine (9) years on the board, must be sought and approved in separate resolutions by all 

shareholders and shareholders excluding directors, the chief executive officer, and their associates. In any event, 

the Board further notes that Mr Ong will not be seeking re-appointment at the forthcoming AGM and will 

accordingly retire from office as Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company after the conclusion of the 

AGM. In view of Mr Ong’s retirement, the Board notes that the Company would not be compliant with Provision 

2.2 of the Code which requires that independent directors make up a majority of the Board where the Chairman is 

not independent. Accordingly, the Board will endeavour to promptly identify suitable candidates to supplement the 

Board and to ensure that the Company is compliant with Provision 2.2 of the Code. 

 

Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors are scheduled to meet regularly, and as warranted, in the 

absence of key management personnel to discuss concerns or matters such as the effectiveness of 

Management. 

 

The Company has adopted a Board Diversity Policy which sets out the approach to achieve diversity of the 

Board. Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, on an annual basis, the NC will review the appropriateness of the 

current Board size and composition, taking into consideration the changes (if any) in the nature and scope of 

operations as well as the regulatory environment of the Group and, where appropriate, makes recommendations 

on changes to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy and to ensure that there is an 

appropriate composition of members of the Board with suitably diverse backgrounds to meet the Group’s 

operational and business requirements. 

 

The Board recognises the importance of an appropriate balance and diversity of skills, experience, gender, age, 

knowledge and professional qualifications in building an effective Board. For this purpose, the NC reviews the 

Board’s collective skills matrix regularly.  

 

The current Board comprises persons who, as a group, have the necessary core competencies in areas such as 

accounting, finance, business and management experience, industry knowledge, strategic planning and 

customer-based experience and knowledge to lead and guide the Company. The diversity of the Board’s 

experience provides for the useful exchange of ideas and views. The profile of all Board members is set out 

under the section entitled ‘Board of Directors’ of this annual report. 

 

The current Board composition provides a diversity of skills, experience and knowledge to the Company. Further 

details are set out in the table below: 

 

 

Number of Directors 

Proportion of the 

Board (%) 

Core Competencies 

 

- Accounting or finance 

4 

67 

- Business management 

6 

100 

- Relevant industry knowledge or experience 

5 

83 

- Strategic planning experience 

6 

100 

- Customer based experience or knowledge 

6 

100 

 

The Independent Non-Executive Directors have met at least once without the presence of Management in 

FY2020 to discuss matters such as internal controls, Board processes and succession plans. 

 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") 

 

Principle 3: There is a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the Board and 

Management, and no one individual has unfettered powers of decision-making. 

 

The Board has adopted the recommendation of the Code to have separate persons appointed as Chairman and 

the CEO. This is to ensure an appropriate balance of power, increased accountability and greater capacity for the 

Board to exercise independent decision-making. The division of responsibilities between the Chairman and the 

CEO is clearly established, set out in writing and agreed by the Board.  

 

The Chairman of the Board and the CEO are separate persons. The former Chairman of the Board, Mr Ong Kok 

Wah, served as an independent director, was not part of the Management team, and is not an immediate family 

member of the CEO. The current Chairman of the Board, Mr Sugiono Wiyono Sugialam, who was appointed as 

an Executive Director after FY2020 on 25 February 2021, is not an immediate family member of, and is unrelated 

to, the CEO. Mr Sugiono is a substantial shareholder of the Company. 

 


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 

 

 

27 

The Board is of the view that there are sufficient safeguards and checks to ensure that the process of decision-

making by the Board is independent and based on collective decisions without any individual exercising any 

considerable power or influence. Further, the ARMC, RC and NC are chaired by independent directors. 

 

Mr Soennerstedt Carl Johan Pontus (“Mr Soennerstedt”) is an Executive Director and the CEO of the Company. 

His responsibilities include the execution of strategic business directions as well as the overseeing of the day-to-

day business operations and business development of the property and investment holding segments of the 

Group. 

 

Mr Ong Kok Wah (“Mr Ong”) is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company and served as Chairman 

of the Board from 1 March 2018 to 25 February 2021. As previously noted, Mr Ong Kok Wah relinquished his 

chairmanship on 25 February 2021 and will retire from office as Independent Non-Executive Director of the 

Company after the conclusion of the upcoming AGM. Subsequent to Mr Ong’s relinquishment of his 

chairmanship, Mr Sugiono Wiyono Sugialam (“Mr Sugiono”) was appointed as an Executive Director of the 

Company and Executive Chairman of the Board on 25 February 2021. 

 

The Chairman is responsible for, amongst other things, exercising control over the quality, quantity and timeliness 

of the flow of information between the Management and the Board, and ensuring compliance with the Company’s 

guidelines on corporate governance along with promoting high standards of corporate governance. The Chairman 

is also consulted on the Group’s strategic direction and formulation of policies and ensures the smooth running of 

the Board. The Chairman performs a significant leadership role by providing clear oversight and guidance to the 

Management on strategy and the drive to transform the Group’s businesses. 

 

The Chairman is also responsible for, amongst other things, effectively representing the Board to the 

shareholders, ensuring that Board meetings are held when necessary, setting the Board meeting agenda with the 

assistance of  the Company Secretary, acting as facilitator at Board meetings and maintaining regular dialogue 

with the Management on all significant operational matters. At annual general meetings and other shareholders’ 

meetings, the Chairman ensures constructive dialogue amongst shareholders, the Board and the Management. 

 

The Chairman promotes a culture of openness and debate at the Board level, ensuring that the Directors receive 

complete, adequate and timely information, and facilitates the effective contribution of Non-Executive Directors in 

particular. 

 

The Company did not appoint a lead independent director in FY2020 given that the Chairman and the CEO are 

separate persons and the then Chairman, Mr Ong Kok Wah, served as an Independent Non-Executive Director. 

Going forward, in view of Mr Ong Kok Wah’s relinquishment of his chairmanship and the subsequent appointment 

of Mr Sugiono as Executive Chairman, the Company will seriously consider the appointment of a lead 

independent director, in compliance with Provision 3.3 of the Code. 

 

Board Membership 

 

Principle 4: The Board has a formal and transparent process for the appointment and re-appointment of 

directors, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the Board. 

 

The NC is regulated by a set of written terms of reference and comprises five (5) members, the majority of whom, 

including the Chairman, are independent non-executive directors. The NC meets at least once a year. The 

members of the NC are as follows: 

 

1. 

Ong Kok Wah (Chairman, Independent Non-Executive Director)(1) 

2. 

Masahiko Yabuki (Member, Independent Non-Executive Director) 

3. 

Soennerstedt Carl Johan Pontus (Member, Executive Director) 

4. 

Diana Airin (Member, Independent Non-Executive Director) 

5. 

Sugiono Wiyono Sugialam (Member, Executive Director) 

 

Note: 

(1) Mr Ong Kok Wah will be retiring at the upcoming AGM and the Company will look to appoint a new Chairman for the NC. 

 

 


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 

 

 

28 

The NC is responsible for: 

 

a. 

The review of structure, size and composition of the Board and the Board Committees; 

b. 

The review of succession plans for the Board Chairman, Directors, CEO and members of senior 

management; 

c. 

The development of a transparent process for evaluating the performance of the Board, its Board 

Committees and Directors, including assessing whether Directors are able to commit enough time to 

discharge their responsibilities and the maximum number of listed company board representations which a 

Director may hold; 

d. 

The review of training and professional development programmes for the Directors; 

e. 

The appointment and reappointment of all directors (including any alternate directors, if any); and 

f. 

The review and confirmation of the independence of each Director. 

 

The NC is also responsible for identifying and recommending new board members to the Board, after considering 

the necessary and desirable competencies of the candidates which include: 

 

a. 

academic and professional qualifications; 

b. 

industry experience; 

c. 

number of other directorships; 

d. 

relevant experience as a director; and 

e. 

ability and adequacy in carrying out required tasks. 

 

The NC leads the process for board appointments and makes recommendations to the Board. The integrated 

process of appointment includes: 

 

a. 

developing a framework on desired competencies and diversity of the Board; 

b. 

assessing current competencies and diversity of the Board; 

c. 

developing and ascertaining desired profiles of new directors; 

d. 

initiating searches for new directors via personal networks and external searches, if necessary; 

e. 

shortlisting and interviewing potential candidates; 

f. 

recommending appointments and retirements to the Board; and 

g. 

election at general meeting. 

 

New Directors are appointed by way of a Board resolution following which they are subject to re-election at the 

next AGM. 

 

In accordance with the Company’s Constitution, one-third, or if their number is not a multiple of three (3), the 

number nearest to one-third of the Directors are required to retire from office by rotation at each AGM (provided 

that no Director holding office as managing director shall be subject to retirement by rotation or be taken into 

account in determining the number of Directors to retire). Newly appointed Directors will hold office only until the 

next AGM following their appointments and they shall be eligible for re-election. Such Directors are not taken into 

account in determining the number of Directors who are to retire by rotation at that meeting. In any case, pursuant 

to Rule 720(4), all Directors must submit themselves for re-nomination and re-appointment at least once every 

three (3) years. 

 

In making recommendations for the selection, appointment and re-appointment of Directors, the NC evaluates the 

composition of the Board in light of the need for progressive renewal. The NC also considers the Director’s 

competencies, commitment, contributions and performance, such as his/her attendance at meetings of the Board 

or Board Committees, and, where applicable, his preparedness, participation, candour and any other special 

contributions.  

 

Each member of the NC is required to abstain from reviewing and approving his or her own re-election. 

 

The NC has recommended to the Board that Mr Ong and Mr Soennerstedt be nominated for re-election at the 

forthcoming AGM in accordance with Regulation 86 of the Company’s Constitution. The NC has also 

recommended to the Board that Mr Sugiono be nominated for re-election at the forthcoming AGM in accordance 

with Regulation 93 of the Company’s Constitution. Mr Ong has, however, informed the Board that he will not be 

seeking re-appointment at the forthcoming AGM and will accordingly retire from office as a Director of the 

Company after the conclusion of the AGM. Mr Soennerstedt and Mr Sugiono have both given their consent to 

continue in office. 

 

In making the recommendations, the NC considered Mr Soennerstedt’s and Mr Sugiono’s (collectively, the 

“Retiring Directors”) overall contributions and performance, both past and anticipated. Mr Soennerstedt will, 

upon re-election as a Director, remain as the Executive Director and the CEO of the Company, and a member of 

the NC. Mr Sugiono will, upon re-election as a Director, remain as an Executive Director of the Company and the 

Executive Chairman of the Board, and a member of the NC.  

 

 

 


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 

 

 

29 

The key information, including their appointment dates and other listed company directorships held in the past 

three (3) years, of the directors who held office during the year up to the date of this report is disclosed in the 

table below: 

 

Name of 

Director 

Date of First 

Appointment 

Date of 

Last Re-

election 

Directorships in 

Other Listed 

Companies (Present 

and Past Three 

Years) 

Other Principal 

Commitments 

Sugiono 

Wiyono 

Sugialam 

25 February 2021 

- 

Present 

• PT Trikomsel Oke 

Tbk  

 

Past three years 

• PT Skybee Tbk 

• PT Triyakom 

• PT Global Teleshop Tbk, 

President Director 

• PT Trio Distribusi, President 

Director 

• PT Okeshop, President 

Director  

• PT Herbal Globe Natural, 

President Director  

• Crayon Digital Pte Ltd, 

Director 

• Escomindo Pte Ltd, Director 

Ong Kok Wah  

20 May 2010 

27 April 

2018 

Present 

• ICP Ltd. 

Past three years 

Nil 

Nil 

Masahiko 

Yabuki  

5 February 2018 

27 April 

2018 

Nil 

• NUWA Robotic Japan K.K., 

Director 

• MYNZ Co., Ltd., Director 

Soennerstedt 

Carl Johan 

Pontus 

5 May 2016 

26 April 

2019 

Nil 

Nil 

Diana Airin 

8 April 2020 

29 May 

2020 

Nil 

• PT Konsultan Strategi 

Penjualan (Wisdom Crowd), 

Chief Executive Officer and 

Founder 

• Sambalauku, Founder 

Evy Soenarjo 

8 April 2020 

29 May 

2020 

Present 

Nil 

Past three years 

• PT Trikomsel Oke 

Tbk  

• Skyluxe, Founder 

 

 

 

Pursuant to Rule 720(5) of the Catalist Rules, the information as required under Appendix 7F to the Catalist Rules 

in respect of each of the Retiring Directors is set out in on pages 41 to 44 of the Annual Report.  

 

The NC reviews annually the declarations of independence made by the Company’s Independent Non-Executive 

Directors based on the definition of independence in the Code. The NC has reviewed the independence of each 

director for FY2020 and is of the view that, other than Mr Ong whose tenure as independent director has deviated 

from the recommendation in the Code (and such deviation has been explained above), the Independent Directors 

are independent as defined in the Code and are able to exercise judgment on the corporate affairs of the Group 

independent of the Management. 

 

 

 


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 

 

 

30 

The NC monitors and determines annually whether directors who have multiple board representations and other 

principal commitments give sufficient time and attention to the affairs of the Company and adequately carry out 

his/her duties as a Director of the Company. The NC takes into account the results of the assessment of the 

effectiveness of the individual Director and his/her actual conduct on the Board, in making this determination.  

 

Currently, the NC and the Board have not determined the maximum number of listed company board 

representations which any Director may hold as the NC and the Board are of the view that each Director has a 

different work aptitude, capacity and resources, and a one-size-fits-all measurement might not be appropriate. 

The NC and the Board will continue to observe and will review the requirement to determine the maximum 

number of listed company board representations as and when necessary. 

 

As at the date of this Annual Report, the Company does not have any alternate directors. 

 

Board Performance 

 

Principle 5: The Board undertakes a formal annual assessment of its effectiveness as a whole, and that of 

each of its board committees and individual directors. 

 

The NC adopts a formal system of evaluating the Board as a whole and its Board Committees every year. A 

performance evaluation of the Board and each Board Committee is carried out. The assessment parameters 

include the evaluation of the size and composition of the Board and its Board Committees, the access to 

information, processes and accountability, performance in relation to the discharging of its principle 

responsibilities, the Directors' standard of conduct and the performance of the Board Committees. Through a 

formal written performance evaluation of the Board and Board Committees, the Board is of the view that the 

Board and Board Committees operate effectively and each Director is contributing to the effectiveness of the 

Board and the Board Committees due to the active participation of each member during meetings.  

 

The annual evaluation exercise provides an opportunity to obtain constructive feedback from each Director on 

whether the Board’s procedures and processes have allowed him/her to discharge his/her duties effectively and 

to propose changes which may be made to enhance the Board's effectiveness as a whole. The collated findings 

are reported and recommendations are made to the Board for consideration and for further improvements to help 

the Board to discharge its duties more effectively. 

 

The NC is of the view that the Board has met its performance objectives for FY2020. No external facilitator was 

used in the evaluation process as the Board believes that the quality and objectivity of the current process and 

evaluations implemented are sufficient and adequate. 

 

The NC conducts an evaluation of the performance of individual Directors annually and for re-election or re-

appointment of any Director. The assessment of each Director’s performance is undertaken by the NC Chairman. 

 

The criteria for assessment include but is not limited to the particular Director’s attendance record at meetings of 

the Board and Board Committees, commitment of time, intensity of participation at meetings, quality of 

discussions, knowledge and abilities, engagement with Management, maintenance of independence and any 

special contributions. For FY2020, the NC, in concurrence with the NC Chairman, is satisfied that each Director is 

contributing to the overall effectiveness of the Board. 

 

(B)        REMUNERATION MATTERS 

 

Procedures for Developing Remuneration Policies 

 

Principle 6: The Board has a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on director and 

executive remuneration, and for fixing the remuneration packages of individual directors and key 

management personnel. No director is involved in deciding his or her own remuneration. 

 

The RC, regulated by a set of written terms of reference, comprises four (4) members, all of whom are Non-

Executive Directors and a majority of whom, including the RC Chairman, are Independent Directors. The 

members of the RC are as follows: 

 

1. 

Ong Kok Wah (Chairman, Independent Non-Executive Director)(1) 

2. 

Masahiko Yabuki (Member, Independent Non-Executive Director) 

3. 

Diana Airin (Member, Independent Non-Executive Director) 

4. 

Evy Soenarjo (Member, Non-Independent Non-Executive Director) 

 

Note: 

(1) Mr Ong Kok Wah will be retiring at the upcoming AGM and the Company will look to appoint a new Chairman for the RC. 

 

The principal function of the RC is to ensure that a formal and transparent procedure is in place for fixing the 

remuneration packages of directors and key management personnel of the Group. 


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 

 

 

31 

Under its terms of reference, the RC is responsible for reviewing and recommending a remuneration framework 

for the Board and the Company’s key management personnel. The RC also reviews and recommends to the 

Board the specific remuneration packages for each Director as well as the Company’s key management 

personnel. The aim is to build a capable and committed management team, through competitive compensation, 

focused management, and progressive policies which will attract, motivate and retain a pool of talented 

executives to meet the current and future growth needs of the Company. In discharging their duties, the members 

have access to advice from the human resources department and external advisors as and when they deem 

necessary.  

 

To ensure that the remuneration package is competitive and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate the Directors 

and key management personnel, the RC also takes into consideration industry practices and norms in the 

compensation review. The RC as part of its review ensures that all aspects of remuneration, including and not 

limited to director’s fees, salaries, allowances, bonuses, options, benefits-in-kind and termination terms are 

covered for each director and key management personnel, to ensure they are fair. 

 

No independent consultant was engaged to advise on the remuneration of all Directors in FY2020. The RC will 

seek external expert advice should such a need arise.  

 

The RC reviews the service contracts of the Company’s Executive Directors and key management personnel. 

Service contracts for Executive Directors are for a fixed appointment period. There are no onerous compensation 

commitments on the part of the Company in the event of an early termination of the services of Executive 

Directors or key management personnel. 

 

Level and Mix of Remuneration 

 

Principle 7: The level and structure of remuneration of the Board and key management personnel are 

appropriate and proportionate to the sustained performance and value creation of the company, taking 

into account the strategic objectives of the company. 

 

The remuneration policy for Executive Directors is structured to link rewards to corporate and individual 

performance. 

 

Our Executive Directors’ remuneration consists of a salary, bonuses and other benefits. A proportion of the 

remuneration for the Executive Directors is linked to performance in the form of a performance bonus. Executive 

Directors are paid incentives based on achievement of performance targets of their respective business units set 

at the beginning of the financial year. In setting the targets, due regard is given to the financial and commercial 

health and business needs of the Group. Executive Directors do not receive directors’ fees. 

 

The Group has also entered into letters of employment with all of the executive officers. Their compensation 

consists of salary, bonus and performance awards that are dependent on the performance of the Group. 

 

The Company does not have any long-term incentive scheme or schemes involving the offer of shares or grant of 

options. In evaluating long-term incentives, the RC takes into consideration the costs and benefits of such 

schemes.  

 

Non-Executive Directors are remunerated under a framework of fixed fees for serving on the Board and Board 

Committees, taking into account factors such as effort, time spent and responsibilities. Fees for Non-Executive 

Directors are subject to the approval of shareholders at the annual general meeting. 

 

In setting remuneration packages, the Company takes into consideration the remuneration and employment 

conditions within the same industry and in comparable companies, as well as the Group’s relative performance 

and the performance of the individuals.  

 

The Company does not implement the use of contractual provisions as it is of the view that such provisions would 

not enhance the performance of its Executive Directors and key management personnel. However, the letters of 

employment with all executive officers allow the Company the right to pursue appropriate action against executive 

officers and key management personnel for violation of company policies and other fraudulent acts. 

 

 

Disclosure on Remuneration 

 

Principle 8: The company is transparent on its remuneration policies, level and mix of remuneration, the 

procedure for setting remuneration, and the relationships between remuneration, performance and value 

creation. 

 

Given the highly competitive environment it is operating in and the confidentiality attached to remuneration 

matters, the Company believes that fully disclosing the remuneration of each Director and the CEO would be 

prejudicial to its business interests. The Company has instead disclosed the remuneration of each Director and 


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 

32 

the CEO in bands of S$200,000. The aggregate value of remuneration to Directors has been disclosed on page 

114 of the Annual Report. 

The Company has also disclosed the remuneration of each key management personnel (who are not directors or 

the CEO) in bands of S$200,000 below. The aggregate value of remuneration to the key management personnel 

(who are not directors or the CEO) has been disclosed in the table below. 

A breakdown of the level and mix of remuneration paid/payable to each Director in remuneration bands of 

S$200,000 for FY2020 are as follows: 

Name of Director 

Breakdown of Remuneration in Percentage 

Total Remuneration in 

Compensation Bands of 

S$200,000 

Directors’ 

fees 

Salary 

Bonus 

Other 

Benefits 

Total 

Sugiono Wiyono 

Sugialam 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Ong Kok Wah 

100% 

- 

- 

- 

100% 

&lt;S$200,000 

Masahiko Yabuki 

100% 

- 

- 

- 

100% 

&lt;S$200,000 

Soennerstedt Carl 

Johan Pontus 

- 

72.0% 

- 

28.0% 

100% 

S$200,001 

– S$400,000

Diana Airin 

100% 

- 

- 

- 

100% 

&lt;S$200,000 

Evy Soenarjo 

100% 

- 

- 

- 

100% 

&lt;S$200,000 

Proposed Directors’ fees of up to S$115,000 for the financial year ending 31 December 2021 will be put up to 

shareholders for approval at the forthcoming AGM (FY2020: S$102,000).  

For FY2020, the Group had identified three key management personnel (each of whom is not a Director, CEO or 

Executive Officer of the Company). The details of remuneration paid to the key management personnel of the 

Group (each of whom is not a Director, CEO or Executive Officer of the Company) for FY2020 is set out below: 

• 

Salary comprises basic salary, payment for leave not taken, annual wage supplement and the Company’s contribution towards the

Singapore Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) where applicable.

• 

Variable bonus is paid based on the Company’s and the individual's performance.

• 

Other benefits include transport allowance and personal income tax. 

Notes:  

(1)

Ms Dian Stefani Sugialam is the daughter of Mr Sugiono Wiyono Sugialam, an Executive Director and the Executive Chairman of the Board

of the Company. Mr Sugiono Wiyono Sugialam is also a substantial shareholder of the Company. 

(2)

Ms Geraldine Foo resigned as the Senior Finance Manager of the Company on 1 June 2020 and her last date of employment was 14 August

2020. 

(3)

Ms Shirley Woo was appointed as the Head of Finance of the Company on 12 October 2020. 

During FY2020, the Company had only three (3) key management personnel (who are not directors, the CEO or 

Executive Officers of the Company). The aggregate remuneration paid to the three (3) key management 

personnel (who are not Directors, the CEO or Executive Officers of the Company) was approximately 

S$156,000 for FY2020.  

There were no employees who are substantial shareholders of the Company, or are immediate family members 

(defined in the Catalist Rules as the spouse, child, adopted child, step-child, sibling and parent) of a Director, the 

CEO or a substantial shareholder of the Company, and whose annual remuneration exceeded S$100,000 during 

FY2020.  

There were no termination, retirement and/or post-employment benefits granted to the Directors, the CEO and/or 

key management personnel of the Company for FY2020. 

Name of Key 

Management 

Personnel 

Designation 

Breakdown of Remuneration in Percentage 

Total Remuneration 

in Compensation 

Bands of S$200,000 

Salary 

Bonus 

Other 

Benefits 

Total 

Dian Stefani 

Sugialam (1) 

Executive 

Director, 

Marque Luxury 

Pte. Ltd.  

100% 

- 

- 

100% 

&lt;S$200,000 

Geraldine Foo (2) 

Senior Finance 

Manager 

70.7% 

9.7% 

19.6% 

100% 

&lt;S$200,000 

Shirley Woo (3) 

Head of 

Finance 

91.2% 

- 

8.8% 

100% 

&lt;S$200,000 


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 

 

 

33 

 

There is presently no share scheme or share option scheme on unissued shares of the Company or its 

subsidiaries. 

 

The Board is of the opinion that disclosing specific details on the performance conditions used to determine the 

Directors’ remuneration would be unfavourable to its business interests as it may adversely affect talent attraction 

and retention due to competitive pressures in the talent market. The RC is nonetheless satisfied that all of the 

performance conditions used to determine the Directors’ remuneration have been met. 

 

(C) ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT 

 

Risk Management and Internal Controls  

 

Principle 9: The Board is responsible for the governance of risk and ensures that Management maintains 

a sound system of risk management and internal controls to safeguard the interests of the company and 

its shareholders.  

 

The Board, with the assistance of the ARMC, is responsible for the governance of risk by ensuring the adequacy 

and effectiveness of the system of risk management and internal controls to safeguard shareholders’ interests 

and the Group’s assets. 

 

The ARMC monitors and assists the Board in determining the nature and extent of the significant risks which the 

Company is willing to take in achieving its strategic objectives and value creation. 

 

The details on the ARMC can be found on pages 34 and 35 of the Annual Report. 

 

The Board, assisted by the ARMC, will:  

 

a. 

ensure that the Management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls to 

safeguard shareholders’ interests and the Group’s assets;  

b. 

determine the nature and extent of the significant risks, and the level of risk tolerance, which the Board is 

willing to take in achieving its strategic objectives; 

c. 

provide oversight in the design, implementation and monitoring of the risk management framework, and 

system of internal controls (including financial, operational, compliance and information technology 

controls), including ensuring that Management puts in place action plans to mitigate the risks identified 

where possible;  

d. 

review the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management and internal controls systems annually; 

and  

e. 

set and instil the appropriate risk-awareness culture throughout the Company for effective risk 

governance.  

 

The Company’s internal auditors conduct an annual review of the effectiveness of the Company’s material 

internal controls, including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls, and risk 

management systems at least annually to ensure the adequacy thereof. The findings of the review conducted by 

the internal auditors together with the review undertaken by the external auditors as part of their statutory audit 

are presented in their findings to the ARMC. Any material non-compliance or failures in internal controls and risk 

management systems and recommendations for improvements are reported to the ARMC. The ARMC also 

reviews the effectiveness of the actions taken by the Management on the recommendations made by the internal 

auditors and external auditors in this respect.  

 

The Board recognises that it is responsible for maintaining a system of internal control to safeguard shareholders’ 

investments and the Group’s businesses and assets, while Management is responsible for establishing and 

implementing the internal control procedures in a timely and appropriate manner. The role of the internal auditor 

is to assist the ARMC in ensuring that the controls are effective and functioning as intended, to undertake 

investigations as directed by the ARMC and to conduct regular in-depth audits of high risk areas. 

 

The Board notes that the system of risk management and internal controls established by the Management 

provides reasonable, but not absolute assurance that the Group will not be significantly affected by any event that 

can be reasonably foreseen as it strives to achieve its business objectives. However, the Board also notes that no 

system of risk management and internal controls can provide absolute assurance in this regard, or absolute 

assurance against poor judgment in decision-making, human error, losses, fraud or other irregularities.  

 

The Board has received assurance from the CEO and Head of Finance that:  

(i) 

the financial records have been properly maintained and the financial statements for FY2020 give a true 

and fair view in all material respects of the Company’s operations and finances; and  

(ii) 

the Group’s risk management and internal control systems are adequate and operating effectively in all 

material respects given its current business environment.  

 


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 

 

 

34 

 

Based on the risk management processes and policy framework, internal controls system established and 

maintained by the Group, reviews performed by the various Board Committees and key management 

personnel, work performed by the external auditors and internal auditors, and the assurances from the CEO 

and Head of Finance, the Board, with the concurrence of the ARMC, is of the opinion that the Group’s internal 

controls and risk management systems are adequate and effective in addressing the financial, operational, 

compliance and information technology risks of the Group as at 31 December 2020.  

 

Audit Committee 

 

Principle 10: The Board has an Audit Committee which discharges its duties objectively. 

 

The ARMC, regulated by a set of written terms of reference, comprises four (4) members, all of whom are Non-

Executive Directors and a majority of whom, including the ARMC Chairman, are Independent Directors. Other 

directors are invited to attend ARMC meetings as and when appropriate. The members of the ARMC are as 

follows: 

 

1. 

Masahiko Yabuki (Chairman, Independent Non-Executive Director) 

2. 

Ong Kok Wah (Member, Independent Non-Executive Director)(1) 

3. 

Diana Airin (Member, Independent Non-Executive Director) 

4. 

Evy Soenarjo (Member, Non-Independent Non-Executive Director) 

 

Note: 

(1) Mr Ong Kok Wah will be retiring at the upcoming AGM. 

 

The members of the ARMC each have expertise or experience in financial management and are qualified to 

discharge the ARMC’s responsibilities objectively. 

 

The ARMC has full access to and the full co-operation of Management. It also has the discretion to invite any 

director and executive officer to attend its meetings. The ARMC also has the power to conduct or authorise 

investigations into any matters within its terms of reference. 

 

The ARMC meets periodically to perform the following functions: 

 

a. 

review the audit plans of the external auditors of the Company, and review the external auditors’ 

evaluation of the adequacy of the Company’s system of internal accounting controls, their letter to 

Management and Management’s response; 

b. 

review the half year and annual financial statements and balance sheet and profit and loss accounts 

before submission to the Board for approval, focusing in particular on changes in accounting policies and 

practices, major risk areas, significant adjustments resulting from the audit, compliance with accounting 

standards and compliance with the Catalist Rules and any other relevant statutory or regulatory 

requirements; 

c. 

review the assurances from the CEO and the Head of Finance on the financial records and financial 

statements; 

d. 

review the internal control procedures and the adequacy of the Group’s internal controls and ensure co-

ordination between the external auditors and Management, and review the assistance given by 

Management to the auditors, and discuss problems and concerns, if any, arising from the interim and final 

audits, and any matters which the auditors may wish to discuss (in the absence of Management, where 

necessary); 

e. 

review and discuss with the external auditors any suspected fraud or irregularity, or suspected 

infringement of any relevant laws, rules or regulations, which has or is likely to have a material impact on 

the Group’s operating results or financial position, and Management’s response; 

f. 

review the cost effectiveness and the independence and objectivity of the external auditors; 

g. 

recommend to the Board the external auditors to be nominated, approve the compensation of the external 

auditors, and review the scope and results of the audit; 

h. 

review interested person transactions (if any) falling within the scope of Chapter 9 of the Catalist Rules; 

i. 

review potential conflicts of interest, if any; 

j. 

undertake such other reviews and projects as may be requested by the Board and report to the Board its 

findings from time to time on matters arising and requiring the attention of the ARMC; 

k. 

undertake generally such other functions and duties as may be required by the legislation, regulations or 

the Catalist Rules, or by such amendments as may be made thereto from time to time; 

l. 

meet with external auditors, Management and any others considered appropriate in separate executive 

sessions to discuss any matters that the ARMC believes should be discussed privately and establish a 

practice to meet with external auditors without the presence of Management at least once annually; 

m. 

review the nature and extent of all non-audit services provided by the Group’s external auditors, if any, 

and determine if such services would affect the independence of the external auditors; 

n. 

review and report to the Board at least annually the adequacy and effectiveness of the company’s internal 

controls, including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls; 


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 

 

 

35 

 

o. 

review the significant financial reporting issues and judgements so as to ensure the integrity of the 

financial statements of the company and any announcements relating to the company's financial 

performance;  

p. 

make recommendations to the Board on the proposals to the shareholders on the appointment, re-

appointment and removal of the external auditors, and approve the remuneration and terms of 

engagement of the external auditors; and 

q. 

review the effectiveness, independence, scope and results of the external audit and the Company’s 

internal audit function. 

 

Apart from the duties listed above, the ARMC is given the task of commissioning investigations into matters 

where there is suspected fraud or irregularity, or failure of internal controls or infringement of any law, rule or 

regulation which has or is likely to have a material impact on the Company’s operating results or financial 

position, and to review its findings. The ARMC has full access to and the co-operation of Management and the full 

discretion to invite any Director or Executive Officer to attend its meetings, and has reasonable resources to 

enable it to discharge its functions properly.  

 

The external auditors have unrestricted access to the ARMC.  

 

The ARMC is responsible for reviewing the audit reports from the internal auditors and external auditors and 

assists the Board in overseeing the Management in the formulation, updating and maintenance of an adequate 

and effective risk management framework and internal controls.  

 

The ARMC recommends to the Board on proposals to shareholders on the appointment, re-appointment and 

removal of the external auditors and approving the remuneration of the external auditors. 

 

The ARMC will meet with the external auditors and internal auditors without the presence of the Management, as 

and when necessary and at least annually, to review the adequacy of audit arrangements, with emphasis on the 

scope and quality of their audit, the independence, objectivity and observations of the external auditors.  

 

In FY2020, the ARMC met with the External Auditors once in the absence of key management personnel. 

 

The ARMC is kept updated from time to time and at least annually on any changes to the accounting and 

financial reporting standards with trainings conducted by professionals or the external auditors. The external 

auditors will work with the Management to ensure that the Group complies with the new accounting standards, if 

applicable.  

 

In the review of the financial statements for FY2020, the ARMC had discussed with the Management and the 

external auditors on changes to accounting standards (if any) and significant issues and assumptions that impact 

the financial statements. The following significant matters that impact the financial statements were reviewed by 

the ARMC in relation to their materiality and appropriate methodology/assessment. These matters were also 

discussed with Management and the external auditors. 

 

Key Audit Matters  

Approach and measures 

Valuation of trade receivables 

 

The ARMC considered the approach and methodology used by 

management in determining the recoverable amount of trade receivables. 

The ARMC was satisfied that the approach and methodology used by 

management in this process was appropriate.  

 

The ARMC concluded that the Group’s accounting treatment and estimates in each of the significant matters 

were appropriate. All the key audit matters (“KAMs”) that were raised by the external auditors for FY2020 have 

been addressed by the ARMC and are covered in the above commentary. The KAMs in the auditors’ report for 

FY2020 can be found on pages 49 and 50 of the Annual Report. 

 

External Auditors 

 

Except as disclosed below, the Company and its subsidiaries are audited by Moore Stephens LLP. The ARMC 

has conducted an annual review of the performance of the external auditor, taking into consideration the Audit 

Quality Indicators Disclosure Framework recommended by ACRA as a reference.  

 

The Group’s subsidiaries based in the United States of America, being Marque Luxury America LLC, MLuxury 

Nevada LLC and MLuxury Texas LLC, were audited by RJI International CPAs. Certain of the Group’s foreign 

subsidiaries, namely, Marque Luxury Korea Co., Ltd. (based in South Korea), Connetic-Enterprises Inc. (based in 

the Philippines), and Marque Luxury (Thailand) Co., Ltd  (based in Thailand), were not audited as at the date of 

this annual report as they are considered to be insignificant components to the Group for FY2020 but were 

reviewed by the Company’s external auditor, Moore Stephens LLP for group consolidation purposes.  

 

 


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 

 

 

36 

 

The ARMC also undertook a review of the independence and objectivity of the external auditor through 

discussions with the external auditor and is satisfied that Moore Stephens LLP has demonstrated appropriate 

qualifications and expertise and is independent of the Company. The external auditors confirm that no non-audit 

services were provided to the Company in FY2020. The aggregate amount of audit fees payable to the external 

auditor in FY2020 was S$104,000. No non-audit fees were paid to the external auditor in FY2020. The ARMC is 

satisfied with the independence of the external auditor and is not aware of any matter that would affect the 

independence of the external auditor.  

 

Accordingly, the ARMC has recommended to the Board the re-appointment of Moore Stephens LLP as external 

auditors of the Company at the forthcoming AGM. In appointing the audit firms for the Group, the Board and the 

ARMC are satisfied and confirm that the Group has complied with Rule 712, 715 and Rule 716 of the Catalist 

Rules. 

 

There is no former partner or director of the Company’s existing auditing firm or auditing corporation who is acting 

as a member of the Company’s ARMC. 

 

Internal Audit 

 

Currently, the Group has outsourced its internal audit function to Ardent Business Advisory Pte. Ltd. (the “IA” or 

“Ardent”) which reports directly to the ARMC. The IA has an administrative reporting function to Management 

where the planning, co-ordinating, managing and implementing of the internal audit work cycle are concerned. 

The work undertaken by the IA is carried out in accordance with the standards set by internationally recognised 

professional bodies including Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing set by the Institute of 

Internal Auditors. The IA will report their audit findings and recommendations directly to the ARMC. The IA has 

unfettered access to all the Group’s documents, records, properties and personnel, including access to the 

ARMC.  

 

Ardent was established in 2008 by a team of qualified Chartered Accountants of Singapore. Their scope of 

services covers that of audit, tax, accounting, business advisory, outsourcing, corporate recovery, risk and 

governance, company incorporation, IT infrastructure and solutions. Ardent is also a member of Kreston 

International, a global network of independent accounting firms. 

 

Ardent’s engagement team is headed by a partner who has over 20 years of experience in audit and advisory 

services. He has led the Risk Assurance practice at Ardent over the past 5 years and has extensive experience in 

a broad range of assurance and advisory services including corporate governance, enterprise risk management, 

internal audit, risk assurance, financial due diligence and regulatory advice. Prior to Ardent, he was a Chief 

Financial Officer of international insurance firms and has 16 years with one of the big four auditing firms. He is a 

Chartered Accountant, a fellow of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants (“ISCA”) and a member of the 

Institute of Internal Auditors Singapore (“IIA”). The second engagement team member is an IT Director with 15 

years of experience in IT audit and advisory and IT Infrastructure for multinationals, public sector and small and 

medium-sized enterprises, and a Cisco Certified Network Associate, Microsoft Certified IT Professional and 

Network Security Basic Administration with Sonicwall. The third member is a Senior Manager in the risk 

assurance practice at Ardent. She has 12 years of experience in the audit profession and has been involved on 

various internal audits of government ministries and statutory boards and private sector organisations. She is a 

Chartered Accountant, Certified Internal Auditor and a member of ISCA. The team is accordingly made up of 

qualified and experienced professionals and adheres to the International Professional Practices Framework 

issued by the IIA. 

 

In FY2020, the ARMC met with the IA once in the absence of key management personnel. 

 

For FY2020, the ARMC has reviewed and approved the internal audit plan to ensure the adequacy of the scope 

of audit, the IA’s reports, proposed follow-up actions implemented by the Management and has noted that the 

necessary co-operation required from the Management has been provided to enable the IA to perform its function 

effectively. In addition, the experience of the IA (including its assigned engagement personnel) has been 

reviewed, and the ARMC is satisfied that the IA is adequately qualified (given, inter alia, its adherence to 

standards set by internationally recognised professional bodies) and resourced, and has the appropriate standing 

in the Company to discharge its duties effectively and independently. As such, the ARMC is of the view that the 

internal audit function of the Company is independent, effective and adequately resourced for FY2020. 

 

Based on the internal audit reports and management controls in place, the ARMC is satisfied that the internal 

control systems (including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls) provide 

reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded, that proper accounting records are maintained and financial 

statements are reliable. In the course of their statutory audit, the Company’s external auditors will highlight any 

material internal control weaknesses which have come to their attention in carrying out their normal audit, which 

is designed primarily to enable them to express their opinion on the financial statements. Such material internal 

control weaknesses noted during their audit, and recommendations, if any, by the external auditors are reported 

to the ARMC. 


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 

 

 

37 

 

The ARMC recognises its responsibility of establishing and maintaining on an ongoing basis, an effective internal 

audit function that is adequately resourced and independent of the activities it audits.  

 

Whistle-Blowing Policy 

 

The Company, with the advice of the ARMC, has put in place a “whistleblowing” process and has formulated the 

guidelines for a Whistle-Blowing Policy for the Group. Such a policy serves to encourage and provide a channel 

for staff to report, in good faith and without fear of reprisals, concerns about possible improprieties in financial 

reporting, bullying behaviour and other matters to the Independent Non-Executive Chairman. It has a well-defined 

process which ensures independent investigation of issues/concerns raised and appropriate follow up action to 

be taken. Going forward, in view of the appointment of Mr Sugiono as Executive Chairman, the Company’s staff 

and any other persons may, in confidence, raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters concerning 

financial 

reporting 

or 

other 

matters 

by 

submitting 

a 

whistle 

blowing 

report 

through 

email 

to 

whistleblow@wearepolaris.com. All reports will be promptly submitted to the ARMC which is responsible for 

investigating and coordinating corrective action. All information received will be treated confidentially and the 

identity and the interest of all whistle-blowers will be protected. Anonymous disclosures will be accepted and 

requests for anonymity will be honoured. Details of the whistle-blowing policy and arrangements have been made 

available to all employees via internal emails and bulletin boards. 

 

No whistle blowing letter or complaint was received in FY2020.  

 

(D)       SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND ENGAGEMENT 

 

Shareholder rights and conduct of General Meetings 

 

Principle 11: The company treats all shareholders fairly and equitably in order to enable them to exercise 

shareholders' rights and have the opportunity to communicate their views on matters affecting the 

company. The Company gives shareholders a balanced and understandable assessment of its 

performance, position and prospects. 

 

The Company does not practice selective disclosure. In line with the continuous obligations of the Company 

under the Catalist Rules and the Companies Act, the Board’s policy is that all shareholders should equally and on 

a timely basis be informed of all major developments that impact the Group via the Singapore Exchange Network 

(the “SGXNET”). 

 

Accountability to shareholders is demonstrated through the presentation of the Group’s half year and full year 

financial statements, audited results in the annual reports, and all announcements on the Group’s businesses and 

operations. 

 

The Management provides the Board with appropriately detailed management accounts of the Company’s 

performance, position and prospects on a half-yearly basis and when deemed appropriate by particular 

circumstances. 

 

The Board also takes adequate steps to ensure compliance with legislative and regulatory requirements and 

observes obligations of continuing disclosure under the Catalist Rules. For example, in line with the Catalist 

Rules, the Board provides a negative assurance statement to the shareholders in respect of the interim financial 

statements. 

 

The Management maintains regular contact and communication with the Board by various means including the 

preparation and circulation to all Board members of half year and full year financial statements of the Group. This 

allows the Board to monitor the Group’s performance as well as Management’s achievements of the goals and 

objectives determined and set by the Board. 

 

The Board views the AGM as the principal forum for dialogue with shareholders, being an opportunity for 

shareholders to raise issues pertaining to the proposed resolutions and/or ask the directors or the Management 

questions regarding the Company and its operations. Shareholders are informed of the rules, including voting 

procedures, that govern general meetings of shareholders. 

 

Shareholders usually have the opportunity to participate in and to vote at annual general meetings either in 

person or in absentia by proxy. The Company’s Constitution allows a shareholder to appoint up to two (2) proxies 

to attend and vote in his or her place at general meetings. A shareholder who is a relevant intermediary pursuant 

to Section 181 of the Companies Act may appoint more than two (2) proxies, but each proxy must be appointed 

to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by such shareholder.  

 

The Company’s Constitution does not expressly allow for other methods for voting in absentia at general 

meetings of shareholders such as voting via mail, e-mail or fax.  

 

 


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 

 

 

38 

However, due to the ongoing COVID-19 situation, shareholders will be able to participate in the upcoming AGM 

via a live audio and video webcast and are required to appoint the Chairman as proxy to vote on their behalf. 

Further details concerning the AGM, including but not limited to the manner of submission of shareholder queries 

and instructions on voting, are included in the notice of AGM.  

 

Resolutions to be passed at general meetings are always separate and distinct in terms of issues and are 

consistent with the Code’s guideline that companies should avoid ‘bundling’ resolutions unless the resolutions are 

interdependent and linked so as to form one significant proposal. 

 

The Company adheres to the requirements of the Catalist Rules and the Code whereby all resolutions at the 

Company’s general meetings held on or after 1 August 2015 are put to vote by poll. The voting of the resolutions 

at the general meetings is conducted by electronic polling for greater transparency in the voting process. The 

detailed voting results of each of the resolutions tabled are announced on the same day after the meetings. The 

total numbers of votes cast for and against the resolutions are also announced after the meetings via SGXNET. 

 

Each item of special business included in the notice of the general meetings will be accompanied by an 

explanation of the effects of the proposed resolution. Separate resolutions are proposed for each substantially 

separate issue at general meetings.  

 

The Company prepares minutes of general meetings which includes key comments and queries from 

shareholders relating to the agenda of the meetings, and responses from the Board and Management. Pursuant 

to the alternative arrangements for general meetings of companies as prescribed under the COVID-19 

(Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, 

Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020 (the “Order”) and in accordance with Provision 

11.5 of the Code, the Company’s minutes of general meetings will be published on SGXNET and the Company’s 

website within one (1) month of the relevant meeting. 

 

In general meetings, shareholders are given the opportunity to communicate their views and direct questions 

regarding the Company to Directors and Management. The Chairman of the Board and the respective Chairmen 

of the ARMC, NC and RC are normally present and available to address questions from shareholders at general 

meetings. The external auditors are also present to address shareholders’ queries on the conduct of audit and the 

preparation and content of the Independent Auditors’ report. As indicated above, in view of the unique 

circumstances brought about by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, shareholders should refer to the notice of 

AGM for details on, inter alia, the manner of submission of shareholder queries for the purposes of the upcoming 

AGM.  

 

All Directors attended the AGM 2019 held on 29 May 2020. 

 

The Company’s forthcoming AGM will be held on 18 June 2021, notice of which is set out on pages137 to 140 of 

this Annual Report.  

 

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company is conducting its upcoming AGM by way of electronic means in 

accordance with the Order and guidelines on alternative meeting arrangements issued by the SGX-ST. All 

documents related to the general meetings are also available on SGXNET and the Company’s website with clear 

instructions to shareholders on the procedures for them to participate at the virtual AGM. 

 

The Group does not have a formal dividend policy at present. The form, frequency and amount of dividends 

declared each year, if any, will take into consideration the Group’s profit, cash position, positive cash flow 

generated from operations, projected capital requirements for business growth and other factors as the Board 

may deem appropriate. As the Company has registered accumulated losses as at 31 December 2020 and 

incurred a loss in FY2020, no dividends were declared or recommended for FY2020. The Board continues to 

monitor the financial position of the Company and will propose dividends at the appropriate time in the best 

interest of the shareholders. 

 

Engagement with Shareholders 

 

Principle 12: The company communicates regularly with its shareholders and facilitates the participation 

of shareholders during general meetings and other dialogues to allow shareholders to communicate their 

views on various matters affecting the company. 

 

The Board welcomes the views of shareholders on matters affecting the Group, whether at the general meetings 

of shareholders or on an ad-hoc basis. At general meetings, shareholders will be given the opportunity to express 

their views and ask Directors or the Management questions regarding the Group. 

 

 

 


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 

 

 

39 

Shareholders are informed of general meetings through announcements released via the SGXNET. Additionally, 

annual reports are prepared and issued to all shareholders within the mandatory period. Notices of shareholders’ 

meetings are advertised in a newspaper in Singapore and via SGXNET. The annual general meeting is held 

within four (4) months after the close of the financial year, other than on occasions where authorities’ approval for 

extension is sought. 

 

Shareholders are encouraged to attend the Company’s general meetings to ensure a high level of accountability 

and to stay informed of the Group’s strategies and growth plans. Notice of the general meeting is issued to 

shareholders, together with explanatory notes or a circular on items of special businesses (if necessary), 

providing at least 14 or 21 days’ notice in writing, as the case may be (exclusive both of the day on which the 

notice is served or deemed to be served and of the day for the holding of the meeting). The Board welcomes 

questions from shareholders who wish to raise issues, whether informally or formally and before or during the 

general meetings. 

 

A shareholder who is not a “relevant intermediary” may appoint up to two (2) proxies during his absence to 

attend, speak and vote on his behalf at general meetings, provided that a shareholder holding management 

shares may appoint more than two (2) proxies in respect of the management shares held by him. Shareholders 

who are “relevant intermediaries” such as banks, capital markets services licence holders which provide custodial 

services for securities and the CPF Board, are allowed to appoint more than two (2) proxies to attend, speak and 

vote at general meetings. This will enable indirect investors, including CPF investors, to be appointed as proxies 

to participate at shareholders’ meetings. 

 

The Company does not practice selective disclosure. Price sensitive information is first publicly released through 

the SGXNET before the Company meets with any investors or analysts. In line with continuous obligations of the 

Company pursuant to the Catalist Rules and the Companies Act, the Board’s policy is that all shareholders 

should be equally and timely informed of all major developments that will impact the Company or the Group. 

Information is communicated to shareholders on a timely basis through the SGXNET and/or the press. Where 

there is inadvertent disclosure made to a selected group, the Company will make the same disclosure publicly via 

SGXNET as soon as practicable. 

 

Shareholders can access financial information, corporate announcements, press releases, annual reports 

(including sustainability reports) and the profile of the Group at the Company’s website at www.wearepolaris.sg . 

The website also contains a dedicated section on “Investor Relations” to further enhance communication with 

investors or other stakeholders, and sets out an email address through which shareholders may contact the 

Company with questions and through which the Company may respond to such questions. 

 

(E) MANAGING STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIPS 

 

Engagement with Stakeholders 

 

Principle 13: The Board adopts an inclusive approach by considering and balancing the needs and 

interests of material stakeholders, as part of its overall responsibility to ensure that the best interests of 

the company are served. 

 

The Company has a materiality assessment process to identify the key stakeholders who have direct influence on 

the business and operations which includes, but is not limited to, customers, employees, shareholders and 

investors, suppliers, business partners and Government and regulators. The Company continuously seeks to 

improve communication with its stakeholders via various engagement platforms/communication channels.  

 

Key concerns of stakeholders and the Company’s strategies in relation to the management of stakeholder 

relationships are reported on in the Company’s Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 December 

2020 (the “Sustainability Report 2020”) on pages 10 to 21 in the Annual Report. 

 

The stakeholders can also access the Sustainability Report 2020 and other relevant information such as financial 

information, corporate announcements, annual reports and the profile of the Group via the Company's website at 

www.wearepolaris.sg . 

 

 

 


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 

 

 

40 

(F)       DEALINGS IN COMPANY'S SECURITIES 

 

The Company has adopted internal practices in relation to dealings in the Company’s securities pursuant to Rule 

1204(19) of the Catalist Rules that are applicable to all its officers. The Company and its officers are not allowed 

to deal in the Company’s securities on short term considerations and in circumstances where they are in 

possession of unpublished price-sensitive information of the Group, and during the period commencing one (1) 

month before the announcement of the company's half year and full year financial statements.  

 

Directors and officers are required to observe insider trading provisions under the Securities and Futures Act, 

Chapter 289 of Singapore at all times even when dealing in the Company's securities within the permitted trading 

periods.  

 

Directors of the Company are required to report all dealings to the Company Secretary. 

 

(G)       INTERESTED PERSON TRANSACTIONS 

 

The Company has established procedures to ensure that all transactions with interested persons are reported on 

in a timely manner to the ARMC and that such transactions are carried out on normal commercial terms and 

would not be prejudicial to the interests of the Company and its minority shareholders. 

 

There were no material interested person transactions during FY2020 requiring disclosure pursuant to the 

Catalist Rules. 

 

The Company does not have any existing general mandate from shareholders for interested person transactions 

pursuant to Rule 920 of the Catalist Rules. 

 

(H) MATERIAL CONTRACTS 

 

Save for the service agreement entered into between the Executive Director and CEO and the Company on 19 

January 2018 which is still subsisting as at the end of FY2020, there were no material contracts entered into by 

the Company and its subsidiaries involving the interest of the CEO, each director or controlling shareholder, 

which were either still subsisting at the end of FY2020 or if not then subsisting, entered into since the end of the 

previous financial year. 

 

(I) USE OF PROCEEDS 

 

There were no outstanding proceeds raised from IPO or any offerings pursuant to Chapter 8 of the Catalist Rules 

at the end of FY2020 and no such proceeds have been raised since the end of the previous financial year. 

 

(J) NON-SPONSOR FEES 

 

The Company’s Sponsor, Stamford Corporate Services Pte. Ltd., has not rendered any non-sponsorship services 

to the Company for FY2020. Accordingly, no non-sponsor fees were paid to the Sponsor for FY2020. 


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 

 

 

41 

APPENDIX 7F TO THE CATALIST RULES: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REQUIRED PURSUANT TO RULE 

720(5) IN RELATION TO A DIRECTOR SEEKING RE-ELECTION 

 

The following additional information on the Retiring Directors, who are seeking re-election as Directors at the 

forthcoming AGM, is to be read in conjunction with their profiles in this Annual Report.  

 

 

Name of Person 

Soennerstedt Carl Johan Pontus  

Sugiono Wiyono Sugialam 

Date of last announced disclosure 

pursuant to Appendix 7F to the Catalist 

Rules (“Previous Announcement”)  

10 April 2019 

25 February 2021 

Any changes to the disclosure required 

pursuant to Appendix 7F to the Catalist 

Rules 

since 

the 

Previous 

Announcement  

Yes 

No 

Changes to the Previous Announcement, if applicable 

Date of Appointment 

5 May 2016 

25 February 2021 

Date of Last Re-Appointment 

26 April 2019 

Not applicable 

Age 

49 

58 

Country of principal residence 

Singapore  

Indonesia 

The 

Board's 

comments 

on 

this 

appointment 

(including 

rationale, 

selection criteria, and the search and 

nomination process) 

The 

re-election 

of 

Mr 

Soennerstedt Carl Johan Pontus 

as Executive Director and CEO of 

the Company was recommended 

by the NC, and the Board has 

accepted the recommendation, 

after 

the 

assessment 

of 

his 

performance, past experiences 

and overall contribution since his 

appointment as a Director of the 

Company. 

 

The re-election of Mr Sugiono 

Wiyono Sugialam as Executive 

Director of the Company was 

recommended by the NC, and the 

Board 

has 

accepted 

the 

recommendation  

after 

the 

assessment 

of 

his 

experience. The Board is of the 

view that he has the requisite 

experience 

and 

capability 

to 

assume the responsibilities of 

Executive Director and Chairman 

of the Board. Mr Sugiono will 

bring 

significant 

energy 

and 

business experience to the Board. 

 

Whether appointment is executive, and 

if so, the area of responsibility 

Executive 

Executive 

Job Title (e.g. Lead ID, AC Chairman, 

AC Member etc.) 

Executive Director and CEO 

Member of Nominating Committee  

 

Executive Director and Executive 

Chairman of the Board 

Member 

of 

Nominating 

Committee  

 

Academic qualifications 

Bachelor of Art in International 

Economics from the American 

University of Paris  

Bachelor’s Degree in Economics 

from University of Surabaya 

Working experience and occupation(s) 

during the past 10 years 

Executive Director and CEO of 

Polaris Ltd. since 2018 

 

Independent Director of Polaris 

Ltd. since 2016  

 

CEO of PT Bayon Management 

from 2014 to 2017 

 

CEO of PT Skybee from 2012 to 

2014 

 

Chief 

Marketing 

Officer 

of 

Carriernet Global from 2012 to 

2012 

 

Country Manager (Indonesia) of 

Yahoo! from 2010 to 2012 

 

President 

Director 

of 

PT 

Trikomsel Oke Tbk  

President Director of PT Global 

Teleshop Tbk  

Member of Advisory Board of 

Sneaker Con Digital Inc  

Co-Founder of Liberica Coffee 

and Kopiku Indonesia 

 

Past Partner in East Ventures 


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 

 

 

42 

Shareholding interest in the listed 

issuer and its subsidiaries  

Nil 

Mr Sugiono Wiyono Sugialam has 

a direct interest of 326,003,652 

ordinary shares and a deemed 

interest 

of 

10,469,189,374 

ordinary shares in the Company 

by virtue of his shareholdings in 

Tres Maria Capital Ltd and PT SL 

Trio. 

Any relationship (including immediate 

family relationships) with any existing 

director, existing executive director, the 

issuer and/or substantial shareholder 

of the listed issuer or of any of its 

principal subsidiaries  

No  

Mr 

Sugiono 

is 

a 

substantial 

shareholder of the Company and 

has a familial relationship with 

Dian Stefani Sugialam, a director 

of Marque Luxury Pte Ltd, which 

is a 51% indirect subsidiary of the 

Company. 

Conflict of interest (including any 

competing business)  

Nil 

Nil 

Undertaking (in the format set out in 

Appendix 7H) under Rule 720(1) has 

been submitted to the listed issuer 

Yes 

Yes 

* "Principal Commitments" has the same meaning as defined in the Code. 

# These fields are not applicable for announcements of appointments pursuant to Listing Rule 704(8) 

Past (for the last 5 years)  

 

 

Director 

of 

PT 

Bayon 

Management  

 

Non-Executive Director of Polaris 

Ltd (2011-2016) and Director of 

Polaris 

Device 

Pte 

Ltd 

(Singapore) 

Director of Trikomsel Pte Ltd 

Director of Trikomsel Singapore 

Pte Ltd 

Director of Kaffeine Inc Pte Ltd 

Director of Grain &amp; Green Pte Ltd 

Director of PT Skybee Tbk 

Commissioner of PT Triyakom 

Present 

 

 

Director of Polaris Explorer Pte. 

Ltd. 

Director of Polaris Network Pte. 

Ltd. 

Director of Polaris Device Pte. 

Ltd. 

Director of Marque Luxury Pte. 

Ltd. 

Director 

of 

Polaristitans 

Philippines Inc. 

 

President 

Director 

of 

PT 

Trikomsel Oke Tbk (Indonesia) 

President Director of PT Global 

Teleshop Tbk (Indonesia) 

President Director of PT Trio 

Distribusi (Indonesia) 

President Director of PT Okeshop 

(Indonesia) 

President Director of PT Herbal 

Globe Natural (Indonesia) 

Director of Crayon Digital Pte Ltd 

(Singapore) 

Director of Escomindo Pte Ltd 

(Singapore) 

(a)  Whether at any time during the last 

10 years, an application or a 

petition under any bankruptcy law 

of any jurisdiction was filed against 

him or against a partnership of 

which he was a partner at the time 

when he was a partner or at any 

time within 2 years from the date 

he ceased to be a partner? 

No  

 

No  

 

(b)  Whether at any time during the last 

10 years, an application or a 

petition under any law of any 

jurisdiction was filed against an 

entity (not being a partnership) of 

which he was a director or an 

equivalent 

person 

or 

a 

key 

executive, at the time when he was 

a director or an equivalent person 

or a key executive of that entity or 

at any time within 2 years from the 

No  

 

Yes. 

Compulsory 

winding 

up 

of 

Trikomsel Pte Ltd and Trikomsel 

Singapore Pte Ltd (both in 2017), 

as part of the restructuring of PT 

Trikomsel Oke Tbk. 


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 

 

 

43 

date he ceased to be a director or 

an equivalent person or a key 

executive of that entity, for the 

winding up or dissolution of that 

entity or, where that entity is the 

trustee of a business trust, that 

business trust, on the ground of 

insolvency? 

(c) Whether there is any unsatisfied 

judgment against him? 

No  

 No. 

(d)  Whether 

he 

has 

ever 

been 

convicted 

of 

any 

offence, 

in 

Singapore or elsewhere, involving 

fraud 

or 

dishonesty 

which 

is 

punishable with imprisonment, or 

has been the subject of any 

criminal proceedings (including any 

pending criminal proceedings of 

which he is aware) for such 

purpose?  

No 

No 

(e)  Whether 

he 

has 

ever 

been 

convicted 

of 

any 

offence, 

in 

Singapore or elsewhere, involving a 

breach of any law or regulatory 

requirement that relates to the 

securities or futures industry in 

Singapore or elsewhere, or has 

been the subject of any criminal 

proceedings (including any pending 

criminal proceedings of which he is 

aware) for such breach? 

No 

No 

(f)  Whether at any time during the last 

10 years, judgment has been 

entered against him in any civil 

proceedings 

in 

Singapore 

or 

elsewhere involving a breach of 

any law or regulatory requirement 

that relates to the securities or 

futures industry in Singapore or 

elsewhere, or a finding of fraud, 

misrepresentation or dishonesty on 

his part, or he has been the subject 

of any civil proceedings (including 

any pending civil proceedings of 

which he is aware) involving an 

allegation 

of 

fraud, 

misrepresentation or dishonesty on 

his part? 

No 

No 

(g)  Whether 

he 

has 

ever 

been 

convicted 

in 

Singapore 

or 

elsewhere 

of 

any 

offence 

in 

connection with the formation or 

management of any entity or 

business trust? 

No 

No 

(h)  Whether 

he 

has 

ever 

been 

disqualified 

from 

acting 

as 

a 

director or an equivalent person of 

any entity (including the trustee of 

a business trust), or from taking 

part directly or indirectly in the 

management of any entity or 

business trust? 

No 

No 


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 

 

 

44 

(i)  Whether he has ever been the 

subject of any order, judgment or 

ruling of any court, tribunal or 

governmental body, permanently 

or temporarily enjoining him from 

engaging in any type of business 

practice or activity? 

No 

No 

(j) Whether he has ever, to his 

knowledge, been concerned with 

the management of conduct, in 

Singapore or elsewhere, of the 

affairs of:-  

(i)  any 

corporation 

which 

has 

been investigated for a breach 

of 

any 

law 

or 

regulatory 

requirement 

governing 

corporations in Singapore or 

elsewhere; or 

(ii)  any 

entity 

(not 

being 

a 

corporation) which has been 

investigated for a breach of any 

law or regulatory requirement 

governing 

such 

entities 

in 

Singapore or elsewhere; or 

(iii)  any business trust which has 

been investigated for a breach 

of 

any 

law 

or 

regulatory 

requirement 

governing 

business trusts in Singapore or 

elsewhere; or 

(iv)  any entity or business trust 

which has been investigated for 

a 

breach 

of 

any 

law 

or 

regulatory 

requirement 

that 

relates to the securities or 

futures industry in Singapore or 

elsewhere,  

in connection with any matter occurring 

or arising during that period when he 

was so concerned with the entity or 

business trust? 

No 

No 

(k)  Whether he has been the subject 

of any current or past investigation 

or disciplinary proceedings, or has 

been reprimanded or issued any 

warning, by the Monetary Authority 

of 

Singapore 

or 

any 

other 

regulatory 

authority, 

exchange, 

professional body or government 

agency, whether in Singapore or 

elsewhere? 

No 

No 

Any prior experience as a director of a listed company? 

If yes, please provide details of prior 

experience.  

If no, please state if the director has 

attended or will be attending training 

on the roles and responsibilities of a 

director of a listed issuer as prescribed 

by the Exchange.  

Please provide details of relevant 

experience 

and 

the 

Nominating 

Committee’s reasons for not requiring 

the director to undergo training as 

prescribed 

by 

the 

Exchange 

(if 

applicable). 

Not applicable. 

 

Mr 

Soennerstedt 

Carl 

Johan 

Pontus 

is 

nominated 

for 

re-

election to the Board. 

Not applicable. 

 

Mr Sugiono Wiyono Sugialam is 

nominated for re-election to the 

Board. 

 

Mr Sugiono Wiyono Sugialam 

was previously a non-executive 

director of the Company from 

2011-2016 and is currently the 

President 

Director 

of 

PT 

Trikomsel Oke Tbk and PT Global 

Teleshop Tbk. 

 

 


DIRECTOR’S STATEMENT 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

 

45 

The directors present their statement to the members together with the audited consolidated financial 

statements of Polaris Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) for the 

financial year ended 31 December 2020 and the statement of financial position of the Company as at 

31 December 2020. 

 

In the opinion of the directors, 

 

(a) 

the consolidated financial statements of the Group and the statement of financial position of 

the Company are properly drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the consolidated 

financial position of the Group and the financial position of the Company as at 31 December 

2020 and of the consolidated financial performance, consolidated changes in equity and 

consolidated cash flows of the Group for the year then ended; and 

 

(b) 

at the date of this statement, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be 

able to pay its debts as and when they fall due. 

 

 

1 

Directors 

 

The directors of the Company in office at the date of this statement are: 

 

Sugiono Wiyono Sugialam 

(Executive Director &amp; Executive Chairman) 

 

(Appointed on 25 February 2021) 

Sonnerstedt Carl Johan Pontus 

(Executive Director &amp; Chief Executive Officer) 

Ong Kok Wah 

(Independent Non-Executive Director) 

Masahiko Yabuki 

(Independent Non-Executive Director) 

Diana Airin 

(Independent Non-Executive Director) 

 

(Appointed on 8 April 2020) 

Evy Soenarjo 

(Non-Independent Non-Executive Director) 

 

(Appointed on 8 April 2020) 

 

 

2 

Arrangements to Enable Directors to Acquire Shares or Debentures 

 

Neither at the end of nor at any time during the financial year was the Company a party to any 

arrangement whose objects are, or one of whose objects is, to enable the directors of the 

Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the 

Company or any other body corporate. 

 


DIRECTOR’S STATEMENT 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

 

46 

3 

Directors' Interests in Shares or Debentures 

 

According to the register of directors’ shareholdings kept by the Company under section 164 

of the Singapore Companies Act, Chapter 50 (the “Act”), the directors of the Company who 

held office at the end of the financial year (“FY”) had no interests in the shares or debentures 

of the Company and its related corporations except as stated below. 

 

 

Direct interest 

Deemed interest 

Name of director(s) 

At the 

beginning 

of FY 

At the 

end of FY 

At the 

beginning 

of FY 

At the 

end of FY 

 

 

 

 

 

 

No. of ordinary shares 

‘000 

No. of ordinary shares 

‘000 

 

 

 

 

 

Polaris Ltd. 

 

 

 

 

Ong Kok Wah 

70,000 

70,000 

- 

- 

 

 

 

 

 

There was no change in any of the above-mentioned interests between the end of the financial 

year and 21 January 2021. 

 

Except as disclosed in this statement, no director who held office at the end of the financial 

year had interests in shares or debentures of the Company and its related corporations, either 

at the beginning of the financial year or at the end of the financial year. 

 

 

4 

Share Options 

 

There were no share options granted during the financial year to subscribe for unissued shares 

of the Company and/or its subsidiaries. 

 

There were no shares issued during the financial year by virtue of the exercise of options to 

take up unissued shares of the Company and/or its subsidiaries. 

 

There were no unissued shares of the Company and/or its subsidiaries under option at the end 

of the financial year. 

 


DIRECTOR’S STATEMENT 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

 

47 

5 

Audit and Risk Management Committee 

 

The Audit and Risk Management Committee (“ARMC”) comprises the following directors at 

the date of this statement: 

 

Masahiko Yabuki (Chairman) 

Ong Kok Wah 

Diana Airin (Appointed on 8 April 2020) 

Evy Soenarjo (Appointed on 8 April 2020) 

 

The ARMC carried out its functions in accordance with Section 201B(5) of the Singapore 

Companies Act, Chapter 50, the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist of the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) and the Code of Corporate Governance 

and assists the Board of Directors in the execution of its corporate governance responsibilities 

within its established terms of reference.  

 

The duties of the ARMC, amongst other things, include: 

 

(a) 

review the audit plans of the internal and external auditors of the Company, and 

review the internal auditors’ evaluation of the adequacy of the Group’s/Company’s 

system of internal accounting controls and the assistance given by the 

Group’s/Company’s management to the external and internal auditors; 

 

(b) 

review the half yearly announcement of financial statements and annual financial 

statements and the auditors’ report on the annual consolidated financial statements of 

the Company and its subsidiaries before their submission to the Board of Directors; 

 

(c) 

review the effectiveness of the Group’s/Company’s material internal controls, 

including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls and 

risk management via reviews carried out by the internal auditors; 

 

(d) 

meet with the external and internal auditors, other committees, and management in 

separate executive sessions to discuss any matters that these groups believe should be 

discussed privately with the ARMC; 

 

(e) 

review legal and regulatory matters that may have a material impact on the financial 

statements, related compliance policies and programs and any reports received from 

regulators;  

 

(f) 

review the cost effectiveness and the independence and objectivity of the external 

auditors;  

 

(g) 

review the nature and extent of non-audit services provided by the external auditors; 

 

(h) 

recommend to the Board of Directors the external auditors to be nominated, approve 

the compensation of the external auditors and review the scope and results of audit; 

 


DIRECTOR’S STATEMENT 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

 

48 

5 

Audit and Risk Management Committee (cont’d) 

 

(i) 

report actions and minutes of the ARMC to the Board of Directors with such 

recommendations as the ARMC considers appropriate; 

 

(j) 

review interested person transactions in accordance with the requirements of the 

Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist of the SGX-ST; and 

 

(k) 

undertake such other functions and duties as may be agreed to by the ARMC and the 

Board of Directors. 

 

The ARMC has undertaken a review of the nature and extent of non-audit services provided 

by the external auditors, and is satisfied that there were no non-audit services rendered that 

would affect the independence and objectivity of the external auditors.  

 

The ARMC has recommended to the Board of Directors that the auditors, Moore Stephens 

LLP, be nominated for re-appointment as auditors at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting 

of the Company. 

 

Further details regarding the ARMC are disclosed in the Report on Corporate Governance 

included in the Company’s Annual Report. 

 

 

6 

Independent Auditors 

 

The auditors, Moore Stephens LLP, have expressed their willingness to accept re-appointment 

as auditors. 

 

 

On behalf of the Board of Directors, 

 

 

 

 

…………………………………….. 

Sonnerstedt Carl Johan Pontus 

Executive Director &amp; Chief Executive Officer 

 

 

 

 

…………………………………….. 

Ong Kok Wah 

Independent Non-Executive Director 

 

Singapore 

3 June 2021 


INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 

to the Members of Polaris Ltd. (Incorporated in Singapore) 

 

 

49 

Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements 

 

Opinion 

 

We have audited the financial statements of Polaris Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries 

(collectively the “Group”), which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position of the 

Group and the statement of financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2020, and the 

consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in 

equity and consolidated statement of cash flows of the Group for the year then ended, and notes to the 

financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.  

 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements of the Group and the statement of financial 

position of the Company are properly drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Companies 

Act, Chapter 50 (the “Act”) and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) (“SFRS(I)s”) 

so as to give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group and the financial 

position of the Company as at 31 December 2020 and of the consolidated financial performance, 

consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of the Group for the year ended on that 

date. 

 

 

Basis for Opinion 

 

We conducted our audit in accordance with Singapore Standards on Auditing (“SSAs”). Our 

responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the 

Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in 

accordance with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”) Code of Professional 

Conduct and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities (“ACRA Code”) together with 

the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Singapore, and we 

have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ACRA 

Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a 

basis for our opinion. 

 

 

Key Audit Matters 

 

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in 

our audit of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context 

of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not 

provide a separate opinion on these matters. 

 


INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 

to the Members of Polaris Ltd. (Incorporated in Singapore) 

 

 

50 

(cont’d) 

 

Key Audit Matters (cont’d) 

 

Key Audit Matter 

How our audit addressed the key audit 

matter 

 

 

Valuation of trade receivables 

We refer to Note 4(b)(i), Note 17 and Note 29(a). 

As at 31 December 2020, the carrying amount of 

the Group’s trade receivables amounted to 

S$6,174,000 (Note 17), which represented 

approximately 37% of its current assets. 

The collectability of trade receivables is a key 

element 

of 

the 

Group’s 

working 

capital 

management, and is managed on an ongoing 

basis by management. The Group determines the 

expected credit loss (“ECL”) of trade receivables 

by 

making 

debtor-specific 

assessments 

of 

expected impairment losses for overdue trade 

receivables and uses a provision matrix for the 

remaining trade receivables that is based on the 

Group’s 

historical 

observed 

default 

rates, 

customers’ ability to pay and adjusted with 

forward-looking information. The assessment of 

correlation between historical observed default 

rates, forecast economic conditions and expected 

credit losses require the management to exercise 

significant 

judgement. 

Accordingly, 

we 

determined this as a key audit matter. 

Our response 

 

Our audit procedures included, amongst others, 

obtaining an understanding of the Group’s 

processes and key controls relating to the 

monitoring of trade receivables and considering 

their aging to identify collection risks. We 

performed audit procedures including, amongst 

others, 

reviewing 

the 

reasonableness 

of 

significant judgements used by the management 

in assessing the recoverability of trade receivables 

and reviewing management’s assessment of the 

recoverability of overdue trade receivables. We 

tested the reasonableness of management’s 

assumptions and inputs used to develop the 

provision matrix, through analysis of ageing of 

trade receivables and historical credit loss 

experience, and reviewed data and information 

that 

management 

has 

used, 

including 

consideration of forward-looking information 

based on specific economic data. We checked to 

subsequent receipts from major debtors after the 

year end. We obtained documentary evidence, 

representation 

and 

explanations 

from 

management to assess the recoverability of 

overdue outstanding debts, where applicable. 

 

In addition, we reviewed the adequacy of the 

disclosures relating to the ECL of trade 

receivables and credit risk in Note 17(a) and Note 

29(a) to the financial statements, respectively. 

 

Our findings 

 

Based on our audit procedures, we found 

management’s assessment of the ECL to be 

reasonable and the disclosures to be appropriate. 

 

 

 


INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 

to the Members of Polaris Ltd. (Incorporated in Singapore) 

 

 

51 

(cont’d) 

 

Other Information  

 

Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the 

information included in the annual report, but does not include the financial statements and our 

auditor’s report thereon. 

 

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express 

any form of assurance conclusion thereon. 

 

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other 

information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with 

the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially 

misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement 

of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. 

 

 

Responsibilities of Management and Directors for the Financial Statements 

 

Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in 

accordance with the provisions of the Act and SFRS(I)s, and for devising and maintaining a system of 

internal accounting controls sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded 

against loss from unauthorised use or disposition; and transactions are properly authorised and that 

they are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair financial statements and to 

maintain accountability of assets. 

 

In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to 

continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the 

going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease 

operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. 

 

The directors’ responsibilities include overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process. 

 


INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 

to the Members of Polaris Ltd. (Incorporated in Singapore) 

 

 

52 

(cont’d) 

 

Auditor’s Responsibility for the Audit of the Financial Statements  

 

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole 

are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that 

includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an 

audit conducted in accordance with SSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. 

Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the 

aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on 

the basis of these financial statements. 

 

As part of an audit in accordance with SSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain 

professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also: 

 

• 

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due 

to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain 

audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of 

not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting 

from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, 

or the override of internal control. 

 

• 

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit 

procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an 

opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control. 

 

• 

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting 

estimates and related disclosures made by management. 

 

• 

Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of 

accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists 

related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to 

continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required 

to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements 

or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the 

audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or 

conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern. 

 

• 

Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including 

the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and 

events in a manner that achieves fair presentation. 

 

• 

Obtain sufficient appropriate evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or 

business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial 

statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group 

audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion. 

 


INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 

to the Members of Polaris Ltd. (Incorporated in Singapore) 

 

 

53 

(cont’d) 

 

Auditor’s Responsibility for the Audit of the Financial Statements (cont’d) 

 

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of 

the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that 

we identify during our audit. 

 

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 

requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other 

matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related 

safeguards. 

 

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most 

significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key 

audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes 

public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a 

matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would 

reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication. 

 

 

Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements  

 

In our opinion, the accounting and other records required by the Act to be kept by the Company and 

by those subsidiary corporations incorporated in Singapore of which we are the auditors have been 

properly kept in accordance with the provisions of the Act. 

 

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Mr Neo Keng 

Jin. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Moore Stephens LLP 

Public Accountants and 

Chartered Accountants 

 

Singapore 

3 June 2021 


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

 

54 

 

 

 

Group 

 

Note 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

Revenue 

5 

32,793 

54,361 

Cost of sales 

 

(29,802) 

(51,390) 

Gross profit 

 

2,991 

2,971 

Other items of income: 

 

 

 

Interest income 

6 

225 

55 

Other income 

7 

988 

139 

Other items of expense: 

 

 

 

Marketing and distribution 

 

(235) 

(63) 

Administrative expenses 

 

(2,805) 

(2,139) 

Finance costs 

8 

(269) 

(250) 

Other expenses 

9 

(1,115) 

(740) 

Share of results of associate, net of tax 

15 

(46) 

284 

(Loss)/Profit before income tax 

10 

(266) 

257 

Income tax expense 

11 

(63) 

(1) 

(Loss)/Profit for the year 

 

(329) 

256 

 

 

 

 

Attributable to: 

 

 

 

Equity holders of the Company 

 

(328) 

205 

Non-controlling interests 

 

(1) 

51 

Total (loss)/profit for the year 

 

(329) 

256 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements. 


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF  

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

 

55 

 

(cont’d) 

 

 

 

Group 

 

Note 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

Total (loss)/profit for the year 

 

(329) 

256 

 

 

 

 

Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax: 

 

 

 

Items that may not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: 

 

 

 

Net loss on the fair value changes of equity instruments at fair 

value through other comprehensive income 

 

- 

(46,184) 

Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: 

 

 

 

Exchange differences on translation 

 

3 

3 

Exchange differences transferred on liquidation of subsidiaries 

 

- 

98 

Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year 

 

3 

(46,083) 

 

 

 

 

Total comprehensive loss for the year 

 

(326) 

(45,827) 

 

 

 

 

Attributable to: 

 

 

 

Equity holders of the Company 

 

(325) 

(45,878) 

Non-controlling interests 

 

(1) 

51 

Total comprehensive loss for the year 

 

(326) 

(45,827) 

 

 

 

 

(Loss)/Earnings per share attributable to  

equity holders of the Company: 

 

 

 

Basic and diluted (cents per share) 

12 

(0.002) 

0.001 

 

 

 

 

 

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements. 


STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION 

As at 31 December 2020 

 

 

56 

 

 

 

Group 

Company 

 

Note 

2020 

2019 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

ASSETS 

 

 

 

 

 

Non-Current Assets 

 

 

 

 

 

Property, plant and equipment 

13 

4,585 

5,052 

3,746 

3,932 

Investments in subsidiaries 

14 

- 

- 

-* 

3,039 

Investment in an associate 

15 

- 

1,320 

- 

- 

Other financial assets 

16 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other receivables 

17 

- 

- 

4,732 

3,568 

 

 

4,585 

6,372 

8,478 

10,539 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Current Assets 

 

 

 

 

 

Trade and other receivables 

17 

6,865 

7,323 

5 

4 

Contract assets 

5 

188 

- 

- 

- 

Inventories 

18 

2,831 

852 

- 

- 

Prepayments 

 

91 

91 

11 

71 

Cash and bank balances 

20 

4,489 

3,879 

1,847 

2,378 

 

 

14,464 

12,145 

1,863 

2,453 

Assets of disposal group classified as 

held-for-sale 

19 

2,184 

2,826 

1,372 

2,826 

 

 

16,648 

14,971 

3,235 

5,279 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total Assets 

 

21,233 

21,343 

11,713 

15,818 

 

 

 

 

 

 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY  

 

 

 

 

 

Current Liabilities 

 

 

 

 

 

Loans and borrowings 

21 

562 

622 

172 

242 

Liabilities directly associated with 

disposal group classified as held-for-sale 

21 

964 

- 

964 

- 

Trade and other payables 

22 

2,064 

1,720 

2,712 

943 

Other liabilities 

23 

677 

358 

241 

167 

Provision for income tax 

 

63 

- 

- 

- 

 

 

4,330 

2,700 

4,089 

1,352 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Non-Current Liabilities 

 

 

 

 

 

Loans and borrowings 

21 

2,849 

4,312 

2,496 

3,630 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total Liabilities 

 

7,179 

7,012 

6,585 

4,982 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Equity Attributable to Equity Holders 

of the Company 

 

 

 

 

 

Share capital 

24(a) 

402,747 

402,747 

402,747 

402,747 

Fair value adjustment 

24(b) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Foreign currency translation reserve 

24(c) 

(470) 

(473) 

- 

- 

Accumulated losses 

 

(388,300) 

(387,972) 

(397,619) 

(391,911) 

 

 

13,977 

14,302 

5,128 

10,836 

Non-controlling interests 

25 

77 

29 

- 

- 

Total Equity 

 

14,054 

14,331 

5,128 

10,836 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total Liabilities and Equity 

 

21,233 

21,343 

11,713 

15,818 

 

 

 

 

 

 

* 

Less than S$1,000. 

 

 

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements. 


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

Attributable to equity holders of the Company 

Note 

Share 

capital 

Fair value 

adjustment 

Foreign 

currency 

translation 

reserve 

Accumulated 

losses 

Total 

Non-controlling 

interests 

Total 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

Group 

Balance at 1 January 2020 

402,747 

-

(473)

(387,972) 

14,302 

29 

14,331 

Loss for the year 

- 

- 

- 

(328)

(328)

(1)

(329)

Other comprehensive income  

- 

- 

3 

-

3

-

3

Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year 

- 

- 

3 

(328)

(325)

(1)

(326)

Acquisition and incorporation of subsidiaries 

- 

- 

- 

- 

-

69

69

Dividend paid to non-controlling interests 

- 

- 

- 

- 

-

(20)

(20)

Balance at 31 December 2020 

402,747 

-

(470)

(388,300) 

13,977 

77 

14,054 

Balance at 1 January 2019 

402,747 

46,184 

(574)

(388,177)

60,180 

310 

60,490 

Profit for the year 

- 

- 

- 

205 

205 

51 

256 

Other comprehensive (loss)/income  

-

(46,184)

101 

-

(46,083)

-

(46,083)

Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year 

-

(46,184)

101 

205 

(45,878) 

51 

(45,827) 

Liquidation of subsidiaries 

- 

- 

- 

- 

-

(332)

(332) 

Balance at 31 December 2019 

402,747 

-

(473)

(387,972) 

14,302 

29 

14,331 

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements. 

57 


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

 

58 

 

 

 

Group 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

 

 

 

(Loss)/Profit before income tax 

 

(266) 

257 

Adjustments for: 

 

 

 

Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 

 

649 

684 

Finance costs 

 

269 

250 

Interest income  

 

(225) 

(55) 

Inventories written-down 

 

- 

23 

Reversal amount on asset transfer 

 

- 

(79) 

Net loss on liquidation of subsidiaries 

 

- 

76 

Bargain purchase 

 

(37) 

- 

Net gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment 

 

- 

(1) 

Net gain on disposal of assets held-for-sale 

 

(38) 

- 

Allowance for impairment loss on assets held-for-sale 

 

452 

- 

Share of results of associate 

 

46 

(284) 

Unrealised exchange gain 

 

137 

(8) 

Operating cash flows before changes in working capital 

 

987 

863 

Changes in working capital: 

 

 

 

Inventories 

 

(1,979) 

(127) 

Trade and other receivables, contract assets 

 

801 

(5,132) 

Prepayments 

 

- 

(33) 

Trade and other payables 

 

(145) 

1,069 

Other liabilities 

 

319 

16 

Cash flows used in operations 

 

(17) 

(3,344) 

Interest received 

 

26 

55 

Interest paid 

 

(221) 

(228) 

Income taxes paid 

 

- 

(51) 

Net cash flows used in operating activities 

 

(212) 

(3,568) 

 

 

 

 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

 

 

 

Purchase of property, plant and equipment 

 

(110) 

(112) 

Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment 

 

- 

1 

Proceeds from disposal of assets held-for-sale 

 

1,388 

- 

Amounts due from related parties 

 

(311) 

- 

Dividends received from an associate 

 

114 

148 

Net cash outflow on acquisition of subsidiary 

 

(5) 

- 

Net cash flows generated from investing activities 

 

1,076 

37 

 

 

 

 

 

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements. 

 

 


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

 

59 

(cont’d) 

 

 

 

Group 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

 

 

 

Repayments of bank loans 

 

(240) 

(655) 

Principal payment of lease liabilities 

 

(439) 

(419) 

Amounts due to related parties 

 

489 

- 

Capital contribution by non-controlling interests 

 

28 

- 

Dividend paid to non-controlling interests 

 

(20) 

- 

Net cash flows used in financing activities 

 

(182) 

(1,074) 

 

 

 

 

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

 

682 

(4,605) 

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 

 

3,879 

8,445 

Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash 

equivalents held in foreign currencies 

 

(72) 

39 

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year (Note 20) 

 

4,489 

3,879 

 

 

 

 

 

The reconciliation of movements of the liabilities to cash flows arising from financing activities is 

presented below. 

 

 

 

 

Cash flows – 

 

 

 

 

Adopting 

advances/ 

Other 

 

 

1 January  

SFRS(I) 16 (repayments) 

changes* 

31 December  

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

Group 

 

 

 

 

 

2020 

 

 

 

 

 

Amounts due to related 

parties 

- 

- 

489 

- 

489 

Bank loans 

3,872 

- 

(240) 

- 

3,632 

Lease liabilities 

1,062 

- 

(439) 

120 

743 

 

4,934 

- 

(190) 

120 

4,864 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2019 

 

 

 

 

 

Bank loans 

4,527 

- 

(655) 

- 

3,872 

Lease liabilities 

- 

390 

(419) 

1,091 

1,062 

 

4,527 

390 

(1,074) 

1,091 

4,934 

 

 

 

 

 

 

* 

Other changes include additional lease liabilities in relation to the renewal of existing motor 

vehicles lease amounting to S$72,000 (2019: retail outlet lease amounting to S$1,069,000) and 

accretion of interest amounting to S$48,000 (2019: S$22,000). 

 

 

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements. 

 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

60 

These notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial 

statements. 

 

 

1 

General 

 

Polaris Ltd. (the “Company”) is a public limited liability company incorporated and domiciled 

in Singapore and is listed on the Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (“SGX-ST”). The Company’s registered office and principal place of business is at 

81 Ubi Avenue 4, #03-11, Singapore 408830. 

 

The principal activity of the Company is that of investment holding. The principal activities of 

the subsidiaries are set out in Note 14. 

 

The consolidated financial statements of the Group and statement of financial position of the 

Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 were approved and authorised for 

issue in accordance with a resolution of the directors on the date of the Directors’ Statement. 

 

 

2 

Application of Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) (“SFRS(I)s”) 

 

(a) 

Application of New and Revised Standards and Interpretations 

 

The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the previous financial year 

except that in the current financial year, the Group has adopted all the new and revised 

standards which are relevant to the Group and are effective for annual financial periods 

beginning on or after 1 January 2020. 

 

Description 

 

Amendments to SFRS(I) 3 Definition of a Business 

Amendments to SFRS(I) 7, SFRS(I) 9 and SFRS(I) 1-39 Interest Rate Benchmark Reform 

Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1 and SFRS(I) 1-8 Definition of Material 

 

Except for the amendments to SFRS(I) 3 described below, the adoption of the other new and 

revised standards above did not have any material effect on the financial performance of the 

Group or financial positions of the Group and the Company. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

61 

2 

Application of Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) (“SFRS(I)s”) 

(cont’d) 

 

(a) 

Application of New and Revised Standards and Interpretations (cont’d) 

 

The amendments confirm that a business must include inputs and a process. The amendments 

also clarify that the process must be substantive, and the inputs and process must significantly 

contribute to creating outputs. The revised definition of a business focuses on goods and 

services provided to customers and other income from ordinary activities, rather than on 

providing dividends or other economic benefits directly to investors or lowering costs. The 

amendments remove the assessment of whether market participants are capable of replacing 

any missing inputs or processes and continuing to produce outputs. A new optional test is 

available to assess whether a business has been acquired, when the value of the assets 

acquired is concentrated in a single asset or group of similar assets. These amendments are 

applicable to business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning 

of the first annual reporting period beginning on or after 1 January 2020 and to asset 

acquisitions that occur on or after the beginning of that period. 

 

(b) 

New and Revised Standards Issued but Not Yet Effective  

 

At the date of authorisation of these financial statements, the Group has not adopted the 

following new and revised standards applicable to the Group that have been issued but are not 

yet effective: 

 

Description 

Effective for  

annual periods 

beginning on or after 

 

 

Amendments to SFRS(I) 16 COVID-19 Related Rent Concessions 

1 June 2020 

Amendments to SFRS(I) 16 COVID-19 Related Rent Concessions 

beyond 30 June 2021 

1 April 2021 

Annual Improvements to SFRS(I)s/FRSs Standards 2018-2020 

Cycle 

- SFRS(I) 9 Financial Instruments – Fees in the ‘10 per cent’ test 

for derecognition 

1 January 2022 

Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-16 Property, Plant and Equipment – 

Proceeds before Intended Use 

1 January 2022 

Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-37 Provisions - Onerous Contracts – 

Cost of Fulfilling a Contract 

1 January 2022 

Amendments to SFRS(I) 3 Business Combinations – Reference to 

the Conceptual Framework 

1 January 2022 

Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1 Presentation of Financial Statements: 

Classification of liabilities as current or non-current 

1 January 2023 

Amendments to SFRS(I) 10 and SFRS(I) 1-28 Investments in 

Associates and Joint Ventures – Sale or contribution of assets 

between an investor and its associate or joint venture 

Deferred indefinitely, 

early application is 

still permitted 

 

The Group expects that the adoption of the above new and revised standards will have no 

material impact on the financial statements in the period of initial application. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

62 

3 

Significant Accounting Policies 

 

(a) 

Basis of Preparation 

 

The consolidated financial statements of the Group and the statement of financial position of 

the Company have been prepared in accordance with the provisions of the Singapore 

Companies Act, Chapter 50 (the “Act”) and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards 

(International) (“SFRS(I)”). The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost 

basis, except as disclosed in the accounting policies below. 

 

 

(b) 

Group Accounting 

 

i. 

Subsidiaries 

 

Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has 

control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, 

variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those 

returns through its power over the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the 

date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the 

date that control ceases. 

 

The Company reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and 

circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of 

control listed above. When the Company has less than a majority of the voting rights 

of an investee, it has power over the investee when the voting rights are sufficient to 

give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee unilaterally. 

 

Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries and businesses, represents the excess of the 

sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the 

acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previously-held equity interest in 

the acquiree over the fair value of the fair value of the investee’s identifiable net 

assets acquired. Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is initially measured at cost. 

Following initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated 

impairment loss. Gains and losses on the disposal of subsidiaries, include the carrying 

amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold. 

 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

63 

3 

Significant Accounting Policies (cont’d) 

 

(b) 

Group Accounting (cont’d) 

 

i. 

Subsidiaries (cont’d) 

 

The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations when 

the acquired set of activities and assets meets the definition of a business and control 

is transferred to the Group. In determining whether an integrated set of activities and 

assets is a business, the Group assesses whether the set of assets and activities 

acquired includes, at a minimum, an input and substantive process that together 

significantly contribute to the ability to create output. A business can exist without 

including all of the inputs and processes needed to create output. The Group has an 

option to apply a ‘fair value concentration test’ that permits a simplified assessment of 

whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business. The concentration 

test can be applied on a transaction-by-transaction basis. The optional concentration 

test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is 

concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. If the 

test is met, the set of activities and assets is determined not to be a business and no 

further assessment is needed. If the test is not met, or if the Group elects not to apply 

the test, a detailed assessment must be performed applying the normal requirements in 

SFRS(I) 3. 

 

The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values of 

the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquiree and 

the equity interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes the 

fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration 

arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities 

assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the 

acquisition date. The Group recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquiree on 

an acquisition-by-acquisition basis, either at fair value or at the non-controlling 

interest’s proportionate share of the recognised amounts of acquiree’s identifiable net 

assets. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. 

 

If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value 

of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree is re-measured to fair 

value at the acquisition date; any gains or losses arising from such re-measurement 

are recognised in profit or loss. 

 

Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the Group is recognised at fair 

value at the acquisition date. Subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent 

consideration that is deemed to be an asset or liability is recognised in profit or loss. 

Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not re-measured, and its 

subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

64 

3 

Significant Accounting Policies (cont’d) 

 

(b) 

Group Accounting (cont’d) 

 

i. 

Subsidiaries (cont’d) 

 

If the total of consideration transferred, non-controlling interest recognised and 

previously-held interest measured is less than the fair value of the net assets of the 

subsidiary acquired as in the case of a bargain purchase, the difference is recognised 

directly in the income statement. 

 

Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between 

group companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the 

transaction provides evidence of an impairment indicator of the transferred assets. 

When necessary, amounts reported by subsidiaries have been adjusted to conform 

with the Group’s accounting policies. 

 

Transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in loss of control are 

accounted for as equity transactions – that is, as transactions with the owners in their 

capacity as owners. The difference between fair value of any consideration paid and 

the relevant share acquired of the carrying value of net assets of the subsidiary is 

recorded in equity. Gains or losses on disposals of interests in subsidiaries to non-

controlling interests without loss of control are also recorded in equity. 

 

When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it: 

 

• 

derecognises the assets (including any goodwill) and liabilities of the subsidiary 

at their carrying amounts at the date when control is lost; 

• 

derecognises the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest (including any 

components of other comprehensive income attributable to them); 

• 

recognises the fair value of the consideration received; 

• 

recognises the fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at its 

fair value; 

• 

re-classifies the Group’s share of components previously recognised in other 

comprehensive income to profit or loss or accumulated losses, as appropriate; and 

• 

recognises any resulting difference in profit or loss. 

 

ii. 

Associates 

 

Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not 

control, generally accompanying a shareholding of between 20% and 50% of the 

voting rights.  

 

Goodwill on acquisition of associates represents the excess of the cost of the 

acquisition over the Group’s share of the fair value of the identifiable net assets 

acquired. Goodwill on associates is included in the carrying amount of the 

investments. Gains and losses on the disposal of associates include the carrying 

amounts of goodwill relating to the entity sold. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

65 

3 

Significant Accounting Policies (cont’d) 

 

(b) 

Group Accounting (cont’d) 

 

ii. 

Associates (cont’d) 

 

Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting 

less impairment losses, if any. Under the equity method, the investment is initially 

recognised at cost, and the carrying amount is increased or decreased to recognise the 

investor’s share of the profit or loss of the investee after the date of acquisition. 

 

When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate, but the Group 

continues to apply the equity method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the 

proportion of the gain or loss that had previously been recognised in other 

comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership if that gain or loss 

would be required to be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related 

assets or liabilities. 

 

The Group’s share of post-acquisition profit or loss is recognised in profit or loss, and 

its share of post-acquisition movements in other comprehensive income is recognised 

in other comprehensive income with a corresponding adjustment to the carrying 

amount of the investment. When the Group’s share of losses in an associate equals or 

exceeds its interest in the associate or joint venture, the Group does not recognise 

further losses, unless it has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made 

payments on behalf of the associate. 

 

The Group determines at each reporting date whether there is any objective evidence 

that the investment in the associate is impaired. If this is the case, the Group 

calculates the amount of impairment as the difference between the recoverable 

amount of the associate and its carrying value and recognises the amount in profit or 

loss. 

 

Profits and losses resulting from upstream and downstream transactions between the 

Group and its associate are recognised in the Group’s financial statements only to the 

extent of unrelated investor’s interests in the associates. Unrealised losses are 

eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset 

transferred. Accounting policies of associates have been changed where necessary to 

ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group. 

 

 

(c) 

Investments in Subsidiaries and Associates 

 

Investments in subsidiaries and associates are carried at cost less accumulated impairment 

losses in the statement of financial position of the Company.  

 

On disposal of investments in subsidiaries and associates, the difference between the net 

disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the investments are recognised in profit or loss. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

66 

3 

Significant Accounting Policies (cont’d) 

 

(d) 

Revenue Recognition 

 

Revenue is measured based on the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in 

exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer, excluding amounts 

collected on behalf of third parties. 

 

Revenue is recognised when the Group satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a 

promised good or service to the customer, which is when the customer obtains control of the 

good or service. A performance obligation may be satisfied at a point in time or over time. 

The amount of revenue recognised is the amount allocated to the satisfied performance 

obligation. 

 

i. 

Distribution sale of mobile handsets and accessories, and lifestyle products 

sales 

 

Revenue from the distribution sale of mobile handsets and accessories, and lifestyle 

products sales is recognised when control of the products has transferred, being when 

the goods are delivered to the customer, the customer has full discretion over the 

manner of distribution and price to sell the goods, and there is no unfulfilled 

obligation that could affect the customer’s acceptance of the goods. Delivery occurs 

when the goods have been shipped to the specific location, the risks of obsolescence 

and loss have been transferred to the customer, and either the customer has accepted 

the goods in accordance with the sales contract, the acceptance provisions have 

lapsed, or the Group has the objective evidence that all criteria for acceptance have 

been satisfied. A receivable is recognised when the goods are delivered as this 

represents the point in time that the right to consideration is unconditional because 

only the passage of time is required before the payment is due. 

 

ii. 

Retail sale of consumer electronics and related products 

 

The Group operates retail outlet selling electronics and related products. Revenue 

from the retail sale of electronics and related products is recognised when control of 

the goods has transferred, being at the point the customer purchases the goods at the 

retail outlet. Payment of the transaction price is due immediately at the point the 

customer purchases the goods. 

 

iii. 

Customer services 

 

The Group provides after-market services to end consumers for equipment repairs and 

technical services. Revenue from customer services is recognised at a point in time 

when the services are rendered. Payment of the transaction price is due immediately at 

the point the customer acknowledges the completion of the services. 

 

 

(e) 

Government Grants 

 

Grants from the government are recognised as a receivable at their fair value when there is 

reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them and 

that the grants will be received. Government grants receivable are recognised as income over 

the periods necessary to match them with the related costs which they are intended to 

compensate, on a systematic basis. Government grants relating to expenses are shown 

separately under other income. 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

67 

3 

Significant Accounting Policies (cont’d) 

 

(f) 

Leases 

 

i. 

When the Group is the lessee 

 

At the inception of the contract, the Group assesses if the contract contains a lease. A 

contract contains a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an 

identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Reassessment is 

only required when the terms and conditions of the contract are changed. 

 

The Group recognises right-of-use assets and lease liabilities at the date which the 

underlying assets become available for use. Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, 

which comprises the initial measurement of lease liabilities adjusted for any lease 

payments made at or before the commencement dates, plus any initial direct costs 

incurred and an estimate of restoration costs, less any lease incentives received. Any 

initial direct costs that would not have been incurred if the lease had not been 

obtained are added to the carrying amount of the right-of-use assets. 

 

Right-of-use assets are subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from 

the commencement dates to the earlier of the end of the useful lives of the right-of-use 

assets or the end of the lease terms. The estimated useful lives of right-of-use assets 

are determined on the same basis as those of property, plant and equipment. In 

addition, the right-of-use assets are periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any, 

and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the corresponding lease liabilities. The 

Group presents its right-of-use assets (except for those which meets the definition of 

an investment property) in “Property, plant and equipment” and lease liabilities in 

“Loans and borrowings” in the consolidated statement of financial position. 

 

The initial measurement of lease liabilities is measured at the present value of the 

lease payments discounted using the implicit rate in the lease, if the rate can be 

readily determined. If that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group uses its 

incremental borrowing rate. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

68 

3 

Significant Accounting Policies (cont’d) 

 

(f) 

Leases (cont’d) 

 

i. 

When the Group is the lessee (cont’d) 

 

Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the 

following: 

 

• 

Fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives 

receivables;  

• 

Variable lease payments that are based on an index or rate, initially measured 

using the index or rate as at the commencement date;  

• 

Amounts expected to be payable under residual value guarantees; 

• 

The exercise price of a purchase option if is reasonably certain to exercise the 

option; and  

• 

Payment of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group 

exercising that option. 

 

For contracts that contain both lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates 

the consideration to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone 

price of the lease and non-lease components. The Group has elected not to separate 

lease and non-lease components for property leases; instead they are accounted for as 

one single lease component. 

 

Lease liabilities are measured at amortised cost, and are remeasured when: 

 

• 

There is a change in future lease payments arising from changes in an index or 

rate;   

• 

There is a change in the Group’s assessment of whether it will exercise lease 

extension and termination options;   

• 

There is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable 

under a residual value guarantee; or   

• 

There is a modification to the lease term. 

 

When lease liabilities are remeasured, corresponding adjustments are made against 

the right-of-use assets. If the carrying amounts of the right-of-use assets have been 

reduced to zero, the adjustments are recorded in profit or loss. The Group has elected 

not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have 

lease terms of 12 months or less, as well as leases of low value assets, except in the 

case of sub-lease arrangements. Lease payments relating to these leases are expensed 

to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

 

Variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate are included in the 

measurement of the corresponding right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. Other 

variable lease payments are recognised in profit or loss when incurred. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

69 

3 

Significant Accounting Policies (cont’d) 

 

(f) 

Leases (cont’d) 

 

ii. 

When the Group is the lessor  

 

Each lease in which the Group acts as a lessor is classified as either an operating or a 

finance lease at lease inception. Leases that transfer substantially all of the risks and 

rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying assets are classified as finance 

leases. Other leases are classified as operating leases. 

 

Lessor - operating leases 

 

Leases of investment properties where the Group retains substantially all risks and 

rewards incidental to ownership are classified as operating leases. Rental income from 

operating leases (net of any incentives given to the lessees) is recognised in income 

on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Initial direct costs incurred by the Group 

in negotiating and arranging operating leases are added to the carrying amount of the 

leased assets and recognised as an expense in profit or loss over the lease term on the 

same basis as the lease income. Contingent rents are recognised as income in profit or 

loss when earned. 

 

(g) 

Foreign Currencies 

 

i. 

Functional and presentation currency  

 

The individual financial statements of each entity in the Group are presented in the 

currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (its 

functional currency). 

 

For the purposes of the consolidated financial statements, the results and financial 

position of each entity in the Group are expressed in Singapore Dollars (“S$”), which 

is the functional currency of the Company and the presentation currency for the 

consolidated financial statements. 

 

All values are rounded to the nearest thousand (S$’000) except when otherwise 

indicated. 

 

ii. 

Transactions and balances 

 

In preparing the financial statements of each individual entity, transactions in 

currencies other than the entity’s functional currency (foreign currencies) are 

recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing at the dates of the transactions. 

 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

70 

3 

Significant Accounting Policies (cont’d) 

 

(g) 

Foreign Currencies (cont’d) 

 

ii. 

Transactions and balances (cont’d) 

 

At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign 

currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Currency translation 

differences resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation 

of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the closing 

rates at the reporting date are recognised in profit or loss.  

 

Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies 

are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the date when the fair value was determined. 

Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency 

are not retranslated. 

 

iii. 

Translation of Group entities’ financial statements 

 

The results and financial position of all the Group entities that have a functional 

currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the presentation 

currency as follows: 

 

• 

assets and liabilities are translated at the closing exchange rates at the reporting 

date; 

• 

income and expenses are translated at average exchange rates (unless the average 

is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing 

on the transactions dates, in which the case income and expenses are translated 

using the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions); and 

• 

all resulting currency translation differences are recognised in other 

comprehensive income and accumulated in the foreign currency translation 

reserve. 

 

On the disposal of a foreign operation (i.e. a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in 

a foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that 

includes a foreign operation, or a partial disposal of an interest in a joint arrangement 

or an associate that includes a foreign operation of which the retained interest 

becomes a financial asset), all of the exchange differences accumulated in equity in 

respect of that operation attributable to the owners of the Company are reclassified to 

profit or loss.  

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

71 

3 

Significant Accounting Policies (cont’d) 

 

(g) 

Foreign Currencies (cont’d) 

 

iii. 

Translation of Group entities’ financial statements (cont’d) 

 

In addition, in relation to a partial disposal of a subsidiary that includes a foreign 

operation that does not result in the Group losing control over the subsidiary, the 

proportionate share of accumulated exchange differences are re-attributed to non-

controlling interests and are not recognised in profit or loss. For all other partial 

disposals (i.e. partial disposals of associates or joint arrangements that do not result in 

the Group losing significant influence or joint control), the proportionate share of the 

accumulated exchange differences is reclassified to profit or loss.  

 

Goodwill and fair value adjustments to identifiable assets acquired and liabilities 

assumed through acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities 

of the foreign operation and translated at the rate of exchange prevailing at the end of 

each reporting period. Exchange differences arising are recognised in other 

comprehensive income. 

 

 

(h) 

Borrowing Costs 

 

All borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred. 

 

 

(i) 

Employee Benefits 

 

Employee benefits are recognised as an expense in profit or loss, unless the cost qualifies to 

be capitalised as an asset. 

 

i. 

Defined contribution plans 

 

Defined contribution plans are post-employment benefit plans under which the Group 

pays fixed contributions into separate entities such as the Central Provident Fund on a 

mandatory, contractual or voluntary basis. The Group has no further payment 

obligations once the contributions have been paid. 

 

Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are recognised as an 

expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions. 

 

ii. 

Employee leave entitlement 

 

Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised as a liability when they accrue 

to employees. A provision for the estimated liability for annual leave is recognised for 

services rendered by employees up to the reporting date. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

72 

3 

Significant Accounting Policies (cont’d) 

 

(j) 

Income Tax  

 

Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax. 

 

i. 

Current tax 

 

Current income tax for current and prior periods is recognised at the amount expected 

to be paid to or recovered from the tax authorities, using the tax rates and tax laws 

that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting date. The 

Group periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations 

in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions, 

where appropriate, on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities. 

 

ii. 

Deferred tax 

 

Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of 

assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used 

in the computation of taxable profit. 

 

Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. 

Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences 

to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which 

those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. 

 

Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference 

arises from goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in a business 

combination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the 

taxable profit nor the accounting profit. 

 

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated 

with investments in subsidiaries and associates, except where the Group is able to 

control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary 

difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. 

 

Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with 

such investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that 

there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the 

temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future. 

 

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting 

period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable 

profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

73 

3 

Significant Accounting Policies (cont’d) 

 

(j) 

Income Tax (cont’d) 

 

ii. 

Deferred tax (cont’d) 

 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to 

apply in the period in which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax 

rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the 

reporting period. 

 

The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences 

that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the 

reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities. 

 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right 

to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to 

income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Group intends to settle its 

current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis. 

 

The Group recognises a previously unrecognised deferred tax asset to the extent that it 

has become probable that future taxable profit will allow the deferred tax asset to be 

recovered. 

 

iii. 

Current and deferred tax for the period 

 

Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to 

items that are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in 

which case the current and deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive 

income or directly in equity respectively. Where the current and deferred tax arises 

from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is taken into 

account in the accounting for the business combination. 

 

 

(k) 

Property, Plant and Equipment 

 

i. 

Measurement 

 

All items of property, plant and equipment are initially recognised at cost and 

subsequently carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated 

impairment losses.  

 

The cost includes its purchase price and any costs directly attributable to bringing the 

asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the 

manner intended by management. Dismantlement, removal or restoration costs are 

included as part of the cost if the obligation for dismantlement, removal or restoration 

is incurred as a consequence of acquiring or using the property, plant and equipment. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

74 

3 

Significant Accounting Policies (cont’d) 

 

(k) 

Property, Plant and Equipment (cont’d) 

 

ii. 

Depreciation  

 

Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost less their residual values over 

their useful lives, using the straight-line method. 

 

The following useful lives are used in the calculation of depreciation: 

 

Commercial properties 

30 years 

Furniture, fixtures and renovation 

3 to 5 years 

Office equipment and computers 

3 to 5 years 

Retail outlet 

3 years 

Motor vehicles 

2 years 

 

The carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment 

when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be 

recoverable. 

 

The residual value, useful life and depreciation method are reviewed at each financial 

year and adjusted as appropriate at each reporting date. The effects of any revision are 

recognised in profit or loss when the changes arise. 

 

iii. 

Subsequent expenditure 

 

Subsequent expenditure related to property, plant and equipment that has been 

recognised is added to the carrying amount of the asset only when it is probable that 

future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost 

can be measured reliably. All other repair and maintenance expenses are recognised in 

profit or loss when incurred. 

 

iv. 

Disposal 

 

An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no 

future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. 

 

The gain or loss arising on disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and 

equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying 

amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

75 

3 

Significant Accounting Policies (cont’d) 

 

(l) 

Impairment of Non-Financial Assets  

 

Non-financial assets are tested for impairment whenever there is any indication that these 

assets may be impaired. 

 

At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-

financial assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an 

impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated 

in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any), on an individual asset. 

 

Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group 

estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. 

Where a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be identified, corporate assets are 

also allocated to individual cash-generating units, or otherwise they are allocated to the 

smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis 

can be identified. 

 

Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In 

assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value 

using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of 

money and the risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not 

been adjusted. 

 

If the recoverable amount of an asset (or cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its 

carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit) is reduced to its 

recoverable amount.  

 

The difference between the carrying amount and recoverable amount is recognised as an 

impairment loss in profit or loss.  

 

An assessment is made at each reporting date as to whether there is any indication that 

previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. 

 

Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-

generating unit) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the 

increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been 

determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or cash-generating unit) in 

prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

76 

3 

Significant Accounting Policies (cont’d) 

 

(m) 

Financial Assets 

 

Classification 

 

i. 

Debt instruments 

 

Financial assets that are debt instruments comprise mainly of cash and cash 

equivalents, trade and other receivables, contract assets, and investments in debt 

securities. The Group classifies these assets into categories based on the Group’s 

business model for managing them and their contractual cash flow characteristics. 

 

• 

Financial Assets measured at Amortised Cost (“AC”) comprise of assets that are 

held within a business model whose objective is to hold those assets for collection 

of contractual cash flows, and those contractual cash flows represent solely 

payments of principal and interest. 

 

• 

Financial Assets measured at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income 

(“FVOCI”) comprise of assets that are held within a business model whose 

objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling those 

assets, and those contractual cash flows represent solely payments of principal 

and interest. 

 

• 

Financial Assets measured at Fair Value through Profit and loss (“FVPL”) 

comprise of assets that do not qualify for AC and FVOCI. Assets that would 

otherwise qualify for AC or FVOCI may also be designated as FVPL upon initial 

recognition, if such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement 

or recognition inconsistency that arises from measuring assets and liabilities on an 

inconsistent basis. 

 

ii. 

Equity instruments 

 

Financial assets that are equity instruments comprise mainly of investments in equity 

securities. The Group classifies these assets as FVPL, except for those that the Group 

has designated as FVOCI. The FVOCI designation is irrevocable, and is not permitted 

for held-for-trading financial assets and financial assets that represent contingent 

consideration in a business combination. 

 

A financial asset is held for trading if: 

 

• 

it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling it in the near term; or 

• 

on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments 

that the Group manages together and has evidence of a recent actual pattern of 

short-term profit-taking; or 

• 

it is a derivative (except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a 

designated and effective hedging instrument). 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

77 

3 

Significant Accounting Policies (cont’d) 

 

(m) 

Financial Assets (cont’d) 

 

Initial measurement 

 

Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are initially 

recognised at their transaction price. Other financial assets are initially recognised at 

fair value, plus, for financial assets that are not at FVPL, transaction costs that are 

directly attributable to their acquisition.  

 

Transaction costs of financial assets at FVPL are expensed in profit and loss. 

 

Subsequent measurement 

 

i. 

Debt instruments 

 

AC 

 

These assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest 

method unless they are part of a designated hedging relationship. Impairment losses 

and reversals, interest income, and foreign exchange gains and losses (except where 

designated as a hedging instrument) on such assets are recognised in profit and loss. 

Interest income is based on the effective interest method which allocates interest 

income over the life of the financial asset based on an effective interest rate that 

discounts estimated future cash receipts to its gross carrying amount. 

 

FVOCI 

 

These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Impairment losses and reversals, 

interest income based on the effective interest method, and foreign exchange gains 

and losses (except where designated as a hedging instrument) on such assets are 

recognised in profit and loss. Any remaining fair value movements are recorded in 

OCI. 

 

FVPL 

 

These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. All fair value movements are 

recorded in profit and loss. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

78 

3 

Significant Accounting Policies (cont’d) 

 

(m) 

Financial Assets (cont’d) 

 

Subsequent measurement (cont’d) 

 

ii. 

Equity instruments 

 

Subsequent to initial recognition, all equity investments are measured at fair value. 

Changes in the fair value of FVPL equity investments are recognised in profit and 

loss, while changes in the fair value of FVOCI equity investments are recognised in 

other comprehensive income. All dividend income is recognised in profit and loss, 

except for dividends from FVOCI equity investments that clearly represent a recovery 

of the cost of investment. 

 

Impairment 

 

At each reporting date, the Group assesses expected credit losses (“ECL”) on the 

following financial instruments: 

 

• 

Financial assets that are debt instruments measured at AC and FVOCI; 

• 

Contract assets (as defined in SFRS(I) 15); and 

• 

Financial guarantee contracts. 

 

ECL is a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured at 

the present value of all shortfalls between the cash flows due to the Group in 

accordance with contractual terms, and the cash flows that the Group actually expects 

to receive. ECL is discounted at the effective interest rate of the financial asset. The 

Group records allowances on financial assets based on either the: 

 

• 

12-month ECL – representing the ECL that results from default events that are 

possible within the 12 months after the reporting date (or the expected life of the 

instrument if shorter); or 

• 

Lifetime ECL – representing the ECL that results from all possible default events 

over the expected life of the contract. 

 

Simplified approach – Trade receivables and contract assets 

 

For all trade receivables and contract assets, the Group adopts a simplified approach 

whereby an allowance for lifetime ECL is assessed upon initial recognition. The 

Group estimates lifetime ECL using a provision matrix based on historical credit loss 

experience, adjusted for various factors including debtor-specific factors, forward-

looking information such as industry and economic forecasts, and others as 

appropriate. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

79 

3 

Significant Accounting Policies (cont’d) 

 

(m) 

Financial Assets (cont’d) 

 

Impairment (cont’d) 

 

General approach – All other financial instruments on which ECL assessment is 

required 

 

For all other financial instruments on which ECL is assessed, an allowance for 12-

month ECL is recorded upon initial recognition. The allowance is increased to 

lifetime ECL if the credit risk at each reporting date has increased significantly as 

compared to the credit risk at initial recognition. In assessing whether the credit risk 

of a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition, the 

Group considers all reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and 

available without undue cost or effort including both historical credit experience and 

forward-looking information. 

 

The Group regards the following as events of default: 

 

• 

Events that make it unlikely for the borrower to repay in full unless the Group 

undertakes actions to recover the asset (e.g. by exercising rights over collaterals 

or other credit enhancements); or 

• 

The financial instrument has become overdue in excess of 1 year. 

 

Credit-impaired financial instruments 

 

At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial instrument on which 

ECL assessment is required has become credit-impaired. This is the case when one or 

more events have occurred that are considered to be detrimental to the estimated 

future cash flows of the instrument. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired 

includes observable data about the following events: 

 

• 

significant financial difficulty of the borrower; 

• 

a breach of contract such as a default or past due event (e.g. being more than 90 

days past due); 

• 

other lenders granting concessions (such as loan restructurings) to the borrower 

due to economic or contractual reasons, that would not have been considered in 

the absence of the borrower’s financial difficulty; 

• 

increasing likelihood that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial re-

organisation; and 

• 

the disappearance of an active market for the borrower’s securities due to 

financial difficulties. 

 

For credit-impaired financial assets, interest income is determined by applying the 

effective interest rate to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after deduction 

of the ECL allowance). 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

80 

3 

Significant Accounting Policies (cont’d) 

 

(m) 

Financial Assets (cont’d) 

 

Impairment (cont’d) 

 

Write-off policy 

 

The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the 

counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of 

recovery, such as when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has 

entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off may still be subject 

to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account 

legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognised in profit and 

loss. 

 

Recognition and derecognition 

 

Financial assets are recognised when, and only when the Group becomes a party to its 

contractual provisions. All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are 

recognised on trade-date, which is the date on which the Group commits to purchase 

or sell the asset. 

 

The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash 

flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially 

all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another party. If the Group 

neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and 

continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in 

the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group 

retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial 

asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a 

collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received. 

 

On derecognition of a financial asset that is a debt instrument, the difference between 

the asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable 

is recognised in profit and loss. In addition, for a financial asset that is a debt 

instrument at FVOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the fair 

value adjustment reserve is reclassified to profit and loss. 

 

On derecognition of an equity investment at FVPL, the difference between the asset’s 

carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is 

recognised in profit and loss. For equity investments at FVOCI, this difference is 

instead recognised directly in equity as part of accumulated losses. Cumulative gains 

and losses previously accumulated in equity are also transferred directly to 

accumulated losses upon derecognition of FVOCI equity investments. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

81 

3 

Significant Accounting Policies (cont’d) 

 

(n) 

Offsetting of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities 

 

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is presented in the 

combined statement of financial position, when and only when, there is a currently 

enforceable legal right to set off the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a 

net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously. 

 

 

(o) 

Provisions 

 

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a 

result of a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle the obligation, and 

a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. 

 

The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to 

settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and 

uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured using the cash flows 

estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash 

flows (when the effect of the time value of money is material). 

 

When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be 

recovered from a third party, a receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain that 

reimbursement will be received and the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably. 

 

 

(p) 

Financial Liabilities 

 

i. 

Financial liabilities 

 

The Group recognises financial liabilities on its statement of financial position when, 

and only when, the entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the 

instruments. 

 

Financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value plus transaction costs that are 

directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of the financial liability. All financial 

liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest 

method. 

 

Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value (net of transaction costs) and 

subsequently carried at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of 

transaction costs) and the redemption value is recognised in profit or loss over the 

period of the borrowings using the effective interest method. Borrowings are 

presented as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer 

settlement for at least 12 months after the reporting period. An entity shall recognise a 

financial liability on its statement of financial position when, and only when, the 

entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

82 

3 

Significant Accounting Policies (cont’d) 

 

(p) 

Financial Liabilities (cont’d) 

 

ii. 

Derecognition of financial liabilities 

 

The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s 

obligations are discharged, cancelled or they have expired. The difference between 

the carrying amount of a financial liability that has been derecognised and the 

consideration paid and payable (including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities 

assumed) is recognised in profit or loss. 

 

 

(q) 

Related Parties 

 

A related party is defined as follows: 

 

A related party is a person or entity that is related to the entity that is preparing its financial 

statements (in this Standard referred to as the “reporting entity”). 

 

a. 

A person or a close member of that person’s family is related to a reporting entity if 

that person: 

 

i. 

has control or joint control over the reporting entity; 

ii. 

has significant influence over the reporting entity; or 

iii. 

is a member of the key management personnel of the reporting entity or of a 

parent of the reporting entity. 

 

b. 

An entity is related to a reporting entity if any of the following conditions applies: 

 

i. 

the entity and the reporting entity are members of the same group (which 

means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the 

others); 

ii. 

one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or 

joint venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member); 

iii. 

both entities are joint ventures of the same third party; 

iv. 

one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an 

associate of the third entity; 

v. 

the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of 

either the reporting entity or an entity related to the reporting entity. If the 

reporting entity is itself such a plan, the sponsoring employers are also related 

to the reporting entity; 

vi. 

the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a); 

vii. 

a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a 

member of the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the 

entity); or 

viii. 

the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key 

management personnel services to the reporting entity or to the parent of the 

reporting entity. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

83 

3 

Significant Accounting Policies (cont’d) 

 

(r) 

Inventories 

 

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost of finished goods 

comprises direct costs that have been incurred in bringing the inventories to their present 

location and condition. Cost is calculated using the weighted average method for mobile 

handsets, accessories, consumer electronics and related products and first-in-first-out (FIFO) 

for lifestyle products. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price less all 

estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Allowance for stock 

obsolescence is made for obsolete and slow-moving inventories.   

 

 

(s) 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

 

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand, fixed deposits, bank balances and short-

term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and 

which are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value. For the purpose of presentation in 

the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and cash 

equivalents as defined above less pledged fixed deposits. 

 

 

(t) 

Share Capital 

 

Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance 

of new ordinary shares are charged to equity, net of any tax effects. 

 

 

(u) 

Segment Reporting 

 

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to 

the executive management whose members are responsible for allocating resources and 

assessing performance of the operating segments. 

 

 

(v) 

Non-current Assets Held-for-sale and Discontinued Operations 

 

Non-current assets or disposal groups are classified as held-for-sale or distribution if their 

carrying amount will be recovered through a sale transaction or distribution rather than 

through continuing use. This condition is regarded as met only when the sale is highly 

probable and the asset (or disposal group) is available for immediate sale in its present 

condition. Management must be committed to the sale, which should be expected to qualify 

for recognition as a completed sale within one year from the date of classification. 

 

When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving loss of control of a subsidiary, all of the 

assets and liabilities of that subsidiary are classified as held-for-sale when the criteria set out 

above are met, regardless of whether the Group will retain a non-controlling interest in its 

former subsidiary after the sale. Non-current assets (or disposal groups) classified as held-for-

sale (held for distribution) are measured at the lower of the assets’ previous carrying amount 

and fair value less cost to sell (fair value less costs to distribute). 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

84 

3 

Significant Accounting Policies (cont’d) 

 

(v) 

Non-current Assets Held-for-sale and Discontinued Operations (cont’d) 

 

The assets are not depreciated or amortised while they are classified as held-for-sale. In 

addition, equity accounting of associates and joint ventures ceases once classified as held-for-

sale. Any impairment loss on initial classification and subsequent measurement is recognised 

as an expense. Any subsequent increase in fair value less costs to sell (not exceeding the 

accumulated impairment loss that has been previously recognised) is recognised in profit or 

loss. 

 

A discontinued operation is a component of an entity that either has been disposed of, or that 

is classified as held for sale and; 

 

i. 

represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations; or 

ii. 

is part of a single coordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or 

geographical area of operations; or 

iii. 

is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale. 

 

When a component of an entity qualifies as a discontinued operation, the comparative 

statement of comprehensive income is retrospectively restated to segregate the results of all 

operations that have been discontinued by the end of the latest reporting period. 

 

 

4 

Critical Accounting Judgements and Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty 

 

The preparation of financial statements and the application of the Group’s accounting policies, 

which are set out in Note 3 above, requires management to make judgements, estimates and 

assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and 

the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the end of each reporting period. The estimates and 

associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are 

considered to be relevant. Uncertainty about these estimates and assumptions could result in 

outcomes that require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of the asset or liability 

affected in the future periods. 

 

(a) 

Critical Judgements in Applying the Accounting Policies 

 

i. 

Impairment of investments in subsidiaries 

 

Management reviews the Company’s investments in subsidiaries at each reporting 

date to determine whether there is any indication that the investment may be impaired. 

To determine whether there is objective evidence of impairment, management 

considers factors such as the subsidiaries’ financial performance and financial 

position and the overall economic environment. If any indicator exists, an impairment 

assessment will be performed accordingly. 

 

The carrying amount of the Company’s investments in subsidiaries and the allowance 

for impairment loss are disclosed in Note 14. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

85 

4 

Critical Accounting Judgements and Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty (cont’d) 

 

(b) 

Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty 

 

i. 

Loss allowance for trade receivables and contract assets 

 

The Group measures the loss allowance for trade receivables and contract assets at an 

amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses (“ECLs”). The ECLs on trade 

receivables and contract assets are estimated using a provision matrix which involves 

grouping receivables based on characteristics which have historically influenced asset 

recoverability, such as credit ratings, customer-industry group and customer 

geography, and applying a historic provision rate which is based on days past due for 

groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns. In devising 

such a provision matrix, the Group uses its historical credit loss experience with 

forward-looking information (adjusted as necessary to reflect current conditions and 

forecast economic conditions) to estimate the lifetime expected credit losses on the 

trade receivables and contract assets. At every reporting date, the historical default 

rates are updated and the impact of forward-looking information is re-analysed. 

 

The assessment of the correlation between historical observed default rates, forecast 

economic conditions and ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is 

sensitive to changes in circumstances and of forecast economic conditions. The 

Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may 

also not be representative of customer’s actual default in the future. 

 

Information about the ECLs on the Group’s trade receivables and contract assets is 

disclosed in Note 29(a) and the carrying amounts of the Group’s trade receivables and 

contract assets are disclosed in Notes 17 and 5(b), respectively. 

 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

86 

5 

Revenue from Contracts with Customers 

 

(a) 

Disaggregation of Revenue from Contracts with Customers 

 

The Group’s revenue is disaggregated by principal geographical areas, major product and 

services lines and timing of revenue recognition. 

 

 

 

Group 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

Principal geographical market 

 

 

 

Distribution sale of mobile handsets and accessories 

 

 

 

 - Hong Kong 

- 

1,998 

 

 - Philippines 

5,458 

6,360 

 

 

5,458 

8,358 

 

 

 

 

 

Lifestyle products sales 

 

 

 

 - Singapore 

560 

- 

 

 - Hong Kong 

22 

2,046 

 

 - Indonesia 

160 

80 

 

 - United States 

4,635 

4,073 

 

 - Korea 

56 

- 

 

 

5,433 

6,199 

 

 

 

 

 

Retail sale of consumer electronics and related products 

 

 

 

 - Singapore 

18,215 

30,471 

 

 - Hong Kong 

392 

6,078 

 

 - Philippines 

147 

- 

 

 

18,754 

36,549 

 

 

 

 

 

Customer services 

 

 

 

 - Singapore 

3,148 

3,255 

 

 

 

 

 

 

32,793 

54,361 

 

 

 

 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

87 

5 

Revenue from Contracts with Customers (cont’d) 

 

(a) 

Disaggregation of Revenue from Contracts with Customers (cont’d) 

 

 

 

Group 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

Major product or service lines and timing of revenue 

recognition 

 

 

 

Distribution sale of mobile handsets and accessories 

5,458 

8,358 

 

Lifestyle products sales 

5,433 

6,199 

 

Retail sale of consumer electronics and related products 

18,754 

36,549 

 

Customer services 

3,148 

3,255 

 

At a point of time 

32,793 

54,361 

 

 

 

 

 

(b) 

Contract balances 

 

 

 

Group 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

Contract assets – current 

188 

- 

 

 

 

 

Contract assets relate to unbilled receivables at the reporting date. 

 

 

 

Group 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

Contract assets 

 

 

 

Changes in measurement of progress 

188 

- 

 

 

 

 

Loss allowance for contract assets is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECL. None of 

the contract assets at the end of the reporting period is past due. There has been no change in 

the estimation techniques or significant assumptions made during the current reporting period 

in assessing the impairment loss on contract assets. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

88 

5 

Revenue from Contracts with Customers (cont’d) 

 

(b) 

Contract balances (cont’d) 

 

The Group’s loss allowance is based on past due as the Group’s historical credit loss 

experience does not show significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments. 

 

 

 

Group 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

Expected credit loss rate 

* 

* 

 

Contract assets – gross carrying amounts (not past due) 

188 

- 

 

Loss allowance – lifetime ECL 

- 

- 

 

 

188 

- 

 

 

 

 

* 

Insignificant ECL rate 

 

 

6 

Interest Income 

 

 

Group 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

Interest income: 

 

 

 

 - Bank deposits 

10 

55 

 

 - Trade receivables 

215 

- 

 

 

225 

55 

 

 

 

 

 

7 

Other Income 

 

 

Group 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

Bargain purchase (Note 14(d)) 

37 

- 

 

Government grants (1) 

802 

32 

 

Rental income 

28 

104 

 

Rental and property tax rebate 

107 

- 

 

Other miscellaneous income 

14 

3 

 

 

988 

139 

 

 

 

 

(1) 

Out of the government grants of S$802,000 (2019: S$32,000) recognised by the Group 

during the financial year ended 31 December 2020, S$725,000 (2019: Nil) relates to the 

Job Support Scheme (“JSS”) (Note 17(b)). 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

89 

8 

Finance Costs 

 

 

Group 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

Interest expense: 

 

 

 

 - Bank loans 

98 

125 

 

 - Lease liabilities 

48 

22 

 

 

146 

147 

 

Bank charges 

123 

103 

 

 

269 

250 

 

 

 

 

 

9 

Other Expenses/(Income) 

 

 

Group 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 

649 

684 

 

Net gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment 

- 

(1) 

 

Net gain on disposal of assets held-for-sale 

(38) 

- 

 

Reversal amount on asset transfer (1) 

- 

(79) 

 

Net loss on liquidation of subsidiaries 

- 

76 

 

Net foreign exchange loss 

52 

37 

 

Inventories written-down 

- 

23 

 

Allowance for impairment loss on assets held-for-sale 

452 

- 

 

 

1,115 

740 

 

 

 

 

(1) 

The reversal amount of approximately S$79,000 related to GST monies being refunded 

to the Group in connection with the transaction that was completed in the financial year 

ended 31 December 2018 pursuant to an Asset Transfer Agreement that the Group had 

entered into then. 

 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

90 

10 

(Loss)/Profit before Income Tax 

 

The following items have been included in arriving at (loss)/profit before income tax: 

 

 

 

Group 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

Audit fees: 

 

 

 

 - Auditors of the Company 

104 

97 

 

Non-audit fees: 

 

 

 

 - Auditors of the Company 

- 

- 

 

Directors’ fees: 

 

 

 

 - Directors of the Company 

102 

65 

 

 - Over provision in prior year 

- 

(2) 

 

 

102 

63 

 

Employee benefits expenses (Note 26) 

3,241 

2,523 

 

Direct operating expenses relating to properties 

170 

107 

 

 

 

 

 

11 

Income Tax 

 

 

Group 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

Current income tax: 

 

 

 

 - Current year 

40 

1 

 

 - Under provision in respect of prior years 

23 

- 

 

 

63 

1 

 

 

 

 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

91 

11 

Income Tax (cont’d) 

 

The reconciliation between the income tax and the product of accounting (loss)/profit 

multiplied by the applicable corporate tax rate for the financial year is as follows: 

 

 

 

Group 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

(Loss)/Profit before income tax 

(266) 

257 

 

 

 

 

 

Income tax at the applicable tax rate of 17% (2019: 17%) 

(45) 

44 

 

Adjustments: 

 

 

 

Difference in foreign tax rate  

(2) 

- 

 

Non-deductible expenses 

133 

38 

 

Non-taxable income 

(112) 

(17) 

 

Effect of partial tax exemption and tax relief 

(31) 

(23) 

 

Deferred tax assets not recognised 

89 

7 

 

Under provision in respect of prior years 

23 

- 

 

Share of results of associate 

8 

(48) 

 

 

63 

1 

 

 

 

 

The entities of the Group operating in foreign jurisdictions have either no taxable income or 

are not material. 

 

At the reporting date, the Group has estimated taxable temporary differences on property, 

plant and equipment of approximately S$32,000 (2019: S$64,000) and unutilised tax losses of 

approximately S$41,559,000 (2019: S$41,068,000) which can be carried forward and used to 

offset against future taxable income of those entities in the Group in which the losses arose, 

subject to the agreement of the tax authorities and compliance with the relevant provisions of 

the tax legislation of the respective countries in which they operate. The unutilised tax losses 

have no expiry dates. 

 

The deferred tax assets arising from these estimated taxable temporary differences on 

property, plant and equipment and unutilised tax losses of approximately S$7,060,000 (2019: 

S$6,971,000) have not been recognised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy 

stated in Note 3(j). 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

92 

12 

(Loss)/Earnings per Share 

 

Basic (loss)/earnings per share are calculated by dividing (loss)/profit for the year attributable 

to equity holders of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares 

outstanding during the financial year. 

 

The following tables reflect the (loss)/profit and share data used in the computation of basic 

(loss)/earnings per share for the financial years ended 31 December: 

 

 

 

Group 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

 

 

 

(Loss)/Profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the 

Company used in the computation of basic (loss)/earnings per 

share (S$’000) 

(328) 

205 

 

 

 

 

 

Weighted average number of ordinary shares for basic 

(loss)/earnings per share computation (No. of shares ’000) 

17,053,170 

17,053,170 

 

 

 

 

There is no dilution of (loss)/earnings per share as there were no potential dilutive ordinary 

shares outstanding at the end of the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019. 

 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

13 

Property, Plant and Equipment 

Commercial 

properties 

Furniture, 

fixtures and 

renovation 

Office 

equipment and 

computers 

Retail outlet 

Motor vehicles 

Total 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

Group 

Cost 

Balance at 1 January 2019 

4,907 

1,155 

612 

938 

95 

7,707 

Additions (a) 

-

53

59 

1,005 

64 

1,181 

Disposals 

-

-

(32) 

(938)

-

(970) 

Balance at 31 December 2019 

4,907 

1,208 

639 

1,005 

159 

7,918 

Additions (a) 

-

21

89 

-

72

182 

Disposals 

-

-

- 

- 

(95)

(95)

Currency alignment * 

-

-

- 

- 

-

-

Balance at 31 December 2020 

4,907 

1,229 

728 

1,005 

136 

8,005 

(a)

Additions of property, plant and equipment (“PPE”) of S$182,000 (2019: S$1,181,000) during the financial year ended 31 December 2020 consist of

S$110,000 (2019: S$112,000) purchase of PPE and S$72,000 (2019: S$1,069,000) recognised as right-of-use assets (Note 28).

93 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

13 

Property, Plant and Equipment (cont’d) 

Commercial 

properties 

Furniture, 

fixtures and 

renovation 

Office 

equipment and 

computers 

Retail outlet 

Motor vehicles 

Total 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

Group 

Accumulated depreciation 

Balance at 1 January 2019 

867 

1,080 

535 

657 

13 

3,152 

Depreciation 

164 

85 

57 

315 

63 

684 

Disposals 

- 

- 

(32) 

(938)

-

(970) 

Balance at 31 December 2019 

1,031 

1,165 

560 

34 

76 

2,866 

Depreciation 

164 

15 

59 

335 

76 

649 

Disposals 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(95)

(95)

Currency alignment * 

- 

- 

- 

- 

-

-

Balance at 31 December 2020 

1,195 

1,180 

619 

369 

57 

3,420 

Carrying amount 

At 31 December 2019 

3,876 

43 

79 

971 

83 

5,052 

At 31 December 2020 

3,712 

49 

109 

636 

79 

4,585 

94 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

95 

13 

Property, Plant and Equipment (cont’d) 

 

 

Commercial 

properties 

Furniture, 

fixtures 

and 

renovation 

Office 

equipment  

and  

computers 

Total 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

Company 

 

 

 

 

 

Cost 

 

 

 

 

 

Balance at 1 January 2019 

4,907 

927 

368 

6,202 

 

Additions 

- 

45 

8 

53 

 

Balance at 31 December 2019 

and 31 December 2020 

4,907 

972 

376 

6,255 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Accumulated depreciation 

 

 

 

 

 

Balance at 1 January 2019 

867 

860 

328 

2,055 

 

Depreciation  

164 

74 

30 

268 

 

Balance at 31 December 2019 

1,031 

934 

358 

2,323 

 

Depreciation  

164 

12 

10 

186 

 

Balance at 31 December 2020 

1,195 

946 

368 

2,509 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Carrying amount 

 

 

 

 

 

At 31 December 2019 

3,876 

38 

18 

3,932 

 

At 31 December 2020 

3,712 

26 

8 

3,746 

 

 

 

 

 

 

* 

Less than S$1,000. 

 

The Group’s/Company’s commercial properties with a carrying amount of S$3,712,000 

(2019: S$3,876,000) are mortgaged to secure the Group’s/Company’s bank loans (Note 21) as 

at 31 December 2020. 

 

The Group’s right-of-use assets acquired under leasing arrangements are presented separately 

as “Retail outlet” and “Motor vehicles”. Details of such leased assets are disclosed in Note 28. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

96 

14 

Investments in Subsidiaries 

 

 

Company 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

Unquoted shares, at cost 

 

 

 

Balance at 1 January 

7,425 

11,085 

 

Liquidation/Disposal of subsidiaries 

- 

(3,660) 

 

Balance at 31 December 

7,425 

7,425 

 

Less: Allowance for impairment 

(7,425) 

(4,386) 

 

 

-* 

3,039 

 

 

 

 

 

Movements in allowance account: 

 

 

 

  At 1 January 

(4,386) 

(7,324) 

 

  Charge for the year 

(3,039) 

- 

 

  Written off 

- 

2,938 

 

  At 31 December 

(7,425) 

(4,386) 

 

 

 

 

* 

Less than S$1,000. 

 

Impairment loss of subsidiaries 

 

During the current financial year, an additional allowance for impairment loss of 

approximately S$3,039,000 has been recognised for the Company’s investment in a wholly 

owned subsidiary, Polaris Device Pte. Ltd. The allowance for the impairment loss is the 

estimated irrecoverable amount of the Company’s investment in the subsidiary. 

 

During the previous financial year, the Company had voluntary liquidated Polaris KKC 

Holdings Pte. Ltd., and accordingly, the related allowance amount of approximately 

S$2,938,000 was written off from the allowance account. 

 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

97 

14 

Investments in Subsidiaries (cont’d) 

 

(a) 

Composition of the Group 

 

The Group has the following investments in subsidiaries: 

 

 

Name and principal 

place of business 

Principal activities 

Group effective 

proportion of 

ownership interest 

 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

 

% 

% 

 

Held by the Company 

 

 

 

 

Polaris Device Pte. Ltd.(1) 

Singapore 

Dormant 

100 

100 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Polaris Network Pte. Ltd.(1) 

Singapore 

Retailer of mobile handset and 

services and consumer electronics 

100 

100 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Polaris Explorer Pte. Ltd.(1) 

Singapore 

Investment holding company and 

regional mobile handset distributor 

100 

100 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Polaris KKC Holdings Pte. Ltd.(2) 

Singapore 

Investment holding company 

- 

- 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Held through Polaris Explorer Pte. Ltd. 

 

 

 

Marque Luxury Pte. Ltd.  

(formerly known as Marque  

Luxury Asia Pte. Ltd.)(1)(3) 

Singapore 

Wholesale and retail of premium 

lifestyle products 

51 

51 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Held through Polaris KKC Holdings Pte. Ltd.(“KKC subgroup”) 

 

 

 

CM Polaris Pte. Ltd.(2) 

Singapore 

Joint venture investment in 

Myanmar 

- 

- 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Held through Marque Luxury Pte. Ltd.(“MLS subgroup”) 

 

 

 

Marque Luxury America LLC (4)(10) 

United States 

Wholesale and retail of premium 

lifestyle products 

51 (12) 

- 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Marque Luxury Korea Co., Ltd.(5)(11) 

South Korea 

Wholesale and retail of premium 

lifestyle products 

51 (12) 

- 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Connetic-Enterprises Inc.(6)(11) 

Philippines 

Wholesale and retail of premium 

lifestyle products 

26 (12) 

- 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Marque Luxury (Thailand) Co., Ltd (7)(11) 

Thailand 

Wholesale and retail of premium 

lifestyle products 

25 (12) 

- 

 

 

 

 

 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

98 

14 

Investments in Subsidiaries (cont’d) 

 

(a) 

Composition of the Group (cont’d) 

 

The Group has the following investments in subsidiaries: (cont’d) 

 

 

Name and principal 

place of business 

Principal activities 

Group effective 

proportion of 

ownership interest 

 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

 

% 

% 

 

Held through Marque Luxury America LLC (“MLA subgroup”) 

 

 

 

MLuxury Nevada LLC (8)(10) 

United States 

Wholesale and retail of premium 

lifestyle products 

26 (12) 

- 

 

 

 

 

 

 

MLuxury Texas LLC (9)(10) 

United States 

Wholesale and retail of premium 

lifestyle products 

26 (12) 

- 

 

 

 

 

 

(1) 

Audited by Moore Stephens LLP, Singapore. 

(2) 

During the previous financial year, the KKC subgroup was voluntarily liquidated. The 

net loss on liquidation of subsidiaries is disclosed in Note 9. 

(3) 

During the previous financial year, the subsidiary was incorporated by Polaris Explorer 

Pte. Ltd. with an issued and paid-up share capital of 51 ordinary shares amounting to 

S$51 fully paid in cash. 

(4) 

During the current financial year, the subsidiary was incorporated by Marque Luxury Pte. 

Ltd. with an issued and paid-up share capital of 100 ordinary shares amounting to 

USD100 (equivalent to S$139) fully paid in cash. 

(5) 

During the current financial year, the subsidiary was incorporated by Marque Luxury Pte. 

Ltd. with an issued and paid-up share capital of 20,000 ordinary shares amounting to 

KRW100,000,000 (equivalent to S$116,427) fully paid in cash. 

(6) 

During the current financial year, the subsidiary was acquired by Marque Luxury Pte. 

Ltd. from a third party with a consideration of PHP177,548 (equivalent to S$4,960) for a 

51% shareholding fully paid in cash. 

(7) 

During the current financial year, the subsidiary was incorporated by Marque Luxury Pte. 

Ltd. and a third party with an issued and paid-up share capital of 23,999 ordinary shares 

amounting to THB599,975 (equivalent to S$27,051) fully paid in cash. 

(8) 

During the current financial year, the subsidiary was incorporated by Marque Luxury 

America LLC and a third party with an issued and paid-up share capital of 50 ordinary 

shares amounting to USD50 (equivalent to S$66) fully paid in cash. 

(9) 

During the current financial year, the subsidiary was incorporated by Marque Luxury 

America LLC and a third party with an issued and paid-up share capital of 51 ordinary 

shares amounting to USD51 (equivalent to S$67) fully paid in cash. 

(10) Audited by RJI International CPAs, United States. 

(11) As at 31 December 2020, these subsidiaries have not been audited as they are considered 

to be insignificant components to the Group for FY2020 but were reviewed for Group 

consolidation purposes. 

(12) These subsidiaries are held by non-wholly owned intermediate holding companies. The 

intermediate holding companies have the power to control these companies. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

99 

14 

Investments in Subsidiaries (cont’d) 

 

(b) 

Interest in subsidiaries with material non-controlling interest (“NCI”) 

 

The Group has the following subsidiaries that have NCI that are considered material to the 

Group: 

 

 

Name and principal 

place of business 

Proportion 

of 

ownership 

interest held 

by NCI 

(Loss)/Profit 

allocated to 

NCI during 

the reporting 

period 

Accumulated 

NCI at the 

end of 

reporting 

period 

Dividends 

paid to 

NCI 

 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2020 

 

 

 

 

 

Marque Luxury Pte. Ltd. 

(formerly known as Marque 

Luxury Asia Pte. Ltd.) and its 

subsidiaries (“MLS subgroup”) 

Singapore 

49% 

(1) 

77 

20 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2019 

 

 

 

 

 

Marque Luxury Pte. Ltd. 

(formerly known as Marque 

Luxury Asia Pte. Ltd.) and its 

subsidiaries (“MLS subgroup”) 

Singapore 

49% 

29 

29 

- 

 

Polaris KKC Holdings Pte. Ltd. 

and its subsidiaries (“KKC 

subgroup”) 

Singapore 

- 

22 

-* 

- 

 

 

 

51 

29 

- 

 

 

 

 

 

 

* 

The KKC subgroup was voluntarily liquidated during the previous financial year. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

100 

14 

Investments in Subsidiaries (cont’d) 

 

(c) 

Summarised financial information about subsidiaries with material NCI of MLS 

subgroup and KKC subgroup 

 

Summarised statement of comprehensive income 

 

 

 

MLS subgroup 

KKC 

subgroup* 

 

 

2020 

2019 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Revenue 

5,291 

1,061 

- 

 

(Loss)/Profit before income tax 

(18) 

60 

79 

 

Income tax 

- 

- 

(1) 

 

(Loss)/Profit after income tax  

(18) 

60 

78 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Other comprehensive income 

3 

- 

- 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total comprehensive (loss)/income 

(15) 

60 

78 

 

 

 

 

 

Summarised statement of financial position 

 

 

 

MLS subgroup 

KKC 

subgroup* 

 

 

2020 

2019 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Current 

 

 

 

 

Assets 

6,256 

1,139 

- 

 

Liabilities 

(1,602) 

(11) 

- 

 

Net current assets 

4,654 

1,128 

- 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Non-current 

 

 

 

 

Assets 

85 

- 

- 

 

Liabilities 

(4,644) 

(1,068) 

- 

 

Net non-current assets 

(4,559) 

(1,068) 

- 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Net assets 

95 

60 

- 

 

 

 

 

 

* 

The KKC subgroup was voluntarily liquidated during the previous financial year. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

101 

14 

Investments in Subsidiaries (cont’d) 

 

(d) 

Acquisition of Connetic-Enterprises Inc. 

 

The fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the acquired subsidiary as at the date 

of acquisition were: 

 

 

 

2020 

 

 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

Current Assets 

 

 

Amount due from a shareholder 

83 

 

Total identifiable net assets acquired at fair value 

83 

 

 

 

 

Purchase consideration 

 

 

Consideration paid in cash 

5 

 

Less: Fair value of identifiable net assets acquired 

(83) 

 

Add: Non-controlling interests 

41 

 

Bargain purchase arising on acquisition (Note 7) 

37 

 

 

 

 

Effect on cash flows of the Group 

 

 

Consideration paid in cash 

5 

 

Net cash outflow on acquisition 

5 

 

 

 

Acquisition-related costs which are not material have been excluded from the consideration 

transferred and recognised as an expense in the profit or loss of the Group. 

 

The bargain purchase arose from the acquisition of the subsidiary because the fair value of 

assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeded the total consideration paid. This is mainly 

attributable to the vendor selling the business as part of its restructuring and strategic plan. 

The bargain purchase arising from the acquisition has been included in other income of the 

Group (Note 7). 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

102 

15 

Investment in an Associate 

 

 

Group 

Company 

 

 

2020 

2019 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Investment in an associate, at cost 

539 

539 

- 

- 

 

Share of post-acquisition reserves 

621 

781 

- 

- 

 

Reclassified to assets held-for-sale 

(Note 19) 

(1,160) 

- 

- 

- 

 

 

- 

1,320 

- 

- 

 

 

 

 

 

 

During the financial year ended 31 December 2020, the investment in an associate with a 

carrying amount of S$1,160,000 was reclassified to assets held-for-sale (Note 19). 

 

Detail of the Group’s investment in an associate is as follows: 

 

 

Name and principal 

place of business 

Principal activities 

Group effective 

proportion of 

ownership interest 

 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

 

% 

% 

 

Held through Polaris Explorer Pte. Ltd. 

 

 

 

Polaristitans Philippines Inc. 

Philippines 

Engaged in the conduct and carrying on 

the business of importing, exporting, 

manufacturing, selling, distributing and 

marketing of wholesale 

telecommunication equipment 

40 

40 

 

Summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s associate is set out below. The 

summarised financial information below represents amounts shown in the associate’s financial 

statements prepared in accordance with SFRS(I) adjusted by the Group for equity accounting 

purposes. 

 

 

 

 

 

2019 

 

 

 

 

S$’000 

 

Polaristitans Philippines Inc. 

 

 

 

 

Current assets 

 

 

9,634 

 

Non-current assets 

 

 

4 

 

Current liabilities 

 

 

(2,292) 

 

Non-current liabilities 

 

 

(4,046) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Revenue 

 

 

30,188 

 

Profit for the year 

 

 

710 

 

Total comprehensive income for the year 

 

 

710 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Dividends received from the associate 

 

 

148 

 

 

 

 

 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

103 

15 

Investment in an Associate (cont’d) 

 

Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the 

interest in Polaristitans Philippines Inc. recognised in the consolidated financial statements: 

 

 

 

 

 

2019 

 

 

 

 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Net assets of the associate 

 

 

3,300 

 

Proportion of the Group’s ownership in 

Polaristitans Philippines Inc. 

 

 

40% 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in 

Polaristitans Philippines Inc. 

 

 

1,320 

 

 

 

 

 

 

16 

Other Financial Assets 

 

 

Group and Company 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

Equity investment measured at fair value  

through other comprehensive income 

 

 

 

Quoted equity investment 

 

 

 

PT Trikomsel Oke Tbk. (“TRIO”) 

- 

- 

 

 

 

 

The above equity investment represents the Group’s 8.22% investment in TRIO. TRIO’s 

shares are listed on the Indonesia Stock Exchange (“IDX”). 

 

As per the Group’s investment policy, this investment in equity instrument is not held for 

trading. Instead, it is held mainly for long-term strategic purposes. Accordingly, this 

investment is designated at FVOCI as the management believes that recognising short-term 

fluctuations in this investment’s FVPL would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of 

holding this investment for long-term purposes. 

 

During the financial year ended 31 December 2019, the TRIO’s shares on the IDX were 

suspended in July 2019 and remained suspended at the reporting date. As TRIO’s shares 

remained suspended, management has relied on information about prices from recent off-

market transactions after the year end in the determination of the fair value at the reporting 

date which is categorised under Level 2 of the Fair Value Hierarchy. Further, TRIO has 

announced on 13 March 2020 that under the relevant exchange regulations, the IDX may 

delist TRIO’s shares if it remains to be suspended for a continuous period of 24 months. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

104 

17 

Trade and Other Receivables 

 

 

Group 

Company 

 

 

2020 

2019 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Trade and other receivables 

(current) 

 

 

 

 

 

Trade receivables (a) 

 

 

 

 

 

 - Third parties 

1,026 

3,708 

- 

- 

 

 - Associate 

1,082 

2,066 

- 

- 

 

 - Related parties (e) 

4,066 

1,061 

- 

- 

 

 

6,174 

6,835 

- 

- 

 

Other receivables 

74 

114 

- 

2 

 

Advances to suppliers 

48 

213 

- 

- 

 

GST receivables 

- 

48 

- 

- 

 

Government grant receivables (b) 

143 

- 

- 

- 

 

Amounts due from related 

parties (c) 

311 

- 

- 

- 

 

Refundable deposits 

115 

113 

5 

2 

 

 

6,865 

7,323 

5 

4 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Other receivables (non-current) 

 

 

 

 

 

Amounts due from subsidiaries 

(net of allowance) (d) 

- 

- 

4,732 

3,568 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total trade and other receivables 

(current and non-current) 

6,865 

7,323 

4,737 

3,572 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(a) 

Trade receivables 

 

Trade receivables from third parties are non-interest bearing. Trade receivables from an 

associate and related parties are interest bearing ranging from 6% to 12% per annum (2019: 

Nil). Generally, the trade receivables’ credit period ranges from 1 to 90 days (2019: 30 to 90 

days). 

 

Loss allowance for trade receivables is measured at an amount equal to lifetime expected 

credit losses (“ECL”) as disclosed in the accounting policy Note 3(m). There has been no 

change in the estimation techniques or significant assumptions made during the current 

reporting period. None of the trade receivables that have been written off is subject to 

enforcement activities. 

 

The Group’s credit risk exposure in relation to trade receivables are set out in the provision 

matrix as presented below. The Group’s provision for loss allowance is based on past due as 

the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not show significantly different loss patterns 

for different customer segments. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

105 

17 

Trade and Other Receivables (cont’d) 

 

(a) 

Trade receivables (cont’d) 

 

 

 

 

Trade receivables past due (days) 

 

 

 

Current 

&lt; 30 

days 

31 to 60 

days 

61 to 90 

days 

&gt; 90 

days 

Total 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

Group 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2020 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Expected credit loss rate 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

 

 

Trade receivables – gross 

carrying amount at default 

2,323 

777 

526 

15 

2,533 (1) 

6,174 

 

Loss allowance – lifetime 

ECL 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

 

 

2,323 

777 

526 

15 

2,533 

6,174 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2019 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Expected credit loss rate 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

 

 

Trade receivables – gross 

carrying amount at default 

5,108 

696 

276 

183 

572 

6,835 

 

Loss allowance – lifetime 

ECL 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

 

 

5,108 

696 

276 

183 

572 

6,835 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

* 

Insignificant ECL rate 

 

(1) Out of the trade receivables past due more than 90 days of S$2,533,000, S$2,448,000 will be 

offsetted against the consideration for a post-balance sheet asset acquisition transaction (Note 

32(a)). 

 

There is no allowance for impairment arising from these outstanding balances as the expected 

credit losses are insignificant. 

 

(b) 

Government grant receivables 

 

The government grant receivables relate to cash grants in relation to the gross monthly wages 

of eligible workers under the Job Support Scheme (“JSS”) as introduced by the Singapore 

government during the financial year. The JSS is a wage subsidy programme aimed to help 

companies retain and pay their workers as businesses take a hit from the COVID-19 

pandemic. 

 

(c) 

Amounts due from related parties 

 

Amounts due from related parties are non-trade, unsecured, non-interest bearing, and are to be 

settled in cash on demand. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

106 

17 

Trade and Other Receivables (cont’d) 

 

(d) 

Amounts due from subsidiaries 

 

 

 

Company 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

Amounts due from subsidiaries 

12,132 

8,129 

 

 

 

 

 

Less: Allowance for impairment  

 

 

 

  At 1 January 

(4,561) 

(3,871) 

 

  Addition 

(2,839) 

(690) 

 

  At 31 December 

(7,400) 

(4,561) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4,732 

3,568 

 

 

 

 

Amounts due from subsidiaries are non-trade, unsecured, non-interest bearing, and are to be 

settled in cash on demand. The Company does not expect to recall the above amounts due 

from subsidiaries within the next 12 months from the financial year end. An additional 

allowance for impairment loss of S$2,839,000 (2019: S$690,000) was recognised for the 

current financial year. 

 

(e) 

Out of the trade receivables of S$4,066,000 (2019: S$1,061,000): 

 

1) 

S$2,541,000 (2019: S$1,061,000) pertains to an amount due from Marque 

Luxury LLC (“MLL”), who is the non-controlling interest shareholder of 

Marque Luxury Pte. Ltd. (a subsidiary of the Group); and 

 

2) 

S$1,525,000 pertains to an amount due from Marque Supply Company LLC 

(“MSC”), an entity controlled by an individual, who is the controlling party 

of MLL described in 1) above. 

 

(f) 

Impairment loss on financial assets 

 

For the purpose of impairment assessment, the other receivables (excluding trade receivables, 

contract assets and amounts due from subsidiaries) are considered to have a low credit risk as 

they are not due for payment at the end of the reporting period and there has been no 

significant increase in the risk of default on the receivables since initial recognition. 

Accordingly, for the purpose of impairment assessment for these receivables, the loss 

allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECL which reflects the low credit risk 

of the exposures. There is no allowance arising from these outstanding balances as the 

expected credit losses are insignificant. There has been no change in the estimation techniques 

or significant assumptions made during the current reporting period in assessing the loss 

allowance for these financial assets. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

107 

18 

Inventories 

 

 

Group 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

Statement of financial position 

 

 

 

Finished goods (at cost) 

2,781 

852 

 

Goods in transit 

50 

- 

 

 

2,831 

852 

 

 

 

 

 

Statement of income 

 

 

 

Inventories recognised as an expense in cost of sales 

28,246 

50,340 

 

Inventories written-down 

- 

23 

 

 

 

 

During the previous financial year ended 31 December 2019, inventories were written down 

to account for loss in the value of inventories due to obsolescence, damages, expired shelf life, 

or unsaleable conditions. 

 

 

19 

Assets of Disposal Group Classified as Held-For-Sale 

 

 

Group 

Company 

 

 

2020 

2019 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Associate (a) 

 

 

 

 

 

  At 1 January 

- 

- 

- 

- 

 

  Reclassified from investment in 

an associate (Note 15) 

1,160 

- 

- 

- 

 

  At 31 December 

1,160 

- 

- 

- 

 

  Less: Allowance for impairment 

(348) 

- 

- 

- 

 

 

812 

- 

- 

- 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Properties (b) 

 

 

 

 

 

  At 1 January 

2,826 

2,826 

2,826 

2,826 

 

  Disposal of assets held-for-sale 

(1,350) 

- 

(1,350) 

- 

 

  At 31 December 

1,476 

2,826 

1,476 

2,826 

 

  Less: Allowance for impairment 

(104) 

- 

(104) 

- 

 

 

1,372 

2,826 

1,372 

2,826 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total assets held-for-sale 

2,184 

2,826 

1,372 

2,826 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Movements in allowance account: 

 

 

 

 

 

  At 1 January 

- 

- 

- 

- 

 

  Charge for the year 

(452) 

- 

(104) 

- 

 

  At 31 December 

(452) 

- 

(104) 

- 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

108 

19 

Assets of Disposal Group Classified as Held-For-Sale (cont’d) 

 

(a) 

Associate 

 

During the current financial year ended 31 December 2020, the Group has committed to 

dispose its entire 40% stake in an associate, Polaristitans Philippines Inc. Accordingly, the 

carrying amount of the associate which was previously classified under “Investment in an 

Associate” has been reclassified to “Assets Held-for-Sale”. 

 

Subsequent to the financial year ended 31 December 2020, the Group executed a non-binding 

term sheet with a third party to dispose its entire 40% stake in the associate, Polaristitans 

Philippines Inc. (Note 32(b)). An allowance for impairment loss of approximately S$348,000 

has been recognised. The asset held-for-sale is recognised at the lower of the associate’s 

previous carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell. 

 

Detail of the Group’s investment in an associate is disclosed in Note 15. 

 

(b) 

Properties 

 

Management has extended the initial one-year period for another year to complete the sale of 

the properties. The Group/Company remains committed to its plan to sell the properties and 

management has taken the necessary actions in response to the current market conditions and 

continues to actively market the properties at prices that are reasonable, under the current 

market conditions. 

 

During the current financial year ended 31 December 2020, the Group/Company has sold two 

of the properties for S$1,388,000. The net gain on disposal of assets held-for-sale of 

approximately S$38,000 has been included in other expenses of the Group (Note 9). 

 

Subsequent to the financial year ended 31 December 2020, a third party purchaser has 

exercised an option to purchase the remaining properties (Note 32(c)). An allowance for 

impairment loss of approximately S$104,000 has been recognised. The assets held-for-sale are 

recognised at the lower of the properties’ previous carrying amount and fair value less costs to 

sell. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

109 

19 

Assets of Disposal Group Classified as Held-For-Sale (cont’d) 

 

(b) 

Properties (cont’d) 

 

Details of the Group’s/Company’s assets held-for-sale are as follows: 

 

 

Description and location 

The Group’s/ 

Company’s interest 

Carrying amount 

 

 

2020 

2019 

2020 

2019 

 

 

% 

% 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

Leasehold office and warehouse: 

 

 

 

 

 

 - UB.ONE, Unit 03-14(1)(2) 

- 

100 

- 

594 

 

 - UB.ONE, Unit 03-15(1)(2) 

- 

100 

- 

756 

 

 - UB.ONE, Unit 03-21(1)(3) 

100 

100 

686 

738 

 

 - UB.ONE, Unit 03-22(1)(3) 

100 

100 

686 

738 

 

 

 

 

1,372 

2,826 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(1) 

The area of the property is 121 square meters. 

(2) 

The property was sold during the current financial year. 

(3) 

The property is mortgaged to secure the Group’s bank loans (Note 21) as at 31 December 

2020 and 31 December 2019. 

 

 

20 

Cash and Bank Balances 

 

 

Group 

Company 

 

 

2020 

2019 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Cash on hand and at bank 

4,489 

2,178 

1,847 

677 

 

Fixed deposits 

- 

1,701 

- 

1,701 

 

Cash and cash equivalents as per 

consolidated statement of cash 

flows 

4,489 

3,879 

1,847 

2,378 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Cash at bank earns interest at floating rates based on daily banks deposit rates. 

 

During the previous financial year ended 31 December 2019, the Group’s/Company’s fixed 

deposits had a maturity period of 1 month. The interest rate for the fixed deposits was 1.48% 

per annum. 

 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

110 

21 

Loans and Borrowings/Liabilities Directly Associated with Disposal Group Classified as 

Held-For-Sale 

 

 

 

Group 

Company 

 

 

Maturity 

2020 

2019 

2020 

2019 

 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Current 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Loan I 

2021 

81 

80 

81 

80 

 

Loan II 

2021 

91 

91 

91 

91 

 

Loan III 

 

- 

71 

- 

71 

 

Lease liabilities 

(Note 28) 

2021 

390 

380 

- 

- 

 

 

 

562 

622 

172 

242 

 

Liabilities directly 

associated with 

disposal group 

classified as held-

for-sale 

2021 

964 

- 

964 

- 

 

 

 

1,526 

622 

1,136 

242 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Non-current 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Loan I 

2022 - 2032 

1,066 

1,146 

1,066 

1,146 

 

Loan II 

2022 - 2034 

1,430 

1,521 

1,430 

1,521 

 

Loan III 

 

- 

963 

- 

963 

 

Lease liabilities 

(Note 28) 

2022 

353 

682 

- 

- 

 

 

 

2,849 

4,312 

2,496 

3,630 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total 

 

4,375 

4,934 

3,632 

3,872 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Loan I 

 

This loan is secured by a first mortgage over the Group’s commercial properties (Note 13) and 

assets held-for-sale (Note 19). The loan was renewed during the previous financial year and is 

repayable in 168 instalments, bears interest at 4.17% (2019: 4.17%) below Bank’s 

Commercial Financing Rate (“BCFR”) for the 1st year, 2.48% (2019: 3.77%) below BCFR for 

the 2nd year, and 3.47% (2019: 3.47%) below BCFR for the 3rd year and thereafter at BCFR. 

Currently, BCFR is at 6.25% (2019: 6.25%) per annum. 

 

Loan II 

 

This loan is secured by a first mortgage over the Group’s commercial properties (Note 13) and 

is repayable in 240 instalments, bears interest at 3.30% (2019: 3.30%) below BCFR for the 1st 

year, 2.95% (2019: 3.30%) below BCFR for the 2nd year, and thereafter at BCFR. Currently, 

BCFR is at 6.25% (2019: 6.25%) per annum. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

111 

21 

Loans and Borrowings/Liabilities Directly Associated with Disposal Group Classified as 

Held-For-Sale (cont’d) 

 

Loan III/Liabilities Directly Associated with Disposal Group Classified as Held-For-Sale 

 

This loan is secured by the first mortgage over the Group’s assets held-for-sale (Note 19) and 

is repayable in 240 instalments, bears interest at 2.55% fixed rate (2019: 2.55% below BCFR) 

for the 1st year, 2.70% fixed rate (2019: 2.70% below BCFR) for the 2nd year, and thereafter at 

BCFR (2019: at BCFR). Currently, BCFR is at 6.25% (2019: 6.25%) per annum.  

 

The loan relates to the Group’s remaining properties classified as assets held-for-sale (Note 

19) of which a third party purchaser has exercised an option to purchase. Accordingly, the 

loan has been classified as “Liabilities Directly Associated with Disposal Group Classified as 

Held-For-Sale” as at 31 December 2020. 

 

 

22 

Trade and Other Payables 

 

 

Group 

Company 

 

 

2020 

2019 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Trade payables (a) 

 

 

 

 

 

 - Third parties 

1,091 

1,280 

- 

- 

 

 - Related parties 

129 

- 

- 

- 

 

 

1,220 

1,280 

- 

- 

 

Other payables 

187 

426 

6 

145 

 

GST payables 

168 

14 

26 

14 

 

Amounts due to related parties (b) 

489 

- 

- 

- 

 

Amount due to subsidiary (b) 

- 

- 

2,680 

784 

 

Total trade and other payables 

2,064 

1,720 

2,712 

943 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(a) 

Trade payables 

 

These amounts are non-interest bearing. Trade payables are normally settled on 60 days 

(2019: 60 days). 

 

(b) 

Amounts due to related parties and subsidiary 

 

Amounts due to related parties and subsidiary are non-trade, unsecured, non-interest bearing, 

and are to be settled in cash on demand. 

 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

112 

23 

Other Liabilities 

 

 

Group 

Company 

 

 

2020 

2019 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Accrued operating expenses 

677 

358 

241 

167 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

24 

Share Capital and Reserves 

 

(a) 

Share Capital 

 

 

Group and Company 

 

 

No. of ordinary shares 

’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

Issued and fully paid 

 

 

 

At 31 December 2020 and 2019 

17,053,170 

402,747 

 

 

 

 

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as and when declared by the 

Company. All ordinary shares carry one vote per share without restrictions. The ordinary 

shares have no par value. 

 

(b) 

Fair Value Adjustment 

 

 

Group and Company 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

At 1 January 

- 

46,184 

 

Fair value losses 

- 

(46,184) 

 

At 31 December 

- 

- 

 

 

 

 

The fair value adjustment represents cumulative losses arising on the revaluation of equity 

investment at FVOCI that have been recognised in other comprehensive loss. 

 

(c) 

Foreign Currency Translation Reserve 

 

 

Group 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

At 1 January 

(473) 

(574) 

 

Exchange differences on translation 

3 

3 

 

Exchange differences transferred on liquidation of subsidiaries 

- 

98 

 

At 31 December 

(470) 

(473) 

 

 

 

 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

113 

24 

Share Capital and Reserves (cont’d) 

 

(c) 

Foreign Currency Translation Reserve (cont’d) 

 

The foreign currency translation reserve represents exchange differences arising from the 

translation of the financial statements of Group entities’ operations whose functional 

currencies are different from that of the Group’s presentation currency. 

 

 

25 

Non-controlling Interests 

 

 

Group 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

At 1 January 

29 

310 

 

Share of results of subsidiaries 

(1) 

51 

 

Liquidation of subsidiaries 

- 

(332) 

 

Acquisition and incorporation of subsidiaries 

69 

- 

 

Dividend paid to non-controlling interests 

(20) 

- 

 

At 31 December 

77 

29 

 

 

 

 

 

26 

Employee Benefits 

 

 

Group 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

Continuing operations 

 

 

 

Employee benefits (including directors): 

 

 

 

Cost of sales: 

 

 

 

 - Salaries and bonuses 

1,250 

858 

 

 - Central Provident Fund contributions 

197 

125 

 

 - Other short-term benefits 

23 

67 

 

Administrative expenses: 

 

 

 

 - Salaries and bonuses 

1,613 

1,310 

 

 - Central Provident Fund contributions 

83 

90 

 

 - Other short-term benefits 

75 

73 

 

 

3,241 

2,523 

 

 

 

 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

114 

27 

Related Party Transactions 

 

In addition to the related party information disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, the 

following transactions between the Group and related parties took place at terms agreed 

between the parties during the financial year: 

 

Sale and Purchase of Goods and Services 

 

 

Group 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

Sales of finished goods to an associate 

5,458 

6,287 

 

Sales of finished goods to related parties 

2,715 

1,061 

 

Purchases of finished goods from related parties 

565 

682 

 

Sales receipts collected on behalf by related parties 

1,374 

- 

 

Sales receipts collected on behalf of related parties 

51 

- 

 

Advances to related parties 

204 

- 

 

Purchases/Expenses paid on behalf by related parties 

597 

- 

 

Purchases/Expenses paid on behalf of related parties 

18 

- 

 

Interest charged to an associate 

16 

- 

 

Interest charged to related parties 

199 

- 

 

Service fees charged by related parties 

111 

- 

 

 

 

 

Compensation of Key Management Personnel 

 

 

Group 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

Directors’ fees 

102 

63 

 

Short-term employee benefits 

440 

589 

 

Central Provident Fund contributions 

31 

32 

 

Other short-term benefits 

100 

94 

 

 

673 

778 

 

 

 

 

 

Comprise amounts paid/payable to: 

 

 

 

Directors of the Company 

517 

685 

 

Other key management personnel 

156 

93 

 

 

673 

778 

 

 

 

 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

115 

28 

Lease Liabilities 

 

The Group as a lessee 

 

(a) 

Nature of the Group’s leasing activities 

 

The Group has entered into leases in respect of its retail outlet and motor vehicles. The 

Group’s obligations under the leases are secured by security deposits placed to the lessors. 

The Group is prohibited from selling, pledging or sub-leasing the underlying leased assets, 

and is required to maintain the assets in good condition. 

 

(b) 

Carrying amount of right-of-use assets classified within Property, Plant and 

Equipment 

 

 

 

Group 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

Retail outlet 

636 

971 

 

Motor vehicles 

79 

83 

 

 

715 

1,054 

 

 

 

 

The information about the additions to right-of-use assets during the current financial year are 

disclosed in Note 13. 

 

(c) 

Amounts recognised in profit or loss 

 

 

 

Group 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

Depreciation charge for the year: 

 

 

 

 - Retail outlet 

335 

315 

 

 - Motor vehicles 

76 

63 

 

 

411 

378 

 

Interest on lease liabilities 

48 

22 

 

 

 

 

(d) 

Other disclosures 

 

 

 

Group 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

Total cash outflow for leases 

439 

419 

 

 

 

 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

116 

28 

Lease Liabilities (cont’d) 

 

The Group as a lessor 

 

(a) 

Nature of the Group’s/Company’s leasing activities 

 

The Group/Company leased out certain of its assets held-for-sale under operating leases with 

lease terms of 2 years. The lessees do not have an option to purchase the property at the expiry 

of the lease period. Where considered necessary to reduce credit risk, the Group obtained 

security deposits for the term of the leases. These leases are classified as operating lease 

because the risk and rewards incidental to ownership of the assets are not substantially 

transferred. 

 

Rental income from these leasing activities is disclosed in Note 7. 

 

Future minimum rental receivables under non-cancellable operating leases at the end of the 

reporting period are as follows: 

 

 

 

Group and Company 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

Not later than one year 

- 

49 

 

Between one to two years 

- 

28 

 

 

- 

77 

 

 

 

 

 

29 

Financial Risk Management 

 

Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies 

 

The Group is exposed to financial risks arising from its operations. The key financial risks 

include credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk, foreign currency risk and market risk. 

 

Financial risk management is carried out by management under policies approved by the 

Board of Directors of the Company. The Board of Directors is responsible for setting the 

objectives and underlying principles of financial risk management of the Group. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

117 

29 

Financial Risk Management (cont’d) 

 

Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (cont’d) 

 

(a) 

Credit Risk 

 

Credit risk refers to the risk that the counterparty will default on its contractual obligations 

resulting in a loss to the Group. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arises primarily from 

trade and other receivables, refundable deposits, amounts dues from subsidiaries, and cash and 

bank balances. For other financial assets (including cash and bank balances), the Group 

minimises credit risk by dealing exclusively with high credit rating counterparties. 

 

The Group has adopted a policy of only dealing with creditworthy counterparties. The Group 

performs ongoing credit evaluation of its counterparties’ financial condition and generally do 

not require a collateral. 

 

The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether 

there has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each 

reporting period. 

 

The Group has determined the default event on a financial asset to be when internal and/or 

external information indicates that the financial asset is unlikely to be received, which could 

include default of contractual payments due for more than one year and nine months or there 

is significant difficulty of the counterparty. 

 

The credit risk concentration profile of the Group’s trade receivables at the reporting date is as 

follows: 

 

 

 

Group 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

Trade receivables by country: 

 

 

 

 - Singapore 

756 

1,908 

 

 - Indonesia 

4 

80 

 

 - Philippines 

1,082 

2,066 

 

 - United States 

4,323 

2,781 

 

 - Hong Kong 

9 

- 

 

 

6,174 

6,835 

 

 

 

 

The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements to cover its credit risk 

associated with its financial assets. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

118 

29 

Financial Risk Management (cont’d) 

 

Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (cont’d) 

 

(a) 

Credit Risk (cont’d) 

 

Trade receivables and contract assets 

 

As disclosed in Note 3(m), the Group uses a provision matrix to measure the lifetime expected 

credit loss allowance for trade receivables and contract assets. In measuring the expected 

credit losses, trade receivables and contract assets are grouped based on their shared credit 

risk characteristics and numbers of days past due. The expected credit losses on these 

financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit 

loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic 

conditions and an assessment of both the current as well as the forecast direction of conditions 

at the reporting date, including time value of money where appropriate. 

 

Further details on the loss allowance of the Group’s credit risk exposure in relation to the 

trade receivables and contract assets is disclosed in Notes 17(a) and 5(b), respectively. 

 

Cash and bank balances and other financial assets 

 

The cash and bank balances are entered into with bank and financial institution counterparties, 

which the Group considers to have low credit risk based on external credit agency ratings. 

 

Impairment on cash and bank balances has been measured on the 12-month expected loss 

basis and reflects the short maturities of the exposures. The Group considers that its cash and 

bank balances have low credit risk based on the external credit ratings of the counterparties. 

The Group uses a similar approach for assessment of ECLs for cash and bank balances to 

those used for debt investments. The amount of the allowance on cash and bank balances was 

insignificant. 

 

Further details on the loss allowance of the Group’s credit risk exposure in relation to the 

other financial assets is disclosed in Note 17(f). 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

119 

29 

Financial Risk Management (cont’d) 

 

Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (cont’d) 

 

(a) 

Credit Risk (cont’d) 

 

Credit risk grading guideline 

 

The Group’s management has established the Group’s internal credit risk grading to the 

different exposures according to their degree of default risk. The internal credit risk grading 

which are used to report the Group’s credit risk exposure to key management personnel for 

credit risk management purposes are as follows: 

 

 

Internal rating grades 

Definition 

Basis of recognition 

of expected credit 

loss (“ECL”) 

 

 

 

 

 

i.   Performing 

The counterparty has a low risk of default and does 

not have any past-due amounts. 

12-month ECL 

 

 

 

 

 

ii.  Under-performing 

There has been a significant increase in credit risk 

since initial recognition (i.e. interest and/or principal 

repayment are more than 30 days past due). 

Lifetime ECL (not 

credit-impaired) 

 

 

 

 

 

iii. Non-performing 

There is evidence indicating that the asset is credit-

impaired (i.e. interest and/or principal repayments are 

more than one year past due). 

Lifetime ECL 

(credit impaired) 

 

 

 

 

 

iv. Write-off 

There is evidence indicating that there is no 

reasonable expectation of recovery as the debtor is in 

severe financial difficulty. 

Asset is written off 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

120 

29 

Financial Risk Management (cont’d) 

 

Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (cont’d) 

 

(a) 

Credit Risk (cont’d) 

 

Credit risk exposure and significant credit risk concentration 

 

The credit quality of the Group’s and the Company’s financial assets, as well as maximum 

exposure to credit risk by credit risk rating grades is presented as follows: 

 

 

 

Internal 

credit rating 

ECL 

Gross 

carrying 

amount 

Loss 

allowance 

Net carrying 

amount 

 

 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

Group 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2020 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Trade receivables 

Note A 

Lifetime ECL 

(Simplified) 

6,174 

- 

6,174 

 

Contract assets 

Note A 

Lifetime ECL 

(Simplified) 

188 

- 

188 

 

Other receivables 

Performing 

12-month ECL 

691 

- 

691 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2019 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Trade receivables 

Note A 

Lifetime ECL 

(Simplified) 

6,835 

- 

6,835 

 

Other receivables 

Performing 

12-month ECL 

227 

- 

227 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Company 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2020 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Other receivables 

Performing 

12-month ECL 

5 

- 

5 

 

Other receivables 

(Note 17(d)) 

Non-

performing 

Lifetime ECL 

(credit impaired) 

12,132 

(7,400) 

4,732 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2019 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Other receivables 

Performing 

12-month ECL 

4 

- 

4 

 

Other receivables 

(Note 17(d)) 

Non-

performing 

Lifetime ECL 

(credit impaired) 

8,129 

(4,561) 

3,568 

 

Note A – The Group has applied the simplified approach to measure the loss allowance at 

lifetime ECL. The details of the loss allowance for these financial assets are disclosed in 

Notes 17(a) and 5(b), respectively. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

121 

29 

Financial Risk Management (cont’d) 

 

Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (cont’d) 

 

(b) 

Liquidity Risk 

 

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group and the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting 

financial obligations due to shortage of funds. The Group’s and the Company’s exposure to 

liquidity risk arises primarily from mismatches of the maturities of financial assets and 

liabilities. The Group’s and the Company’s objective is to maintain a balance between 

continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of stand-by credit facilities. 

 

To manage liquidity risk, the Group monitors its net operating cash flow, maintains a level of 

cash and bank balances and secured committed funding facilities from financial institutions. 

In assessing the adequacy of these facilities, the Group reviews working capital and capital 

expenditure requirements continually so as to mitigate the effects of fluctuations in the cash 

flows. When a potential shortfall in cash is anticipated, the Group will finance the shortfall by 

way of borrowings, share placements and/or issue of convertible securities in a timely manner. 

The Group places its surplus funds with reputable banks. 

 

The Group will continue to review, formulate and implement a liquidity risk management 

policy and to maintain sufficient liquid financial assets and stand-by credit facilities with three 

different banks.  

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

122 

29 

Financial Risk Management (cont’d) 

 

Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (cont’d) 

 

(b) 

Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 

 

Analysis of financial instruments by remaining contractual maturities 

 

The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s and the Company’s financial 

assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period based on contractual undiscounted 

repayment obligations. 

 

 

 

One 

year or 

less 

One to 

five years 

Over 

five years 

Contractual 

cash flow 

Carrying 

amount 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

Group 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2020 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Financial assets 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Trade and other receivables (1) 

6,738 

- 

- 

6,738 

6,674 

 

Contract assets 

188 

- 

- 

188 

188 

 

Cash and bank balances 

4,489 

- 

- 

4,489 

4,489 

 

Total undiscounted financial 

assets 

11,415 

- 

- 

11,415 

11,351 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Financial liabilities 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Trade and other payables (1) 

1,896 

- 

- 

1,896 

1,896 

 

Other liabilities 

677 

- 

- 

677 

677 

 

Loans and borrowings (excluding 

lease liabilities) 

1,238 

1,345 

1,846 

4,429 

3,632 

 

Lease liabilities 

421 

363 

- 

784 

743 

 

Total undiscounted financial 

liabilities 

4,232 

1,708 

1,846 

7,786 

6,948 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total net undiscounted  

financial assets/(liabilities) 

7,183 

(1,708) 

(1,846) 

3,629 

4,403 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

123 

29 

Financial Risk Management (cont’d) 

 

Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (cont’d) 

 

(b) 

Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 

 

Analysis of financial instruments by remaining contractual maturities (cont’d) 

 

 

 

One 

year or 

less 

One to 

five years 

Over 

five years 

Contractual 

cash flow 

Carrying 

amount 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

Group 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2019 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Financial assets 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Trade and other receivables (1) 

7,062 

- 

- 

7,062 

7,062 

 

Cash and bank balances 

3,881 

- 

- 

3,881 

3,879 

 

Total undiscounted financial 

assets 

10,943 

- 

- 

10,943 

10,941 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Financial liabilities 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Trade and other payables (1) 

1,706 

- 

- 

1,706 

1,706 

 

Other liabilities 

358 

- 

- 

358 

358 

 

Loans and borrowings 

(excluding lease liabilities) 

338 

1,780 

2,790 

4,908 

3,872 

 

Lease liabilities 

427 

717 

- 

1,144 

1,062 

 

Total undiscounted financial 

liabilities 

2,829 

2,497 

2,790 

8,116 

6,998 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total net undiscounted  

financial assets/(liabilities) 

8,114 

(2,497) 

(2,790) 

2,827 

3,943 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Company 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2020 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Financial assets 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Trade and other receivables (1) 

5 

4,732 

- 

4,737 

4,737 

 

Cash and bank balances 

1,847 

- 

- 

1,847 

1,847 

 

Total undiscounted financial 

assets 

1,852 

4,732 

- 

6,584 

6,584 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Financial liabilities 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Trade and other payables (1) 

2,686 

- 

- 

2,686 

2,686 

 

Other liabilities 

241 

- 

- 

241 

241 

 

Loans and borrowings 

1,238 

1,345 

1,846 

4,429 

3,632 

 

Total undiscounted financial 

liabilities 

4,165 

1,345 

1,846 

7,356 

6,559 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total net undiscounted 

financial (liabilities)/assets 

(2,313) 

3,387 

(1,846) 

(772) 

25 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

124 

29 

Financial Risk Management (cont’d) 

 

Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (cont’d) 

 

(b) 

Liquidity Risk (cont’d) 

 

Analysis of financial instruments by remaining contractual maturities (cont’d) 

 

 

 

One 

year or 

less 

One to 

five years 

Over  

five years 

Contractual 

cash flow 

Carrying 

amount 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

Company 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2019 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Financial assets 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Trade and other receivables (1) 

4 

3,568 

- 

3,572 

3,572 

 

Cash and bank balances 

2,380 

- 

- 

2,380 

2,378 

 

Total undiscounted financial assets 

2,384 

3,568 

- 

5,952 

5,950 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Financial liabilities 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Trade and other payables (1) 

929 

- 

- 

929 

929 

 

Other liabilities 

167 

- 

- 

167 

167 

 

Loans and borrowings 

338 

1,780 

2,790 

4,908 

3,872 

 

Total undiscounted financial 

liabilities 

1,434 

1,780 

2,790 

6,004 

4,968 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total net undiscounted 

financial assets/(liabilities) 

950 

1,788 

(2,790) 

(52) 

982 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(1) 

Amount excludes advances to suppliers, government grant receivables and GST 

receivables/payables. 

 

(c) 

Interest Rate Risk 

 

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of the Group’s and the 

Company’s financial instruments will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. 

The Group’s and the Company’s exposure to interest rate risk arises primarily from their 

loans and borrowings. 

 

As the Group’s and Company’s loans and borrowings are presently on floating rates, the 

Group and Company will continue to review, formulate and implement policies to manage 

interest costs for new loans and borrowings using a mix of fixed and floating rate debts. 

 

Sensitivity analysis for interest rate risk 

 

At the end of the reporting period, if the interest rates have been 100 (2019: 100) basis points 

higher/lower with all other variables held constant, the Group’s results for the financial year 

would not be materially affected as a result of higher/lower interest expenses on floating rate 

loans and borrowings. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

125 

29 

Financial Risk Management (cont’d) 

 

Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (cont’d) 

 

(d) 

Foreign Currency Risk 

 

The Group has transactional currency exposures arising from sales or purchases that are 

denominated in foreign currencies; consequently exposures to exchange rate fluctuations arise. 

The foreign currencies in which these transactions are denominated are mainly United States 

Dollars (“USD”). 

 

To manage the foresaid foreign currency risk, the Group maintains a natural hedge, whenever 

possible, by depositing foreign currency proceeds from sales into foreign currency bank 

accounts which are primarily used for payments of purchases in the same currency 

denomination. 

 

 

Group 

 

2020 

2019 

 

USD 

USD 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

Financial assets 

 

 

Trade and other receivables 

3,194 

2,066 

Cash and bank balances 

1,475 

763 

 

4,669 

2,829 

 

 

 

Financial liabilities 

 

 

Trade and other payables 

1,339 

- 

 

 

 

Net financial assets 

3,330 

2,829 

Less: Net financial assets denominated in the 

respective entity’s functional currency 

(934) 

- 

Currency exposure 

2,396 

2,829 

 

 

 

If the following currencies strengthens by 5% (2019: 5%) against S$ at the reporting date, with all 

other variables being held constant, the effect arising from the net financial assets position will be 

as follows: 

 

 

 

Group 

 

 

(Decease)/Increase in 

(loss)/profit before tax 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

USD 

(120) 

141 

 

 

 

 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

126 

29 

Financial Risk Management (cont’d) 

 

Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (cont’d) 

 

(d) 

Foreign Currency Risk (cont’d) 

 

A 5% weakening of S$ against the above currencies would have had the equal but opposite 

effect on the above currency to the amount shown above, on the basis that all other variables 

remain constant. 

 

The Company has not disclosed its exposure to foreign currency risk as the Company’s risk 

exposure is not significant. 

 

(e) 

Market Risk 

 

Market price risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of the Group’s financial 

instruments will fluctuate because of changes in market prices (other than interest or exchange 

rates). 

 

The Group’s equity investment is listed on the Indonesia Stock Exchange (“IDX”). A 5% 

change in the equity price of the IDX listed equity investment measured at FVOCI would not 

result in a material variance in the fair value of the equity investment at the reporting date 

(2019: Nil). 

 

At the date of authorisation of these financial statements, the TRIO’s shares on the IDX 

remain suspended. 

 

(f) 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

 

The Group has established a control framework with respect to the measurement of fair 

values. This framework includes the finance team that reports directly to the Group’s key 

management, and has overall responsibility for all significant fair value measurements, 

including Level 3 fair values. 

 

The finance team regularly reviews significantly unobservable inputs and valuation 

adjustments. If third party confirmation, such as broker quotes or pricing services, is used to 

measure fair value, then the finance team assesses and documents the evidence obtained from 

the third parties to support the conclusion that such valuations meet the requirements of 

SFRS(I)s, including the level in the fair value hierarchy the resulting fair value estimate 

should be classified. 

 

Significant valuation issues are reported to the Company’s Audit and Risk Management 

Committee. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

127 

29 

Financial Risk Management (cont’d) 

 

Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (cont’d) 

 

(f) 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments (cont’d) 

 

Fair Value Hierarchy 

 

The financial instruments that are measured subsequent to initial recognition at fair value are 

required disclosure of fair value measurements by level of the following fair value 

measurement hierarchy: 

 

i. 

Level 1 - Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or 

liabilities; 

 

ii. 

Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable 

for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from 

prices); and 

 

iii. 

Level 3 - Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data 

(unobservable inputs). 

 

Fair value measurements that use inputs of different hierarchy levels are categorised in its 

entirety in the same level of the fair value hierarchy as the lowest level input that is significant 

to the entire measurement. 

 

Information relating to the Group’s equity investment measured at FVOCI is disclosed in 

Note 16. 

 

The fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities with a maturity of less than one 

year, which are primarily cash and bank balances, trade and other receivables, trade and other 

payables, and short-term loans and borrowings, are assumed to approximate their carrying 

amounts because of the short-term maturity of these financial instruments. 

 

The fair values of non-current other receivables and long-term loans and borrowings are 

calculated based on discounted expected future principal and interest cash flows. The discount 

rates used are based on market rates for similar instruments at the reporting date. The carrying 

amounts of these financial assets and financial liabilities are assumed to approximate their 

respective fair values. The Group does not anticipate that the carrying amounts recorded at the 

reporting date would be significantly different from the values that would eventually be 

received or settled. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

128 

30 

Capital Management 

 

Capital includes debt and equity items as disclosed in the table below. 

 

The primary objective of the Group’s capital management is to ensure that it maintains a 

strong credit rating and healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise 

shareholders’ value. 

 

The Group manages its capital structure and make adjustments to it, in light of changes in 

economic conditions. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes during 

the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019. 

 

The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by total capital 

plus net debt. The Group will continue to review, formulate and implement policies to keep 

gearing ratio below 50%. The Group includes within net debt, loans and borrowings, trade and 

other payables less cash and bank balances. 

 

 

 

Group 

 

 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

Loans and borrowings 

4,375 

4,934 

 

Trade and other payables 

2,064 

1,720 

 

Less: Cash and bank balances 

(4,489) 

(3,879) 

 

Net debt 

1,950 

2,775 

 

 

 

 

 

Equity attributable to the equity 

holders of the Company 

13,977 

14,302 

 

 

 

 

 

Capital and net debt 

15,927 

17,077 

 

 

 

 

 

Gearing ratio 

0.12 

0.16 

 

 

 

 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

129 

31 

Segment Information 

 

For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their products 

and services, and has the following reportable operating segments: 

 

i. 

The distribution segment engages in the distribution of mobile handsets and 

accessories for leading brands. 

 

ii. 

The lifestyle products sales segment engages in the importing and exporting of the 

wholesale and retail of premium lifestyle products. 

 

iii. 

The retail consumer electronics segment engages in the retail sale of consumer 

electronics and related products in Singapore. 

 

iv. 

The customer services segment provides after-market services to end consumers for 

equipment repairs and technical services in Singapore. 

 

v. 

The corporate segment is involved in Group-level corporate services, treasury 

functions, investments and in marketable securities. It also involves in strategic 

investment and joint venture opportunities in emerging Southeast Asia markets to 

synergise and complement the Group’s existing offerings. 

 

Management monitors the operating results of its business units separately for the purpose of 

making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment 

performance is evaluated based on operating profit or loss which in certain respects, as 

explained in the table below, is measured differently from operating profit or loss in the 

consolidated financial statements. Group financing (including finance costs) and income taxes 

are managed on a group basis and are not allocated to operating segments. 

 

The accounting policies of the reportable operating segments are the same as described in 

Note 3(u). Transfer prices between operating segments are on an arm length’s basis in a 

manner similar to transactions with third parties. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

130 

31 

Segment Information (cont’d) 

 

(a) 

Segment revenues and results 

 

The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by reportable operating 

segment: 

 

 

Segment revenue 

Segment (loss)/profit 

 

2020 

2019 

2020 

2019 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

Distribution 

5,458 

8,358 

46 

(22) 

Lifestyle products sales 

5,433 

6,199 

69 

366 

Retail consumer electronics 

18,754 

36,549 

(464) 

(178) 

Customer services 

3,148 

3,255 

336 

(171) 

Corporate 

- 

- 

(163) 

173 

 

32,793 

54,361 

(176) 

168 

 

 

 

 

 

Share of results of associate 

 

 

(46) 

284 

Interest income 

 

 

225 

55 

Finance costs 

 

 

(269) 

(250) 

(Loss)/Profit before income tax  

 

 

(266) 

257 

 

 

 

 

 

Revenue reported above represents revenue generated from external customers. There were no 

inter-segment sales. 

 

Segment (loss)/profit represents the (loss)/profit earned by each reportable operating segment 

prior to the allocation of share of results of associate, interest income and finance costs. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

131 

31 

Segment Information (cont’d) 

 

(b) 

Reconciliation 

 

Group 

 

2020 

2019 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

Segment assets 

 

 

Distribution 

1,529 

2,774 

Lifestyle products sales 

6,337 

3,252 

Retail consumer electronics 

4,767 

3,733 

Customer services 

769 

1,053 

Corporate 

7,019 

9,211 

Total segment assets 

20,421 

20,023 

Unallocated: Investment in an associate* 

812 

1,320 

Consolidated total assets 

21,233 

21,343 

 

 

 

Segment liabilities 

 

 

Distribution 

90 

26 

Lifestyle products sales 

1,602 

33 

Retail consumer electronics 

1,199 

1,664 

Customer services 

365 

1,090 

Corporate 

291 

327 

Total segment liabilities 

3,547 

3,140 

Unallocated: Loans and borrowings (excluding lease 

liabilities) 

3,632 

3,872 

Consolidated total liabilities 

7,179 

7,012 

 

 

 

* 

Included the Group’s assets held-for-sale as disclosed in Note 19. 

 

For the purposes of monitoring segment performance and allocating resources between each 

reportable operating segments: 

 

• 

all assets are allocated to reportable segments other than investment in an associate; and 

• 

all liabilities are allocated to reportable segments other than loans and borrowings. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

132 

31 

Segment Information (cont’d) 

 

(c) 

Other segment information 

 

Depreciation 

Additions to 

non-current assets 

 

2020 

2019 

2020 

2019 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

Distribution 

4 

- 

- 

- 

Lifestyle products sales 

16 

- 

100 

10 

Retail consumer electronics 

346 

335 

10 

1,031 

Customer services 

97 

82 

72 

87 

Corporate 

186 

267 

- 

53 

 

649 

684 

182 

1,181 

 

 

 

 

 

(d) 

Geographical information 

 

Revenue and non-current assets information based on the geographical location of customers 

and assets respectively are as follows: 

 

 

 

Revenue 

Non-current assets 

 

 

2020 

2019 

2020 

2019 

 

 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

S$’000 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Singapore 

21,923 

33,726 

4,545 

5,052 

 

Hong Kong 

414 

10,122 

- 

- 

 

Indonesia 

160 

80 

- 

- 

 

Philippines 

5,605 

6,360 

5 

1,320 

 

United States 

4,635 

4,073 

19 

- 

 

Korea 

56 

- 

- 

- 

 

Thailand 

- 

- 

16 

- 

 

 

32,793 

54,361 

4,585 

6,372 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Non-current assets information presented above consist of property, plant and equipment, 

investment in an associate and other financial assets as presented in the consolidated statement 

of financial position. 

 

Information about major customers 

 

Revenues from 3 major customers amount to S$7,707,000 (2019: S$17,240,000) arising from 

sales by the retail sales segment. 

 


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Financial Year ended 31 December 2020 

 

133 

32 

Events Occurring After the Reporting Period 

 

(a) 

On 12 March 2021, the Group entered into an asset purchase agreement (the 

“Agreement”), on the terms and conditions of the Agreement, for a total purchase 

consideration of approximately US$2,290,000 (equivalent to S$3,065,000) with the 

Group’s related parties to: 

 

i. 

acquire the business and assets in the pre-owned luxury goods business 

(which includes an inventory of pre-owned luxury goods, benefit from lease 

contracts, business names, business information, domain names, trade 

receivables, and other benefits) (“Assets”); 

 

ii. 

assume certain liabilities incurred by the third parties or in connection with 

the Assets (“Liabilities”); and 

 

iii. 

acquire 100% of the entire issued and paid-up share capital of Marque Supply 

Japan and 85% of the issued and paid-up share capital of Marque Mentor 

LLC. 

 

(b) 

On 6 April 2021, the Group executed a non-binding term sheet with a third party for 

the proposed disposal of the Group’s entire 40% stake in an associate, Polaristitans 

Philippines Inc. to the third party. At the date of these financial statements, the 

disposal has not been completed. 

 

(c) 

The Company issued an Option to Purchase Agreement to a third party purchaser (the 

“Purchaser”) and the Purchaser exercised the option on 11 May 2021 to purchase the 

Company’s remaining properties that were classified under assets held-for-sale as 

disclosed in Note 19. 

 

 

33 

Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic 

 

In March 2020, the World Health Organisation had declared COVID-19 outbreak a pandemic. 

The spread of COVID-19 has created a high level of uncertainty to the near-term global 

economic prospects and caused disruptions to various businesses. The Group is taking 

precautionary measures to deal with the COIVD-19 outbreak in accordance with guidelines 

provided by the authorities in the respective countries which the Group operates in. 

 

The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted the Group’s operations and financial performance. 

Management has taken or is taking certain measures to deal with the impact such as 

negotiations with lenders to confirm the continuing availability of credit facilities or to source 

for new facilities, if required, and actions taken to manage the Group's liquidity and/or to 

conserve cash flow. Management has also determined that the COVID-19 pandemic has not 

created a material uncertainty that casts doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going 

concern.


STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDINGS 

As at 10 May 2021 

134 

 

Issued and fully paid-up capital      :  $407,519,502 

No. of shares issued              :  17,053,169,818 Ordinary shares 

Class of shares                  :  Ordinary shares 

Voting rights                    :  One vote per Ordinary share 

Treasury shares and subsidiary holdings :   Nil 

 

 

DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDINGS 

 

 

Range of Shareholdings 

No. of Shareholders 

% 

No. of Shares 

% 

1 - 99 

302 

2.85 

4,134 

0.00 

100 – 1,000 

6,830 

64.42 

2,164,991 

0.01 

1,001 - 10,000 

858 

8.09 

3,056,900 

0.02 

10,001 - 1,000,000 

2,384 

22.48 

468,403,451 

2.75 

1,000,001 and above 

229 

2.16 

16,579,540,342 

97.22 

Total 

10,603 

100.00 

17,053,169,818 

100.00 

 

 

TWENTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS 

 

 

No. Name of Shareholder 

No. of Shares 

% 

 

1 

Raffles Nominees (Pte) Limited 

8,737,747,763 

51.24 

 

2 

DBSN Services Pte Ltd 

6,726,406,189 

39.44 

 

3 

DBS Nominees Pte Ltd 

70,234,983 

0.41 

 

4 

Ong Kok Wah 

70,000,000 

0.41 

 

5 

Liu Kevin Yi Feng 

60,000,000 

0.35 

 

6 

CGS-CIMB Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd 

44,876,915 

0.26 

 

7 

Lee Jessie 

41,308,170 

0.24 

 

8 

Citibank Nominees Singapore Pte Ltd 

39,806,365 

0.23 

 

9 

Ang Chin San 

28,431,000 

0.17 

 

10 

United Overseas Bank Nominees Pte Ltd 

25,756,820 

0.15 

 

11 

Phillip Securities Pte Ltd 

25,561,660 

0.15 

 

12 

Lim Kian Hong (Lin Jian Hong) 

21,000,000 

0.12 

 

13 

Zeng Hang Cheng 

21,000,000 

0.12 

 

14 

OCBC Nominees Singapore Pte Ltd 

18,862,100 

0.11 

 

15 

Teo Ngee Hua 

16,000,443 

0.10 

 

16 

Lim Woei Ming Michael 

15,000,000 

0.09 

 

17 

OCBC Securities Private Ltd 

14,988,540 

0.09 

 

18 

Law Peng Kwee 

13,972,000 

0.08 

 

19 

Lee Aik Chiang 

11,000,000 

0.07 

 

20 

Tan Eng Chua Edwin 

10,776,200 

0.06 

 

 

Total 

16,012,729,148 

93.89 

 

 

 

 


STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDINGS 

As at 10 May 2021 

135 

 

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS 

 

Substantial Shareholders of the Company (as recorded in the Register of Substantial Shareholders) as at 10 

May 2021. 

 

Name of Substantial Shareholder 

Direct Interest 

Deemed Interest 

Total Interest 

No. of Shares 

% 

No. of Shares 

% No. of Shares 

% 

Sugiono Wiyono Sugialam 

326,003,652 

1.91 

(1) 

10,469,189,374 

61.39 10,795,193,026 63.30 

Tres Maria Capital Ltd 

(2) 

3,867,140,015 

22.68 (3) 4,065,786,837 23.84 

7,932,926,852 46.52 

PT SL Trio 

2,536,262,522 14.87 

- 

- 

2,536,262,522 14.87 

(4) Standard Chartered Private Equity 

Limited 

- 

- (3) 4,065,786,837 23.84 

4,065,786,837 23.84 

(5) Standard Chartered Asia Limited 

- 

- (3) 4,065,786,837 23.84 

4,065,786,837 23.84 

(6) Standard Chartered MB Holdings 

B.V. 

- 

- (3) 4,065,786,837 23.84 

4,065,786,837 23.84 

(7) Standard Chartered 

Holdings (International) B.V. 

 

- 

 

- 

 

(3) 4,065,786,837 

 

23.84 

 

4,065,786,837 

 

23.84 

(8) SCMB Overseas Limited 

- 

- (3) 4,065,786,837 23.84 

4,065,786,837 23.84 

(9) Standard Chartered Bank 

- 

- (3) 4,065,786,837 23.84 

4,065,786,837 23.84 

(10) Standard Chartered Holdings 

Limited 

- 

- (3) 4,065,786,837 23.84 

4,065,786,837 23.84 

(10) Standard Chartered PLC 

- 

- (3) 4,065,786,837 23.84 

4,065,786,837 23.84 

(11) Augusta Investments Zero 

Pte.Ltd. 

4,406,850,233 25.84 

- 

- 

4,406,850,233 25.84 

(11,12) Augusta AB Holdco Pte. Ltd. 

- 

- 

4,406,850,233 25.84 

4,406,850,233 25.84 

(12,13) Augusta Fundco Pte. Ltd 

- 

- 

4,406,850,233 25.84 

4,406,850,233 25.84 

(13,14) Augusta Fund 1, LP 

- 

- 

4,406,850,233 25.84 

4,406,850,233 25.84 

(14) Augusta GP Pte. Ltd. 

- 

- 

4,406,850,233 25.84 

4,406,850,233 25.84 

(14,15) Affirma Capital Managers 

(Singapore) Pte. Ltd. 

- 

- 

4,406,850,233 25.84 

4,406,850,233 25.84 

(14,15,16) Affirma Capital (Singapore) 

Pte. Ltd. 

- 

- 

4,406,850,233 25.84 

4,406,850,233 25.84 

(16) Affirma Capital Limited 

- 

- 

4,406,850,233 25.84 

4,406,850,233 25.84 

 

 

 


STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDINGS 

As at 10 May 2021 

136 

 

Notes: 

 

(1) 

This represents Mr Sugiono Wiyono Sugialam’s deemed interest of :- 

 

(a) 

7,932,926,852 shares held by Tres Maria Capital Ltd. by virtue of his 100% shareholdings in Tres Maria Capital Ltd; and  

(b) 

2,536,262,522 shares held by PT SL Trio by virtue of his majority shareholdings in PT SL Trio. 

 

(2) 

Tres Maria Capital Ltd’s direct interest of 3,867,140,015 shares are registered in the name of DBSN Service Pte. Ltd.. 

 

(3) 

On 6 August 2014, Tres Maria Capital Ltd and Standard Chartered Private Equity Limited entered into a security agreement over 

shares (“the Deed”) whereby, inter alia, Tres Maria Capital Ltd agreed to charge in favour of Standard Chartered Private Equity 

Limited by way of first mortgage, 4,236,318,535 shares in the capital of Polaris Ltd. 

 

 

On 15 October 2014, pursuant to the provisions of the Deed, a notice of the mortgage and assignment has been issued by the 

relevant parties for the purposes of creating the charge over the shares. 

 

 

On 27 May 2015, Tres Maria Capital Ltd and Standard Chartered Private Equity Limited entered into a Deed of Partial Release, 

pursuant to which, inter alia, Standard Chartered Private Equity Limited agreed to release its security over, and reassign, 

170,531,698 Shares ("Released Shares"), and Tres Maria Capital Ltd agreed to transfer the Released Shares to Standard Chartered 

Private Equity Limited immediately following the release and reassignment. 

(4) 

Standard Chartered Private Equity Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of Standard Chartered Asia Limited. 

(5) 

Standard Chartered Asia Limited is a 99.9% owned subsidiary of Standard Chartered MB Holdings B.V.. 

(6) 

Standard Chartered MB Holdings B.V. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Standard Chartered Holdings (International) B.V.. 

(7) 

Standard Chartered Holdings (International) B.V. is a wholly owned subsidiary of SCMB Overseas Limited. 

(8) 

SCMB Overseas Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of Standard Chartered Bank. 

(9) 

Standard Chartered Bank is a wholly owned subsidiary of Standard Chartered Holdings Limited. 

(10) 

Standard Chartered Holdings Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of Standard Chartered PLC. 

(11) 

Augusta Investments Zero Pte. Ltd. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Augusta AB Holdco Pte. Ltd.. 

(12) 

Augusta AB Holdco Pte. Ltd. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Augusta Fundco Pte. Ltd.. 

(13) 

Augusta Fundco Pte. Ltd. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Augusta Fund 1, LP. 

(14) 

Augusta GP Pte. Ltd. is the general partner of Augusta Fund 1, LP. and a wholly owned subsidiary of Affirma Capital (Singapore) 

Pte. Ltd.. 

(15) 

Affirma Capital Managers (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. is the fund manager of Augusta Fund 1, LP and a wholly owned subsidiary of Affirma 

Capital (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.. 

(16) 

Affirma Capital (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Affirma Capital Limited. 

 

FREE FLOAT 

 

As at 10 May 2021, approximately 10.45% of the issued ordinary shares of the Company are held in the 

hands of the public (on the basis of information available to the Company). 

 

Accordingly, the Company has complied with Rule 723 of the Catalist Rules that an issuer must ensure that 

at least 10% of the total number of issued shares (excluding preference shares, convertible equity securities 

and treasury shares) in a class that is listed is at all times held by the public. 

 

 

RULE 1204(7)  

 

A statement (as at the 21st day after the end of the financial year) showing the direct and deemed interests of 

each Director of the Company in the Company’s shares and convertible securities has been disclosed in the 

Directors’ Statement on page 44 to 47 of this annual report, and the word “debentures” as stated therein should 

be read to include all convertible securities. 

 

 

 


NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 

 

137 

This Notice of the Annual General Meeting (the “Notice”) of Polaris Ltd. (the “Company”) has been made 

available on SGXNET and the Company’s website at the URL: http://wearepolaris.sg. A printed copy of this 

Notice will NOT be despatched to shareholders.  

 

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT the Annual General Meeting of the Company will be convened and held by 

way of electronic means via a live audio and video webcast on Friday, 18 June 2021 at 2.00 pm (the “AGM”) for 

the following purposes:- 

 

AS ORDINARY BUSINESS 

 

1. 

To receive and adopt the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 

December 2020 together with the Directors' Statement and Auditors' Report thereon. 

 

     Resolution 1 

 

2. 

To note the retirement of Mr Ong Kok Wah pursuant to Regulation 86 of the Company's 

Constitution. 

[See Explanatory Notes] 

 

 

3. 

To re-elect Mr Soennerstedt Carl Johan Pontus who is retiring pursuant to Regulation 

86 of the Company's Constitution and who, being eligible, offered himself for re-

election. 

[See Explanatory Notes] 

 

 

Resolution 2 

 

4 

To re-elect Mr Sugiono Wiyono Sugialam who is retiring pursuant to Regulation 93 of 

the Company's Constitution and who, being eligible, offered himself for re-election. 

[See Explanatory Notes] 

 

Resolution 3 

 

5. 

To re-appoint Moore Stephens LLP as the Auditors of the Company until the conclusion 

of the Company's next Annual General Meeting and authorise the Directors of the 

Company to fix their remuneration. 

 

 

Resolution 4 

 

6. 

To transact any other ordinary business which may be properly transacted at an Annual 

General Meeting. 

 

 

AS SPECIAL BUSINESS 

 

7. 

To approve Directors' fees of up to S$115,000 for the financial year ending 31 December 

2021 (2020: S$102,000). 

 

Resolution 5 

 

To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution, with or without any 

modification: 

 

8. 

Authority to allot and issue shares 

 

 

 

THAT pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act, Chapter 50 of Singapore (the 

“Act”) and Rule 806 of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-

ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (the “Catalist Rules”), authority be and 

is hereby given to the Directors of the Company to: 

 

(a)  (i)  issue shares in the capital of the Company ("Shares") whether by way of rights, 

bonus or otherwise; and/or 

 

(ii)  make or grant offers, agreements or options (collectively, "Instruments") that 

might or would require Shares to be issued, including but not limited to the creation 

and issue of (as well as adjustments to) warrants, debentures or other instruments 

convertible into Shares, 

at any time and upon such terms and conditions and for such purposes and to such 

persons as the Directors may in their absolute discretion deem fit; and 

 

(b)   (notwithstanding that the authority conferred by this Ordinary Resolution may have 

ceased to be in force) issue Shares in pursuance of any Instrument made or 

granted by the Directors while this Ordinary Resolution was in force, 

 

provided that: 

 

(i)  

the aggregate number of Shares to be issued pursuant to this Ordinary 

Resolution (including Shares to be issued in pursuance of Instruments made 

or granted pursuant to this Ordinary Resolution) does not exceed 100% of the 

total number of issued shares in the capital of the Company excluding treasury 

shares and subsidiary holdings (as calculated in accordance with sub 


NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 

 

138 

paragraph (ii) below), of which the aggregate number of Shares to be issued 

other than on a pro rata basis to shareholders of the Company (including 

Shares to be issued in pursuance of Instruments made or granted pursuant to 

this Ordinary Resolution) does not exceed 50% of the total number of issued 

shares in the capital of the Company excluding treasury shares and subsidiary 

holdings (as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) below); 

 

(ii)  (subject to such calculation as may be prescribed by the SGX-ST) for the 

purpose of determining the aggregate number of Shares that may be issued 

under sub-paragraph (i) above, the percentage of issued shares shall be 

based on the total number of issued shares in the capital of the Company 

excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings at the time of passing of 

this Ordinary Resolution, after adjusting for: 

 

(1)  new Shares arising from the conversion or exercise of any convertible 

securities; 

 

(2)  new Shares arising from exercise of share options or vesting of share 

awards outstanding or subsisting at the time which are outstanding or 

subsisting at the time of passing of this Ordinary Resolution, provided the 

options or awards were granted in compliance with Part VIII of Chapter 8 of 

Catalist Rules; and 

 

(3)  any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of Shares; 

 

(iii) in exercising the authority conferred by this Ordinary Resolution, the Company 

shall comply with the provisions of Catalist Rules for the time being in force 

(unless such compliance has been waived by the SGX-ST) and the 

Constitution for the time being of the Company; and 

 

(iv) unless revoked or varied by the Company at general meeting, the authority 

conferred by this Ordinary Resolution shall continue in force until the 

conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company or the date by 

which the next annual general meeting of the Company is required by law to 

be held, whichever is the earlier; and 

 

(c)   the Directors be and are hereby authorised to do any and all acts which they deem 

necessary and expedient in connection with paragraphs (a) and (b) above. 

 

Resolution 6 

 

 

BY ORDER OF THE BOARD 

 

SOENNERSTEDT CARL JOHAN PONTUS  

 

Executive Director &amp; CEO 

3 June 2021  

Singapore 

 

 

 


NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 

 

139 

 

Explanatory Notes 

 

On Ordinary Business 

 

In relation to item 2, Mr Ong Kok Wah will retire as Independent Non-Executive Chairman of the Company after the conclusion of the Annual 

General Meeting. He will also cease to be the Chairman of the Nominating Committee and Remuneration Committee and a member of the Audit 

and Risk Management Committee. 

 

In relation to item 3, Mr Soennerstedt Carl Johan Pontus will, upon re-election as a Director of the Company, remain as an Executive Director and 

CEO of the Company.  

 

There are no relationships (including immediate family relationships) between Mr Soennerstedt Carl Johan Pontus and the other Directors, the 

Company or the substantial shareholder(s) of the Company.  

 

In relation to item 4, Mr Sugiono Wiyono Sugialam will, upon re-election as a Director of the Company, remain as an Executive Director of the 

Company and the Chairman of the Board. Mr Sugiono Wiyono Sugialam is a substantial shareholder of the Company. 

 

Detailed information on Mr Soennerstedt Carl Johan Pontus and Mr Sugiono Wiyono Sugialam can be found under the “Board of Directors” and 

“Corporate Governance Report” sections in the Company’s annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2020.  

 

On Special Business 

 

Statement Pursuant to Article 57(3) of the Company's Constitution 

 

The effect of the resolutions under the heading "Special Business" in this Notice of the Annual General Meeting are:- 

 

(i)  The Ordinary Resolution 5 proposed in item 7 above is to approve the payment of Directors' fees for the financial year ending 31 December 

2021. 

 

(ii)  The Ordinary Resolution 6 proposed in item 8 above is to allow the Directors of the Company from the date of that meeting until the next 

Annual General Meeting to issue further shares in the Company. The maximum number of shares which the Directors may issue under this 

resolution shall not exceed the quantum set out in the resolution. 

 

IMPORTANT INFORMATION  

 

Due to the ongoing COVID-19 situation, the Company’s AGM will be convened and held by way of electronic means pursuant to the provisions of 

the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit 

Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020 and the Joint Statement by Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority, Monetary Authority of 

Singapore and Singapore Exchange Regulation titled “Guidance on the Conduct of General Meetings Amid Evolving COVID-19 Situation”. 

 

Shareholders of the Company (“Shareholders”) should take note of the following arrangements for the AGM: 

 

(a) 

Attendance in Person: The AGM will be conducted only by electronic means and Shareholders will not be able to physically attend 

the AGM. The proceedings of the AGM will be broadcast through a "live" webcast ("Webcast") comprising both video (audio visual) 

and audio feeds. Please pre-register for the Webcast if you wish to attend the AGM. 

 

(b) 

Live Audio and Video Webcast: All Shareholders as well as investors who hold shares through relevant intermediaries (as defined in 

Section 181(1C) of the Companies Act) ("Investors") (including Central Provident Fund ("CPF") and Supplementary Retirement 

Scheme ("SRS") ("CPF/SRS investors")), who wish to follow the proceedings of the AGM through the Webcast must pre-register 

online at URL: sg.conveneagm.com/polaris for verification purposes. The Website will be open for pre-registration from 9:00 p.m. on 3 

June 2021 and will close at 2:00 p.m. on 15 June 2021. Following verification, an email will be sent to you on or around 17 June 2021 

via the e-mail address provided on pre-registration. Please use the provided access and/or identification credentials to access the 

Webcast. 

 

If 

you 

have 

any 

queries 

on 

the 

Webcast 

viewable 

online 

via 

URL: 

sg.conveneagm.com/polaris, 

please 

email 

support@conveneagm.com, or call the toll-free telephone number 800 852 3335. 

 

(c) 

Submission of Questions: Shareholders and Investors will not be able to ask questions "live" via the webcast. All Shareholders and 

Investors can submit questions relating to the business of the AGM either (i) via electronic mail to IR@wearepolaris.com, or (ii) via the 

pre-registration website URL: sg.conveneagm.com/polaris. Questions must be submitted not less than 72 hours before the time 

appointed for the holding of the AGM. The Company will endeavour to respond to substantial and relevant questions received from 

Shareholders via SGXNET and the Company’s website prior to the AGM, or during the AGM. Where there are substantially similar 

questions the Company will consolidate such questions; consequently not all questions may be individually addressed.  

 

Although the deadline for submitting questions is 2:00 p.m. on 15 June 2021, shareholders are, however, encouraged to submit their 

questions in accordance with the paragraph above earlier than 2:00 p.m. on 11 June 2021 so that they may have the benefit of the 

answers to their questions (where substantial and relevant to the agenda of the AGM) prior to submitting their proxy forms. 

 

(d) 

Voting solely via appointing Chairman as Proxy: Shareholders will only be able to vote at the AGM by appointing the Chairman as 

proxy to vote on their behalf. Duly completed Proxy Forms must be deposited (i) via electronic mail to the Company’s Share Registrar, 

M &amp; C Services Private Limited at GPC@mncsingapore.com (e.g. a clear scanned signed form in PDF), (ii) via post at the office of the 

Company’s Share Registrar, M &amp; C Services Private Limited, at 112 Robinson Road #05-01 Singapore 068902 or (iii) via the pre-

registration website at the URL: sg.conveneagm.com/polaris, and submitted not less than 72 hours before the time appointed for the 

holding of the AGM. The Proxy Form can be downloaded from SGXNET or the Company's website. In the Proxy Form, a Shareholder 

should specifically direct the proxy on how he/she is to vote for or vote against (or abstain from voting on) the resolutions to be tabled 

at the AGM. 

 

(e) 

Investors who hold through Relevant Intermediaries (including CPF/SRS Investors): Investors (including CPF/SRS investors) 

should not make use of the Proxy Form and should instead approach their respective relevant intermediary as soon as possible to 

specify voting instructions. CPF/SRS investors who wish to vote should approach their respective CPF Agent Bank / SRS Operator at 

least seven (7) working days before the AGM (i.e. by 8 June 2021, to ensure that their votes are submitted. 

 

Access to documents or information relating to the AGM  

 

All documents and information relating to the business of the AGM (including this Notice of AGM, the Proxy Form and the Annual Report) have 

been published on SGXNET (www.sgx.com) and the Company's website at http://wearepolaris.sg. Printed copies will not be sent to Shareholders. 

 

 

 


NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 

 

140 

Further Updates 

 

Shareholders should note that the manner of conduct of the AGM may be subject to further changes based on the evolving COVID-19 situation, 

any legislative amendments and any directives or guidelines from government agencies or regulatory authorities. Any changes to the manner of 

conduct of the AGM will be announced by the Company on SGXNET. Shareholders are advised to check SGXNET and the Company's website 

regularly for further updates. 

 

 

Notes: 

(1) 

If the appointor is a corporation, the proxy must be executed under seal or the hand of its duly authorised officer or attorney. 

 

(2) 

A Depositor's name must appear on the Depository Register maintained by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited as at seventy-two (72) 

hours before the time fixed for holding the Annual General Meeting in order for the Depositor to be entitled to attend and vote at the 

Annual General Meeting. 

 

(3) 

The instrument appointing a proxy must be signed by the appointer or his/her attorney duly authorised in writing. Where the instrument 

appointing a proxy is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its common seal or under the hand of any officer or 

attorney duly authorised. The power of attorney or other authority, if any, under which the instrument of proxy is signed on behalf of the 

member or duly certified copy of that power of attorney or other authority (failing previous registration with the Company) shall be 

attached to the instrument of proxy, failing which the instrument may be treated as invalid. 

 

 

 

Personal data privacy: 

 

By submitting a proxy form appointing a proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to attend, speak and vote at the Annual General 

Meeting ("AGM") and/or any adjournment thereof, a member of the Company (i) consents to the collection, use and disclosure 

of the member's personal data by the Company (or its agents and/or service providers) for the purpose of the processing and 

administration by the Company (or its agents and/or service providers) of proxies and representatives appointed for the AGM 

(including any adjournment thereof), the preparation and compilation of the attendance lists, minutes and other documents 

relating to the AGM (including any adjournment thereof ), the Company (or its agents and/or service providers) to comply with 

any applicable laws, listing rules, regulations and/or guidelines, and recording, transmitting images and voice recordings when 

broadcasting the AGM proceedings through the Webcast (collectively, the "'Purposes"), (ii) warrants that where the member 

discloses the personal data of the member's proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to the Company (or its agents and/or service 

providers), the member has obtained the prior consent of such proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the collection, use and 

disclosure by the Company (or its agents and/or service providers) of the personal data of such proxy(ies) and/ or 

representative(s) for the Purposes, and (iii) agrees that the member will indemnify the Company in respect of any penalties, 

liabilities, claims, demands, losses and damages as a result of the member's breach of warranty. 

__________________________________________________________________________________________ 

 

This document has been reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, Stamford Corporate Services Pte. Ltd. (the “Sponsor”). It has not been examined 

or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”) and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of 

this document, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this document. 

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr Yap Wai Ming:  

Tel: 6389 3000  

Email: waiming.yap@morganlewis.com 

 

 


 

 

 

PROXY FORM 

(Please see notes overleaf before completing this Form) 

 

 

POLARIS LTD. 

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)  

(Unique Entity Number: 198404341D) 

 

I/We*__________________________(Name), NRIC/Passport/Company Registration*No.___________________  

 

of ________________________________________________________________________________(Address) 

 

being a member/members* of POLARIS LTD. (the "Company"), hereby appoint the chairman of the Annual 

General Meeting (“AGM”) as my/our* proxy to attend, speak and vote for me/us* on my/our* behalf at the AGM of 

the Company to be held by way of electronic means on Friday, the 18th day of June 2021 at 2.00 p.m. and at any 

adjournment thereof. I/We* direct my/our* proxy to vote for or against or abstain from voting on the Resolutions to 

be proposed at the AGM as indicated hereunder. If no specific direction as to voting is given or in the event of any 

other matter arising at the AGM and at any adjournment thereof, the proxy will vote or abstain from voting at 

his/her discretion. 

 

(If you wish your proxy to cast all your votes “For” or “Against” a resolution, please tick (√) in the “For” or 

“Against” box provided. Alternatively, please indicate the number of votes as appropriate. If you wish your proxy to 

abstain from voting on a resolution, please tick (√) in the “Abstain” box provided. Alternatively, please indicate 

the number of shares that your proxy is directed to abstain from voting.) 

 

 

No. 

Ordinary Resolutions 

For 

Against 

Abstain 

Ordinary Business 

 

1. 

To receive and adopt the Audited Financial Statements for the 

financial year ended 31 December 2020 together with the Directors’ 

Statement and Auditors’ Report thereon 

 

 

 

2. 

Re-election of Mr Soennerstedt Carl Johan Pontus as Executive 

Director pursuant to Regulation 86 of the Company’s Constitution 

 

 

 

3. 

Re-election of Mr Sugiono Wiyono Sugialam as Executive Director 

pursuant to Regulation 93 of the Company’s Constitution 

 

 

 

4. 

Re-appointment of Moore Stephens LLP as Auditors of the Company 

and authorise the Directors to fix their remuneration 

 

 

 

Special Business 

 

5. 

Approval of Directors’ fees of up to S$115,000 for the financial year 

ending 31 December 2021 

 

 

 

6. 

Authority to allot and issue shares 

 

 

 

 

*Please delete accordingly. 

 

 

 

 

Dated this ......................... day of .......................... 2021. 

 

 

...................................................................................... 

Signature(s) of Member(s) or Common Seal  

of Corporate Shareholder 

 

 

Important: Please read notes overleaf. 



Total number of Shares in: 

No. of Shares 

(a) CDP Register 

 

(b) Register of Members 

 

IMPORTANT: 

 

1. For investors who have used their CPF and/or SRS monies to buy 

shares in the Company, this proxy form is not valid for use and shall be 

ineffective for all intents and purposes if used or purported to be used 

by them.  

2. CPF and/or SRS investors are requested to contact their respective 

Agent Banks at least seven (7) working days before the AGM to specify 

voting instructions and to ensure that their votes are submitted. 


 

 

Notes: 

 

1. 

In accordance with the alternative arrangements under the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for 

Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020, members of the Company who 

wish to have their votes cast at the AGM must appoint the Chairman of the AGM as their proxy to do so. 

 

2. 

A member should insert the total number of shares held. If the member has shares entered against his name in the Depository Register (as 

defined in Section 81SF of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289), he should insert that number of shares. If the member has shares 

registered in his name in the Register of Members of the Company, he should insert the number of shares. If the member has shares 

entered against his name in the Depository Register and shares registered in his name in the Register of Members of the Company, he 

should insert the aggregate number of shares. If no number is inserted, this form of proxy will be deemed to relate to all the shares held by 

the member of the Company. 

 

3. 

The instrument appointing a proxy or proxies must be under the hand of the appointor or of his attorney duly authorized in writing. Where the 

instrument appointing a proxy or proxies is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its seal or under the hand of an 

officer or attorney duly authorised. Where the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies is executed by an attorney on behalf of the appointor, 

the letter or power of attorney or a duly certified copy thereof must be lodged with the instrument. 

 

4. 

The instrument appointing a proxy or proxies, together with the power of attorney (if any) under which it is signed or a notarially certified 

thereof, shall be deposited (i) via electronic mail to the Company’s Share Registrar, M &amp; C Services Private Limited at 

GPC@mncsingapore.com (e.g. a clear scanned signed form in PDF), (ii) via post to the office of the Company’s Share Registrar, M &amp; C 

Services Private Limited, at 112 Robinson Road #05-01 Singapore 068902 or (iii) via the pre-registration website URL: 

sg.conveneagm.com/polaris, and submitted not less than seventy-two (72) hours before the time appointed for the holding of the Meeting. 

 

5. 

Please indicate with a tick [✓] in the spaces provided whether you wish your vote(s) to be for or against the Resolutions or to abstain from 

voting. In the absence of specific directions, the proxy/proxies will vote or abstain as he/she/they may think fit, as he/she/they will on any 

other matter arising at the Meeting. 

 

6. 

The Company shall be entitled to reject the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies if it is incomplete, improperly completed or illegible or 

where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointor specified in the instrument appointing a 

proxy or proxies. 

 

7. 

In the case of members of the Company whose shares are entered against their names in the Depository Register, the Company may reject 

any instrument appointing a proxy or proxies lodged if such members are not shown to have shares entered against their names in the 

Depository Register 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the Meeting as certified by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited to the 

Company. 

 

8. 

An investor who buys shares using Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) monies (“CPF Investor”) and/or Supplementary Retirement Scheme 

(“SRS”) monies (“SRS Investor”) (as may be applicable) should not make use of this Proxy Form and should instead approach their 

respective relevant intermediary as soon as possible to specify voting instructions. CPF/SRS Investors who wish to vote should approach 

their respective CPF Agent Bank / SRS Operator at least seven (7) working days before the date of the AGM (i.e. by 8th June 2021), to 

ensure that their votes are submitted. 

 

 

Personal data privacy: 

 

By submitting a proxy form appointing a proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to attend, speak and vote at the Annual General Meeting ("AGM") 

and/or any adjournment thereof, a member of the Company (i) consents to the collection, use and disclosure of the member's personal data by 

the Company (or its agents and/or service providers) for the purpose of the processing and administration by the Company (or its agents and/or 

service providers) of proxies and representatives appointed for the AGM (including any adjournment thereof), the preparation and compilation of 

the attendance lists, minutes and other documents relating to the AGM (including any adjournment thereof ), the Company (or its agents and/or 

service providers) to comply with any applicable laws, listing rules, regulations and/or guidelines, and recording, transmitting images and voice 

recordings when broadcasting the AGM proceedings through the Webcast (collectively, the "'Purposes"), (ii) warrants that where the member 

discloses the personal data of the member's proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to the Company (or its agents and/or service providers), the 

member has obtained the prior consent of such proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the collection, use and disclosure by the Company (or its 

agents and/or service providers) of the personal data of such proxy(ies) and/ or representative(s) for the Purposes, and (iii) agrees that the 

member will indemnify the Company in respect of any penalties, liabilities, claims, demands, losses and damages as a result of the member's 

breach of warranty. 

 

 


This page has been intentionally left blank.


This page has been intentionally left blank.


POLARIS LTD.

81 Ubi Avenue 4 | #03-11 UB.One | Singapore 408830

Tel: +65 6309 9088 | Fax: +65 6305 0489

wearepolaris.sg

























