
Pollux Properties Ltd. 

 

 

 

 

Together We Build Excellence 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report FY2018 


Contents 

 

1 

About this Report ....................................................................................................................... 1 

 

2 

Message from the CEO ............................................................................................................. 2 

 

3 

Overview of the Group .............................................................................................................. 4 

 

4 

Business Philosophy and Values .......................................................................................... 5 

 

5 

Approach to Sustainability ...................................................................................................... 7 

 

6 

Stakeholder Engagement ......................................................................................................... 8 

 

7 

Environmental Compliance ..................................................................................................... 9 

 

8 

Our People, Our Community ................................................................................................. 10 

 

9 

Creating a Healthy, Safe and Conducive Workplace ...................................................... 15 

 

10  Training and Education .......................................................................................................... 17 

 

GRI Content Index............................................................................................................................ 19 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This sustainability report has been prepared by the Company and its contents have been reviewed by the 

Company’s Sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited (the “Sponsor”), for compliance with the relevant rules 

of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”).  

 

The Sponsor has not independently verified the contents of this sustainability report. This sustainability 

report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for 

the contents of this sustainability report including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions 

made or reports contained in this sustainability report.  

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms Tay Sim Yee (Telephone number: +65 6232 3210) at 1 Robinson 

Road, #21-00 AIA Tower, Singapore 048542.


1 

 

1      About this Report 

 

 

Pollux Properties Ltd. (“Pollux” or the “Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is 

pleased to present our inaugural sustainability report covering our sustainability efforts for the financial 

year ended 31 March 2018 (“FY2018”). 

 

As one of the property developers in Singapore, we place strong emphasis in creating sustainable value 

for our shareholders and customers. We are committed to applying best practices in our sustainability 

reporting and ensuring transparency for our various stakeholders. 

 

Reporting Scope and Period 

This sustainability report provides an overview of Pollux’s sustainability performance as well as its 

strategies and practices, while highlighting the economic, environmental, and social impacts of the 

Company’s activities and developments. To reaffirm our commitment towards sustainability, our 

sustainability report will be published no later than 31 August on an annual basis from the financial year 

ending 31 March 2019 (“FY2019”) onwards. This report focuses on the Group’s sustainability efforts and 

strategies for the period from 1 April 2017 to 31 March 2018. 

 

Reporting Process 

In each reporting cycle, Pollux’s Sustainability Reporting Working Committee (“SRW Committee”), in 

consultation with the Board of Directors, reviews the content of the sustainability report to determine its 

relevance to our business, as well as to ensure that the current and emerging material issues of 

significance pertaining to sustainability and the interests of our stakeholders are addressed.  

 

GRI Guidelines 

We would like to inform our stakeholders that we are benchmarking our sustainability efforts in 

accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards. 

 

The GRI Sustainability Reporting Guidelines provide a globally recognised framework for companies to 

measure and communicate their environmental, economic, social and governance performance. We 

have prepared our sustainability report in accordance with the GRI Standards - Core option, and in 

accordance with SGX Catalist Rule 711B. We have not sought external assurance for this sustainability 

report. 

 

Feedback 

We welc om e your ques tions and value feedback from our stakeholders as it allows us to 

continually improve our sustainability policies, processes and performance. Kindly address all feedback 

to the SRW Committee at sr@pollux.com.sg. Your feedback is important to us so that we can improve 

on our sustainability practices. 

 


2 

 

2 

Message from the CEO 

 

Dear Stakeholders, 

 

It is my pleasure to present our Sustainability Report for FY2018.  This report comprises information 

and data in the past 12 months of our last Financial year from 1 April 2017 to 31 March 2018 and 

its focuses on our principal business as property development and property investment segment. 

FY2018 ushered in a positive reversal to the property sector in Singapore. The latest statistics 

 

released by the Urban Redevelopment Authority (“URA”) for the first quarter of 2018 pointed to both 

price and rental growth in all three segments – residential, commercial spaces and retail spaces – 

of the property sector. 

 

Recognising this potential, we acted fast to complete the acquisition of Pollux Alpha Investments 

Ltd (“PAI”, together with its subsidiaries, “PAI Group”) in FY2018. PAI adds 15 premium commercial 

and residential properties to the Group’s asset portfolio, which will strengthen and improve the 

stability of our recurring income. 

 

The Group also expects the operating environment and conditions to be challenging due to stiff 

market competition. Nevertheless, we strive to do our best and look at various ways to protect our 

business. 

 

Forward Strategy 

 

Underscoring our strategy to build the Group’s recurring income base, we have acquired PAI and 

its portfolio of 15 premium commercial and residential properties during FY2018 which helped to 

bolster our existing portfolio of two (2) retail properties along Balestier Road as well as our Louis 

Kienne Serviced Residences (“LKSR”). 

 

In addition, we are positive about the growth prospects of our fund management associate, Stirling 

Fort Capital Pte. Ltd., which is also in the business of collecting stable and recurring fees each year. 

Stirling Fort Capital Pte. Ltd. has secured the management of fresh fund management contracts, 

which is expected to boost its assets under management and management fees for FY2019. 

 

We will continue to fortify our fee-based income business in FY2019. We firmly believe this will help 

provide greater income visibility and stability for Pollux Properties. We expect opportunities in the 

hospitality industry and more fund management activities to underpin this potential growth area. 

We are also actively looking to enlarge our existing portfolio of assets as well as diversifying into 

overseas markets. 

 

 

Business Outlook 

 

In the first quarter of 2018, statistics from the URA revealed that private residential property prices 


3 

 

 

rose 3.9%. This was the third consecutive quarter of price hikes since posting 15 consecutive 

quarters of declines dating back to 2013. 

 

URA statistics also pointed that rentals of private residential properties have decreased by 1.0% 

in 4th quarter of 2018, compared with the 0.3% increase in the previous quarter. For the whole of 

2018, rentals of private residential properties increased by 0.6%, compared with the decline of 

1.9% in 2017.  

 

 

On the office space front, prices rebounded by 2.4% in the fourth quarter of 2018. Similarly, office 

rents climbed 0.5% in the fourth quarter of 2018, compared with the 2.5% increase in the previous 

quarter. For the whole of 2018, prices of office space increased by 5.7%, compared with the decline 

of 2.4% in 2017; while rental of office space increased by 7.4%, compared with the increase of 0.4% 

in 2017. 

 

According to the Singapore Tourism Board (“STB”), both tourism receipt and visitor arrivals for 2017 

registered record highs for two consecutive years. This has translated to an increase in the 

standard average occupancy rates for hotels in the first three quarters of 2018 to 86.9%. 

 

This bodes well for LKSR which recorded occupancy rates of 79% and continue to receive a healthy 

number of enquiries. One risk area for our serviced residences business is the announcement by 

URA, dated 30 June 2017, to reduce the minimum rental period of private homes from six months 

to three months. 

 

Despite growing tailwinds in the property sector, we will retain prudent stance when sourcing for 

viable opportunities to replenish our land banks with accretive land and continue expanding our 

portfolio of investment properties. 

 

Barring any unforeseen circumstances, the Group believes that the operation of LKSR, growth of 

our associate fund management company, Stirling Fort Capital Pte. Ltd., as well as PAI will widen 

in 2018. 

 

Engaging Stakeholders 

 

FY2018 was an eventful year for the Group and we have delivered quality properties at our 

developments despite the setbacks we faced. This would not have been possible without the 

dedication and teamwork of our management team and employees. 

 

At this juncture, we would like to express our deepest appreciation to all our stakeholders, including 

our customers, business partners, principals and our employees for their continuous support as we 

know that our success will not be possible without you all. With your continuous support, we look 

forward to taking on new challenges and embracing diverse opportunities for the Group in FY2019. 

 

Mr Nico Purnomo Po 

 

Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer 


4 

 

3      Overview of the Group 

 

 

Corporate Profile 

Pollux Properties Ltd. is a property developer in Singapore with an exclusive focus on the development 

of residential and commercial properties. 

 

The Group actively engages in the business of developing premium real estate projects, with the key 

aim of creating homes reflecting the philosophy of lavish and modern living. 

 

Pollux develops high-end real estate projects with distinguished style and luxurious quality. We are 

committed to develop iconic residential as well as commercial properties. Pollux looks forward to 

embarking on many more projects that will give the Group a greater presence in the property market 

both as a developer and investor. 

 

For details of our projects, please refer to our website http://pollux.com.sg/ or our FY2018 Annual Report. 

 

Vision 

To be a premier multi-national corporation creating iconic luxury property development in the region. 

 

Mission 

To create innovative landmark development of perennial value to the community and achieving 

sustainable higher returns to our shareholders 

 

Financial Highlights 

The Group has recorded a revenue of S$15.3 million for FY2018 and gross profit margins improved by 

13.8 percentage points from the previous financial year ended 31 March 2017. 

 

Employee Information 

As at 31 March 2018, Pollux has a total of 32 employees. Embracing strength in diversity, we hire 

employees of different ages and genders. 


5 

 





 

 





 

 

4      Business Philosophy and Values 

 

 

Corporate Philosophy 

Excellence in crafting great homes and plush communities start by working with leading interior 

designers and suppliers of the best home fittings. 

 

Relationships built on integrity and trust is important to us because we believe in building homes, not 

just apartments. 

 

Refined luxury to us means tasteful finishing and intricate pairings. Simply put, we are making it a point 

to fuss over every detail even when you are not. 

 

Passion for details sets Pollux apart. We are constantly in the search of the best materials befitting your 

dream home. We want to make moving in a pleasure and living as leisurely as possible. That’s why we 

call it home, it’s the way living is meant to be. 

 

Sustainability should be at the start of every venture and not its end. Pollux works with a clear end in 

mind. That means sharing our vision of great dwelling places and plush communities with our 

customers, a robust business for our investors and a responsibility to share our success with the 

community. 

 

 

 

Engaging the Environment and our Employees 

Pollux is committed to protecting and conserving the environment that our business operates in. 

Initiatives have been taken to develop buildings which comply with the guidelines set by the local 

building authorities. We adopt strategies that are environmentally sustainable by incorporating more 

greenery, landscaping, better facilities and innovative house design into our projects. The Group has 

also adopted the International Organisation for Standardisation (ISO) 9001 in Quality Management and 

ISO 14001 in Environmental Management as well as Occupational Health and Safety Management 

System (OHSMS) 18001 to our employees’ health and safety. 

 

The Group also provides opportunities for employees to improve their skillsets and knowledge to increase 

workplace productivity and job satisfaction. The Group also embarked on Occupation Safety and Health 

Programmes to raise awareness amongst our employees on the importance of adopting an active and 

healthy lifestyle. The Group strives to fulfil the rights and obligations of employees in accordance with 

the applicable laws and regulations. Employees also actively engage themselves through social and 

recreational interaction and employee bonding activities. 


6 

 

 

 



Community Involvement 

Corporate social responsibility (“CSR”) is embedded in our corporate culture and forms an integral part 

of our business direction. We are guided by our belief that the inclusion of community interests into our 

business processes supports the long-term interests of the Company and our stakeholders. With our 

proactive approach to promote CSR, we seek to elevate our corporate image and attract investors. As 

we place greater value to social inclusiveness and integration, this would also provide the platform for 

our employees to work in positive workplace to boost employee engagement and increase productivity 

at work. We strongly encourage our employees to recycle items and reduce wastage through donation 

of unwanted usable items and participate in volunteering activities. We believe that when our employees 

contribute their time and effort to worthy causes, they would in turn develop professionally and 

personally, with a greater sense of purpose. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Membership of Associations 

The Group is also part of the membership of Real Estate Development Association Singapore 

(“REDAS”) since year 2011. 

 

The Group has taken part on the REDAS Members Networking Session on 7 April 2017. 

 

 

Certifications and Awards 

The Property Guru Asia Property Awards is one of the region’s most respected real estate awards 

programme. Covering more than a dozen countries across Asia, rewarding only the best developers 

and developments at a domestic and regional level, the Awards provide a benchmark of excellence for 

Asian real estate. This Award programme has an unparalleled reputation for being credible, fair and 

transparent, whereby all entries are rigorously and fairly judged by an independent panel of industry 

experts and assessed by a trusted awards supervisor. 

 

In the Property Guru Asia Property Awards, the Group has been awarded as one of the highly 

commended developer in the “Best Boutique Developer” category for year 2017. 

 

Besides, the Group has also been certified by various certifications namely ISO 9001; ISO14001; and 

OHSAS 18001 since 27 August 2015. 


7 

 

5      Approach to Sustainability 

 

 

Our Approach 

Pollux has considered sustainability issues as part of the strategic formulation of the Group. We strive 

to create long term value for our stakeholders. We have established the SRW Committee to oversee 

the development of the sustainability strategy, sustainability performance and monitoring, as well as 

the production of this sustainability report.  We also actively participate in initiatives in line with our 

sustainability approach. 

 

SRW Committee Structure 

The SRW Committee is led by the Chief Executive Officer and the Financial Controller and includes the 

senior management personnel of all our business functions.  

 

Materiality Assessment 

The materiality assessment forms an integral part of our dialogue with our stakeholders.  By 

communicating with them on the key topics, we gain a better understanding of their different views and 

perspectives. This in turn enables us to actively address important issues and challenges and to report 

on them transparently. 

 

Hence, the Group is committed to undertaking the materiality assessment regularly. We believe by doing 

so, it will help us to identify new trends, evolve our strategy accordingly and tailor our reporting to align 

it to the interests and needs of our business and our stakeholders. 

 

Our Materiality Process 

Pollux conducted its first formal materiality assessment in FY2018, to identify and prioritise issues that 

are most relevant and significant to the Group and its stakeholders. These issues are mostly linked to 

the Group’s overall strategy and other major areas of corporate sustainability. 

 

The SRW Committee evaluated each material factor based on the influence on stakeholder decisions and 

significance of environmental and social impact. 

 

Material Factors 

The SRW Committee has identified the following material factors for FY2018. 

 

1.   Environmental Compliance 

2.   Employment 

3.   Occupational Health and Safety 

4.   Training and Education 

 

As we strive to improve our level of transparency and timely communication to all our 

stakeholders, we will continuously monitor and review other potential key factors in the following 

years. 


8 

 

6      Stakeholder Engagement 

 

 

Pollux regularly engage with and consult our diverse groups of stakeholders to understand our 

stakeholders’ expectations and opinions, so as to align their needs in our business decisions. Our 

stakeholders are classified into four main groups – Employees, Customers, Shareholders/Investors and 

Business Partners. We strive to achieve greater effectiveness for our stakeholders through identifying 

focus areas and streamlining our processes.  

 

We actively engage our key stakeholders through the following channels: 

 

Key Stakeholders 

Modes of Engagement 

Topics of Concern 

Employees 

 

Occupational health and safety talks  

 

Performance appraisal 

 

Staff training 

 

Monthly Staff Dialogue sessions 

 

Remuneration and Benefits 

 

Provide training and progressive 

career development 

opportunities  

 

Customers 

 

Annual reports  

 

Showflat brochures 

 

Quality of housing 

Shareholders and 

investors 

 

Annual reports  

 

Shareholders’ meetings 

 

Corporate announcements and 

circulars 

 

Half-yearly and full-yearly financial 

results announcements 

 

Investor relations management 

 

Financial and operational 

performance of the Group 

 

Corporate governance and 

sustainability practices 

 

Business strategies 

Business Partners 

 

Assessment of contractors and 

suppliers on occurrence of 

accidents 

 

Health and safety  

 

Environmental compliance 

 

 

 

Supply Chain 

As a sustainable property developer, Pollux is committed to manage its supply chain across the entirety 

of its project life cycle, from its initiation, design development stage, construction to operation stages. 

This will allow the Group to effectively manage its contractors, as well as its diverse services, materials 

and equipment required to deliver the large-scale projects in the business environment we operate in. 

 

In selecting our project’s contractors, they are assessed under stringent criteria, which includes, 

amongst others, past track records, financial strength as well as commitments towards high quality, 

health and safety standards. We also work together with our contractors to ensure that the operations 

comply with the local government and other applicable legal requirements. 


9 

 

7      Environmental Compliance 

 

 

We believe that adhering to our Group’s codes, policies and procedures and applicable laws and 

regulations is critical as they underpin our stakeholders’ trust and our license to operate. We have zero 

tolerance for non-compliance and encourage our stakeholders to report any incidences via our 

established whistle blowing channels. We relied on consultants to provide guidance and advice, and 

with the contribution of everyone’s combined effort, we are proud to share that the Group had no incident 

of non-compliance with environmental and socioeconomic laws and regulations during FY2018. It is of our 

utmost importance that we maintain this unblemished record. 

 

Supplementary environment protection measures 

We are highly aware of the impact of our business on the world’s carbon footprint, hence we are 

continually striving to be more environmentally friendly. At Pollux, we promote a holistic approach to 

sustainability, focusing on effective resource utilization, energy cost effectiveness to promote 

responsible resource consumption. 

 

Since 2014, Pollux started the practice of installing individual metres in each service apartment for 

LKSR. This increases the accountability of each tenant, as well as the transparency of utility bills. 

The usage threshold is agreed beforehand, and our tenants would have to absorb the extra usage, if 

the usage exceeds the threshold. We believe this contributes significantly in keeping the energy 

consumption levels low in recent years. Additionally, for all the long-term residents (ie guest who will 

stay more than 1 month), the house-keeping service will be scheduled twice per week, and residents 

will be reminded that used towel or linen should be placed at the designated areas, if required to change, 

to avoid unnecessary change or replacement. 

 

 


10 

 

8      Our People, Our Community 

 

 

With the rapid technological and market changes in our industry, it is vital for our employees to keep 

themselves abreast of the latest industry developments and be equipped with the proper knowledge 

for the future. We are committed to creating an inclusive and cohesive environment where our employees 

share their visions and aspirations for the businesses while growing and developing together with the 

Group. In this respect, we are committed to develop our people through skills-building and leadership 

opportunities to unleash the potential in our future leaders. 

 

As part of our dedication to developing our people, we strive to create an inclusive working environment 

where every employee is valued, and individual performance is recognised. We value the key role of 

diversity in developing a competent and efficient workforce, and we have conducted various programs, 

training courses and workshops aiming to strengthen our people’s appreciation for diversity. 

Furthermore, we provide equal opportunities for all employees without discrimination. We are committed 

to maintaining a talented, dedicated and diverse workforce and to providing equal opportunities in 

employment. 

 

As at 31 March 2018, Pollux has a total number of 32 employees. We believe in providing a diverse, 

inclusive and collaborative work culture, as well as an environment that values differences to achieve 

better business results.  We employ qualified candidates without any discrimination against age, 

gender, race, marital status, nationality or religion. Female employees are well represented across 

all levels of the organization, in both senior leadership and key technical roles. 

 

 

Workforce by gender (hired) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

46.88% 

 

 

 

53.13% 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Male 

Female 

 

 


11 

 

New Hires 

There were 8 new hires in FY2018. The new hires come from various age groups, with 13% below 30 

years old, 37% above 50 years old and the remainder were aged between 30-50 years old. Although 

there were only 25% of the new hires that were males, we currently have a healthy balance of female-

to-male ratio in FY2018. 

 

 

 

 

 





25%

75%

EMPLOYEES BY GENDER (NEW HIRES)



Male



Female







12%

50%

38%

EMPLOYEES BY AGE (NEW HIRES)



Under 30 years old



Aged 30 - 50 years old



Above 50 years old


12 

 

Resignations 

Of the 10 employees that left our Group in FY2018, 30% were between 30-50 years old and 40% were 

under 30 years old, with the remaining 30% being above 50 years old. Turnover by gender was geared 

at 30% for men and 70% for women respectively. 

 

 

Pollux is desirous in maintaining a strong and healthy workforce, with a balance between the turnover and 

retention rate. Employment for high-skilled positions remain stable, with organisational operations 

consistent and key management personnel unchanged. 

 

Going forward, Pollux aims to further strengthen our employee retention numbers by 5 - 10% on an 

annual basis, with the commitment to develop our talent pool and to ensure sustainable operation 

management. We aim to achieve our goals with the following initiatives: 

 

• 

To   empower employees through skills-based training and career development opportunities; 

 

• 

To engage employees by conducting regular dialogue and feedback sessions between 

employees and management; 

 

• 

To review employee remuneration and benefits every year by benchmarking with industry 

average; and 

 

• 

To further enhance employee welfare, such as introducing and promoting flexible work 

arrangements by utilizing Work-Life Grant by the Singapore government. 







40%

30%

30%

WORKFORCE BY AGE (RESIGNEES)



Under 30 years old



Aged 30 - 50 years old



Above 50 years old


13 

 

Benefits and Welfare 

 

 

At Pollux, we value and recognise our people’s contributions through rewards and benefits, hence we 

customize the benefits according to the staff’s needs and wants. In addition to our current remuneration, 

we also offer a competitive benefit package to help recruit and retain talent, which includes but are not 

limited to: 

 

Item 

Employment Benefits 

Descriptions 

1 

Holistic set of benefit allowances 

These are intended for the employees’ 

supplemental benefits, which includes: 

 

(a)  Meal allowance 

(b)  Laundry &amp; dry-cleaning allowance 

(c)  Mobile phone allowance  

(d)  Transportation allowance  

(e)  Entertainment allowance  

(f)   Dental allowance 

(g)  Medical allowance 

2 

Insurance 

All our employees are under the coverage against 

death, total and permanent disability. This accords 

them with some degree of financial protection. 

3 

Hospitalization and surgical 

coverage 

This system eases the financial burden on our 

employee’s family in the unfortunate event 

which the employee has to get hospitalized or 

undergo surgery. 

4 

Staff room discount 

Employees are entitled to staff discount with 

special rates rewarded, subject to appointment 

availability. 

5 

Staff birthday gift token 

In order to express our gratitude, we provide a 

small gift token on their birthdays. We conduct a 

combined birthday cake-cutting session as well. 

6 

Annual appreciation events and 

festival celebrations 

We have various bonding activities planned out 

every month for our employees, as well as a staff 

dialogue session for them to voice out their opinion. 

In addition, we hold our Chinese New Year and 

Christmas parties as well. 

7 

Leave package 

The allocated number of days of leave for each 

employee is as per Ministry of Manpower 

(“MOM”)’s guidelines. We put in our utmost effort in 

ensuring our employees have the adequate rest 

and an ideal work-life balance. 

 

 

In addition, we constantly review our employment policies and remuneration practices to ensure 

compliance with the updated employment laws, in order to keep up with the best industry practices to 

provide the optimal working conditions for our people. 


14 

 

Central Provident Fund (CPF) Scheme and Contributions 

 

 

The CPF is a comprehensive social security scheme co-funded by both the employers and employers 

which aim to provide working Singaporeans and Permanent Residents with a degree of financial 

confidence and security through their old age. 

 

Pollux assist employees in making monthly contributions which are deducted from their gross monthly 

salaries and deposited into their CPF accounts, as a statutory requirement from the Singapore 

government. For employees below 55 years old, Pollux makes an additional contribution of 17% as an 

employer on top of the employee’s 20% contribution. 

 

Parental Leave 

 

 

Pollux supports the Singapore government’s pro-family legislation and adopts welfare practices to 

enhance this pro-family environment at the workplace. Eligible working mothers and fathers whose new- 

born child is a Singapore citizen are entitled to 16 weeks of maternity leave and 2 weeks of paternity 

leave respectively. Eligible working parents of at least one Singapore citizen child of under seven years 

old are entitled to 6 days of paid childcare leave annually. 

 

In FY2018, Pollux has a 100% return to work rate. We have 1 female employee and 2 male employees 

who utilised their parental leave and resumed work thereafter. 

 

We encourage and support the value and importance of the parents’ involvement in caring for their 

young children. Hence, Pollux will continually enhance these pro-family practices and work towards 

building a conducive workplace for our working parents. 


15 

 

9      Creating a Healthy, Safe and Conducive Workplace 

 

 

We believe that our people are our key assets, and we are dedicated to creating a safe and conducive 

workplace for our employees; workplace safety is a top priority for us. We take pride in ensuring that all 

our employees and contractors are competent and equipped to work safely and we also recognise and 

strive to fulfil our duty of care to provide a safe workplace for those who step into our premises. 

 

To complement our commitment to work-health safety, we strive to build a workplace culture that 

promotes work-life balance and a healthy well-being. By placing importance in ensuring the safety and 

well-being of our employees, this will increase employee satisfaction and engagement, and lead to 

increased productivity and greater organizational performance. 

 

Setting the Standards 

Pollux currently has an ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 certification. We have also completed 

and attained the highest level in the bizSAFE, a five-step programme offered by the Workplace Safety 

and Health (“WSH”) Council that assists companies in building their WSH capacity and capabilities. 

 

The Group has also embarked on Occupational Safety and Health Programmes to raise awareness 

amongst our employees on the importance of adopting an active and healthy lifestyle. The Group strives 

to fulfil the rights and obligations of employees in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations. 

 

Total Workplace Safety and Health (Total WSH) 

Our project team works closely with the main contractor situated on site, to ensure that their workers 

are committed to high quality safety and health standards. As a result of consistent and comprehensive 

safety infrastructures in placed as well as programmes to empower and engage our workers, we have 

kept our total number of fatalities and dangerous occurrences in FY2018 to zero. According to the data 

received from the project team, which in turn obtains information from the main contractor, we managed 

to maintain a clean zero percent in Accident Frequency Rate (“AFR”)N1. There was no reportable incident 

to MOM in FY2018. 

 

As a pre-requisite for the ISO certification, there was an ISO audit conducted in FY2018 and no issues 

were noted. We have also passed the fire safety inspection by Singapore Civil Defence Force (“SCDF”) 

on 30 April 2018. In order to better equip ourselves in times of emergency, we have a dedicated 

Emergency Response team, which is headed by the General Manager, to handle all relevant matters at 

the service apartments at LKSR.  

 

Holistic Skills Development Training 

In-line with equipping our employees with safety knowledge and skills, we conduct monthly briefings for 

our employees, to ensure that each one is capable of performing safely and optimally at the service 

apartments. 

 

We keep ample documentation of these briefings to monitor the actual happenings at the service 

apartment. At the same time, the employees may also use these to track their skills-development 

progress and level of competency relating to work safety. Pollux has developed a comprehensive 

syllabus for each department, ensuring that each worker is extensively equipped with the safety 

awareness and skills. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

N1  AFR = No. of Workplace Accidents Reported / No. of Man Hours Worked x 1,000,000 

 


16 

 





 

 





 

 

Safety Drill Exercises and Site Inspections 

Beyond safety at the sites, we also place paramount importance on educating our employees on having 

the required safety knowledge and practical skills. This extends to employees at our corporate office as 

well, to ensure that all employees are properly equipped to handle emergency situations. We have 

conducted fire safety briefings to educate our office staff and workers on handling fire accidents, as well 

as the necessary protocols and measures to mitigate the situation. 

 

 Fire drills were conducted at our corporate offices and emergency evacuation exercises at work sites 

to ensure our employees are responsive and vigilant in times of emergency. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

In FY2018, we have conducted two fire evacuation drills at LKSR, with a participation rate of 100% and 

82% respectively. The decrease in participation rate for the second fire drill was because some of the 

employees had to attend to guests that were checking in and out of the serviced residences. There were 

also some that had completed their shift and left the building. Both fire drills took approximately 4 minutes 

for full evacuation. 


17 

 

10    Training and Education 

 

 

Training and Development 

We invest heavily in skills training, education and development of our employees to stay relevant 

and competitive and to meet the ever-changing demands of our industry. Our training initiative begins 

from the onboarding of new employees, which we provide induction courses for them to integrate into 

our unique organizational culture. This will enable our employees, with different roles, to 

homogeneously function and coordinate efforts to achieve our common goal. 

 

There are also customized targeted trainings conducted every year, for the purpose of equipping them 

with relevant skill sets and professional knowledge to help them realise their full potential in their 

careers. Our employees attended seminars and training programmes covering areas on Audit, 

Accounting, Taxation, Project Management and Corporate Governance Compliance. At Pollux, it is 

mandatory for every employee to have at least one work-related course each year in their official 

employment. 

 

 

 

Average training hours in FY2018 

 

 

Male 

Female 

LKSR 

5.5 

6 

Corporate office 

2.2 

- 

 

 

Average training hours in FY2018 

 

 

Managerial 

Non-managerial 

LKSR 

6 

5.5 

Corporate office 

2.2 

- 

 

 

Upgrading skills 

Our employees were enrolled in an Occupational First Aid Course to train them to render first aid 

treatment in case of an emergency at the workplace. The said course is accredited by the Learning 

Service Providers. Upon successful completion of the course, our employees were issued a 

certification with 2 years validity. 


18 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Performance and Career Development Reviews 

We conduct performance evaluation reviews on a yearly basis, to evaluate employees on their skills 

and performance, and discuss their personal development and organizational goals. Additionally, 

superiors may also give constructive feedback, and insights on aspects which the employees may 

potentially improve on. 

 

Probationary employees would have to undergo a Probationary Evaluation Appraisal exercise before 

being confirmed as a full-time employee in the Group.  

 

 

 

Percentage of employees who underwent 

performance evaluation (by gender) 

 

 

 

LKSR 

 

 

 

Corporate office 

 

 

0% 

10% 

20% 

30% 

40% 

50% 

60% 

70% 

80% 

90%   100% 

 

Male 

Female 

 

 

 

Percentage of employees who underwent 

performance evaluation (by employee category) 

 

 

 

LKSR 

 

 

 

Corporate 

 

 

0% 

10% 

20% 

30% 

40% 

50% 

60% 

70% 

80% 

90% 

100% 

 

Managerial 

Non-managerial 

 

 

At Pollux, we recognise the valuable contribution of all employees. We strongly believe in fair 

remuneration. All employees are assessed regularly and remunerated fairly based on their 

experience, qualifications and performance.


19 

 

GRI Content Index 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

 

102-1 * 

Name of the 

organization 

 

Cover Page of Annual Report FY2018 

 

102-2 * 

Activities, brands, 

products, and services 

Pages 2 to 3 and 88 of Annual Report 

FY2018 

 

102-3 * 

Location of 

headquarters 

 

Page 18 of Annual Report FY2018 

102-4 * 

Location of operations 

Page 14 of Annual Report FY2018 

 

102-5 * 

Ownership and legal 

form 

Pages 50 of Annual Report FY2018 

 

102-6 * 

 

Markets served 

Pages 2 to 3 and 88 of Annual Report 

FY2018 

 

102-7 * 

Scale of the 

organization 

 

Employee Information (Page 4) 

 

102-8 * 

Information on 

employees and other 

workers 

 

Our People, Our Community (Page 10 to 

12) 

102-9 * 

Supply chain 

Supply Chain (Page 8) 

 

102-10 * 

Significant changes to 

the organization and its 

supply chain 

 

Page 4 and 74 of Annual Report FY2018 

 

102-11 * 

Precautionary Principle 

or approach 

 

Our Approach (Page 7) 

 

 

 

 

102-12 * 

 

 

 

 

External initiatives 

Engaging the community and our 

employees (Page 5) 

 

Community Involvement (Page 6) 

Membership of Associations (Page 6) 

Certifications and awards (Page 6) 

 

102-13 * 

Membership of 

associations 

 

 Membership of Associations (Page 6) 

GRI 102: 

Strategy 

 

102-14 * 

Statement from senior 

decision-maker 

 

Message from the CEO (Pages 2 to 3) 

GRI 102: 

Ethics and 

Integrity 

 

102-16 * 

Values, principles, 

standards, and norms 

of behaviour 

 

Corporate Philosophy (Page 5) 

GRI 102: 

Governance 

 

102-18 * 

 

Governance structure 

 

Committee Structure (Page 7) 


20 

 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

GRI 102: 

Stakeholder 

Engagement 

 

102-40 * 

 

List of stakeholder 

groups 

 

Stakeholder Engagement (Page 8) 

 

102-41 * 

 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

 

None 

 

102-42 * 

 

Identifying and 

selecting stakeholders 

 

Stakeholder Engagement (Page 8) 

 

102-43 * 

Approach to 

stakeholder 

engagement 

 

Stakeholder Engagement (Page 8) 

 

102-44 * 

 

Key topics and 

concerns raised 

 

Stakeholder Engagement (Page 8) 

GRI 102: 

Reporting 

Practice 

 

102-45 * 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

 

Page 3 of Annual Report 

 

102-46 * 

 

Defining report content 

and topic Boundaries 

 

About this Report (Page 1) 

 

102-47 * 

 

List of material topics 

 

Material ESG Factors (Page 7) 

 

102-48 * 

 

Restatements of 

information 

 

Not applicable as this is the first year of 

SR reporting 

 

102-49 * 

 

Changes in reporting 

 

Not applicable as this is the first year of 

SR reporting 

 

102-50 * 

 

Reporting period 

 

FY2018 (1 April 2017- 31 March 2018) 

 

102-51 * 

 

Date of most recent 

report 

 

Not applicable as this is the first year of 

SR reporting 

 

102-52 * 

 

Reporting cycle 

 

Annual 

 

102-53 * 

Contact point for 

questions regarding the 

report 

 

Feedback (Page 1) 


21 

 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

 

 

102-54 * 

Claims of reporting in 

accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

 

Core options (33 items) 

 

102-55 * 

 

GRI content index 

 

GRI Content Index (Page 20 to 23) 

 

102-56 * 

 

External Assurance 

 

None 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 

 

DMA 

 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

 

Environmental Compliance (Page 9) 

 

307-1 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

 

Environmental Compliance (Page 9) 

GRI 401: 

Employment 

 

DMA 

 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

 

Our People, Our Community (Page 10) 

 

401-1 

 

New employee hires 

and employee turnover 

New Hires (Page 11) 

Resignations (Page 12) 

 

 

401-2 

Benefits provided to 

full-time employees that 

are not provided to 

temporary or part-time 

employees 

 

 

Benefits and Welfare (Page 13) 

 

401-3 

 

Parental leave 

 

Parental Leave (Page 14) 

 

 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety 

 

DMA 

 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

 

Creating a Healthy, Safe and Conducive 

Workplace (Page 15 to 16) 

 

403-2 

 

Types of injury and rate 

of injury 

 

Total Workplace Safety and Health (Total 

WSH) (Page 15) 

 

 

 

 

 

GRI 404: 

Training and 

Education 

 

DMA 

Disclosure of 

Management Approach 

 

Training and Education (Page 17) 

 

404-1 

Average hours of 

training per year per 

employee 

 

Training and Development (Page 17) 

 

 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading 

employee skills and 

transition assistance 

programs 

 

 

Upgrading Skills (Page 17) 


22 

 

 

Category 

Disclosure 

Description 

Page Reference and Remarks 

 

 

 

404-3 

Percentage of 

employees receiving 

regular performance 

and career 

development reviews 

 

 

Performance and Career Development 

Reviews (Page 18) 

 

