
 

 

 

 

Progen 

Holdings 

Ltd 

Sustainability Report 

 



2017

Shaping the Next Generation 

of Sustainable Environment 

 




 

Table of Contents 

 

About the Report 

1 

Management Approach 

1 

Environmental 

1 

Social 

2 

Governance 

4 

Board Statement 

5  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This sustainability report has been prepared by the Company and its contents have been 

reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, PrimePartners Corporate Finance Pte. Ltd. (the 

“Sponsor”) for compliance with the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the 

“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist. The Sponsor has not verified the 

contents of this sustainability report. 

 

This sustainability report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST. The Sponsor 

and the SGX-ST assume no responsibility for the contents of this sustainability report, 

including the accuracy, completeness or correctness of any of the information, statements or 

opinions made or reports contained in this sustainability report. 

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms Jennifer Tan, Senior Manager, Continuing 

Sponsorship (Mailing address: 16 Collyer Quay, #10-00 Income at Raffles, Singapore 

049318 and Email: sponsorship@ppcf.com.sg). 

 


Sustainability Report – Progen Holdings Ltd  

(for financial year 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017) 

 

 

1 

 

ABOUT THE REPORT 

 

This is the first Sustainability Report issued by Progen Holdings Ltd (the “Company” and 

together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) and focuses on the environmental, social and 

governance (“ESG”) factors that are identified as material on the businesses of the Group. 

This Sustainability Report has been prepared in accordance with Rule 711B and Practice 

Note 7F: Sustainability Reporting Guide of the Listing Manual (Section B: Rules of Catalist) 

(the “Catalist Rules”) of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-

ST”) and is guided by the Global Reporting Initiatives (“GRI”) standards (2016) (“GRI 

Standards”). It has been prepared for the financial year ended 31 December 2017 

(“FY2017”). The Company has chosen the GRI Standards as it represents the global best 

practices for reporting on economic, environmental and social topics.  

Determination of the Sustainability Report content is based on the four GRI Standards 

principles, namely:  

1. 

Stakeholder Engagement 

2. 

Sustainability Context 

3. 

Materiality 

4. 

Completeness 

As this is the first year that our Company is issuing this Sustainability Report, we have 

undertaken the phased approach set out in Practice Note 7F: Sustainability Report Guide as 

specified in the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST. We endeavor to progressively improve our 

sustainability reporting in terms of both quality and depth in the years to come. 

 

 

MANAGEMENT APPROACH 

 

Our sustainability strategy is developed and directed by the senior management of the 

Company in consultation with the Board of Directors. The management listed various ESG 

factors before choosing, with the concurrence of the Board, those that materially impact our 

business, strategy, business model and key stakeholders to be monitored. 

 

The following sections discuss the material ESG factors identified.  

 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

Energy Conservation 

 

The Group recognises that its business operations may directly or indirectly contribute to 

climate change and global warming and is committed to take measures in conserving energy 

and resources to ensure that its operations have minimal negative environmental impact. 


Sustainability Report – Progen Holdings Ltd  

(for financial year 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017) 

 

 

2 

 

 

Indirect Impact 

 

After the Air-Conditioning and Mechanical Ventilation Systems are handed over to our 

customers, we expect the systems to operate for at least seven years or more. Thus, the 

systems’ impact on the environment stretches over a long period after the sale is made. Other 

than complying with environmental laws and regulations, we strive to introduce and promote 

environmental-friendly solutions to our customers. We assist customers to design, install and 

implement systems that qualify for certification under the Building and Construction 

Authority (BCA) Green Mark Scheme.  

 

Direct Impact 

 

The Group’s headquarter building is designed with green features including energy efficient 

air-conditioning system, energy saving lighting system and water efficient fittings. Office air 

conditioners are set permanently at energy saving temperature of 24 to 26 degree Celsius and 

lights are switched off at sectors/rooms that are not in use.  

 

Within the office, we have implemented two-sided printing and the use of recycled paper 

whenever possible. 

 

For FY2017, there were no violation of laws and regulations in the environmental aspect 

resulting in fines or sanction and we target to maintain this track record. 

 

 

SOCIAL 

 

Talent Retention 

 

Employees are an important asset in our business. Remuneration packages are reviewed 

annually to ensure that compensation and benefits are in line with the market to facilitate 

recruitment and retention of talents. In line with our commitment towards creating a positive 

work environment, we reward our employees based on their capabilities and performance. 

 

For FY2017, the turnover rate for permanent staff was 4%. For FY2018, we target to 

maintain turnover rate of below 10% for permanent staff.  

 

Employment Diversity and Equality 

 

The Group does not discriminate employees based on their race, age, gender religion, 

ethnicity or nationality. The demographics of employees as at 31 December 2017 are as 

follows: 

 


Sustainability Report – Progen Holdings Ltd  

(for financial year 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017) 

 

 

3 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

36% 

32% 

14% 

10% 

8% 

Age 

Less than 30

30 to 39

40 to 49

50 to 59

60 and above

84% 

16% 

Gender 

Male

Female

36% 

64% 

Nationality 

Singaporean and PR

Others


Sustainability Report – Progen Holdings Ltd  

(for financial year 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017) 

 

 

4 

 

 

 

The Company targets to maintain its current employment diversity and equality. 

 

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

 

The Group is committed to providing a healthy and safe working environment by managing 

our health and safety risks through various Occupational Health and Safety (OHS) 

Management programs. The objectives and targets of these programs are to minimise 

accidents at workplace, create safety awareness to all employees to minimise hazardous 

working environment and ensure conformance to regulatory requirements. 

 

Regular reviews are carried out to evaluate adequacy of existing safety standards and 

practices. All employees are periodically briefed on the relevant health and safety measures 

and the practical precautions to be taken. All work-related injury, regardless of its severity, 

are to be recorded and corrective action plans are to be implemented to prevent recurrence.  

 

For FY2017, there were no incident of reportable accident and no penalty or fine imposed by 

the relevant authorities for non-conformance to regulatory requirements and we target to 

maintain this track record.  

 

 

GOVERNANCE 

 

Corporate Governance 

 

The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and places 

importance on its corporate governance processes and systems so as to ensure greater 

transparency, accountability and maximisation of long-term shareholder value. 

 

48% 

24% 

6% 

10% 

12% 

Years of Service 

Less than 5

5 to 9

10 to 14

15 to 19

20 and above


Sustainability Report – Progen Holdings Ltd  

(for financial year 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017) 

 

 

5 

 

Please refer to our Corporate Governance Report on pages 9 to 29 of Annual Report 2017 for 

details of our corporate governance practices. 

 

Business Ethics 

 

The Group does not engage in bribery or any form of financial crime. Employees are 

reminded never to offer, promise or give bribes in connection with our business and must 

never ask for or accept bribes. There have been no reported incidents of bribery nor any form 

of financial crime. We strive to continuously uphold all laws aimed at countering corruption 

and we target to maintain this track record. 

 

Whistle-Blowing Framework 

 

To reinforce a culture of good business ethics and governance, the Group has put in place a 

whistle-blowing framework, endorsed by the Audit &amp; Risk Committee, which provides the 

mechanism where employees of the Group may, in good faith and in confidence, raise 

concerns or observations about possible improprieties in financial reporting or other matters 

directly to members of the Audit &amp; Risk Committee. 

 

For FY2017, there were no incidences of non-compliance with laws and/or regulations 

resulting in penalty or fines imposed by the relevant authorities and we target to maintain this 

track record. 

 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

Our Board considers sustainability issues to be an important part of strategic planning. In the 

preparation of this Sustainability Report, the Board of Directors has reviewed and considered 

the material ESG factors and has overseen the management and monitoring of these material 

ESG factors. We will continue to monitor, review and upgrade our material ESG factors from 

time to time and improve our Sustainability Report whenever practicable in the future in 

order to create long-term value for our stakeholders. 

