


SUSTAINABILITY

REPORT










15 EMPOWERING OUR CUSTOMERS

      15 Consumer Empowerment

 

17 EMPOWERING THE SOCIETY

      17 Compliance with Laws and

           Regulations

      18 Local Communities

02 BOARD STATEMENT

03 ABOUT THIS REPORT

04 ABOUT PROPNEX LIMITED

 

05 SUSTAINABILITY AT PROPNEX

 

06 FY2018 HIGHLIGHTS

 

06 MANAGING SUSTAINABILITY

 

      06 Sustainability Governance Structure

      07 Stakeholder Engagement

      08  Materiality Assessment

 

09 EMPOWERING OUR PEOPLE

      09 Employment

      11   Training And Education

      14  Technological &amp; Digital Innovation

 

C O N T E N T S


BOARD STATEMENT

B O A R D  S TAT E M E N T

Our commitment to service excellence has enabled us to become Singapore’s largest home-grown listed real estate 

agency and will continue to drive our business for years to come.  We take pride in our motto “Service You Trust” and 

together with our Core Values, we steer ourselves ahead of the market in every of our business decisions. 

Sustainability is fundamental to achieving our long-term vision of success. We incorporate considerations for environmental, 

social and governance (ESG) factors into the way we grow our business, cultivate our people and serve our communities. 

We would thrive only if our people are motivated, committed and empowered to continuously improve themselves and 

contribute back to the society.     

With the support of the Sustainability Steering Committee (SSC), composed of our management team, we have identiﬁed 

the ESG factors that are material to our business and our stakeholders. Moving forward, the SSC will continue to assist the 

Board with integrating ESG considerations into our strategic formulation, as well as with the monitoring, managing and 

reporting of our ESG performance.  

We are pleased to share with you our approach to sustainability in PropNex Limited’s inaugural Sustainability Report. We 

invite you to continue to learn about our journey towards becoming a sustainable business.

Board of Directors

PropNex Limited

P R O P N E X  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T

 |  0 2


A B O U T  T H I S  R E P O R T

This report summarises PropNex Limited’s (PropNex) policies, practices, performance and targets for its material ESG 

factors as the Group presents its ﬁrst annual Sustainability Report (the “Report”) from 1 January to 31 December 2018 

(FY2018). The scope of the report encompasses our real estate brokerage business in Singapore, namely PropNex Limited 

and PropNex Realty Pte Ltd.

This report has been prepared in line with the sustainability reporting requirements of the SGX-ST Listing Manual (Rules 

711A and 711B), and with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards. This report references the following GRI 

Standards and topic-speciﬁc Disclosures:

• 

Disclosure 201-1 from GRI 201: Economic Performance 2016

• 

Disclosures 205-3 from GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016

• 

Disclosure 401-1 from GRI 401: Employment 20161

• 

Disclosure 404-1 and 404-2 from GRI 404: Training and Education 20162

• 

Disclosure 413-1 from GRI 413: Local Communities 2016

• 

Disclosure 418-1 from GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016

• 

Disclosure 419-1 from GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 2016

All information is disclosed in good faith and to the best of our knowledge. Your feedback is important to our sustainability 

journey: we look forward to receiving your comments on our sustainability practices and reporting at 

corpcomms@propnex.com.

ABOUT THIS REPORT

1 For Disclosure 401-1, the total number and rate of new employee hires and employee turnover are disclosed in this report, without the breakdown by gender, age 

group and region.

2 For Disclosure 404-1, the total average hours of training per employee is disclosed in this report, without the breakdown by gender and employee category.

P R O P N E X  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  |  0 3








Vision

To become the leader in any market we serve and 

revolutionise this organisation to have the strength 

of a big company combined with the leanness and 

agility of a small ﬁrm 

Mission

To enhance customers' quality of life through 

value-added professional service 

Core Values

Continuous self-improvement 

Autonomy and Entrepreneurship 

Respect and Concern for individuals 

Ethics, Honesty and Integrity in all aspects

of our business 

ABOUT PROPNEX LIMITED

A B O U T  P R O P N E X  L I M I T E D

Established in 2000, PropNex Limited is Singapore's largest listed real estate agency, with leading market share in 

residential primary private market and residential HDB resale market. We also have the largest number of salespersons in 

Singapore, with over 7,565 salespersons as at 25 March 2019. Our vision, mission and values have propelled us to success 

for more than 18 years in the real estate industry.

We are an integrated real estate services group, delivering services in real estate brokerage, project marketing, property 

management for boutique and high-end condominiums, and professional training in real estate agency work. Our core 

business segments are as follows.

Since 2016, we have begun to expand our reach regionally. Our regional footprint can be found in Malaysia, Indonesia and 

Vietnam.











V

I

S

I

O

N

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

M

I

S

S

I

O

N

 

 

C

O

R

E

 

V

A

L

U

E

S



P R O P N E X  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T

 |  0 4


SUSTAINABILITY AT PROPNEX

S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y  AT  P R O P N E X

Our core values, C.A.R.E., is at the heart of everything we do. We believe realising our core values is the key to ensuring the 

sustainability of our business. With our core values as the foundation, our approach to sustainability is deﬁned by three 

pillars: empowering our people, empowering our customers, and empowering the society. 

Continuous Self-improvement 

Autonomy and Entrepreneurship 

Respect and Concern for individuals 

Ethics, Honesty and Integrity

Our people represent our culture, reputation 

and achievement. We provide comprehensive 

beneﬁts, training and development 

programmes, and innovative technological 

solutions to attract and retain the right talents. 

We work to be a positive

inﬂuence for our society and

   future generations by instilling a

        culture of accountability and giving

              back. We uphold the upmost standards

                   for corporate integrity and serve the

 

 

communities we operate in. 

Empowering Our People

Empowering the

Society

 Empowering

 Our

Customers

        We strive to

     enhance our

  customers' quality

 of life and build our 

customer 

relationships by 

sharing our 

knowledge with 

them. 

1

2

3

P R O P N E X  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  |  0 5




F Y  2 0 1 8  H I G H L I G H T S

M A N A G I N G  S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y

FY 2018 HIGHLIGHTS

Contributed 

S$500,000 to CSR 

initiatives 

Zero non-compliant 

incidents with 

relevant laws and 

regulations that 

resulted in signiﬁcant 

ﬁnes or legal actions 

Engaged close to 

7,000 consumers 

through consumer 

initiatives and PropNex 

Privilege Membership 

programme 

Developed new and 

improved features for 

PropNex Virtual 

Ofce 

Achieved annual new 

employee hires rate of 

43.18% for our staf 

Recruited of a total of 

1,174 salespersons, the 

highest growth of 

salespersons in the 

industry in 2018 

Provided an average of 

21 training hours to 

each employee 

Sustainability Governance Structure

We adopt a top-down approach to the management of sustainability issues material to our business and our stakeholders. 

The Board of Directors spearheads our sustainability agenda, including determining the material ESG factors that we focus 

on. The Board is supported by the SSC in the implementation of the sustainability agenda, which consists of the Chief 

Executive Ofcer, Key Executive Ofcer, Financial Controller, Chief Operating Ofcer and the Director of Corporate 

Communications and Marketing. The SSC is responsible for developing sustainability strategy and targets, implementing 

action plans, and monitoring and managing our sustainability performance. The SSC reports to the Board regularly.

P R O P N E X  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T

 |  0 6


Key Stakeholders 

Engagement Methods 

Engagement Frequency

Investors/ Shareholders

• Financial results brieﬁngs

• Annual General Meeting

• Timely updates, announcements and press 

releases on key business decisions and 

developments via SGXNet and corporate 

website

• Quarterly

• Annually

• Throughout the year

Government/ Regulators

• Meetings, discussions and consultations  

• Compliance with reporting requirements

• Throughout the year

• Throughout the year 

Industry peers

• Co-broking transactions

• Cross-agency collaboration

• Throughout the year

• Throughout the year

Local communities/ 

non-governmental 

organisations

• Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) 

initiatives

• Division charity initiatives 

• PropNex Cares Programme

• Sponsor-A-Child Programme

• Throughout the year

• Throughout the year

• Monthly

• Throughout the year

Employees/ Salespersons

• Staf performance appraisals 

• Staf satisfaction survey

• Staf suggestion form

• Training and development programmes for 

staf and salespersons, including orientation 

• Quarterly Conventions

• Team Leaders and Team Managers’ Meetings

• Strategic / Department meetings

• Morning Parades

• Salespersons’ Recognition platforms

• Jumpstart Training

• Annual Dinner and Dance (salespersons &amp; 

staf)

• Team Leaders’ Retreat

• Staf Service Awards

• Staf Outings and Christmas party

• Annually

• Annually

• Throughout the year

• Throughout the year

• Quarterly

• Monthly

• Monthly

• Monthly

• Monthly

• Bi-annually

• Annually

• Annually

• Annually

• Annually

• Customer feedback channel

• Publications

• Consumer empowerment seminars

• Consumer Showﬂat Talks

• PropNex Privilege Membership programme

• Throughout the year

• Throughout the year

• Throughout the year

• Throughout the year

• Throughout the year

Stakeholder Engagement

Our core values C.A.R.E. is ingrained in the way we interact with our key stakeholders. We ensure our communications with 

our stakeholders are regular and transparent so that we could address their concerns with respect. 

MANAGING SUSTAINABILITY

P R O P N E X  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  |  0 7


MANAGING SUSTAINABILITY

Materiality Assessment

To identify and prioritise material ESG factors that are important to our business and key stakeholders, we conducted a 

three-step materiality assessment process that is in line with GRI Standards’ Materiality Principle.

The assessment yielded seven material ESG factors, which have been approved by the Board. We will continue to review 

the list of material ESG factors annually to ensure their relevance.

Material ESG 

Materiality to PropNex  

Corresponding Topic-speciﬁc

Factors 

 

GRI Standards

Economic 

Performance3

As a listed company, driving the growth and economic 

performance of our company is the ﬁrst and foremost 

step to ensuring the sustainability of our business. 

• GRI 201: Economic Performance 

2016

Compliance with 

Laws and 

Regulations

To maintain our stakeholders’ trust in us, we uphold 

high standards of integrity and conduct business in full 

compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.  

• GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016

• GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016

• GRI 419: Socioeconomic 

Compliance 2016

Employment

Our people are the cornerstone to our success. We are 

committed to attracting and retaining dedicated 

individuals that will inspire others.

• GRI 401: Employment 2016

Training and 

Education

Our people’s capabilities to deliver relevant 

information and excellent customer service determine 

our reputation in the market. We carry out training 

programmes to help our people to excel professionally 

and personally.

• GRI 404: Training and 

Education 2016

Technological and 

Digital Innovation

We support our salespersons with technological solutions 

that help enhance their productivity, maintain service 

excellence, and meet evolving client needs.

• Not applicable (non-GRI topic)

Consumer 

Empowerment

Customer trust and loyalty is paramount to our 

business sustainability. We cultivate customer rapports 

by empowering our customers to pursue property 

opportunities that they strive for.

• Not applicable (non-GRI topic)

Local Communities

Serving the communities around us is a core belief 

that contributes to our success. We strive to empower 

both our people and the less fortunate through our 

CSR initiatives.

• GRI 413: Local Communities 

2016

Identify a list of potential material ESG 

factors considering key sustainability 

issues and trends pertinent to the industry 

and as identiﬁed by PropNex's peers 

Prioritise material ESG 

factors based on 

Sustainaiblity Steering 

Committee's evaluation 

Validate material ESG 

factors by the Board 

Identify

Prioritise

Validate 

1

2

3

3 Please refer to the ﬁnancial statements set out in our Annual Report 2018 for more information.

P R O P N E X  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T

 |  0 8


Employment

We believe that the collective sum of our people, including their life experiences, knowledge, creativity and talent 

represents not only our culture, but also our reputation and achievement. We are committed to recruiting, cultivating and 

retaining staf and salespersons that believe in our core values and always work to provide service that our customers trust.

Recruitment

Staf

Our Recruitment &amp; Selection Policy and Diversity Policy guides 

the recruitment of our employees. We embrace and encourage 

our employees’ diferences in age, color, ethnicity, marital status, 

gender, national origin, physical and mental ability, political 

afliation, 

race, 

religion, 

sexual 

orientation 

and 

other 

characteristics that make our employees unique.

At PropNex, we take cultivating a culture of diversity and 

inclusion seriously. Employees who believe they have been 

subjected to any kind of discrimination that conﬂicts with our 

Diversity Policy are encouraged to seek assistance from their 

immediate superior or the Human Resources Department. Any 

employee found to have exhibited any inappropriate conduct or 

behavior against others may be subject to disciplinary action. 

We also have a referral programme in place to encourage our 

staf and salespersons to recommend suitable candidates to 

apply for job openings at PropNex. Upon appointment and 

subsequent conﬁrmation in the position, an S$500 referral fee 

will be awarded to the referral.

Salespersons

For the recruitment of salespersons, we help cultivate salespersons before they even become a PropNexian by providing 

assistance to new real estate salespersons (RES) candidates. Any person interested in becoming a RES is welcomed to 

participate in our Real Estate Exploration/Experiential Programme (REEP), where we train and guide new RES candidates 

during the preparation of the RES exam. Once they pass the RES exam, they will be eligible to participate in our recruitment 

activities. 

All employment conditions, including responsibilities and split of commission are stated in the Associate Agreement that 

our salespersons sign with us. We require our salespersons to review their contract with us at least once every two years to 

ensure that they fully understand their employment conditions. For our Team Leaders, we ask that they sign an additional 

contract when they become Team Leaders to ensure they understand their role and responsibilities.4

E M P O W E R I N G  O U R  P E O P L E

We work to help our people to establish a fulﬁlling career by ofering them the care, resources and tools they need to 

continuously improve themselves, exercise entrepreneurship and achieve autonomy. 

EMPOWERING OUR PEOPLE

4 Please see “Training and Education” Section for more information on Team Leaders at PropNex.

P R O P N E X  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  |  0 9














Beneﬁts

Staf

We provide a suite of beneﬁts to ensure that our staf is well taken care of, including:

• 

Festive advance for salaries and festive leave for staf’s choice of festive period

• 

Birthday vouchers

• 

Discounted medical consultation and health screenings for staf and their family through Make Health Connect 

Corporate Programme

• 

Discounted premium rates on group term life and personal accident insurance

• 

Discounts and promotion schemes for telecommunication services

Salespersons

We also ofer various beneﬁts to our salespersons, including:

• 

Discounted premium rates on group term life and personal accident insurance

• 

10-year pension scheme programme for performing Team Leaders

• 

Legacy Planning Programme for Team Leaders to receive passive income after retirement

• 

Spouse protection scheme for deceased Team Leaders

• 

Discounted medical consultation fees for our salespersons and dependents at over 500 participating clinics

• 

PX MediCare app developed exclusively for PropNexians to access medical services with ease

• 

Professional indemnity insurance that includes individual coverage

• 

Discounts and promotion schemes for telecommunication services

• 

Special advertising rates in the classiﬁed sections of local publications

Recognition

We believe one of the key ways of engaging 

our staf and salespersons is to recognise 

their contribution and achievements. We 

have put in place the below schemes to 

showcase our gratitude towards staf and 

salespersons who exhibit excellence and 

dedication. 

EMPOWERING OUR PEOPLE

• Staf who has served the Company for at least 4.5 

years is awarded the Good Service Award trophy 

and a crossed cheque of $500.

• Staf who has served the Company for at least 9.5 

years is awared the Long Service Award trophy and 

a gift item valued at $1,000. 

Service awards for staf

• Salespersons who has a proven track record of the 

below are selected as PropNex Ambassadors:

• Been with PropNex for 5, 10 or 15 years

• Established a niche for themselves in the real

estate inudstry

• Contributed to business continuity and client

engagement

• Actively participated in PropNex's CSR initiatives 

• PropNex Ambassadors are recognised and 

presented with their charity plaques at our quarterly 

mega conventions. 

PropNex Ambassadors for Salespersons 

P R O P N E X  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T

 |  1 0




10-year PropNex Ambassador: Mr. James Gan

James, currently our Advisory Associate Branch District Director, 

rose through the ranks when he joined PropNex. He was in the 

Singapore Police Force for 10 years before he decided to become a 

Real Estate Salesperson. He saw a lot of opportunities in the real 

estate industry and he liked the idea of being an entrepreneur and 

being “answerable to himself”. He chose to join PropNex in May 

2008, as he felt that the agency is more systematic and he believes 

that the company will help him to grow much more. 

James has successfully excelled in his personal sales and converted 

his success to team management. He emerged as one of our Top 

Senior Associate District Directors in PropNex for being able to 

successfully groom more downlines and manage a team of 312. 

He was awarded as a 10-year PropNex Ambassador in August 2018 

for his exemplary conduct with numerous commendations from 

clients, loyalty with PropNex, being an iconic leader in our cohort of 

Team Leaders, and enthusiastic participation in charity causes. 

Training And Education

One of PropNex’s core values is continuous self-improvement. We view training and education for our employees 

and salespersons as critical for the sustainability of our business. We provide customised and comprehensive 

training programmes to enable our people to achieve their potential, both personally and professionally.

EMPOWERING OUR PEOPLE

P R O P N E X  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  |  1 1

Performance in 20185,6,7 

2019 Target

Number of new employee hires 

Annual rate of new employee hires

Monthly average rate of new employee hires

Number of employee turnover

Annual rate of employee turnover

Monthly average rate of employee turnover

Number of salespersons recruited

38

43.18%

3.84%

19

21.60%

1.92%

1,174

Continue to provide beneﬁts, 

recognition and incentives to attract 

and retain employees and 

salespersons

5 Computation of new employee hires rate and employee turnover rate include full-time permanent staf only. 

6 Annual rate of new employee hires/employee turnover = total number of employee hired/resigned ÷ total number of employees as of 31 December 2018

7 Monthly average rate of new employee hires/employee turnover = sum of every month’s new employee hires/employee turnover rate during 2018 ÷ 12

“When I made it as a top 

producer, I was elated.

But when my associates are 

recognised for their 

outstanding performance,

I am even happier. It was 

never really about me.

My success belongs to my 

salespersons. It is when I 

help them to achieve 

breakthrough results,

that I feel successful.”

“

Mr. James Gan

10-year PropNex Ambassador






















P R O P N E X  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T

 |  1 2

Staf

We provide a variety of training programmes for our staf to ensure that they are equipped with the right skills to achieve 

personal and professional growth. We discuss with our employees about their career path, monitor their training progress, 

and identify their training needs during the annual performance review. The Human Resources Department would then 

consolidate training needs for discussion and coordinate relevant trainings. 

Orientation Programme

Introduction on PropNex's core values, organisational structure, welfare and beneﬁts, Code of 

Conduct, Staf Handbook and internal systems and platforms.

Built to Last Programme

A 6-session customised training programme personally facilitated by our CEO to align our 

staf towards PropNex's values and to equip our staf to practice continual innovation. 

Customer Service Training Programme

This programme is ofered annually to ensure that our staf are trained adequately to provide 

excellent service, including management of challenging internal and external customers. 

Supervisory Training Programme

Head of Department / Supervisors are trained on efective communication, coaching, 

supervisory and delegation skills to enable them to be an efective supervisor.

Property-related Training

Staf is required to complete property-related training based on their job scope, such as 

property laws and HDB ruling through the Life Mastery Academy.

Personal Enrichment Programme

This is a series of personal development programmes to realise an individual’s natural potential to 

bring fulﬁllment to career, family, and life. Human Resources Department identiﬁes key management 

and supervisory staf to attend trainings annually.

EMPOWERING OUR PEOPLE






























Salespersons

We have developed a comprehensive world-class training roadmap for our salespersons that provides a clear path of 

professional progression, which could be customised based on each salesperson’s needs, level of experience and career 

aspirations. Our impressive training roadmap focuses on providing trainings in the following three main aspects: market 

segment and specialised skills, policies and regulations, and mindset training. Advanced training programmes are also available 

to experienced salespersons or those who have chosen to become a Team Leader through the Dual Career Path Scheme.

Through our Virtual Ofce platform and mobile phone application, our salespersons are able to sign up for training courses, track 

their training progress and make sure that they have completed all compulsory trainings, including those required by PropNex 

and continuing professional development (CPD) credits mandated by Council of Estate Agencies’ (CEA) regulatory framework. 

P R O P N E X  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  |  1 3

EMPOWERING OUR PEOPLE

Introductory Training 

(Compulsory)

• Orientation programme

• Professional Start-up 

Programme (Basic or Advanced)

Market Segment and 

Specialised Skills Training

• Courses on project presentation, 

closing techniques, digital 

prospecting and more  

• Quarterly updates on market 

outlook, including development in 

speciﬁc regions and of speciﬁc 

projects 

Mindset Training

• Salespersons' Bootcamp

• Leadership Bootcamp

Continuous Training

• Bite-size talks to provide 

updates, such as Winning 

Wednesdays, Fantastic Fridays

• Monthly legal workshops

Dual Career Path Scheme

• Salespersons who have 

completed speciﬁc training 

courses and achieved certain 

commision targets may be elected 

to become a Team Manager, and 

subsequently may be promoted to 

Team Leader. Team Managers and 

Leaders are responsible for 

recruiting, supervising and 

mentoring salespersons.

Asset Progression 

Consultant Training

• Trainings provided to experienced 

salespersons who are interested in 

advanced concepts such as asset 

progression and wealth 

management

Team Build Training

• Trainings provided to Team 

Leaders to help them better 

build and lead their teams


P R O P N E X  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T

 |  1 4

EMPOWERING OUR PEOPLE

Technological &amp; Digital Innovation

Property technology has disrupted and increasingly transformed how business is conducted in the real estate market. One 

of our key strategies is thus to empower our people through enhancing our technological capabilities. We are committed to 

help improve our salespersons’ productivity by providing the right technological support. 

Our Information Technology (IT) Working Committee has developed the PropNex IT Roadmap to guide our future 

investments in technological and digital innovation. Through brainstorming with our salespersons, we come to understand 

their needs and identify their pain points, which are then translated into modules in our Roadmap that we will focus on. We 

continuously enquire and evaluate our IT needs internally and adjust our IT Roadmap accordingly throughout the year.

Overall, we aim to achieve the following objectives through the implementation of our IT Roadmap:

• 

Digitise manual procedures and processes

• 

Reduce redundancies amongst procedures and processes

• 

Facilitate collaboration and sharing of resources amongst salespersons 

• 

Enable consumers to access relevant property information more easily

As of 2018, we have developed several technological solutions that aim to assist our salespersons, as summarised below. 

Performance in 2018 

 

2019 Target

Average training hours completed per staf 

21

Continue to review training roadmaps and provide 

comprehensive training programmes for our staf and 

salespersons 

Performance in 2018 

 

2019 Target

Technologies developed and available to our 

salespersons, as described above

Continue to enhance technological support to our 

salespersons to raise productivity and maintain 

service excellence




Consumer Empowerment

As Singapore’s largest listed home-grown real estate agency, we pride ourselves on being in the best position to give 

consumers with detailed insights to property investment. We champion the empowering of homebuyers and investors since 

2013 by imparting updates on the latest property trends, outlook of the real estate market, and knowledge and strategies 

to navigate the changing real estate landscape.

We develop our consumer empowerment roadmap annually to plan out consumer empowerment initiatives to be 

implemented for the year, including topics of focus and channels and mediums through which to engage consumers. We 

monitor and review the results of our consumer empowerment initiatives to help us better plan our roadmap for the 

forthcoming year. 

We actively engage and empower consumers, as well as prospective and existing customers through the below channels. 

E M P O W E R I N G  O U R  C U S T O M E R S

Our mission is to enhance customers’ quality of life through value-added professional service. We understand that property 

purchases are big and important decisions, and we are committed to sharing our knowledge with our customers and 

consumers at large to help them make the right choices.   

EMPOWERING OUR CUSTOMERS

P R O P N E X  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  |  1 5




























Keynote speakers from 

our management team, 

including our Executive 

Chairman and CEO Mr. 

Ismail Gafoor and 

Executive Director Mr. 

Kelvin Fong, share 

valuable tips, insights 

to market sentiments, 

risks and investment 

opportunities in current 

property market, and 

knowledge on speciﬁc 

property segments 

such as HDB and Core 

Central Regions with 

consumers.

We have published 

Property Insights 

Guides for North, 

North-East, West and 

Central Region of 

Singapore. The Guides 

contain current market 

overview, latest prices 

and outlook of diferent 

property types, Urban 

Redevelopment 

Authority's Masterplan 

and valuable real 

estate investment tips 

to help consumers 

make better informed 

decisions.  

We hold sharing 

sessions at showﬂats of 

new projects to share 

with consumers about 

the unique selling 

points of a particular 

project. These seminars 

are conducted by 

PropNex Management 

and the Project 

Leaders.

We provide insights 

and updates from our 

property experts and 

analysts to our 

members on property 

related news, policies 

and market outlook.

Consumer 

Empowerment 

Seminars

PropNex Privilege 

Membership 

Programme 

Consumer Guides

Consumer 

Showﬂat Talks

Performance in 2018 

 

2019 Target

Number of Consumer Empowerment 

Seminars held

9

30

Continue to hold Consumer Empowerment Seminars 

at least quarterly 

Number of Consumer Showﬂat Talks held

Continue to hold Consumer Empowerment Showﬂat 

Talks at least monthly 

We actively engage and empower consumers, as well as prospective and existing customers through the below channels. 

EMPOWERING OUR CUSTOMERS

P R O P N E X  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T

 |  1 6


E M P O W E R I N G  T H E  S O C I E T Y

EMPOWERING THE SOCIETY

P R O P N E X  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  |  1 7

We believe the key to being a positive inﬂuence for our society and future generations is to act on core values integral to 

our corporate DNA: integrity and respect and concern for others. We ensure that the way we conduct our business and 

serves as a role model for others, and we champion making a diference by reaching out and helping less privileged 

communities. 

Compliance With Laws and Regulations

We uphold ethics, honesty and integrity in all aspects of our business. We do not tolerate any acts of fraud and corruption, 

and abide to all laws and regulations relevant to our business. Our employees and salespersons must abide to the Code of 

Conduct, Staf Handbook, Associate Agreements and various corporate policies, such as the Conﬂict of Interest Policy, and 

conduct themselves in a professional and ethical manner. For our salespersons, we implement the Annual CEA License 

Renewal Exercise Policy to check and verify their license to practice annually.  

All departments have also put in place policies and processes to ensure that our operations comply with applicable laws 

and regulations. Our Compliance Department is responsible for monitoring our performance on regulatory compliance. 

Internal audits are conducted annually to evaluate the efectiveness of compliance controls in place. We have also put in 

place a whistleblowing policy for our employees and salespersons to have proper channels to raise their concerns about 

possible improprieties and misconduct.

Additionally, we regularly provide relevant brieﬁngs and trainings to update our staf and salespersons on changes in laws 

and regulations. For instance, we inform staf and salespersons via compulsory monthly Morning Parade brieﬁngs, circulars, 

e-mail broadcasts, and company announcements in Virtual Ofce. 

Performance in 2018 

 

2019 Target

Number of non-compliant incidents with 

relevant laws and regulations that resulted in 

signiﬁcant ﬁnes or legal actions

0

0

Maintain zero non-compliant incidents with relevant 

laws and regulations that resulted in signiﬁcant ﬁnes 

or legal actions

Number of substantiated complaints 

concerning breaches of customer privacy 

and losses of customer data

Number of conﬁrmed incidents of corruption 

Maintain zero substantiated complaints concerning 

breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer 

data

0

Maintain zero conﬁrmed incidents of corruption






Local Communities

Since 2000, we have been involved in various charity events and championed numerous meaningful causes. Our CSR 

Philosophy, “Empowering Future Generations through Education”, has guided our CSR initiatives over the years. We review 

current initiatives and plan for future CSR direction and initiatives during our Strategic meetings, which are led by our 

management team. 

At PropNex, we are ﬁrm believers of contributing back to the communities around us both at the company and individual 

levels. We believe that we can only truly help our communities when the culture of contributing is instilled in each and every 

one of our employees and salespersons. We have thus established the below programmes and mechanisms to enable our 

employees and salespersons to easily be involved with and contribute to our CSR initiatives. 

PropNex has adopted Community Chest as its main charity beneﬁciary since 2013. Through Community Chest’s work, we 

are able to support an umbrella of social service programmes that assist over 300,000 people in need in Singapore. 

Additionally, we have also put an emphasis on adopting schools and centres that cater to children with special needs and 

disabilities as beneﬁciaries to further align our contribution with our CSR philosophy.

EMPOWERING THE SOCIETY

P R O P N E X  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T

 |  1 8













• Monthly deduction of 

commission or salaries from 

salespersons or staf who opted 

in to the programme.  

Salespersons and staf donate in 

denominations of S$500 or 

S$3,000.

• Pairinig contributing staf and 

salespersons with a child they 

sponsor to spend time and enjoy 

a day of outing together.

• Diferent teams within PropNex 

take the lead and regularly 

organise charity initiatives 

among themselves.





SHARE Programme

Division Charity Initiatives

Sponsor-A-Child Programme


Continuing our annual contribution of S$500,000 since 2015, we contributed a total of S$522,822 to Community Chest in 

2018 through our monthly giving SHARE programme and company’s contribution, exceeding our annual target of 

S$500,000. The funds raised will help to improve facilities and programmes provided at our adopted beneﬁciaries, namely 

Rainbow Centre – Margaret Drive School and Rainbow Centre – Yishun Park School, which work with children with multiple 

disabilities.

In addition to monetary contribution, we also took 40 children from Community Chest Day Care Centre out for a Festive 

Bake Out at Pastamania on 5 December 2018 through the Sponsor-A-Child programme.

We were recognised for our work with Community Chest and received the Community Chest Platinum Award in 2018. 

In addition to monetary contribution, we also took 40 children from Community Chest Day Care Centre out for a Festive 

Bake Out at Pastamania on 5 December 2018 through the Sponsor-A-Child programme.

Performance in 2018 

 

2019 Target

Monetary contribution to local 

community initiatives

S$522,822, exceeding 

the target of  S$500,000

Contribute at least a total of S$500,000 to 

local community initiatives and an 

accumulative amount of S$2.3 million by 2023

























EMPOWERING THE SOCIETY

P R O P N E X  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  |  1 9




Sustainability is fundamental to achieving our long-term 

vision of success. We incorporate considerations for 

environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors 

into the way we grow our business, cultivate our people 

and serve our communities. We would thrive only if our 

people are motivated, committed and empowered to 

continuously improve themselves and contribute back to 

the society.     


4 8 0   L o r o n g  6  T o a  P a y o h

# 1 0 - 0 1  H D B  H u b

S i n g a p o r e  3 1 0 4 8 0

h t t p s : / / w w w . p r o p n e x . c o m /

S I N G A P O R E  

•  

I N D O N E S I A  

•  

M A L A Y S I A  

•  

V I E T N A M

