
Environmental,  

social and governance 

report 2017

Prudential plc













HK Stock Code: 2378








Page

ForewordbyMikeWells,GroupChiefExecutive

1

Highlights

2

Prudential–Creatingsharedvalue

4

Aboutthisreport

6

Howweengagewithourstakeholders

7

Businessintegrity

8

Meetingcustomers’needs

11

Responsibleinvestment

14

Environmentalperformance

18

Oursupplychain

22

Technology

25

Valuingourpeople

28

Supportingourcommunities

32

Contents


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,socialandgovernancereport2017 Prudentialplc

1



Mike Wells 

Group Chief Executive



Prudential exists to help our customers remove the uncertainty from some of the 

biggest events in their lives. Through our products and services across four 

continents, we provide customers with the freedom to face the future with greater 

confidence, and at the same time we channel their savings into investments that 

boost the cycle of growth and strengthen communities.

We treat all our stakeholders with the same sense of responsibility that we apply 

to our customers. Our stakeholders include investors, employees, suppliers, 

governments and regulators, and we approach them all openly, transparently and 

with a strong sense of commitment.

This is our second annual report summarising our environmental, social and 

governance performance. This year we have added extra material both in response 

to new disclosure requirements and due to our determination to be as clear and open 

about our activities as we can. We have also included a summary of some of the 

highlights, to give readers a snapshot of the depth and breadth of our performance, 

such as improvements in our technological platforms to give customers better access 

to our products, the broadening of our offering of ESG-related funds and the continuing 

development of our community investment programmes around the world. 

Since our foundation in 1848, this business has succeeded by evolving, and we are 

continuing to evolve today. Our announcement in March 2018 that we will be 

demerging M&amp;G Prudential from the Group is another step in that evolution, showing 

how we are prepared to change to meet the opportunities we face. 

This report demonstrates how, across the many different areas in which we work, 

Prudential is a strong, sustainable business that has a positive impact. I hope you 

find it informative.

Foreword




Prudential plc Environmental, social and governance report 2017 

www.prudential.co.uk

2







Highlights

Greenhousegasemissionsdecreased 

across our occupied estate – page 19

Totalwasterecyclingrateincreased 

– page 20

Cha-Ching,the world’s only global  

financial education programme for 

primary school-aged children, is now on 

all four continents where we operate  

– page 34

Now in its fifth year, PrudentialRideLondon

has raised more than £50 million for 

charity – page 34

Over 30 per cent of our workforce 

volunteered for community projects 

through our flagship Chairman’s

Challenge– page 36









Prudential named 

one of Britain’s most 

admired companies 

in Management 

Today awards  

– page 10



Applicationtimes for customers in China 

sharply reduced by straight-through 

processing using mobile platforms  

– page 26

Newwebsitelaunched to make financial 

products clearer and more transparent for 

US consumers – page 12

M&amp;G Prudential rolls out MyM&amp;G, a lower-

cost direct-to-consumer platform for UK 

customers – page 12

Two five-starratings for our UK life 

business at the Financial Adviser Service 

Awards – page 13

New ‘neverlapse’feature for customers in 

Africa, ensuring that missing payments 

will not lose them benefits – page 12


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,socialandgovernancereport2017 Prudentialplc

3







Eastspring signs an agreement with the 

International Finance Corporation to raise 

$500 million towards infrastructure

projectsinemergingmarkets – page 16

Eastspring becomes a signatory to the  

UN’sPrinciplesforResponsible

Investment – page 17

M&amp;G Prudential launches two new  

funds focused on environmentaland

socialimpact – page 16

Our whistleblowing programme 

upgraded and enhanced – page 10

Highly commended for the clarity and 

succinctness of our taxreporting– page 9

Diversityandinclusion is a strategic 

objective, and we are investing in targeted 

activity in 10 priority areas – page 29

Our UK &amp; Europe investment business 

ranked numberoneassetmanagerto 

work in by two separate surveys – page 31








Prudential plc Environmental, social and governance report 2017 

www.prudential.co.uk

4





Prudential – Creating shared value

Prudential helps to remove uncertainty from life’s big events. Whether it’s 

starting a family, saving for a child’s education or planning for old age, we 

provide our customers with financial peace of mind, enabling them to face the 

future with greater confidence. With £669 billion of assets under management, 

we actively invest our customers’ money in the real economy, helping to build 

stronger communities and drive the cycle of growth, and at the same time 

we deliver sustainable and growing returns for our investors. We create 

long-term value for customers, investors, employees and the 

communities in which we operate.

We now have operations in five African countries. 

Today people in Ghana, Kenya, Uganda, Zambia and 

Nigeria can meet their changing needs through access 

to our products, enjoying the value we create for customers 

and for communities. 

In the US, 10,000 people will be retiring every day for the 

next 20 years. The solutions offered by our US operation, 

Jackson, are designed to help this cohort of Americans 

avoid running out of money and provide them with a 

reliable cushion against volatile markets. Jackson’s pursuit 

of excellence in product innovation and distinctive 

distribution capabilities have helped it forge a solid 

reputation for meeting the needs of customers.

United States

Africa

Meeting customers’ needs on 

four continents

Our strategy is aligned to strong, structural 

trends: the savings and protection needs of 

the growing middle class in Asia; the 

retirement income needs of America’s 

75 million baby boomers, and the growing 

demand for managed savings solutions 

among the ageing population of the UK 

and Europe. Since 2014, we have also been 

developing in new markets in Africa, 

serving a growing, under-protected 

population who have limited access to 

financial services.


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,socialandgovernancereport2017 Prudentialplc

5





In Asia, much of the fast-growing middle class is both 

under-saved and unprotected. The gap between the 

insurance cover that people have in place and what they need 

in order to maintain the living standards of their families has 

been estimated at £35 trillion. We help to bridge that gap 

across 14 markets with a product portfolio centred on regular 

savings and protection, as well as multi-channel distribution 

and award-winning customer service.

Eastspring, our Asian asset management business, manages 

more than £139 billion in assets, providing investment 

solutions across a broad range of classes, and invests those 

assets in the real economy to help drive growth.

In the UK and Europe, there is a growing demand from 

customers for managed solutions – savings products that 

provide better long-term returns than cash, while smoothing 

out the ups and downs of the market. We meet that need 

through our unique PruFund propositions and our 

comprehensive range of actively managed funds. In 2017 we 

combined our asset manager, M&amp;G, and Prudential UK &amp; 

Europe to form M&amp;G Prudential, a leading savings and 

investments business ideally positioned to target this growing 

customer demand for comprehensive financial solutions. In 

March 2018 we announced our intention to demerge M&amp;G 

Prudential from the Group, resulting in two separately listed 

companies with distinct investment prospects.

United Kingdom and Europe

Asia


Prudential plc Environmental, social and governance report 2017 

www.prudential.co.uk

6

This report provides a summary of 

Prudential plc’s environmental, social and 

governance (ESG) performance.

The content of the report meets the ESG 

‘comply or explain’ requirements under the  

Rules Governing Listing of Securities on the 

Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited 

(Hong Kong Listing Rules). This includes 

new requirements for 2017 to upgrade 

environmental key performance indicators 

from ‘recommended’ to ‘comply or explain’, 

which can be found in the Environment 

section on page 18.

Much of the material contained in this 

report can also be found in our regular 

financial, corporate responsibility, tax 

strategy and other reporting. We have 

chosen to include all of this and other ESG 

material in this report to offer interested 

readers a single, easily accessible source 

for all such material. 

This is the second annual ESG report we 

have produced. We have strengthened our 

reporting this year by streamlining the data 

collection and editorial process to ensure 

that we are gathering the right data and 

presenting it in the most accessible format. 

We are committed to continuing to improve 

our ESG reporting every year.

Scope of the report

The information in this report covers 

Prudential’s activities both at Group level 

and within our various operations around 

the world for the 2017 calendar year, and 

excludes our joint venture partnerships.

Our approach to ESG

Prudential’s purpose is to help people 

de-risk their lives and deal with their 

biggest financial concerns. We use our 

capabilities, footprint and scale to meet the 

long-term savings and protection needs of 

customers in all our markets, creating value 

for both our customers and our 

shareholders.

Our relationships with our customers are 

long-term, so it is vital that our strategy and 

its execution ensure that we are a 

sustainable business. Our success in 

delivering for our customers and 

shareholders depends on effective 

engagement with all our stakeholders.

Managing a sustainable business means 

managing a wide range of ESG issues. 

Every one of these areas is integral to our 

performance and sustainability and we 

approach them accordingly.

ESG governance and prioritisation

The ESG landscape is evolving rapidly and 

we position ourselves to adapt proactively 

in order to remain a sustainable business. 

Oversight of ESG is provided at Group 

Executive Committee level by the Group’s 

ESG sponsor, Jonathan Oliver, Group 

Communications Director. Group-wide 

ESG standards are established through the 

Group Governance Manual, which sets out 

the policies and procedures by which the 

Group operates. For further information on 

our Group-wide policies relating to our 

material ESG issues, refer to the Corporate 

Responsibility Review pages of our 2017 

Annual Report and Accounts. 

We strive to demonstrate the sustainability 

of our business as transparently as possible 

through our ESG reporting. The 

preparation of this report was overseen by 

the Group Audit Committee and the Board 

of Prudential plc. The report is based on 

the findings of a cross-functional working 

group, through which we undertook a 

Group-wide review to identify the ESG 

issues that are most material for Prudential. 

This included identifying ESG trends, risks 

and opportunities directly applicable to 

Prudential and wider ESG issues reported 

on by our peers. We performed a 

materiality determination exercise to 

identify any new ESG risks that had 

emerged. We determined the relevance 

and significance of each ESG issue to 

Prudential and our stakeholders, and 

prioritised these issues according to the 

greatest impact on the sustainability of our 

business. The most significant issues have 

been included in this report.

We continually monitor the changing 

environment in which we operate to ensure 

that those ESG issues that are important to 

our stakeholders are captured and 

managed. We endeavour to manage all our 

stakeholders’ expectations in a transparent 

and fair manner, and our comprehensive 

identification processes allow us to 

respond to our material ESG issues in a 

considered and managed way.

Content of the report

Our key ESG issues fall into the following 

areas: business integrity, customers, 

environment, responsible investment, 

suppliers, technology, people and 

communities, and our material is presented 

in these categories within the report. The 

order of presentation is not intended to 

reflect any particular priority. 

Ten of our material ESG issues correspond 

to reporting ‘Aspects’ in the ESG Reporting 

Guide under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. 

Given the nature of our business, only one 

‘Aspect’, Health and Safety, was identified 

as not being as material to the Group as 

other ESG issues and has only been briefly 

covered on page 31 of the report. No 

significant areas of non-compliance in 

relation to relevant laws and regulations 

relating to the Hong Kong Listing Rules 

ESG reporting ‘Aspects’ were noted.

About this report


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,socialandgovernancereport2017 Prudentialplc

7



Stakeholder group

How does Prudential engage  

with these stakeholders?

Areas of interest raised  

by these stakeholders in 2017

Customers

Contact centres, online servicing, 

face-to-face advice, annual statements, 

surveys.

Retirement income choices, service delivery 

(including service delays), UK pensions 

freedom reform, climate-related disclosures.

Investors

Half and full-year results, Annual Report, 

Annual General Meeting, investor 

briefings, ESG Report.

Integration of ESG within Group strategy and 

governance, customer satisfaction, product 

suitability, diversity, training, retention, 

remuneration, succession, cyber-security, 

responsible investment, financial strength, 

risk management, climate change issues.

Employees

(including contractors, potential 

recruits, agents and trade unions)

Surveys, town hall meetings, away days, 

team meetings, appraisals, intranets, 

training programmes.

Diversity and inclusion, gender pay, employee 

relations, training and development, succession 

planning. 

Governments 

(including central banks, stock 

exchanges and global policy bodies)

Meetings, input to policy papers, 

sector-wide analysis, partnering, 

speaking at public and private events, 

data input, Tax Strategy Report.

Responsible business, role in financial stability, 

customer fairness and engagement, sector 

regulation, responsible investment, tax 

transparency, green financing, infrastructure 

investment.

Regulators

Senior management meetings, 

discussions on key policy proposals, 

annual meeting of the Regulatory College 

of Supervisors, continuous working-level 

engagement.

Governance, conduct risk, cyber security, 

customer protection, Solvency II, G-SII and 

international capital standards.

Civil society

Meetings, data sharing, sector 

benchmarks.

Inclusion, education, disaster relief, climate 

change support and funding.

Media

Media releases, meetings and calls, 

monitoring of media output.

Financial performance, business strength, 

leadership, remuneration, low-carbon 

economy.

Suppliers

Assessments, contract negotiations, 

review meetings.

Data protection, anti-bribery and corruption, 

environment (waste management), human 

rights, Modern Slavery Act.

At Prudential we recognise that our 

stakeholders are key to our long-term 

success. We seek to proactively engage 

with them, to understand their views and to 

take these views into account when we 

make strategic decisions. 

Our stakeholders range from private 

individual customers to institutional 

investors, employees, charitable 

organisations and national regulators. As 

such, our channels of engagement vary 

depending on the stakeholder – some are 

formal and others more informal. Most of 

our stakeholder engagement is conducted 

by our local businesses, although Group 

Head Office leads on engagement for 

others, such as with our investors. 

Below is a summary of our global and local 

stakeholders, how we engage with them 

and the areas of interest for each group 

in 2017.

How we engage with our stakeholders

Engagement with our stakeholders is key in helping us to identify  

and manage our ESG issues and ensure the success of our business.  

The feedback we receive from our stakeholders helps us to design and 

improve the processes and policies with which we govern ourselves.








Prudential plc Environmental, social and governance report 2017 

www.prudential.co.uk

8

Business integrity 

Responsible and ethical behaviour is a business 

imperative and is integral to our operations across  

all our markets. We believe that the way in which we 

conduct ourselves on a daily basis is key to building 

trust, maintaining our reputation and positive 

relationships with our stakeholders and ultimately 

in achieving long-term business success


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,socialandgovernancereport2017 Prudentialplc

9

We have embedded a framework 

throughout our operations to ensure that 

we are able to manage existing and 

emerging risks in the area of business 

integrity, including upholding the highest 

standards of professional conduct, 

maintaining our financial strength, 

conducting our tax practices responsibly 

and fighting financial crime. 

Standards of conduct 

We have a governance framework built on 

our Group Code of Business Conduct and 

our Group Governance Manual, which set 

out our guiding principles and outline what 

we expect of each of our employees and 

what our customers and communities 

expect of us – the highest possible 

standards of professional and ethical 

conduct. This framework is reinforced by a 

range of policies across all our operations 

and markets, which are regularly reviewed 

and updated to help ensure we act in a 

responsible manner in everything we do. 

Financial strength 

We contribute to financial stability and 

sustainability in all of the markets in which 

we operate. The disciplined execution of 

our strategy, underpinned by the cash-

generating nature of our business and 

our maintenance of appropriate capital, 

positions us well to be able to continue 

to deliver high-quality products and 

services to our customers and long-term 

profitable growth to our shareholders, 

adding strength and stability to the 

financial system. For detail on our 

financial performance last year, see 

our 2017 Annual Report. 

We work in partnership with policymakers 

and regulators. In 2017 we remained 

actively engaged in global regulatory policy 

debates with standard-setters such as the 

Financial Stability Board (FSB), the 

International Association of Insurance 

Supervisors and the International 

Organization of Securities Commissions, 

as well as with industry trade bodies, 

on the soundness of the international 

financial system and the conduct of 

business regulation. 

To underpin insurance penetration rates, 

protection and savings, we support the 

process of deepening capital markets, 

building robust regulatory and legal 

frameworks and enhancing financial 

literacy in the markets in which we operate, 

which in turn supports economic growth 

and stability.

Prudential has been designated as a Global 

Systemically Important Insurer (G-SII). 

Although the FSB did not publish a new list 

of G-SIIs in 2017, the policy measures set 

out in the FSB’s 2016 communication on 

G-SIIs continue to apply to Prudential. This 

status reflects our size, market importance 

and global interconnectedness as an 

insurance provider, in that our financial 

stability is considered important to the 

global financial system and economy. As a 

result, we are subject to additional 

regulatory requirements, including 

enhanced Group-wide supervision, 

effective resolution planning and 

development of a Systemic Risk 

Management Plan, a Recovery Plan and a 

Liquidity Risk Management Plan. We are 

monitoring the development and potential 

impact of the policy measures and are 

continuing to engage with regulators on the 

implications of these measures.

Responsible tax practices 

The responsible and sustainable 

management of our tax affairs helps us to 

maintain constructive relations with our 

stakeholders and play a positive role in the 

economy. We take a long-term perspective 

and balance our responsibility to support 

our business strategy with our responsibility 

to the communities in which we operate, 

which need sustainable tax revenues. 

We understand the importance of paying 

the right amount of tax on time. We 

manage our tax affairs transparently and 

seek to build constructive relationships 

with tax authorities in all the countries in 

which we operate. Our tax policy outlines 

our processes to identify, measure, control 

and report on risk across four categories: 

technical judgements, operations, 

regulations and reputation. 

During 2017 the tax transparency agenda 

continued to receive attention and the 

debate over whether public country-by-

country reporting should be mandatory 

continues. For the first time in the UK, 

groups with significant UK operations 

have been required to publish details of 

their tax strategies, outlining how tax 

risks are managed, their attitude to tax 

planning and their approach to working 

with tax authorities. 

We have been publishing our total tax 

contribution since 2012 and have 

continually tried to improve the level of 

transparency relating to our tax affairs. In 

May 2017 we published our tax strategy, 

which focuses on:

 

— Acting responsibly and taking an 

objective view in all of our tax matters;

 

— Managing tax in line with our Group 

governance and risk management 

procedures; and 

 

— Ensuring transparency and engagement 

with all our stakeholders. 

In addition to complying with the 

mandatory requirements under the UK 

2016 Finance Act, our strategy included a 

number of additional disclosures, including 

a breakdown by country of revenues, 

profits and taxes for all countries where 

more than £5 million tax was paid. This 

disclosure was included to demonstrate that 

our tax footprint (ie where we pay taxes) is 

consistent with our business footprint. 

Our Tax Strategy Report was highly 

commended in the 2017 Building Public 

Trust in Corporate Reporting Awards, run 

by PwC. We were praised in the category 

for tax reporting in the FTSE 350, with the 

independent judges saying they were 

impressed with the level of detail our report 

provided on our approach to managing our 

tax affairs and the helpful Q&amp;A section 

explaining key terms and phrases. They 

also singled out the clear reconciliation 

and breakdown of cash tax paid versus 

the effective tax rate – describing this as 

“excellent” – supported by an easily 

understood diagram, and commented 

on the succinctness of our tax reporting, 

which they said made it more accessible 

to the non-expert reader. 

In 2017, the Group’s global tax contribution 

was £2,903 million. This significant 

contribution plays an important part in 

helping the communities in which we 

operate provide valuable public services 

and build infrastructure for the benefit of 

the wider community and the economy. 


Prudential plc Environmental, social and governance report 2017 

www.prudential.co.uk

10

Business integrity 

We are continuing to monitor developments 

in the tax transparency agenda and look to 

further develop the disclosure of 

meaningful tax information to help our 

various stakeholders’ understanding of our 

tax footprint.

More information on our tax strategy, 

including details of how much tax we pay, 

how we manage our tax affairs and the 

governance and management of tax risk can 

be found here.

Fighting financial crime 

As we operate across a range of 

geographies and maintain business 

relationships with third parties, such as 

agents and intermediaries, who act on our 

behalf, financial crime is a key risk, with 

potentially significant consequences for our 

customers, our business and the economies 

in which we operate. 

We are committed to participating in 

industry-wide efforts to fight financial crime 

and we maintain and implement our own 

anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist 

financing, anti-bribery and corruption and 

anti-fraud practices and procedures. 

We have a clear Anti-Bribery and 

Corruption Policy that states our zero 

tolerance towards corruption and the 

payment or receipt of bribes for any 

purpose. It outlines how we define bribery 

and corruption and our position on political 

and charitable contributions, facilitation 

payments and gifts and hospitality. Our 

programme of mandatory online training 

courses ensures that our employees are able 

to recognise, avoid and report any potential 

instances of bribery or corruption and we 

closely monitor completion rates. In 

addition, face-to-face training was provided 

to approximately 2,500 employees in 

higher-risk roles during the year. 

As specified in our Anti-Bribery and 

Corruption Policy, we perform documented 

quarterly reviews with regional compliance 

teams as well as annual risk assessments 

across all of our businesses, as we recognise 

that practices, customs and regulatory 

requirements vary greatly across our 

markets. An external review of the Group’s 

anti-bribery and corruption programme was 

undertaken in 2016 and, following this, in 

2017 we put in place clear governance for 

anti-bribery and corruption risks and 

controls across the Group by establishing 

policy ownership with, and regular 

reporting to, our Group Risk Committee. 

The Group Audit Committee continues to 

review the effectiveness of the programme 

on an annual basis. During 2018, we will 

increase the scope of advanced training on 

anti-bribery and corruption risks and 

regulations to cover all senior executives 

and managers in higher-risk roles, 

particularly those that involve dealing 

with and managing relationships with 

third parties. 

We have Group-wide policies in place in 

relation to anti-money laundering, fraud, 

counter-terrorist financing and sanctions. 

These policies help to ensure that we 

comply fully with all relevant local 

regulatory and statutory requirements, 

effectively identify and understand the 

customers and third parties with which we 

do business, monitor customer risk profile 

and report suspicious activities, undertake 

robust risk-based due diligence and provide 

our staff with appropriate training on the 

recognition, avoidance and reporting of 

any potential wrongdoing.

In response to the introduction of the UK 

Criminal Finances Act 2017, a Group-wide 

risk assessment was performed to consider 

the impacts of the Act on our businesses. 

The Group Anti-Money Laundering Policy 

was updated to reflect the new legal 

requirements around preventing the 

facilitation of tax evasion and a programme 

of communications and training was 

provided to all employees across the Group. 

Coverage of compliance with these 

requirements has been built into the 

Compliance Monitoring Plan for 2018. 

During 2017, we also updated our Sanctions 

Policy to specify the requirement for all 

businesses to perform name screening of 

vendors, suppliers, outsourcers, employees 

and other third parties on a regular basis. 

The Group Audit Committee continues to 

review the effectiveness of the programme 

and associated controls on an annual basis, 

including tracking KPIs such as the number 

and percentage of customers categorised as 

high-risk or as politically exposed persons 

and the number of suspicious activity 

reports made to law enforcement agencies. 

Regular updates are also provided to the 

Group Risk Committee. Due to the sensitive 

nature of these policies, they are not made 

publicly available. 

Our Group Security Policy provides a 

framework to help us ensure a level of 

security commensurate with our regulatory 

and legal obligations, while meeting the 

demands of a competitive commercial 

organisation. We have a designated Head of 

Security across each of our businesses and 

have developed a set of procedures and 

guidelines at each business to demonstrate 

compliance with this policy. 

Whistleblowing

The relaunch of our whistleblowing 

programme in 2016, supported by a variety 

of internal communications, led to a 

substantial increase in reported concerns 

across a broad range of issue types and 

geographies in 2017. The accessibility of 

the programme, Speak Out, has been a key 

factor – it is publicly accessible not only to 

staff but also to clients, contractors and 

suppliers, allowing them to raise concerns 

via the internet, email, hotline or written 

formats in any language. The programme 

has been supported by the Group Chief 

Executive and senior leadership and 

reinforced through mandatory online 

training made available to all staff. This 

promotion and training has raised 

awareness of Speak Out and instilled 

confidence in reporters that concerns will 

be investigated independently and 

objectively by professional, trained 

investigators. 

Building on Speak Out, in 2017 we 

upgraded the case management platform 

that supports it. This has enhanced the 

effectiveness of investigations, speeded up 

the escalation of significant issues and 

improved the efficiency of Board-level 

reporting, making it easier for the Group 

Audit Committee to oversee the 

investigation of reported concerns.  

We are longstanding members of the 

Institute of Business Ethics (IBE) and in 2017 

we also extended our membership of Public 

Concern at Work (PCaW), which has 

advised on the content of our internal 

training and awareness material. We work 

closely with these organisations to 

constantly improve the effectiveness of our 

Speak Out arrangements. We are the only 

organisation in the insurance industry to be 

involved in a PCaW-led initiative to agree a 

standard across the financial services sector 

for the effectiveness of internal whistle-

blowing arrangements.

Recognition

In 2017 we were named one of Britain’s 

most admired companies in Management 

Today’s highly regarded business awards. 

Based on a comprehensive review by our 

peers, we won the insurance category and 

were named Britain’s third most admired 

company overall for quality of management 

and inspirational leadership, and fourth for 

our ability to attract and retain top talent. 

Across all industries, we were named tenth 

most admired company, out of 241 

companies surveyed.








www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,socialandgovernancereport2017 Prudentialplc

11

Meeting  

customers’ needs

Our customers are core to our strategy and the creation 

of long-term value. We deliver fair and transparent 

products that meet their needs, providing solutions to 

the biggest financial challenges of their lives


Prudential plc Environmental, social and governance report 2017 

www.prudential.co.uk

12

Meeting customers’ needs

The needs of our customers continue to 

evolve and we aim to serve them for the 

long term. This involves proactively 

listening to them and innovating to develop 

our products, solutions and distribution 

channels to improve financial access and 

deliver consistent, sustained performance. 

Our customer commitments 

Customer-centricity is key to our product 

proposition planning and the sales process, 

as well as the service we deliver from policy 

inception through to the point at which the 

product finishes its lifecycle. We aim to 

provide the highest standards of service at 

all times when managing the products our 

customers hold with us.

We have a duty to act to advance our 

customers’ interests responsibly and with 

integrity. Owing to their distinct operations 

and local operating contexts, each of our 

global businesses pursues its own 

individual, business-specific customer 

policies to assess, manage and report on 

customer risks. This is overlain by our 

Group Customer Commitments Policy, 

which sets out five customer commitments 

to support our Business Units in 

implementing the Group Code of Conduct:

1  Treat customers fairly, openly and 

honestly

2  Provide and promote a range of 

products and services that meet 

customer needs, are easy to understand 

and deliver real value

3  Maintain the confidentiality of our 

customer information (except where the 

law requires disclosure)  

4  Provide and promote high standards of 

customer service and monitor these 

standards rigorously

5  Ensure that our complaints processes 

provide an effective and fair means of 

arbitration between the Group’s 

business and customers.

Product design and innovation 

Our product planning ensures that we 

innovate and develop products and 

services that meet the needs of customers 

looking to secure their financial needs. 

We continue to focus on offering our 

customers flexibility and choice to meet 

their changing lifestyle needs. For our 

Asian customers, we are meeting the need 

for on-demand digital experiences. In 

Singapore, Vietnam and Hong Kong, we 

have launched industry-first artificial 

intelligence-driven chatbots. Prudential 

Vietnam’s ‘PruBot’, available on its 

corporate website and Facebook page, 

provides customers with 24/7 support by 

answering queries related to products and 

services, as well as helping them schedule 

appointments with financial consultants. 

‘AskPRU’ allows Prudential Singapore’s 

financial consultants to instantly retrieve 

information specific to their customers’ life 

insurance plans.

Where possible, we look to make things as 

simple as possible for our customers, as 

they make significant and complex financial 

decisions. In the US, Jackson introduced 

“Retire on Purpose,” a new platform with a 

focus on thoughtful life planning as a 

crucial first step towards creating a 

comprehensive financial plan. Jackson has 

also been simplifying the language used 

around financial products to make them 

clearer and more transparent for 

consumers, and to change the conversation 

to focus on planning for the lifetime income 

that consumers need to live well 

throughout their lives. To promote this 

simple language approach, Jackson has 

launched a new website, The Financial 

Freedom Studio, which now serves as 

Jackson’s central content hub.

In the UK, in 2017 we began offering 

customers the opportunity to migrate onto 

our online investing service, myM&amp;G, 

providing them with a new and lower-cost 

option for managing their investments. We 

also offer MyPru, a secure online facility to 

check policy information at any time, with 

one million customer log-ins since its 

launch in 2016. This allows our customers 

to check their policy value, change details, 

view payment and product information and 

send us secure messages. A key focus of 

our technological improvements was to 

reduce the time advisers spend on 

administration, to enable them to focus on 

serving our customers. Advances included 

the introduction of paperless offshore 

bond claims and an electronic signature 

facility for the Prudential Retirement 

Account.

In Africa, we rolled out a new ‘never lapse’ 

feature in Ghana. This addresses one of the 

main concerns our customers in this market 

have about insurance – that unforeseen 

circumstances might lead them to miss 

premium payments on their insurance 

policies and result in them losing their 

benefits. This new feature ensures that, 

beyond the first policy year, the policy will 

never lapse or become inactive. The 

feature is due to be rolled out in Kenya, 

Uganda and Zambia in 2018.

Increasing access to financial 

protection

Increasing access to insurance is a critical 

social and economic issue, and we aim to 

ensure not only that we have the right 

products available but also that these are 

distributed by appropriate means to our 

potential and existing customers, in order 

to increase access. 

Distribution plays a key role in our ability 

to reach, attract and retain customers 

across our regions. Our businesses 

work collaboratively with local NGOs 

and policymakers to better understand 

how we can address the need for 

financial protection, by partnering 

where appropriate. 

In our Asian markets, for example, lack of 

insurance is one of the primary reasons 

why a middle-income family falls below the 

poverty line following a significant life 

event. Through some of our products that 

situation can be averted at low cost, and we 

continue to broaden our offering and work 

with regional authorities to help address 

this need. The China Insurance Regulatory 

Commission has set a penetration target for 

insurance of 5 per cent by 2020, from a 

current rate of only 2 per cent. We are 

working with the Chinese authorities to 

help them reach that target and deliver all 

the benefits to both customers and 

communities that our industry’s products 

bring. Similarly, in Africa at 31 December 

2017 we were working exclusively with 

four banks, and in total had access to more 

than 600 bank branches, to bring value-

added insurance solutions to their 

customers. 


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,socialandgovernancereport2017 Prudentialplc

13

Customer service and addressing 

complaints

We believe that our customers deserve the 

highest level of professionalism, care and 

continuous contact from us, and our 

businesses develop programmes to 

encourage and pursue the best possible 

customer service. For example, in 

Singapore the Prudential Service Mark 

signifies that a Prudential financial 

consultant is committed to rendering the 

highest level of service and that the 

customer’s insurance and investment 

needs will be handled by a financial 

consultant who is among the best in our 

organisation. In order to be awarded the 

Prudential Service Mark, a consultant has 

to fulfil a set of stringent criteria – one of 

which is to receive excellent 

commendations from their customers, who 

play a significant role in deciding whether 

or not that agent is accredited.

We have procedures in place to manage 

complaints from our customers in a timely, 

robust and professional manner, while at all 

times doing so in a regulatorily compliant 

way. In the UK, customers have the right to 

approach the Financial Ombudsman 

Service (FOS) if they are unhappy with the 

outcome of a complaint raised with a 

financial services provider. The FOS will 

investigate the complaint and issue an 

adjudication with its findings. Since 2009, 

the FOS has published industry-wide 

adjudication data, which has seen 

adjudication support for Prudential 

average in excess of 80 per cent 

throughout, placing us strongly within 

both our peer group and the wider 

financial services industry.

We aim to provide transparency 

and accountability over any ongoing 

investigations. In March 2016, the 

UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) 

published a report setting out its findings 

from its thematic review of the fair 

treatment of longstanding customers. 

The FCA has since published guidance for 

firms that provides additional detail on the 

actions they should be taking in order to 

treat their closed-book customers fairly. 

In October 2016, the FCA also published 

the conclusions of its Thematic Review of 

Non-Advised Annuity Sales Practices. 

In conjunction with this, Prudential has 

agreed with the FCA to review annuities 

sold without advice after 1 July 2008 to 

its contract-based defined contribution 

pension customers in the UK. The review 

is examining whether customers were 

given sufficient information about their 

potential eligibility to purchase an 

enhanced annuity, either from 

Prudential or from another pension 

provider.  We have begun to contact 

customers who may not have been given 

sufficient information and will provide 

redress where appropriate based on a 

methodology set out by the FCA.

Industry awards

In 2017, we won a number of industry 

awards, reflecting the clear customer focus 

that runs through our Group:

 

— In Asia, Prudential Hong Kong Limited 

won two top awards at the Hong Kong 

Insurance Awards 2017: the 

Outstanding Customer Services 

Award and the Outstanding Agent 

of the Year Award, plus a number 

of Finalist Awards. 

 

— In the US we were recognised six times 

in 2017 by The Service Quality 

Measurement Group, Inc. (SQM) for 

excellence in contact center service. In 

addition, Jackson earned the following 

awards:  “Highest Customer Service for 

the Financial Industry” and “Highest 

Customer Service for the B2B Industry”, 

awarded for the highest First Call 

Resolution in a specific sector; and 

“Contact Center World Class First Call 

Resolution Certification” for achieving a 

First Call Resolution rate of 80 per cent 

or greater for at least three months. 

 

— In the UK, we retained our two ‘Five 

Star’ ratings in the Life &amp; Pensions and 

Investments categories at the Financial 

Adviser Service Awards. Additionally, 

at the 2017 Investment Life &amp; Pensions 

Moneyfacts Awards, we were awarded 

Best Investment Bond Provider for the 

seventh year running, and Best Income 

Drawdown Provider. At the FT Pensions 

Expert: Pension and Investor Provider 

Awards 2017, we won the Global Multi 

Asset Credit Manager of the Year and 

UK Fixed Income Manager of the 

Year awards. 










Prudential plc Environmental, social and governance report 2017 

www.prudential.co.uk

14

Responsible 

investment

We define responsible investment as the explicit 

incorporation into investment processes and 

ownership decisions of ESG issues that are relevant  

to the Group, our customers, investors, employees  

and other stakeholders


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,socialandgovernancereport2017 Prudentialplc

15



As a long-term investor, we believe that ESG 

risks can potentially impact long-term 

investment performance and we seek to 

manage exposure to these risks through our 

Group-wide Responsible Investment 

Framework. This sets minimum requirements 

and provides guidance that enables our 

Business Units to explain, in a manner that is 

consistent with our Group Values and Code 

of Conduct, how they incorporate ESG 

considerations into their investment 

processes as asset managers and their 

stewardship commitments as asset owners. 

Our general approach is to favour 

engagement with investee companies and 

active ownership practices rather than 

restricting investment opportunities 

through exclusion.  In addition to 

complying with applicable laws, rules and 

regulations, we have defined a process to 

be able to exclude certain assets from our 

internal insurance mandates.

Our approach to responsible 

investment

We are long-term stewards of our customers’ 

assets and we recognise the challenge that 

ESG risks such as climate change present. We 

believe it is our responsibility to customers, 

society and the environment to incorporate 

associated considerations into investment 

decisions, fiduciary and stewardship duties, 

to prepare for the transition to a more 

sustainable economy. By recognising our 

duties to assess all types of risks as 

professional investors (asset managers) and 

our stewardship responsibilities as custodians 

of our customers’ and shareholders’assets 

(asset owners), we believe we can meet the 

needs of our customers for long-term savings 

and financial security.

We operate an asset management business 

in each of our three main regions –  

Eastspring in Asia, PPMA in the US and 

M&amp;G Prudential in the UK &amp; Europe. In 

recognition of the distinct investment risks 

faced by our asset management and 

ownership businesses through investing in 

different markets and asset classes, each 

Business Unit manages ESG-related matters 

through the pursuit of local, business-

specific responsible investment strategies. 

As a long-term investor, we consider all 

factors (financial and non-financial) in our 

investment processes, decision-making and 

ownership practices that may have a 

meaningful impact on our clients’ long-term 

investment outcomes. Processes to 

document the consideration of ESG factors 

in the investment processes of our asset 

managers are being embedded through the 

implementation of our Group-wide 

Responsible Investment Framework.  

Similarly, as active asset owners of the 

capital we invest on behalf of our clients, we 

believe that due consideration of the various 

factors that can impact investment returns is 

part of our fiduciary duty to our customers.

Our Group Responsible Investment 

Framework

While each of our Business Units continues 

to manage ESG-related matters in a manner 

appropriate to its local business 

environment and investment strategies, we 

created a Group Responsible Investment 

Framework in 2017 to draw together the 

individual ESG-related investment 

strategies and activities of our global 

businesses, allowing us to better articulate 

our Group-wide approach to responsible 

investment. The Framework is aligned to 

our Group Code of Conduct and connects 

the existing responsible investment 

governance structures within our different 

businesses, such as M&amp;G Prudential’s 

Responsible Investment Advisory Forum 

and Eastspring’s Responsible Investment 

Working Group. 

The Framework provides a mechanism to 

inform our senior executives of the local 

ESG investment strategies of each of our 

businesses. Central to the Framework is 

our Group Responsible Investment 

Advisory Committee (GRIAC), which 

comprises the Chief Investment Officers of 

each of our asset management and 

insurance Business Units. The GRIAC is 

responsible for overseeing our responsible 

investment activities and further 

developing our overall Group-wide 

strategy. Our Group-wide responsible 

investment activities, overseen by the 

GRIAC, are periodically reported to the 

Board and senior executive committees.

Our Group-wide Responsible Investment 

Principles (outlined below) lay out the 

general beliefs behind our investment 

approach to ESG, and are underpinned by 

a set of Group-wide Responsible 

Investment Standards, which embody our 

Group strategy. These Standards were 

developed through consultation with our 

Business Units in 2017, setting minimum 

Group requirements to guide our asset 

management and ownership businesses in 

ESG-related matters and helping them to 

further develop their own local 

Responsible Investment Standards. This 

ensures that, as a Group, we take a 

systematic and consistent approach to 

responsible investment and responsible 

ownership. In 2018 the Standards are in the 

road-testing phase with our Business Units, 

including the design and implementation of 

appropriate KPIs to facilitate enhanced 

Group-level internal monitoring and 

external reporting.

Prudential’s Group-wide Responsible Investment Principles 

1

 The Prudential Group Responsible Investment Standards are governed by 

the Group Code of Business Conduct and the Group Values.

2

 A Group-wide set of Responsible Investment Standards supports our 

business reputation, brand and stakeholders.

3

 Our investment process incorporates both financial and non-financial factors 

in our approach to the stewardship of our clients’ assets.

4

 The reputation of the Prudential Group is managed and protected through 

careful consideration of ESG issues in our investment activities.

5

 Group and Business Unit governance processes allow us to demonstrate our 

activities as a responsible investor.


Prudential plc Environmental, social and governance report 2017 

www.prudential.co.uk

16



2017 responsible investment 

highlights

We added a number of ESG-focused 

offerings to our product range in 2017 in 

response to increased interest and demand 

from customers: 

 

— M&amp;G Prudential launched two funds in 

the ESG/impact investment space. The 

M&amp;G Impact Financing Fund is an 

institutional fund focused on private 

and illiquid debt that generates clear 

environmental or social impact while 

providing competitive financial returns. 

The M&amp;G Global High Yield ESG Bond 

Fund is a SICAV public bond fund aimed 

at providing a combination of capital 

growth and income while considering 

ESG factors, and which seeks to achieve 

a higher ESG rating than the global 

high-yield market. 

 

— In the US, Jackson National Asset 

Management added the JNL/Mellon 

Capital MSCI KLD 400 Social Index 

Fund in April 2017 as an underlying 

variable annuity investment option. This 

passively managed fund tracks its 

corresponding MSCI index, which is a 

capitalisation-weighted index of 400 US 

securities that provides exposure to 

companies with outstanding ESG 

ratings and excludes those whose 

products are judged to have negative 

social or environmental impacts.

In addition to our new ESG-focused 

investment products, we continued to 

make progress in responsible investing in 

2017 through engagement with investees 

and the assets in which we invest:

 

— Eastspring evidenced its ongoing 

commitment to the economies and 

communities of developing countries in 

Asia when it became the first Asian 

investor to sign an agreement with the 

International Finance Corporation, a 

member of the World Bank Group, 

committing US$500 million to a 

programme to fund infrastructure 

projects in emerging markets. 

 

— PPM America invested US$60 million in 

solar and wind power projects, bringing 

its portfolio of investments in renewable 

power projects to US$300 million. Since 

2015, PPM America has also invested 

almost US$250 million in asset-backed 

transactions that support the activities 

of companies like Mosaic Inc. 

(purchased in 2017), a provider of 

residential solar power solutions, as well 

as other companies that provide 

energy-efficient upgrades or renewable 

energy installations for residential, 

commercial and industrial property 

owners under ‘Property Assessed 

Clean Energy’ legislation initiatives. 

 

— M&amp;G continued to actively engage with 

the management of its investee 

companies, both individually and 

increasingly collectively with other 

investors, to address ESG issues ranging 

from climate change and diversity to tax 

and human rights. M&amp;G is playing an 

increasingly active role in responsible 

investment-oriented initiatives, 

including participating in the Asian 

Corporate Governance Association and 

the UK Investor Forum, and became a 

signatory to the  30% Club investor 

group statement of intent, committing 

us to raising the issue of gender diversity 

with our investee companies.

 

— M&amp;G Real Estate has been participating 

in the annual Global Real Estate 

Sustainability Benchmark survey since 

2011. In the 2017 survey, seven of our 

funds received a ‘Green Star’ rating, 

meaning that they are among the most 

highly ranked for sustainability globally. 

Our 2018 plans include continuing to 

enhance and roll out our Group Responsible 

Investment Framework, which entails 

further development of our Group and local 

Business Unit Responsible Investment 

Standard. Additionally, as part of our 

ongoing IT infrastructure and digital 

transformational work, we will continue to 

assess how technology, such as the 

BlackRock Aladdin investment system, 

which M&amp;G Prudential began using in 2017, 

and third-party ESG market data can help 

us further integrate ESG considerations into 

our investment activities.

Responsible investment 



Climate-related risks and opportunities factored into individual 

investment strategies 

Our UK savings and investments business invests in a range of alternative assets that 

play a role in addressing climate-related risk and opportunities, principally through 

investments overseen by Prudential Portfolio Management Group. Using specialist 

investment partners within M&amp;G Prudential and externally, the funds have interests in a 

range of clean, sustainable and renewable energy assets around the world, which are 

helping to facilitate a shift toward a low-emission future. Investments currently held by 

the funds include:

 

— Solar and onshore wind projects across Continental Europe and the UK;

 

— Biomass waste-to-energy generation in the UK;

 

— Battery storage in the UK to manage fluctuations in demand and supply of 

electricity, promoting renewables as a source of power generation; and

 

— Hydroelectric and wind power generation facilities in Latin America.

The business has also been a cornerstone investor in several initial public offerings of 

listed renewables investment companies in recent years.


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,socialandgovernancereport2017 Prudentialplc

17



Climate change and investment 

Climate change poses potentially 

significant risks to Prudential and its 

customers, not only from the physical 

impacts of climate change but also from the 

transition risks associated with the shift to a 

low-carbon economy. 

Our relationships with our customers are 

long-term, and so it is vital that our strategy 

and its execution manage long-term climate 

risks to ensure that we remain a sustainable 

business. Commitments to address climate 

change have been made by countries 

adopting the Paris Agreement and 

governmental and corporate efforts to 

transition to a low-carbon economy in the 

coming decades could have an adverse 

impact on global investment assets. In 

particular, there is a risk that this transition, 

including the related changes to technology, 

policies and regulations and the speed of their 

implementation, could result in some sectors 

facing significantly higher costs and a 

disorderly adjustment to their asset values. 

This could lead to an adverse impact on the 

value and the future performance of the 

investment assets of the Group if climate 

considerations are not effectively integrated 

into investment decisions and fiduciary and 

stewardship duties. Where the investment 

horizons of our businesses are long-term, the 

relevant assets are potentially more exposed 

to the long-term impact of climate change.

We are in the process of refreshing our 

enterprise-wide assessment of climate-

related risks in our investment portfolio, 

the previous results of which have been 

presented to the Group Risk Committee, 

while also establishing the internal 

capabilities needed to make enhanced 

climate-related financial disclosures in 

future reporting periods, considering the 

geographical and asset class breadth of our 

investment activities. We will report on this 

further in our future ESG reporting.

Participation in industry initiatives

United Nations Principles for 

Responsible Investment 

M&amp;G, PPMSA (our asset manager in South 

Africa) and now Eastspring  are signatories 

to the United Nations Principles for 

Responsible Investment (UN PRI). These 

voluntary principles offer guidance to 

understand the implications of ESG issues 

and to embed their consideration into 

investment practices and processes. 

Eastspring evaluated the requirements in 

2017 and became a signatory in February 

2018. The UN PRI reports for M&amp;G and 

PPMSA can be found here:  M&amp;G and 

PPMSA. 

Task Force on Climate-related 

Financial Disclosures 

The financial sector is continuing to 

develop its awareness and understanding 

of the risks associated with climate change, 

and Prudential contributed to the process 

that developed the Financial Stability 

Board’s Task Force on Climate-related 

Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 

recommendations. We participated as an 

asset owner in the workshop run by 

members of the TCFD Secretariat and 

submitted a detailed response to the 

consultation on the TCFD’s initial 

recommendations. We are reviewing our 

climate-related financial risk management 

and reporting capabilities, which will give 

us a clear focus on what actions are 

required across the breadth of our business 

activities to improve transparency around 

our climate-related financial risks and their 

associated management. M&amp;G has already 

publically endorsed the TCFD 

recommendations and is engaging with 

investee companies on improving their 

disclosures in line with the 

recommendations. 

Climate Action 100+

In 2017 M&amp;G joined Climate Action 100+, 

an initiative bringing together more than 

250 global institutional investors to engage 

with the world’s largest corporate 

greenhouse gas emitters to improve 

climate-related financial disclosure and 

curb emissions. 

Asset Owners Disclosure Project 

We are actively participating in the 2018 

Asset Owners Disclosure Project’s (AODP) 

Global Insurance Sector survey, now 

managed by ShareAction, which seeks to 

assess the insurance sector’s response to 

climate-related risks and opportunities. In 

the 2017 Asset Owner survey, we ranked 

113th out of the world’s 500 largest asset 

owners, including pension funds, 

sovereign wealth funds, insurance 

companies, foundations and endowments. 

M&amp;G participated in the 2017 Global 

Climate Index survey for Asset Managers, 

which assessed the approach of the world’s 

top 50 asset managers to managing the 

financial impact of climate change on 

investment portfolios, and we ranked 

fourth out of the 50 participant firms.

UK Sustainable Investment and 

Finance Association

During 2017 M&amp;G joined the UK 

Sustainable Investment and Finance 

Association and the International 

Corporate Governance Network, and 

became a member of the Responsible 

Investment and Corporate Governance 

working groups of the European Fund and 

Asset Management Association.

ClimateWise

Facilitated by the Cambridge Institute for 

Sustainability Leadership, ClimateWise 

supports the insurance industry to better 

communicate, disclose and respond to the 

risks and opportunities associated with the 

climate risk protection gap. Members 

produce an annual submission addressing 

six ClimateWise principles, with 

performance independently verified by 

PwC, and are ranked against their peers. In 

2017, we improved our position, with a 

ranking of sixth out of 27 members, 

achieving 71 per cent, compared with 

60 per cent in 2016. 

Impact investing in action – Social housing finance 

In January 2017, M&amp;G provided over £85 million in funding to a social housing 

association that is a leading developer and provider of affordable homes across London 

and South-East England. The 25-year fixed-rate, senior secured loan is intended to help 

fund the development of more than 1,000 homes for social and affordable rent or 

shared ownership schemes by 2020, with further properties to be built for market sale 

to generate profits for investment in additional social and affordable homes.

The investment provides clear positive social impact through the planned construction 

of new social housing stock for residents with low incomes and higher social needs. In 

addition to generating positive social and environmental impact, the investment targets 

a competitive financial return and is expected to generate a return premium in the range 

of 1-2 per cent per annum over equivalent-rated public bonds.








Prudential plc Environmental, social and governance report 2017 

www.prudential.co.uk

18

Environmental 

performance 

Managing the environmental risks facing our business 

is crucial to creating long-term value for our customers, 

shareholders and the communities of which we are part 


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,socialandgovernancereport2017 Prudentialplc

19

As an occupier of approximately 400 

properties worldwide, we recognise the 

importance of our own internal 

environmental targets and decarbonisation 

goals in reducing our direct carbon 

footprint. In this section, we focus on our 

direct business operational impact 

management and performance in 

occupying our properties.

As a life insurer, asset owner and manager, 

we also recognise the positive role we can 

play in financing the transition to a  

low-carbon economy, as well as the risks 

involved in that transition and in climate 

change in general. We are in the process of 

refreshing our enterprise-wide assessment 

of climate-related risks, while also 

establishing the internal capabilities 

needed to make enhanced climate-related 

financial disclosures in future reporting 

periods, with reference to the Financial 

Stability Board’s (FSB’s) Task Force on 

Climate-Related Financial Disclosures 

(TCFD) recommendations. Further 

information on our role as an asset manager 

and owner and how we manage our 

indirect environmental impacts can be 

found in the Responsible Investment 

section on page 14.

Managing our direct impacts

Our approach to managing our energy and 

climate-related risk is based on 

understanding and measuring our 

environmental impacts and playing our 

part in reducing them. The Group Code of 

Business Conduct underpins all our 

activities, including minimising the impacts 

of our business operations on the 

environment. In addition, we have a 

Group-wide Environmental Policy, which 

applies to the operational property of all 

Group companies, guiding how we manage 

our direct environmental impacts, including 

compliance with regulations, energy 

consumption, water use and waste disposal, 

as well as supply chain management and 

the adoption of risk management principles 

for all property-related matters such as 

leasing and development. 

Our Group Environment team within 

Corporate Property has global accountability 

for the Group’s environmental policies and 

performance and for reporting progress to 

the plc Board. Group Environment also 

provides the conduit between the Board and 

our Business Units to review performance, 

set targets and share best practice. 

We seek external accreditation where 

relevant to help us minimise the impact of 

our operations, validate good performance 

and drive continual improvement. For 

example, our UK property estate has been 

certified to ISO 14001, the international 

standard for environmental management, 

since 2008. For new developments, 

refurbishments and lease acquisitions, our 

Corporate Property team targets sustainable 

building certifications to help ensure good 

environmental performance for the life cycle 

or lease duration of the asset. 

We have processes in place to capture, 

monitor and measure our global energy 

footprint and resource use against key 

performance indicators. By measuring the 

impact and carbon intensity of each of our 

properties, we are able to prioritise and 

focus on our top energy-consuming sites, 

where we can make the most impact. We 

have measured and reported our 

greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions as 

required under the UK Companies Act 

2006 and through the Carbon Reduction 

Commitment Energy Efficiency Scheme, 

with which we comply. See our 2017 

Annual Report. Our 2017 reporting covers 

the period 1 October 2016 to 

30 September 2017 and is assured by 

Deloitte LLP. Further information and 

Deloitte’s assurance statement can be 

found here.

Our 2017 environmental 

performance and initiatives

Sector benchmarks

We received external recognition for our 

leadership on climate change issues with 

an improved score of A- in the CDP Climate 

Change disclosure (2016: B). In 

ClimateWise, the insurance sector climate 

initiative managed by the Cambridge 

Institute for Sustainability Leadership, we 

improved our score, achieving 71 per cent 

(2016: 60 per cent). Our performance in 

ClimateWise against six core principles is 

independently audited by PwC.

Global environmental targets

In 2016 we set ourselves a broader range of 

environmental targets designed to drive and 

strengthen our internal management 

practices. Our global target framework is 

focused on opportunities in the main regions 

where we operate and so can make the 

biggest impact. To ensure Group objectives 

remain relevant at a local level and to reflect 

how our business is managed, each Business 

Unit has the autonomy to deliver targets most 

applicable to its region and we continue to 

focus on data completeness and quality 

across our operating markets in order to 

support this. 

Highlights of 2017 and key performance 

metrics are available below. The accuracy 

of our reported data continues to improve 

year-on-year as we rely less on estimation 

and more on direct data and billing 

information. Nonetheless, obtaining the 

necessary information from suppliers to 

facilitate the level of disclosure required at 

a global level remains a challenge. A full 

update of 2017 progress against our 2020 

roadmap is available online, along with our 

Basis of Reporting. 

1.	Energy	and	climate	change	

–	understanding	our	impacts,	

reducing	our	GHG	emissions	and	

developing	longer-term	actions

In 2017 global energy use across our 

occupied estate was 129,335 MWh, a 

decrease of 2 per cent (2016: 131,899 

MWh) . Our absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG 

emissions decreased by 5 per cent to 

70,723 tCO2e (2016: 74,315 tCO2e) across 

our occupied estate and, when normalised 

against net lettable floor area, our Scope 1 

and 2 GHG emissions fell by 2 per cent to 

148 kgCO2e/m2, driven by our GHG 

emission reduction efforts and 

consolidation of our property portfolio. We 

continue to invest in our estate and 

upgrade to energy-efficient equipment 

through our mechanical and electricity 

plant life cycle replacement programme. 

Further breakdown of our energy fuel mix 

is available online.

Electricity use from our properties is the 

single largest contributor to our Scope 1 

and 2 GHG emissions (89 per cent) and so 

we have invested in intelligent data 

analytics software at our largest UK and US 

offices to better control our consumption. 

A successful trial at one UK office resulted 

in a 6 per cent electricity reduction in just 

three months.

In April 2018 we took an important step in 

accelerating our decarbonisation efforts by 

becoming a signatory to RE100, the global 

renewable energy initiative, with a view to 

achieving 100 per cent renewable 

electricity procurement by 2025 across 

both our occupied and managed 

investment estates. Further information 

on the initiative is available here.

Air travel continues to dominate our 

business travel carbon footprint 

(99 per cent of UK booked travel) and this 

increased 32 per cent to 14,413 tCO2e. 

In recognition of the importance of this 

impact, we have begun to capture business 

travel data beyond the UK and will look to 

publish this in our 2018 ESG Report. 

For further detail on our 2020 energy and 

climate change targets and our progress 

made against these in 2017, refer to our 

Global Environmental Targets Framework.


Prudential plc Environmental, social and governance report 2017 

www.prudential.co.uk

20



2.	Construction	and	refurbishment	

–	delivering	sustainable	outcomes	

through	property	projects	and	

improved	wellbeing	for	our	

employees

Refurbishment projects and new 

developments provide the single greatest 

opportunity to reduce the carbon impact of 

our estate. Each Business Unit has the 

automony to deliver sustainable building 

certifications most relevant for its region. 

For example, we are targeting a BREEAM 

Excellent rating for M&amp;G Prudential’s new 

London office. In 2017, Jackson was 

awarded another US Environmental 

Protection Agency Energy Star for a 

second building on our Lansing campus. 

For further detail on our 2020 

environmental construction and 

refurbishment targets and our progress 

made against them in 2017, refer to our 

Global Environmental Targets Framework.

3.	Waste	and	recycling	–	reducing	

the	waste	we	generate	and	diverting	

waste	from	landfill	through	recycling	

and	recovery

During 2017 we generated 1,947 tonnes of 

waste across our occupied estate in the UK 

and the US (2016: 2,088 tonnes), equating 

to 159 kg of waste per employee. Waste 

disposal is often managed by a building’s 

landlord and is mixed with other tenants’ 

waste. This is the predominant practice 

across our Asian sites, making it particularly 

challenging to obtain a complete and 

accurate picture of the waste produced 

across our estate. Waste generation across 

our Asian business is estimated to be a 

further 2,081 tonnes in 2017, based on 

headcount. Ensuring complete and 

accurate data will remain an ongoing focus 

area for 2018. 

We continue to collaborate with our 

suppliers to seek opportunities to reduce 

our total waste volumes and increase our 

recycling rate (2017: 60 per cent, up from 

56 per cent in 2016). We do not currently 

report the waste volumes associated with 

our products and services. As a global 

financial service organisation, these are not 

considered to be material to our total 

emissions. In the UK all waste has been 

diverted directly from landfill since 2014. 

Since August 2017, waste coffee grounds 

from M&amp;G Prudential’s London office have 

been sent to the UK’s first waste coffee 

ground recycling facility for repurposing 

into bio fuel. Since implementation, an 

average of 1.3 tonnes of coffee ground 

waste has been diverted per month. M&amp;G 

Prudential has also introduced initiatives at 

three locations to replace disposable coffee 

cups with mugs, which has led to a 

reduction in disposable cups of 61 per cent 

at one site. We have also started to review 

the use of plastics across our sites to 

understand where we can make 

improvements and have already reduced 

plastic cup usage at our London sites by 

24 per cent in 2017. 

In Lansing, Michigan, we introduced fully 

compostable food containers, including 

straws, to reduce consumption of 

single-use plastics and non-recyclable 

packaging. Waste to landfill decreased by 

29 per cent in 2017 to 344 tonnes (2016: 

481 tonnes) and compostable waste 

increased to 70 tonnes (2016: 13 tonnes). 

We have also focused on improving our 

data quality by ensuring our suppliers 

provide accurate reports.  

In 2018 our Asian business will develop 

waste management guidelines to raise 

awareness of the waste hierarchy and good 

practice. As an office-based business, 

we are not large producers of hazardous 

waste (1 per cent of UK waste) and so 

do not currently capture this in our 

global reporting. 

For further detail on our 2020 waste and 

recycling targets and our progress made 

against these in 2017, refer to our Global 

Environmental Targets Framework.

4.	Water	consumption	–		assessing	

and	reducing	our	use	of	water

Absolute use of water across our global 

occupied estate increased by 14 per cent to 

271,194 m3 (2016: 238,761 m3). When 

normalised, annual water usage increased 

Energy Star

In 2017, Jackson was awarded a US Environmental Protection Agency Energy Star for 

a second building on our Lansing campus, demonstrating superior energy efficiency. 

Commercial buildings that earn EPA’s Energy Star certification use an average of 

35 per cent  less energy than typical buildings. Our new building, 8 Corporate Way, 

received an Energy Star score of 93, placing it in the top 10 per cent of all similar 

facilities nationwide. 

To earn the Energy Star certification, Jackson created a five-year energy plan that 

included the installation of new mechanical and electrical building controls to enhance 

monitoring and control of all systems, improving comfort and efficiency, along with 

advanced lighting controls with occupancy sensors and daylight harvesting to 

maximise the use of natural light. 

Jackson received an honorable mention for best commercial project in Michigan State 

at the 2017 Governor’s Energy Excellence Awards. As one of the largest companies in 

the Greater Lansing area, Jackson’s commitment to energy efficiency and 

environmental conservation sets a positive example for other local companies and 

organisations and helps bring awareness to this important topic. 

Environmental performance  




www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,socialandgovernancereport2017 Prudentialplc

21



by 4 per cent to 10.7 m3 per employee 

(2016: 10.0 m3). The increase in absolute 

consumption has largely been driven by an 

increase in data quality, with more sites 

reporting invoice data. Water consumption 

is limited to building usage and therefore 

there are no issues in sourcing water. 

However, we are actively working to set 

usage reduction targets and activities in 

2017 focused on setting our baseline. 

Environmental management guidance 

developed by our Asian business includes 

water audits of our major facilities to 

improve management regimes, and this will 

be another priority in 2018. 

For further detail on our 2020 water targets 

and our progress against these in 2017, 

refer to our Global Environmental Targets 

Framework.

5.	Sustainable	procurement	–	

partnering	with	our	supply	chain	to	

deliver	sustainable	solutions	and	

source	responsibly

The ongoing support of our supply chain is 

vital in becoming a sustainable business. 

We prioritise engagement with suppliers 

whose operations have the largest 

environmental impact. For example, in the 

UK Corporate Property suppliers are 

embedded into our ISO 14001:2015 

environmental management system 

through forums and our audit regime. Our 

procurement team ensures that 

environmental requirements are integrated 

into procurement frameworks and form 

part of the supplier selection criteria. Our 

supplier relationship team is responsible for 

ensuring the ongoing delivery of 

environmental requirements integrated 

within contracts. In 2018 we will be making 

changes to our catering contract to ensure 

that we eliminate all avoidable food and 

catering waste, such as single-use plastics 

and coffee cups. 

Since October 2016 we have procured a 

zero-carbon power contract for our UK 

occupied property estate (14 per cent of 

global electricity consumption), and in 

2018 we will continue our efforts to comply 

with the GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance 

(electricity). 

For further detail on our 2020 renewables 

sourcing and sustainable procurement 

targets and our progress against these in 

2017, refer to our Global Environmental 

Targets Framework.

Enforcement actions

No fines or regulatory enforcement actions 

occurred during the year for environmental 

incidents (2016: zero). 

Prudential Global Services 

Prudential Global Services (PruGlobal), Prudential’s global in-house centre based in 

Mumbai, has kept pace with the evolving needs of the Group by significantly increasing 

its capacity to offer services including IT and digital, financial and risk. PruGlobal has 

seen 40 per cent growth in headcount since 2015 and now employs around 700 people 

across two offices. PruGlobal has developed a sustainable office strategy focused on 

energy efficiency, water and waste reduction and responsible procurement to deliver a 

sustainable working environment and demonstrate commitment to environmental 

stewardship. 

As a result of this continued growth, electricity consumption has increased 13 per cent 

in two years (2015: 1,583 MWh, 2017: 1,781 MWh). When normalised, electricity 

consumption actually reduced by 19 per cent to 253 kWh per m2. The Corporate 

Facilities team replaced halogen lighting with LEDs and is in the process of upgrading 

the chillers. Electricity use from lighting and electrical equipment is monitored every 

two hours by the engineering team to eliminate unnecessary usage and there is an 

annual maintenance schedule to ensure that equipment operates efficiently. 

Water use is minimised through rainwater harvesting and an on-site sewage treatment 

plant. Paper usage has been reduced through a move to electronic forms and all waste 

in the cafeteria is segregated for recycling, with food waste converted into compost. 

The purchasing strategy ensures that electrical appliances with a high energy-

efficiency rating are weighted preferably during decision-making and that equipment is 

shared. Paper is procured from a supplier that plants trees every time one is uprooted 

for paper pulp, and during a recent office refurbishment LEED-certified products 

(eg ceiling tiles and carpet) were selected that could be fully recycled. 






Prudential plc Environmental, social and governance report 2017 

www.prudential.co.uk

22





Our supply chain 

 

We rely on thousands of third-party suppliers and 

outsourcers for the goods and services we need. 

 In sourcing those goods and services, we seek to 

maximise value and minimise our supply risk,  

while operating in an ethical and socially  

responsible manner


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,socialandgovernancereport2017 Prudentialplc

23

Managing our supply chain risk

Our diverse supply chain includes:

 

— Businesses that provide and maintain 

our IT network and systems

 

— Businesses that provide specialist 

professional and advisory services and 

that support our staff and their work 

environment, such as cleaners, security 

staff, property maintenance and 

catering personnel

 

— Third-party partners, contractors and 

agents that form our distribution 

network. 

Our individual Business Units have the 

capacity to make the purchasing decisions 

that are relevant for their individual needs 

and markets. However, the overall process 

is informed by our Group standards. 

It is our policy to work in partnership with 

suppliers whose values and standards are 

aligned with our Group Code of Business 

Conduct. To help achieve this, we have 

implemented a Group Outsourcing and 

Third Party Supply Policy. This policy was 

reviewed in 2017 and sets out our 

proportionate risk-based view of supply 

chain management requirements, 

including due diligence and selection 

criteria, contractual requirements, the 

ongoing monitoring of relationships and 

reporting and escalation. 

Given the differences in our operating 

markets around the Group, our Business 

Units may also adopt their own supporting 

policies and reporting procedures at a local 

level. Other policies, such as the Group 

Health and Safety Policy and our Group 

Employee Relations and Resourcing 

policies, also support the management 

of our global supply chains and are 

available here.

Our Business Units and their respective 

procurement teams are expected to 

undertake due diligence before engaging a 

new supplier, especially critical suppliers. 

As part of the selection process, all of our 

employees are expected to ensure that 

third-party supply arrangements are 

entered into with consideration of the 

content of the Group Code of Business 

Conduct and in compliance with the 

Group’s Outsourcing and Third-Party 

Supply Policy. Supplier relationships 

are also actively managed, with ongoing 

due diligence, review meetings and, 

if required, audits. 

Along with the policies and procedures 

that help us procure goods and services 

from suppliers whose practices align with 

ours, we monitor compliance through our 

“Speak Out” service, our confidential, 

online and phone reporting service that 

encourages employees to raise concerns 

regarding our suppliers, among other 

things. Our suppliers and contractors can 

also access this service as it is publicly 

available, and can raise any concerns to us 

via the internet, email, hotline or written 

formats in any language. 

Training is a key component of how we 

manage our supply chain risk. During 2017 

we continued to make sure that our key 

procurement and supply management 

personnel were aware of relevant labour 

risks by completing ethics training. This 

included highlighting key indicators to 

identify selected risks and the reporting 

steps to be undertaken should any 

concerns be reported. In addition, we 

provided briefings to the directors of our 

Group companies in relation to human 

rights risks. This year a number of 

employees who had frequent contact with 

suppliers attended and successfully 

completed the Chartered Institute of 

Procurement and Supply’s Ethics in 

Procurement and Supply course. 

The programme covered unethical 

practices including fraud, bribery, 

corruption, human rights abuse and 

forced labour in supply chains.  

Protecting human rights in our 

supply chain

We believe in respecting human rights 

and acting responsibly and with integrity. 

Modern slavery, human trafficking, child 

labour or any other abuse of human rights 

has no place in our organisation or our 

supply chain. We have always believed this 

commitment extends beyond our 

organisation and into our supply chain and 

such considerations are integrated into our 

Group Outsourcing and Third Party Supply 

Policy and Group Code of Business 

Conduct. For more information around 

how we are identifying and managing our 

risks in relation to modern slavery, human 

trafficking, child and forced labour, please 

read our Modern Slavery Statement. 



New building contractor

M&amp;G Prudential will soon be moving to a new building in London, and the renovation of 

the building represents one of the largest projects of its type for our Corporate Property 

team in the UK. We harnessed our procurement processes to help us select a contractor 

that would deliver excellence for us as a company, including our staff, visitors and our local 

communities. Our selection criteria required contractors to have experience delivering 

BREEAM-excellent buildings and driving strong community programmes, as well as a 

commitment to delivering a zero-harm exemplar project. Our appointed contractor has 

responded to our ambition by providing a digital solution to manage health and safety on 

site. Construction is acknowledged as a potentially high-risk sector for forced labour. We 

assessed the controls and processes in place as part of the procurement process for 

human rights risks and will test these controls at the fit-out. 




Prudential plc Environmental, social and governance report 2017 

www.prudential.co.uk

24

Operating our third-party and 

outsourced relationships 

responsibly

A large number of our suppliers are 

financially and operationally smaller than us 

and we are committed to ensuring that we 

pay them promptly, in accordance with our 

contractual obligations. For operational 

suppliers at our Group Head Office, for 

example, our accounts payable systems are 

set up to mirror the payment terms agreed 

and monthly reports are sent to 

management that identify individuals 

responsible for invoices that remain unpaid 

after the due date. Where there are 

outstanding queries with a supplier on an 

invoice, a typical response is to put to one 

side any disputed amount to allow the 

remainder of the invoice to be paid. 

To add rigour to our approach, our 

businesses also seek accreditation with 

recognised bodies. For example, the 

procurement practices of our UK business 

have been accredited with the Chartered 

Institute of Purchasing and Supply. This 

accreditation, in particular, helps to ensure 

that our processes are transparent for our 

UK suppliers.

2017 highlights and supply chain 

initiatives

In July 2017, Group Head Office deployed a 

new e-procurement system to be used 

across all departments. The new system 

created end-to-end automation for 

supplier spend at Group Head Office, 

covering supplier ordering, invoicing, 

payments and contracting. The 

deployment of the system adds a new layer 

of control and visibility across our and our 

suppliers’ supply chain and helps reduce 

paper, transport and manual processing.

All purchasing and approvals are now 

conducted securely online, with invoices 

scanned and transmitted and contracts 

signed and shared electronically. This 

enables enhanced transparency in 

the management of our third-party 

relationships, segregating duties in 

the system and reducing the risk of 

unethical purchases. 

Working with third parties whose values 

align to our own is paramount to us. We 

continued to progress our procurement 

activities in the UK in 2017 and, as part of 

the procurement process for Total Facilities 

Management and Catering Services across 

our UK occupied estate, we incorporated 

human rights and ethical sourcing 

considerations into the selection process.



Consolidation of managing agents in Europe and Asia  

M&amp;G Real Estate undertook a rationalisation programme between 2016 and 2017 of its 

real estate service providers, following a period of rapid expansion that resulted in the 

use of more than 28 different managing agents. Following a comprehensive tender 

process, these managing agents were reduced to two international real estate service 

providers, reducing the operational risk of managing a large number of agents. As part 

of the tender process, the providers were required to comply with the Modern Slavery 

Act 2015 and our Group policy and statement, and we hold quarterly review meetings 

to ensure compliance and relevant control processes.  

Our supply chain




www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,socialandgovernancereport2017 Prudentialplc

25





Technology   

Innovating in our digital proposition is key to driving 

the long-term success of our business.  Digital 

capabilities enable us to serve customers more quickly 

and more directly, manage risk in new ways and make 

better and faster decisions when investing our 

customers’ money. At the same time, we are constantly 

working to identify risks to our business from new 

technology and to mitigate those risks


Prudential plc Environmental, social and governance report 2017 

www.prudential.co.uk

26

Digital innovation 

Emerging technologies enable us to 

provide financial protection to previously 

unreachable communities and deliver 

better, more efficient outcomes for our 

customers. They help us to provide better 

customer service that gives customers 

what they want when they want it, 

delivered to them through channels that 

suit their needs and their fast-changing 

expectations. They also provide us with 

new and better tools for managing risk and 

enable us, as asset managers and asset 

owners, to make faster and better decisions 

about how and where to invest.

During 2017 we made some important 

improvements to our digital capabilities. 

Prudential Singapore launched PRU 

Fintegrate, a collaboration with fintech 

startups to co-develop innovative financial 

solutions, simple interfaces and seamless 

experiences for customers. In China, our 

use of the WeChat mobile platform has 

reduced the length of the policy application 

process from five days to just 30 minutes. 

M&amp;G Prudential began using BlackRock’s 

Aladdin platform, which helps to simplify 

reporting systems, increase innovation and 

encourage further growth in our asset 

management businesses, and Eastspring 

and PPM America will also benefit from 

Aladdin. Our business in Vietnam launched 

PruBot, available on its corporate website, 

which provides customers with 24/7 

support by answering queries related to 

products and services and helping them 

schedule appointments with financial 

consultants. These are just some examples 

of how we are using new technology to 

improve our service to our customers and 

strengthen our business.

We continue to look for new avenues to 

improve our internal operations. Artificial 

intelligence (AI) is key to this. In 2017, we 

developed and piloted a real-time chatbot 

within M&amp;G Prudential, as an easier-to-

use, self-service way for our customers to 

access stored information. AskHR and 

Alkanza, systems used internally to access 

personal information during customer 

interactions, piloted in our Asian 

businesses in 2017, are two other ways we 

have used AI to improve our operational 

models. M&amp;G Prudential is working with a 

third party to understand how customer 

needs can be considered in the 

development of an AI product. 

In 2016 we published our cloud adoption 

strategy, outlining our commitment to the 

use of cloud across the Group, and during 

2017 we made significant progress towards 

fully achieving that goal, primarily focusing 

on our UK business and its data centres. 

Our software development teams migrated 

to cloud and we are in the process of 

migrating the remainder of the Group to 

Microsoft Office 365.

Managing our evolving cyber risks

New technologies also bring new 

concerns, in particular cyber risks, which 

can pose threats to our business operations 

and the customer data that we hold and 

protect. Cyber risk remains a prominent 

concern and focus area for regulators and 

businesses globally, and could have a 

significant impact on business continuity, 

our customer relationships and our brand 

reputation. We closely monitor and 

respond to developments in this area, 

to ensure that we can maximise the 

benefits of new technology while 

minimising the risks.

Our cyber strategy is constantly evolving to 

anticipate and respond to the advances 

being made in the technologies we use and 

the threats we face. Our Group-wide Cyber 

Risk Management Strategy sets out three 

core objectives: to develop a 

comprehensive situational awareness of 

our business in cyberspace; to engage and 

disrupt cyber attackers proactively to 

minimise the harm they could pose to our 

business; and to enable the business to 

grow confidently and safely in cyberspace.

Our businesses manage the delivery of our 

Cyber Risk Management Strategy within 

their regional contexts and execution is 

monitored and driven at a Group level by 

our Cyber Defence Plan. This consists of a 

number of workstreams, including 

foundations, situational awareness, cyber 

operations, digital alignment and increased 

cyber oversight.

Our Group Information Security 

Committee governs the execution of the 

Cyber Defence Plan and reports on 

delivery against the plan and more 

generally on cyber risks to the Group 

Executive Risk Committee. Overall, our 

cyber risk is monitored by our Group Risk 

Committee, a committee of the Board. The 

Board receives periodic updates on cyber 

risk management throughout the year.

Developments in our cyber risk 

management

In 2017 the Group Cyber Oversight and 

Assurance team developed a new 

Group-Wide Cyber Assurance framework. 

This approach, based on standards such 

as the National Institute of Standards and 

Technology Cyber Security Framework, 

drew on information from monthly metric 

collection, bi-annual assurance reviews, 

annual attestations to policy and output-

based exercises and simulations. The 

framework provides a data-driven 

understanding of the capabilities and 

performance of Security across the Group. 

The roll-out began in 2017, with full 

implementation due in 2018. 

In order to better support the Board in 

understanding and managing our cyber 

risk profile, the Group Information Risk and 

Security team performed a review of our 

security management information in 2017 

to redefine our key performance indicators 

used to measure the success of our Group 

Cyber Risk Management Strategy. The 

KPIs were designed to measure our 

success in the protection of our 

information, staff understanding of their 

responsibilities in protecting our 

information and systems, how we manage 

associated threats and the access to our 

information and systems. 

Our Group-wide policies and standards for 

information and cyber security were 

refreshed in 2017 to reflect the rapid 

advance in cyber threats. This resulted in 

new controls definitions and guidance for 

cloud security to support secure growth 

across the businesses, as well as building 

on the existing third-party assurance 

programmes to deliver standardisation 

across the Group.

The Group’s understanding of the cyber 

threats we face and the ability of our 

businesses to protect and mitigate against 

these threats continue to grow. We believe 

that knowledge-sharing across our 

businesses is key to this continuing growth 

and, in light of this, during 2017 our Group 

Cyber Threat Intelligence team supported 

the introduction of a Group-wide threat 

intelligence sharing and analysis platform, 

as well as improved regional cyber threat 

intelligence capabilities. In addition to this 

platform, our cyber experts and forum 

representatives from across the businesses 

hold weekly calls to raise awareness of 

programme developments and share 

innovations and developments. 

Technology 


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,socialandgovernancereport2017 Prudentialplc

27

2017 highlights

In Asia, the focus of our 2017 cyber 

programmes has been on automating 

security processes – for example around 

identity and access management and 

automating the capture of security metrics. 

Other areas of automation included a pilot 

using behavioural analytics capabilities on 

user advanced browser protection. 

Jackson has just concluded a three-year 

security programme transformation with 

the introduction of an updated security 

strategy. This was also the first full 

operational year for the Jackson Threat 

Assessment Centre, which delivers 

enhanced monitoring and response 

capabilities to the business. 

Within our UK &amp; Europe business, an 

initiative was begun in 2017 to further 

develop our cyber risk management 

practices, including hiring a new Chief 

Information Security Officer and 

commencing a formal cyber risk 

management review programme. The 

business is also focusing on further 

developing our internal awareness, 

co-ordination and handling capabilities 

with regard to cyber threat intelligence. 

Data privacy 

In 2017, a key priority has been the update 

of our Group privacy policies and the 

related governance structures and control 

environments in reference to the upcoming  

General Data Protection Regulation 

(GDPR), due to come into force on 25 May 

2018. The GDPR is aimed at strengthening 

and unifying data protection for all 

individuals within the European Union. 

We will report further on this in our 2018 

ESG reporting

A Group Privacy Office is being created to 

own the Group Privacy Policy and maintain 

oversight of privacy compliance. It will 

ensure consistency of approach across the 

Group, as well as co-ordination, and 

provide a point of escalation for resolving 

data privacy issues across our businesses. 

This Office will manage a programme to 

implement the standards required for the 

GDPR, and training and awareness 

programmes to ensure all relevant 

personnel understand their individual 

responsibilities regarding personal data.






Prudential plc Environmental, social and governance report 2017 

www.prudential.co.uk

28





Valuing our people 

An inclusive working environment, where we 

continually develop our talent, reward great 

performance, protect our people and value our 

differences, is key in delivering outstanding results  

for our customers, shareholders and communities


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,socialandgovernancereport2017 Prudentialplc

29



Diversity and inclusion 

We believe that diversity of experience and 

background is vital to success, both today 

and in the future. The Board has made 

diversity and inclusion (D&amp;I) one of our 

strategic objectives. Tim Rolfe, Group HR 

Director, is the executive sponsor across 

the Group, with Nic Nicandrou, Chief 

Executive of Prudential Corporation Asia, 

acting as the Board member accountable 

for D&amp;I work. 

Our Group D&amp;I Policy is aimed at providing 

equal opportunities to all, fostering an 

environment in which each employee is 

treated with dignity and respect, and 

ensuring that we have an appropriate 

diversity of skillsets and backgrounds to 

leverage the unique strengths of each 

person for our continued success. It 

supports an inclusive culture, where all our 

employees are protected against 

discrimination and provided with 

opportunities regardless of their age, caring 

responsibilities, disability status, ethnicity, 

gender, religion, sexual orientation, 

professional, social, educational or cultural 

background, or employment contract type. 

The policy requires that our businesses have 

effective approaches in place to comply with 

local regulation, provide equality of 

opportunity and encourage our suppliers to 

promote equality of opportunity, and 

harness D&amp;I to help the organisation 

perform to its full potential. All our 

businesses, including Group Head Office, 

are required to report regularly to Group HR 

on their compliance with the policy. 

We aspire that over time our senior 

management better represents the 

experiences and backgrounds of our 

customers and stakeholders. We recognise 

that diversity not only contributes to Board 

effectiveness but is essential for 

successfully delivering the strategy of an 

international Group. The Board is 

committed to recruiting the best available 

talent and appointing the most appropriate 

candidate for each role, while at the same 

time ensuring appropriate diversity of 

experience, skillsets and professional 

backgrounds. For more information on 

diversity  within our Board, please refer to 

page 97 of the Governance section within 

the Annual Report. 

We have a strategic, long-term approach to 

D&amp;I and the Board monitors progress 

regularly. We invest in targeted activity 

across 10 priority areas, ranging from 

unconscious bias training and mentoring to 

supporting our affinity groups and working 

with schools and universities. Across our 

businesses, our commitment to D&amp;I is 

supported by initiatives such as reviews of 

pay, performance management 

consistency, providing training to staff, 

engaging with recruitment firms and 

awareness campaigns to diversify the pool 

of potential candidates. 

For example, in 2017, 268 senior managers 

and executives from our businesses in Asia, 

the US and the UK participated in 

unconscious bias workshops. We 

sponsored Dive In, the D&amp;I festival in 

insurance and the financial sector, which 

took place in 17 countries in the Americas, 

Asia, Africa, the Middle East and Europe, 

and we published the first Group-wide D&amp;I 

newsletter for all employees.

We are committed to supporting women 

who aim to return to work after an 

extended career break. In 2017, Eastspring 

in Malaysia launched the ‘Career 

Comeback for Women’ programme and 

Jackson sponsored a 10-stop national 

speaking tour focusing on women’s 

empowerment. As part of our broader 

diversity agenda, at M&amp;G Prudential 57 

employees qualified as mental health 

first-aiders and M&amp;G Real Estate was 

awarded the National Equality Standard. In 

Africa the Prudential Actuarial Support 

System supports the top 10 actuarial 

graduates in Ghana and the top three in 

Kenya, helping them with exam fees. In 

addition to the established Prudential 

Women’s Network and M&amp;G Pride (for 

LGBT employees and allies), several new 

affinity group networks launched focusing 

on mental health, disability and cultural 

awareness. 

We were part of the first cohort of 

companies to sign the HM Treasury 

Women in Finance Charter in 2016. In 

2017, we carefully monitored progress 

against our target of 30 per cent of women 

in senior management by the end of 2021 

and our aim to have 27 per cent women in 

senior management by the end of 2019. 

See below for the gender breakdown of 

our workforce for 2017. 

Gender diversity: All employees

Headcount

Total

Male

Female

Undisclosed2

Unspecified3

Chairman &amp; Independent 

Non-executive Directors

9

=

8

1

Executive Directors

6

=

5

1

Group Executive 

Committee (GEC)

Includes Executive 

Directors

11

=

10

1

Senior managers

Excludes the Chairman, 

all directors and GEC 

members

92

=

69

23

Whole company1 

full time equivalent

Includes the Chairman, 

all directors, 

GEC members and 

senior managers

24,711

= 11,777

12,864

23

47

Notes

1 Excludes Prudential Corporation Asia joint ventures

2 In many of our businesses, we provide our employees with the option to not disclose their gender. For these employees, 

gender is recorded as ‘undisclosed’.

3 No specification or information is captured on gender for an immaterial number of our employees. These employees are 

recorded as ‘unspecified’.

2017

2012

2017

Female

Male

2012

25%

17%

75%

83%

Gender diversity: Senior management


Prudential plc Environmental, social and governance report 2017 

www.prudential.co.uk

30



Responsible working practices

We believe in supporting human rights and 

acting responsibly and with integrity in 

everything we do. Our policies are guided 

by the principles of the UN’s Universal 

Declaration of Human Rights and the 

International Labour Organisation’s core 

labour standards. These are also 

incorporated into our Group Code of 

Business Conduct, which sets out the 

Group values and expected standards 

of behaviour for all employees, and in 

our Group Outsourcing and Third Party 

Supply Policy.

Our Group Employee Relations and 

Resourcing polices are available on our 

Group website, along with our Board-

approved Modern Slavery Act (MSA) 

statement, Our Business Units implement 

policies and practices at a local level that 

aim to ensure compliance with statutory 

and regulatory requirements in the local 

labour market and the prevention of 

slavery, human trafficking, and child and 

forced labour. Compliance with Group 

policies is certified annually through our 

Group Governance Manual certification 

process. Additionally, we have an 

independent, externally hosted 

whistleblowing website and hotline 

system, Speak Out, which allows 

individuals to raise concerns and seek 

guidance on a broad range of issues (see 

page 10 of this report).

Talent development

People development is essential to 

delivering our strategy. The quality of 

leadership across the Group is fundamental 

to the future growth and success of the 

business and we therefore review our 

talent annually and offer a range of 

programmes that enable our people to 

continue to grow and develop. The 

majority of our programmes are managed 

by our Business Units, while Group Human 

Resources focuses on tailored programmes 

for senior leaders across the organisation, 

succession planning for senior roles and 

development of our leadership talent 

pipeline. We invest in succession planning 

for our leaders and critical specialists and 

segment our talent to identify short, 

medium and long-term successors. We 

support them with the appropriate 

development and career planning to 

ensure that we maintain a relevant balance 

of internal progression and external hires. 

Individually tailored development offerings 

are provided for our most senior executives 

so they are well prepared to deliver the 

long-term ambitions of the Group. 

In 2017, 120 senior high-potential 

individuals participated in our established 

and well respected  Group-wide leadership 

development programmes ‘Impact’ and 

‘Agility’ and the ‘Next Generation’ 

emerging talent programme. These 

programmes were developed in 

partnership with world-leading academic 

institutions and co-delivered with business 

school thought leaders. Within our 

businesses there are many examples of our 

continuing commitment to talent 

development. In 2015 we launched a 

Group-wide Long-Term Workforce 

Planning Initiative, which has progressed in 

2016 and 2017. For example, in 2017 

Prudential Corporation Asia deployed 

strategic workforce planning to predict the 

capabilities required to ensure our 

continued success, utilising a succession-

driven talent strategy to build the next 

generation of leaders with the capabilities 

we require. In the US, Jackson offers 

customised on-premises programmes, as 

well as access to an online university, to 

meet the personal and professional 

development needs of employees with all 

levels of experience. 

M&amp;G Prudential supports talent 

development through a range of 

development programmes to increase 

personal and organisational capability, 

alongside bespoke development support 

for key individuals. GHO provides 

innovative programmes designed in 

partnership with top academic institutions 

and industry experts – focused on early 

career development, leadership 

development and opportunities to develop 

a strategic and innovation mindset through 

varied career experiences and projects.

Employee engagement

We want to foster an environment in 

which employees can derive meaning and 

empowerment from their work and feel 

that they are making an active contribution 

to the organisation. We drive employee 

engagement through an array of initiatives, 

including colleague appreciation 

programmes, wellbeing programmes, 

networking opportunities with peers 

and senior leaders across functions, 

employee focus groups and volunteering 

activities with charitable causes, such as 

M&amp;G Prudential’s partnerships with 

numerous schools. Each of our businesses 

manages its own activities in this area, 

including employee engagement surveys, 

regular employee open forums with 

senior management and away days 

to discuss business performance and 

internal management. 

Our businesses, including Group Head 

Office, have processes and, where 

appropriate, a policy in place for engaging 

with employees. Reporting to Group HR is 

required on jurisdiction-specific or 

sector-specific trends and developments in 

certain areas. For any significant issues that 

are likely to impact either positively or 

negatively on our reputation as an 

employer – at both business and Group 

level – immediate reporting to Group HR is 

required. In addition, our businesses in the 

UK have a longstanding relationship with 

the union Unite. We also encourage 

volunteering through which our employees 

can support our communities and acquire 

new skills. See page 36 for further details.

The success of our engagement efforts has 

been recognised externally. In 2017 M&amp;G 

Investments was ranked number one Asset 

Manager in both the HITC Best Places to 

work and the RateMyPlacement Top 100 

employers surveys. 

Prudential women in cyber

Diversity of experience, thought and background is a vital component of a successful 

security team. One of our initiatives started in 2017 was the launch of the Prudential 

Women in Cyber forum, to promote a platform for women in cyber security to come 

together, collaborate, discuss experiences and knowledge and provide support and 

profile-raising. Two events were held in 2017, with more planned for 2018. 

There was also success in recruitment for the new Group Information Risk and 

Security team. In 2017, 57 per cent of the new staff hired into the Group team were 

female, reaffirming the position that diverse talent exists within the industry and can 

be recruited when the right environment exists and the right approach is adopted. 

Valuing our people 


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,socialandgovernancereport2017 Prudentialplc

31

Performance and reward  

Our reward arrangements are designed to 

attract, motivate and retain high-calibre 

people. Each individual contributes to the 

success of the Group and is rewarded 

accordingly. We recognise and reward high 

performance and are committed to a fair 

and transparent system of reward. Our UK 

businesses have recently reported their 

2017 UK gender pay gap data and details 

can be found on the Group’s website. We 

have a policy and carry out procedures to 

ensure that where men and women 

perform similar roles, they are paid equally. 

However, the gender pay gaps 

demonstrate the demographic profile of 

the business (and the financial services 

sector more widely): there is a greater 

proportion of males in more senior and 

front-office roles and a greater proportion 

of females in more junior, support and 

back-office non-finance roles. All the 

Group’s businesses are working on 

initiatives to increase the proportion of 

women in senior management and 

operating roles as part of the Group’s 

strategic focus on diversity and inclusion.

Remuneration is linked to the delivery of 

business goals and expected behaviours 

and we ensure that rewards for our people 

are consistent with our values and do not 

incentivise inappropriate risk-taking. To 

enable this, employees are not only regularly 

assessed on ‘what’ they have achieved, but 

also on ‘how’ they have done so. 

There are recognition initiatives running 

across our businesses, such as the Jackson 

High Five Recognition Program, which 

allows individuals to recognise when their 

colleagues perform exceptionally, and the 

Prudential Stars awards at Group Head 

Office, where individuals can nominate 

their colleagues to recognise examples of 

exceptional contributions, specifically in 

the areas of delivering synergy, adding 

value, fostering innovation, demonstrating 

stakeholder focus and maintaining risk 

awareness. We also believe in the 

importance of giving employees the 

opportunity to benefit from the Group’s 

success through share ownership, and 

operate share plans for employees in the 

UK and Asia. This includes PruSharePlus, 

which enables employees in Asia to share 

in the longer-term success of the business, 

and actively encourages share ownership 

and engagement. Of eligible employees, 

59 per cent participate in the Group’s UK 

Sharesave scheme and 25 per cent in the 

Share Incentive Plans.

Executive remuneration 

Prudential’s executive remuneration 

arrangements reward the achievement of 

Group, business, functional and personal 

targets, provided that performance is 

aligned to the Group’s risk framework and 

appetites and that our conduct 

expectations, as well as those of our 

regulators and other stakeholders, are met. 

The structure of Executive Directors’ 

remuneration is similar to that of other 

senior employees in the Group and 

Executive Directors’ recent salary 

increases have been aligned with the 

bottom of the range of pay budgets for the 

wider workforce. To strengthen the 

alignment between Executive Directors 

and our shareholders, 40 per cent of 

Executive Directors’ bonus is deferred in 

shares for three years, Executive Directors 

are required to meet shareholding 

guidelines and, from awards made in 2017, 

a two-year holding period applies to 

long-term incentive awards in addition to 

the three-year performance period. The 

Group’s performance in 2017 built on the 

momentum achieved in recent years and 

bonuses awarded to Executive Directors 

for 2017 and the long-term incentive 

awards to be released to Executive 

Directors reflect this performance. Our 

detailed Directors’ Remuneration Report 

can be found in the Annual Report.

Protecting the health, safety and 

wellbeing of our people

We recognise the importance of managing 

the health, safety and wellbeing of our 

employees, and of controlling the level of 

health and safety risk to which our 

employees, suppliers, customers and 

visitors are exposed. We are committed to 

ensuring compliance with health and safety 

legislation and standards to which all our 

businesses are subject and have adopted a 

Group-wide policy that applies to all of our 

companies, locations and activities. The 

policy can be found here. As part of our 

Group Governance Manual, all our 

operational entities are required to report 

annually on their management 

arrangements for health and safety, 

including control measures for identified 

risks such as fire, electricity, computer 

work stations and driving on company 

business, and share opportunities for 

improvement across our Business Units. 

We seek accreditation where relevant to 

help us manage health and safety across 

our occupied estate and to drive 

improvements. For example, our UK 

property estate is certified to the 

occupational health and safety standard 

OHSAS 18001. 

We also require our businesses to report 

working lost days due to work-related 

injuries (excluding the day of the accident 

or illness, modelled on US OSHA) and any 

fatalities. During 2017, no fatalities were 

recorded (2016: zero) and six accidents 

were recorded, resulting in 38 days of lost 

time (one each in the UK, Singapore and 

Zambia and three in the US). Lost-time 

injuries are relatively rare, given the 

office-based nature of our operations. 

Investigations were carried out locally for 

these accidents and corrective actions 

established where considered appropriate. 

Our Business Units are active in wellbeing 

programmes. For example, Jackson has an 

established programme including the 

provision of telemedicine virtual healthcare 

to colleagues’ desks, an Employee 

Assistance Programme, and healthy eating 

and fitness initiatives, including an on-site 

gym. In the UK, our Group Head Office has 

an active wellbeing programme, PruThrive, 

with popular personal resilience workshops, 

cholesterol testing, better sleep sessions 

and, newly introduced in 2017, a mental 

health first-aider programme.   








Prudential plc Environmental, social and governance report 2017 

www.prudential.co.uk

32

Supporting our 

communities

Alongside our role as a global life insurer and asset 

manager, we have a wider role to play in the broader 

sustainable development agenda, such as building 

financial literacy and improving financial inclusion


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,socialandgovernancereport2017 Prudentialplc

33

Our community investment strategy is 

closely aligned with our business objectives 

and with our stakeholders’ concerns and 

interests, aiming to protect and encourage 

more sustainable and resilient communities. 

Our programme is focused around four 

principal areas: social inclusion, financial 

education and life skills, disaster 

preparedness, and employee engagement.

Long-term community programmes

We establish long-term relationships with 

our charity partners. Our programmes vary 

according to the needs and culture of each 

region and we provide support to 

charitable organisations through both 

funding and the experience and expertise 

of our employees.

Our operating model allows each of our 

businesses, which are closest to our 

customers and other stakeholders, to 

manage their activities within the framework 

of a consistent, Group-wide approach. In 

order to guide our businesses to actively 

support their communities in line with our 

strategy, we have in place a Group 

Community Investment Policy. This policy 

outlines the minimum standards expected 

of our community investment programmes:  

 

— The strategy should have a strong 

emphasis on one or more of social and 

welfare, education (with particular 

emphasis on financial education) and 

cultural activities;

 

— The Business Unit should take account 

of the cultural, economic and social 

needs and sensitivities of the 

communities in which it operates, as 

well as its own business objectives;

 

— The Business Unit may use cash 

contributions, cash-in-kind 

contributions or voluntary time 

commitment by personnel as an 

investment in the community;

 

— If it complements the business culture 

of the Business Unit, employees should 

be encouraged to become involved in 

community investment programmes to 

deliver added value for both the 

communities and the employees in 

terms of personal or professional 

development;

 

— Wherever possible, community 

investment projects should enable 

appropriate skills to be transferred to 

partnering organisations to help expand 

their capabilities; and

 

— The strategy should take account of 

the broader reputational impact on 

the Group.

The policy clearly prohibits certain 

investments, such as political expenditures 

and contributions to religious organisations 

whose principal aim is to propagate a 

particular faith. Community investment 

metrics aligned to the London 

Benchmarking Group guidelines are used 

by Group Head Office to monitor our 

progress, including the value of cash and 

in-kind contributions, employee 

volunteering and the outcomes of 

community investment. 

We believe corporate responsibility is best 

managed on the ground by the people 

running our businesses in our respective 

markets. M&amp;G Prudential and Jackson 

have governance committees in place, with 

senior management representation, which 

regularly review all community investment 

activity and agree strategy and spend. In 

Asia, the Prudence Foundation has been 

established as a unified charitable platform 

to align and maximise the impact of 

community efforts across the region. The 

Foundation is governed by a statutory 

Board of Directors. In our new markets in 

Africa, community investment is overseen 

and managed by Group Head Office and all 

initiatives are vetted and approved as part 

of the annual review process.

The Prudential plc Board regularly reviews 

the Group’s community investment 

performance and scrutinises and approves 

the strategy on an annual basis. Paul 

Manduca, Chairman of Prudential plc, is 

the Board sponsor for corporate 

responsibility. It was agreed in December 

2016 that the Material Subsidiary Boards 

would oversee Business Unit corporate 

responsibility initiatives in future. All 

Business Units now submit comprehensive 

Board Reports to the Subsidiary Board and 

to the Prudential plc Board annually 

providing detailed information on major 

strategic initiatives. 



Cha-Ching – Jackson Charitable Foundation

In the US, the Jackson Charitable Foundation has introduced Cha-Ching nationally in 

a partnership with Discovery Education, which is expected to reach more than 

one million students across the country and Junior Achievement USA, which will 

integrate Cha-Ching into its third-grade classroom programme. Junior Achievement’s 

Cha-Ching programme is funded by Jackson for six years and is expected to reach 

approximately 2.7 million students in 15,000 classrooms throughout the country. The 

partnership with Discovery Education is aimed at supporting educators and includes 

classroom activities and teacher guides and had reached more than 500,000 

students, teachers and parents across the country by the end of 2017. 




Prudential plc Environmental, social and governance report 2017 

www.prudential.co.uk

34



Our community investment 

performance

We monitor community investment 

activities across the Group and review our 

programmes to ensure they are fit for 

purpose. Our corporate responsibility goes 

well beyond pure charitable cash donations 

and has evolved to focus on strategic, 

long-term programmes as well as significant 

in-kind support, including staff volunteering. 

In 2017, the Group spent £25 million 

supporting community activities. The 

direct cash donations to charitable 

organisations amounted to £19.2 million, 

of which approximately £4.9 million came 

from our UK &amp; Europe operations. The 

remaining £14.3 million was contributed 

to charitable organisations by Jackson, 

Prudential Corporation Asia and 

Prudential Africa.

The cash contribution to charitable 

organisations from our UK &amp; Europe 

operations is broken down as follows: 

education £2,971,000; social, welfare and 

environment £1,861,000; and cultural 

£62,000. The balance includes in-kind 

donations as set out on our website. This 

included employees who dedicated 96,493 

hours of volunteer service in their 

communities. Furthermore, over £412,375 

was donated across the Group by our 

employees through our payroll giving 

scheme. Our 2017 community investment 

reporting is assured by Deloitte LLP. 

Further information and Deloitte’s 

assurance statement can be found here.

2017 highlights

In the past five years, Prudential 

RideLondon has raised over £50 million for 

charity and become one of the UK’s largest 

fundraising events. In 2017, over 800 

charities benefited from riders’ fundraising, 

up from 740 in 2016. For the second year 

running, almost £500,000 was raised as a 

result of fundraising from Prudential rider 

places by our charity partners and our 

employees in 2017.

Prudential has sponsored the event since 

inception in 2013 and, as part of our 

renewal of the sponsorship in 2016, we 

decided to refocus support to concentrate 

on charity and community engagement. 

The PruGOals programme helps young 

people to achieve their goals regardless of 

social or economic background by 

providing aspirational challenges, 

culminating in taking on the Prudential 

RideLondon Surrey 46. In 2017 this 

programme supported 260 disadvantaged 

young people to take part in the Prudential 

RideLondon Surrey 46.  

Developed by Prudential, Cha-Ching is the 

world’s only global financial education 

platform aimed at primary school-aged 

children. Now in its seventh year, the 

programme has expanded from its origins 

in Asia to each of the four continents where 

the Group does business. In each of the 

markets where it has been launched it has 

been extremely positively received, with 

strong feedback from parents, teachers, 

children and political stakeholders. 

In Asia, the programme reaches over 

34 million households a day through a 

multi-distribution platform including 

Cartoon Network, and through a school 

contact programme that has reached more 

than 300,000 children. In the US, the 

Jackson Charitable Foundation has 

introduced Cha-Ching nationally in a 

partnership with Discovery Education, 

which is expected to reach more than 

one million students across the country and 

Junior Achievement USA, which will 

integrate Cha-Ching into its third-grade 

classroom programme. In the UK, working 

with Young Enterprise, we have developed 

an online educational resource for primary 

school students in England and Wales that 

has enabled the Cha-Ching programme to 

be brought into the classroom. The Quality 

Marked teaching resource is linked to the 

Personal Finance Education Group’s 

Financial Education Framework and has 

guidance for teachers on how most 

effectively to integrate activities into their 

teaching, as well as activities for home-

learning. Since its launch in late 2016, the 

resource has been downloaded in more 

than 650 schools, reaching almost 40,000 

primary age children across the UK. The 

online educational resource has also been 

used to support the roll-out of the 

Cha-Ching programme across our African 

markets as part of a financial literacy 

campaign delivered jointly by Junior 

Achievement Africa and Prudential Africa 

employees. 

In our markets in Africa we have committed 

to provide support for academically able 

but financially disadvantaged high school 

students, and to help build capacity for 

training in actuarial sciences at local 

UK – Skills for Life programme

The Skills for Life programme aims to help pupils from disadvantaged backgrounds 

across London to develop new skills, grow in confidence, learn to work as a team and 

discover hidden talents and interests. 

Through a series of workshops over six months during 2017, Prudential volunteers 

from Group Head Office and M&amp;G Prudential acted as mentors, helping students 

enhance their professional and academic aspirations and increase their confidence 

and awareness of the paths open to them. Senior members of staff started each 

session with an inspirational insight into their career paths and volunteers provided 

guidance on networking, CV building, personal presentation skills and identification 

of interests and abilities.

As a result of the programme, 93 per cent of students said they felt they had the 

ability to write about their attributes and 90 per cent said they were more confident 

when working with new people.

Supporting our communities 




www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,socialandgovernancereport2017 Prudentialplc

35



universities. Prudential has worked with 

a number of charities operating in Ghana, 

Kenya, Uganda and Zambia to deliver the 

Prudential Scholarship programme with 

the aim of improving quality and access to 

education for all, and ensuring that 

everyone marginalised by society receives 

education, skills and support towards 

employability. We have already provided 

scholarships to more than 700 young 

people through this programme, and 

expect to reach over 1,000 more in 

the near future.

Since its inception, Prudence Foundation 

has had a clear focus on creating social 

value through building disaster 

preparedness capabilities in communities 

and maintaining disaster relief support in 

emergencies, with a focus on three key 

areas: advocacy, mass education and 

awareness, and capacity building. Natural 

disasters are a key issue in Asia, with over 

40 per cent of the world’s natural disasters 

happening in the region, making it the most 

disaster-prone area in the world3. 

While focusing on disaster preparedness 

and long-term recovery, Prudence 

Foundation also continues to undertake 

major emergency relief efforts across Asia. 

In 2017, we provided support in Vietnam, 

funding the repair of public schools 

following Typhoon Damrey, which 

resulted in mass flooding and the loss of 

over 100 lives in the Mekong region. We 

also completed our long-term commitment 

to the Typhoon Haiyan rebuilding recovery 

efforts in Bantayan Island, the Philippines, 

finishing the building of 126 new houses for 

two communities on the island. Over three 

years, the disaster-resilient houses were 

built with the participation of around 400 

Prudential volunteers from all our markets 

in Asia plus the UK, together with members 

of the Bantayan community. 

Prudence Foundation believes the 

private sector has an important role 

to play in strengthening community 

disaster resilience. While there is no 

simple solution, cooperation between 

civil society, government and the private 

sector is key to reducing human and 

economic loss. Accordingly, Prudence 

Foundation partners with CSR Asia to host 

the Disaster Preparedness Forum (DPF) 

in a selected city in Asia to advocate for 

greater and more strategic investment 

in disaster preparedness. 

Safe Steps – Enhancing disaster preparedness 

Launched in 2014, Prudence Foundation developed Safe Steps, a mass education 

programme for disaster preparedness in partnership with National Geographic and 

the International Federation of the Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies. Safe Steps 

is a first-of-its-kind, in terms of the reach and breadth of partnerships, pan-Asian 

public service initiative to enhance disaster preparedness and awareness through the 

communication of educational survival tips should a natural disaster occur. It is a 

multi-platform programme including on-air video messages, digital platforms and 

educational collateral that can be shared among communities. Core to the 

programme is a series of short videos that advise people on what they should do 

when disasters strike.

Since inception, Safe Steps has evolved beyond natural disasters to cover other 

topics that cause the unnecessary loss of lives. In 2016, to address the fact that 

1.2 million lives are lost on the roads every year1, Safe Steps Road Safety was 

launched with additional principal partner the Federation Internationale de 

l’Automobile. In 2017, Safe Steps First Aid was launched to provide essential, 

easy-to-understand first aid information to millions of people. This is to help prevent 

around 16,000 people losing their lives unnecessarily from injuries every day 

globally2. Both new Safe Steps programmes have also been well received in the 

region, with numerous partnerships formed with NGO, government and private 

sector organisations. Together with on-air television distribution and through all 

these partnerships, the Safe Steps programme reaches an estimate of more than 

200 million people a day.

Since 2013, Prudence Foundation has partnered with Plan International and Save the 

Children across the region in five countries to implement the Safe Schools 

programme. Safe Schools focuses on building the disaster risk reduction (DRR) 

capacity and skills of students, teachers and government so they are more prepared 

for, and resilient to, disasters. It is a global DRR programme overseen by the UN 

Office for Disaster Risk Reduction. In Asia, Safe Schools is also one of ASEAN’s DRR 

priority programmes. The programme focuses on three key pillars: ensuring robust 

school infrastructure; establishing active disaster management plans; and integrating 

DRR into the education curriculum. 



Fire drill exercise at a school in  

Phang Nga, Thailand


Prudential plc Environmental, social and governance report 2017 

www.prudential.co.uk

36



Since 2013 we have held four DPF forums: 

Jakarta in 2013, Manila in 2014, Hanoi in 

2015 and Bangkok in 2017. More than 

600 participants have participated, 

representing various stakeholders from 

all sectors. 

The DPF provides a unique platform for 

dialogue and exchange of ideas between all 

sectors’ participants. White papers are also 

published based on key findings and 

learnings from the forums, which illustrate 

how cross-sector partnerships can 

effectively improve outcomes when the 

partners share vision, values and objectives.

The most recent DPF in Bangkok received 

positive comments from highly influential 

organisations involved when disasters 

happen, such as the United Nations Office 

for the Coordination of Humanitarian 

Affairs, with a representative saying the 

DPF “provided an opportunity to get a 

sense of the private sector narrative”, 

which the organisation does not usually 

engage with. Further, the DPF also helped 

private-sector participants provide “good 

arguments to take back into the company 

reinforcing the importance of our work” in 

disaster preparedness.

In 2017, Prudential staff volunteered 

96,493 hours of their time to community 

projects. Around the world, 8,500 

colleagues – more than 30 per cent of our 

workforce – took part in our flagship 

international volunteering programme, the 

Chairman’s Challenge, volunteering more 

than 35,000 hours to support 30 projects.

2018 – Expanding and developing

In 2018, we will extend the Cha-Ching 

curriculum across schools in Asia, as well as 

continuing to expand the programme in all 

our markets, including the US, the UK and 

Africa, to promote greater financial literacy.  

In 2018, building on the success of the 2017 

PruGOals programme, developed with 

Teach First and Greenhouse Sports, we 

have expanded the programme’s reach to 

work in partnership with three further 

charities: Centrepoint, The Transformation 

Trust and Dame Kelly Holmes Trust. We 

will support 500 young people to take part 

in PruGOals, providing opportunities to 

develop new skills and build resilience and 

greater aspiration with a challenging but 

achievable goal. The programme is 

nationwide and inclusive, with young 

people taking part from all backgrounds 

right across the UK.  

Africa – Prudential Scholarship Programme

Through the Prudential Scholarship Programme with Plan International Ghana and 

MyBnk, young people are able to extend their education for longer than they would 

typically be able to, due to social and economic circumstances. The scholarship 

programme provides bursaries for academically able but financially disadvantaged 

high school students. As part of the programme, Prudential Ghana’s employees 

volunteered to teach lessons to participants on budgeting, banking, saving and 

insurance. The lessons, called My Money, were designed by the financial literacy 

charity My Bnk and co-delivered with Plan International Ghana and Prudential 

employees during a series of workshops held at summer school for 140 students.

The lessons were designed to equip senior high school pupils with the skills and 

knowledge to manage their money now and in the future. Interactive sessions 

included group work and role play, to help students learn about how to prioritise their 

spending, the importance of saving money and options available to them. Students 

developed a business plan, incorporating their ideas and new skills in marketing, 

strategy and budgeting. The aim of the programme is to ensure that the most 

marginalised students are able to complete their secondary school education and to 

leave them better prepared for adult life and employment, with a greater level of 

financial literacy.  



Supporting our communities 

Notes

1 Source: World Health Organisation.

2 Source: IFRC.

3 Source: Asia Pacific Disaster Report 2015, UN ESCAP.


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,socialandgovernancereport2017 Prudentialplc

37


Prudential public limited company

Incorporated and registered in 

England and Wales

Registered office

Laurence Pountney Hill

London EC4R 0HH

Registered number 1397169

Principal place of business 

in Hong Kong

13th Floor

One International Finance Centre

1 Harbour View Street

Central

Hong Kong

www.prudential.co.uk

Prudential plc is a holding company, 

subsidiaries of which are authorised 

and regulated, as  applicable, by the 

Prudential Regulation Authority and 

the Financial Conduct Authority.

 

Designed by FleishmanHillard Fishburn

