
HK Stock Code: 2378

Prudential plc

For the long term

Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018












Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 

www.prudential.co.uk

 

Page

Foreword 

1

Generating long-term value

2

M&amp;GPrudential demerger – creating two distinct businesses 

3

About this report 

4

Engaging with our stakeholders

5

Customers

6

Responsible investment 

9

Business integrity

13

People

15

Our supply chain

19

Technology 

21

Environmental performance

25

Supporting our communities 

29

Contents


www.prudential.co.uk 

Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 Prudential plc 1

That clear sense of purpose flows into everything we do, from the 

services we create and the way we deliver them to our customers, 

to how we plan our investments on their behalf and how we 

engage with our people and our suppliers.

We support that purpose through strong values. Ownership, 

partnership and stewardship are at the heart of how we do things.

Ownership means that all of us at Prudential are required to treat 

our business as if we had created it ourselves, to escape our silos 

and see the broader landscape, and to take responsibility for 

our actions. 

Partnership is about building an open, collaborative approach, 

working with the best people internally and externally to develop 

new ideas and ways of working to meet the future needs of 

our customers.

Stewardship is the recognition of our responsibility as long-term 

custodians committed to leaving our business – and the wider 

world – in a better state than when we arrived.

Our Environmental, Social and Governance Report provides 

a window on how we are fulfilling our purpose and applying 

those values across our organisation. This report demonstrates 

the positive, purpose-driven way we are approaching our key 

responsibilities, and provides an update on the advances we have 

made throughout 2018 in dealing with the main risks we face and 

addressing the opportunities before us. 

Our organisation is also going through an historic change as we 

work towards the demerger of M&amp;GPrudential from 

Prudential plc. This will result in the creation of two businesses 

that are both better able to deliver benefits to all their stakeholders. 

Within this report we share an update on our progress in 

establishing the new businesses and how we are working to 

successfully manage this crucial change. I am confident that, after 

the demerger, both of these businesses will continue to 

demonstrate ever-greater progress.



Mike Wells 

Group Chief Executive

At Prudential, we are clear about our purpose.  

Our business exists to help people de-risk their  

lives and deal with their biggest financial concerns. 

At the same time, we invest our customers’ savings  

in the real economy, helping to drive long-term, 

sustainable growth and deliver benefits to all our 

stakeholders and the communities in which we work.

Foreword




2 Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 

www.prudential.co.uk

Generating long-term value

Prudential helps customers manage the uncertainty in the unexpected events 

in life. We offer financial peace of mind for our customers, whether that’s 

saving for a child’s education, starting a family or planning for retirement, 

and we provide them with increased confidence as they face the future. 

We invest our customers’ money in the real economy, supporting growth 

and strengthening communities, while delivering consistent and growing 

returns for our investors. 

About 40 million Americans are expected to reach retirement 

age over the next decade alone. At the same time, 72 per cent 

of American workers do not have access to a defined benefit 

retirement plan. Our retirement income products are designed 

to help customers avoid running out of money and provide 

them with a reliable cushion against volatile markets.

United States

M&amp;GPrudential helps customers in the UK and Europe to meet 

their financial goals, managing the long-term savings of millions 

of people through a range of investment solutions. As well as 

serving retail customers, we manage the savings of millions of 

corporate and public sector pension scheme members. With 

£342 billion in assets under management, M&amp;GPrudential is 

a major investor in the UK and global economy. 

UK &amp; Europe

We are developing our businesses in our newer markets in 

Africa, which is one of the world’s most underserved life 

markets. We have insurance operations in five markets in 

Africa – Ghana, Kenya, Nigeria, Uganda and Zambia – and will 

expand further in West Africa after acquiring a majority stake 

in a leading life insurer operating in Cameroon, Côte d’Ivoire 

and Togo. 

Africa

We are continuing to develop and expand our products, 

distribution capabilities and footprint to meet the evolving 

needs of our customers. A large and increasingly wealthy 

population in Asia, with low levels of insurance and asset 

management coverage, is creating a huge and fast-growing 

market for our health, protection and savings products.

Asia

We recognise that, as a global organisation operating in Asia, 

the US, the UK and Europe and Africa, our impacts are far 

broader than the financial value we generate. To meet the 

needs of customers, investors, employees and communities 

across four continents, we have a strategy that is focused on 

both our financial operations and our non-financial impact:


www.prudential.co.uk 

Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 Prudential plc 3

M&amp;GPrudential demerger –  

creating two distinct businesses

In March 2018 we announced our intention to demerge our UK and European 

business, M&amp;GPrudential, from Prudential plc. On completion of the demerger, 

M&amp;GPrudential will be an independent, capital-efficient UK and Europe savings and 

investment provider. Prudential plc will be a leading international insurance group 

focused on high-growth opportunities in Asia, the US and Africa. Both businesses 

will be headquartered and premium-listed in London, and our existing shareholders 

will hold interests in both Prudential plc and M&amp;GPrudential.

We believe this important step will deliver long-term benefits to both businesses and 

to our shareholders, our customers, our colleagues and the communities we serve. 

Frequently asked questions

Prudential plc

M&amp;GPrudential

Prudential  

Corporation  

Asia

Chief Executive Officer: Mike Wells

Headquarters: London

Premium listing: London Stock Exchange

Other listings: Hong Kong (Primary), Singapore, New York

Chief Executive Officer: John Foley

Headquarters: London

Premium listing (intended): London Stock Exchange

Prudential UK &amp; Europe

M&amp;G Investments

Prudential  

Africa

Jackson  

What is the rationale for the demerger?

Following separation, M&amp;GPrudential will have more control 

over its business strategy and capital allocation. This will enable 

it to play a greater role in developing the savings and retirement 

markets in the UK and Europe through two of the financial sector’s 

most trusted brands, while Prudential plc will be able to focus on 

the attractive returns and growth potential of its market-leading 

businesses in Asia, the US and Africa.

How is the demerger progressing?

In preparation for the demerger, we have already completed 

a number of key steps, including:

 

— We announced that the Hong Kong Insurance Authority 

would be the Group-wide supervisor of Prudential plc after 

the demerger;

 

— We raised £1.6 billion of debt in September 2018. This debt 

issuance contained a substitution clause, allowing us to 

substitute M&amp;GPrudential for Prudential plc as the issuer; 

 

— We established a new holding company for M&amp;GPrudential and 

completed the transfer of the legal ownership of The Prudential 

Assurance Company Limited (M&amp;GPrudential’s UK-regulated 

insurance entity) and M&amp;G Group Limited to this company;

 

— We announced the independent Chair of M&amp;GPrudential in 

October 2018 and the appointment of three non-executive 

directors in March 2019; and

 

— We completed the transfer of the legal ownership of our 

Hong Kong insurance subsidiaries from The Prudential Assurance 

Company Limited to Prudential Corporation Asia Limited.


4 Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 

www.prudential.co.uk

This report provides a summary 

of Prudential plc’s environmental, social 

and governance (ESG) performance. The 

contents meet the ESG ‘comply or explain’ 

requirements under the Rules Governing 

Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange 

of Hong Kong Limited. More information 

on key topics, such as our tax strategy and 

corporate responsibility performance, can 

be found in our regular financial reports 

and stand-alone reports, available on 

our website. 

We aim to disclose our ESG management 

and performance as transparently as 

possible. The Group Audit Committee and 

the Board of Prudential plc have approved 

this report. In 2018 we considered and 

refreshed the material ESG issues on which 

the Group focuses to capture changes to 

the issues on which we report. This 

included identifying emerging ESG trends, 

risks and opportunities directly applicable 

to the Group and our stakeholders. The 

most significant resulting issues have been 

included in this report. 

Scope of the report

Information included in this report covers 

our activities in the 2018 calendar year, 

both at Group level and within our various 

operations globally, and does not include 

our joint venture partnerships.

Our approach to ESG 

As a global provider of savings and 

protection products, stewardship is core 

to what we do. We recognise that to help 

our customers look to the future with 

confidence, we need to take a long-term 

view on a wide range of issues that affect 

our business and the communities in which 

we operate. To do this, we maintain a 

proactive dialogue with our stakeholders 

– customers, investors, employees, 

communities, regulators and governments 

– to ensure that we are managing these 

issues sustainably and delivering long-term 

value. Further information on how we 

engage with our stakeholders can be 

found on page 5.

How we govern ESG 

The Board approved the establishment of 

our ESG Executive Committee (ESG ExCo) 

in 2018 to lead on how we identify, manage 

and report on material ESG risks. Our ESG 

sponsor, Jonathan Oliver (Group Executive 

Committee member), was nominated as 

Chair and is supported by senior leaders 

from Group Head Office across financial 

reporting, investor relations, risk, 

compliance, governance, investment and 

human resources. There is representation 

from our business units, provided by the 

Chief Investment Officers of our asset 

management businesses PPMA and 

Eastspring, M&amp;G’s Head of Corporate 

Finance and Stewardship and Jackson’s 

General Counsel. The ESG ExCo meets 

quarterly and is required to report to the 

Board at least twice each year, with 

additional ad hoc reporting provided as 

necessary. Our ESG ExCo is focused on the 

holistic assessment of ESG matters material 

to the Group, raising matters for Board 

decision-making and implementing 

resulting decisions, supporting the 

sustainable delivery of the Group’s 

strategy. Its principal responsibility is 

to oversee the implementation of the 

recommendations of the Financial Stability 

Board’s (FSB) Task Force on Climate-

related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).

Our Group Governance Manual sets out 

the policies and procedures by which the 

Group operates. For further information 

on our Group-wide policies relating to our 

material ESG issues, refer to the Corporate 

Responsibility Review pages of our 2018 

Annual Report and Accounts.

 Across the Group, we continually 

monitor developments in the environment 

in which we operate, to make sure that 

the ESG issues that are important to 

our stakeholders are understood and 

managed. We strive to meet the 

expectations of our stakeholders in 

a transparent and fair manner, and this 

is underpinned by our comprehensive 

identification process, which enables us to 

address our material ESG issues effectively 

and constructively.

Content of the report

Our key ESG issues can be categorised into 

the following areas: customers, responsible 

investment, business integrity, people, our 

supply chain, technology, environmental 

performance and supporting our 

communities. The order in which these 

are presented does not reflect any priority. 

Our material ESG issues correspond to the 

‘Aspects’ within the ESG Reporting Guide 

detailed under the Hong Kong Listing 

Rules. In addition to our material ESG 

issues, we have incorporated the Health 

and Safety aspect within the ‘People’ 

section of our report. The aspect is covered 

in reference to how we provide a safe 

working environment for our employees. 

There were no significant areas of 

non-compliance with relevant laws and 

regulations set out in the Hong Kong 

Listing Rules ESG reporting ‘Aspects’.

About this report


www.prudential.co.uk 

Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 Prudential plc 5

We engage with our stakeholders on 

a regular basis to inform the strategic 

decisions we make. Stakeholder groups 

include customers, employees, the wider 

supply chain, civic organisations, the media, 

institutional investors and regulators.

To reach a broad spectrum of stakeholders 

we use varied channels of communication, 

both through our local businesses and 

through our Group Head Office.

The table below summarises our global 

and local stakeholders, how we engage 

with them and their interest areas in 2018.

Engaging with our stakeholders

We recognise that our stakeholders are central to how we operate as a business.  

Through our engagement we are able to understand which ESG issues are important  

to them and how we should take on board their perspectives and incorporate them  

into our overall management. Feedback that we receive from our stakeholders supports  

how we ultimately govern ourselves, through policy and procedure. 

Stakeholder group

How does Prudential engage  

with these stakeholders?

Areas of interest raised by these 

stakeholders in 2018

Customers 

(including intermediaries)

Contact centre availability, face-to-face advice, 

annual statement dispatch, surveys, dedicated 

account managers, sales support units, 

business processing and servicing, telephone 

technical support teams.

Hold times when calling, service delivery, 

anti-money laundering requirements, difficulty 

in getting a new servicing agent, new business 

processing delays.

Investors

Website, half and full-year results, ESG Report, 

Annual Report, investor briefings, AGM, 

Chairman’s annual meeting with investors. 

Financial performance, integration of ESG within 

Group strategy and governance, customers, 

diversity and inclusion, cyber security and data 

privacy, responsible investment, climate risk and 

implementation of TCFD, and sustainable 

development agenda. 

Employees

(including contractors, 

potential recruits, agents 

and trade unions)

Surveys, awaydays, team meetings, 

performance appraisals, intranets, 

training programmes.

Diversity and inclusion, training opportunities, 

succession planning, the impact of 

transformation activities, including the demerger.

Governments 

(including central banks, 

stock exchanges and global 

policy bodies)

Meetings, partnering and/or speaking at 

public and private events, memberships, 

tax strategy, input into policy forums.

Prudential as a local, responsible business, 

including how we create jobs and build capacity 

across the economy, taxes, transparency, 

governance, responsible financial services, 

sustainable finance. 

Regulators

Regular meetings, responses to information 

requests and consultation papers.

Global and national perspectives on standard-

setting, sustainable finance, international 

capital standards, governance and individual 

accountability, conduct standards, customer 

protection, climate-related risk.

Civil society

Meetings, data sharing, ad-hoc requests for 

support, responses to campaigns, surveys. 

Inclusion, education, disaster relief, 

safeguarding, low-carbon transition, living 

wage, climate-related risk, tax transparency.

Media

Media releases, social media, regular meetings 

and calls, discussions between media and 

senior executives, monitoring of media output.

Financial performance, business strength, 

demerger, investment in the low-carbon 

economy, environmental performance.

Suppliers

Pre-sourcing assessments, contract 

negotiations, monthly supplier meetings and 

quarterly performance review meetings.

Data protection, anti-bribery and corruption, 

human rights, modern slavery, health and safety. 


6 Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 

www.prudential.co.uk

Customers

Our relationships with our customers are long-term and are 

central to our ability to continue creating sustainable value. 

We provide fair, transparent, inclusive and accessible 

products to best serve our customers’ needs and to support 

them in de-risking their lives. We are constantly looking for 

new ways to innovate and provide the highest level of service.

Our customer commitments

It is our duty as a responsible business to 

uphold the interests of our customers. We 

are guided in this by our Group Customer 

Commitments Policy, which supports the 

delivery of the five customer commitments 

in our Group Code of Business Conduct. 

These are: 

1  Treat customers fairly, openly and 

honestly;

2  Provide and promote a range of 

products and services that meet 

customer needs, are clearly explained 

and deliver real value; 

3  Maintain the confidentiality of our 

customer information; 

4  Provide and promote high standards 

of customer service; and 

5  Act fairly to address customer 

complaints and any errors.

Increasing access to health 

and financial protection

In Asia, the health protection gap remains 

large and continues to expand. In line with 

our commitment to help close this gap and 

protect our customers’ health, we have 

continued our efforts to create best-in-

class health capabilities by offering more 

comprehensive and flexible coverage and 

a wider range of value-added services. 

 

— Hong Kong: Prudential Hong Kong 

has established itself as a leader in 

the growing critical illness segment, 

introducing PRUhealth Critical Illness 

Extended Care (CIE) and PRUhealth 

Critical Illness Multi-Care Prestige 

(CIM2) during 2018. CIE provides 

in-depth protection against 118 disease 

conditions. CIM2 is an integrated, 

multi-claim critical illness protection 

plan that offers 100 per cent of life 

protection against 126 disease 

conditions. The plan offers market-

distinct home care services to facilitate 

rehabilitation at home, including a 

digital portal to monitor the progress of 

recovery and share status updates with 

family members. 

 

— Malaysia: We launched PRUcancer X, 

a cancer plan that addresses the high 

costs of treatment and the impact of any 

potential loss of income if a customer 

has to stop work to focus on recovery. 

It offers the highest coverage of any 

cancer-specific insurance product in the 

market, giving patients the opportunity 

to seek the best care in-country and 

overseas. PRUmy child plus and PRUmy 

medical plus were launched to meet the 

growing demand for customisable and 

flexible insurance products. PRUmy 

child plus provides comprehensive 

protection to both the mother and the 

unborn child. After the child is born, 

critical illness or savings options can be 

added to the plan to provide the child 

with additional coverage. This plan has 

no annual and lifetime limits, ensuring 

that customers are protected with 

continuous coverage even as healthcare 

costs continue to increase.

 

— Singapore: Recognising that most 

of the population is not sufficiently 

protected against the financial impact of 

critical illnesses, we launched PRUtriple 

Protect, which provides financial 

protection against 36 critical illnesses, 

including cancer. We also introduced 

PRUvital Cover, the first of its kind, 

which offers coverage to people with 

existing medical conditions. This 

provides protection to individuals who 

have been diagnosed with type 2 

diabetes and the three ‘health highs’ 

– high blood pressure, high cholesterol 

and high body mass index.

 

— Thailand: To help more people 

access adequate medical coverage, 

we introduced PRUeasy care. This 

affordable, stand-alone term plan 

provides a range of benefits, including 

inpatient advantages of up to four 

hospital stays per year. 

Increasing access to financial protection is 

a significant socio-economic issue and we 

seek to provide the right products through 

appropriate means to improve access for 

new and existing customers. Our business 

units comply with the relevant product 

advertisement or labelling requirements 

of the local markets in which they operate. 

Recognising the role that distribution 

plays in our ability to reach customers, 

we continued to extend our partnerships 

with banks across Africa in 2018. We 

agreed a new long-term partnership with 

a bank, helping us bring market-leading 

products and services to up to 1.2 million 

new customers, through 69 bank branches. 

We also extended a previous partnership, 

extending our geographic reach and 

providing savings and protection products 

to the previously uninsured. 

After launching our ‘never lapse’ feature 

in Ghana in 2017, we rolled this out across 

Kenya in 2018, enabling customers to keep 

their policy and its benefits, regardless of 

unforeseen financial circumstances. After 

the first six months’ premium, customers 

will not lose their savings if they fall behind 

on their payments, providing greater 

flexibility to customers and helping them 

to achieve their financial goals. 


www.prudential.co.uk 

Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 Prudential plc 7



Engaging and empowering 

consumers

We seek to provide the best solutions 

that we can for customers. We also strive 

to communicate information about our 

products in a fair and transparent way. 

In the US, Jackson continues to be a leader 

in shifting perspectives and simplifying 

the language around financial products. 

In 2018, Jackson led the creation of 

a ground-breaking, industry-wide coalition 

seeking to help mitigate America’s looming 

retirement crisis, the Alliance for Lifetime 

Income. The Alliance is a tremendous leap 

forward in Jackson’s ongoing commitment 

to educating Americans about the 

importance of lifetime income in retirement 

planning. The Alliance, which Jackson 

co-chairs, comprises 24 financial services 

organisations in the US that have united 

around a shared purpose – to educate 

Americans on the risk of outliving their 

income, so that they can enjoy their years in 

retirement. The Alliance rolled out a 

nationwide, multi-year educational 

campaign designed to help consumers 

and financial advisers discuss not only 

the importance of income planning in 

retirement, but also the importance of 

protected income in retirement – income 

that is sheltered from market volatility and 

longevity risk.

Following on from the launch of Jackson’s 

website, The Financial Freedom Studio, 

in 2017, the site has evolved to offer 

more financial education resources for 

consumers. The Studio is a forum to bring 

together the breadth of perspectives and 

experiences of industry experts and 

thought leaders who share their unique 

points of view around financial and life 

planning. These regular, third-party 

contributors provide actionable, practical 

‘how-to’ tips, offering an objective, 

non-product-centric perspective to help 

consumers make thoughtful and informed 

decisions about their financial lives. The 

Studio now provides video content, and 

during 2018 traffic to the Studio doubled, 

with over 80 per cent of the traffic being 

new visitors. 

Designing the digital health ecosystem 

for our customers

Our ambition is to protect the health and 

wealth of our customers by the use of 

artificial intelligence (AI) to enable access 

to affordable and quality healthcare. 

As a life and health insurer, and given 

our customers’ increasing needs in 

healthcare, we want to play a greater role 

in preventing and postponing illness in 

order to protect our customers. Through 

partnerships with other healthcare 

providers, we are looking to introduce 

the following five areas of services to 

our customers: 

 

— Lifestyle and wellness: By tracking 

daily activities, such as sleep and 

dietary patterns, we can provide 

coaching to encourage our customers 

to improve their health by maintaining 

a healthy lifestyle;  

 

— Risk factor identification: Monitors 

current health and identifies future 

risk factors through the use of DNA 

testing and health assessments; 

 

— Disease management and recovery: 

Chronic disease management 

programmes can help customers 

maintain or even improve their 

health conditions. This can improve 

adherence to medications, diet and 

exercise regimes;  

 

— Triage and symptom diagnosis: 

Directs customers to appropriate 

and timely treatments based on 

their interactions with the AI-backed 

chatbot or data collected from 

various devices; and  

 

— Telemedicine, e-prescription 

and physical doctors: Avoiding the 

need to first physically visit a doctor, 

consultations with doctors can 

be arranged through video before 

deciding if a physical visit is required. 

We can also arrange medication 

to be sent to the user’s home or 

office address.  

Underlining our commitment to affordable 

and accessible healthcare, Prudential 

Corporation Asia has entered into an 

exclusive partnership with the healthcare 

technology and services company, 

Babylon Health. Through this partnership, 

we will be able to provide Babylon’s AI 

expertise to new and existing customers in 

up to 12 markets in Asia. A comprehensive 

set of digital tools will be available 24/7, 

enabling customers to take control of 

their health and make better-informed 

healthcare decisions. By providing health 

and wellness services digitally at scale, we 

are significantly expanding our role from 

protection to encompass the prevention 

and postponement of adverse health 

events, helping to close the healthcare 

gap in Asia. 

 






8 Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 

www.prudential.co.uk

Customers (continued)

Customer service and 

addressing complaints

We are committed to offering our 

customers the highest standards of 

professional care and service. We take our 

commitment seriously when training our 

personnel, who deliver service consistent 

with our values. 

Where customers have cause to complain 

to us, we have documented procedures 

in place to manage complaints received 

through multiple touchpoints, in a timely, 

robust and professional manner and 

in accordance with our Customer 

Commitments Policy and local regulatory 

requirements. Business units conduct 

analysis of complaints to understand their 

underlying root causes, with the aim of 

reducing the overall number of complaints, 

and perform ongoing monitoring to 

identify issues which could lead to 

customer detriment and take prompt 

action to address any errors.

In some jurisdictions in which we operate, 

customers can refer complaints to 

independent dispute resolution bodies. 

In the UK, customers have the right to 

approach the Financial Ombudsman 

Service (FOS) for independent complaint 

adjudication if they remain unhappy with 

the outcome of a complaint raised directly 

with a financial services provider. The FOS 

will investigate the complaint and issue 

an adjudication with its findings to the 

customer and financial provider. We have 

averaged more than 80 per cent since 2009 

on the FOS adjudication support rate, 

which is published annually and based on 

industry-wide data. 

Industry awards

In Asia, Prudential won eight awards at 

the Bloomberg BusinessWeek Financial 

Institution Awards 2018, including 

‘Insurance Company of the Year’ for 

the fourth year in a row. Prudential 

Malaysia won the Reader’s Digest 

Trusted Brand award, as voted by 

consumers, and the Best Brand 2018 

award at YouGov’s Brand Index awards 

for the third consecutive year. 

In the US, Jackson was awarded 

Outstanding Achievement at the 

WealthManagement.com Industry 

Awards for its Retire on Purpose Platform. 

Our Financial Freedom Studio website 

and Retire on Purpose campaign both 

won a Grand Award at The APEX Awards 

for Publication Excellence, where we also 

won six awards of Excellence. At The 

Communicator Awards, we gained four 

Gold Awards of Excellence and 29 

Awards of Distinction for our marketing 

and communications. 

In the UK, we were again awarded our 

‘Five Star’ ratings in the Life &amp; Pensions 

and Investment categories at the Financial 

Adviser Service Awards, as well as the 

Outstanding Achievement Award. For the 

eighth year running, we were awarded 

Best Investment Bond Provider at the 

Investment Life &amp; Pensions Moneyfacts 

Awards, as well as the Best Income 

Drawdown Provider Award for the second 

year running. At the European Pension 

Awards, M&amp;G won Multi Asset Manager of 

the Year and Property Manager of the Year. 


www.prudential.co.uk 

Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 Prudential plc 9

Responsible investment

As a life insurer, asset owner and manager, we are long-term 

stewards of our customers’ assets and we recognise the 

importance of ESG matters. We also recognise our 

responsibility to our customers, society and the environment 

to effectively integrate associated considerations into 

investment decisions and fiduciary and stewardship duties, 

helping to improve outcomes for our customers and finance 

a more sustainable economy.

Our responsible investment 

approach 

At Prudential, we take an inclusive 

approach to responsible investment, 

seeking to integrate ESG considerations 

into our investment processes and 

stewardship activities through active 

ownership practices and engagement 

with investee companies. We also maintain 

the ability to exclude entities from our 

internal investment mandates, where their 

practices, policies or procedures conflict 

with our Group values, or where we 

see a need to explicitly recognise 

international consensus. 

As a long-term investor, we consider both 

financial and non-financial factors in our 

investment processes, decision-making 

and ownership practices that may have 

a meaningful impact on our clients’ 

long-term investment outcomes. Similarly, 

as active asset owners of the capital we 

invest on behalf of our clients, we believe 

that due consideration of the various 

factors that can impact investment returns 

is part of our fiduciary duty to our customers.

Governing our ESG investment 

risks and opportunities

We operate an asset management business 

in each of our three main regions – 

Eastspring in Asia, PPMA in the US and 

M&amp;GPrudential in the UK &amp; Europe. 

In recognition of the distinct investment 

risks faced by our asset management and 

ownership businesses through investing 

in different markets and asset classes, each 

business unit manages ESG-related matters 

through the pursuit of local, business-

specific responsible investment strategies. 

Our Group Responsible Investment 

Framework draws together the individual 

ESG-related investment strategies and 

activities of our global businesses and is 

aligned to our Group Code of Business 

Conduct. The Framework provides a 

mechanism to inform our senior executives 

of the local ESG investment strategies of 

each of our businesses. 

Central to the Framework is our Group 

Responsible Investment Advisory 

Committee (GRIAC), which comprises the 

Chief Investment Officers or their delegates 

of each of our asset management and 

insurance business units. The GRIAC is 

responsible for overseeing our responsible 

investment activities and further 

developing our overall Group-wide 

responsible investment strategy. Our 

Group-wide responsible investment 

activities, overseen by the GRIAC, are 

periodically reported to the Board and 

senior executive committees.

Strengthening our governance 

of responsible investment

Following on from the establishment of the 

GRIAC and Group Responsible Investment 

Framework in 2017, our governance of 

responsible investment activities has 

continued to be strengthened during 2018 

by our businesses. Each asset management 

business now has a clearly designated 

responsible investment committee. The 

GRIAC links these independent business 

unit committees, serving as a forum for 

sharing best practice innovations across 

the Group. It also enables our Group-wide 

Responsible Investment Standards to be 

adopted in a consistent manner across our 

business units, while still affording them 

the flexibility to manage investments in 

a way that balances the needs of their 

clients and the local regulatory 

environments in which they operate. 

In 2018 our Group Responsible Investment 

Standards, which underpin our Group 

Responsible Investment Framework and 

Principles, were in the road-testing phase 

with our businesses, which focused 

on developing internal monitoring and 

reporting capabilities to support the 

implementation of the Standards. In Asia, 

for example, Prudential Corporation 

Asia has implemented a new investment 

portfolio and risk management system as 

part of the ongoing enhancement of its 

approach to ESG integration. This provides 

its regional and local investment offices 

with increased transparency of how ESG 

factors are being incorporated into its 

investment decisions, manager selection 

and manager reporting process, in line with 

its commitment to responsible investing. 

Eastspring has also embraced technology 

solutions in 2018, with Group Digital 

working in partnership with the investment 


10 Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 

www.prudential.co.uk

Responsible investment (continued)

teams to develop tools that utilise AI and 

learning to facilitate faster and scalable 

ESG screening of investee companies. 

Assessing the implications 

of evolving expectations of the 

Group in financing a sustainable 

and low-carbon economy

Over 2018 there have been a number 

of regulatory, supervisory and investor-

driven sustainable finance and climate-

related financial risk initiatives. From a 

supervisory perspective, the International 

Association of Insurance Supervisors and 

the UK’s Prudential Regulation Authority 

(PRA) have made clear that they expect 

insurers to assess and consider the risks 

from climate change. We engaged with the 

PRA on the topic during 2018 and continue 

to focus on developing our practices in this 

area, with the implications for us as a Group 

being considered by our Board. Climate 

risk is under similar scrutiny from the UK’s 

Financial Conduct Authority, and the 

Securities and Futures Commission in 

Hong Kong launched its Strategic 

Framework for Green Finance. In addition 

to assessing the implications for the Group 

of evolving regulatory and supervisory 

expectations, we continued to monitor the 

changing legislative landscape, including 

developments set out in the European 

Commission’s Action Plan for Financing 

Sustainable Growth. Our approach to 

meeting these evolving expectations of 

financial institutions is twofold: to consider 

the need for enhancing our ESG integration 

and disclosure practices and to continue 

to increase our industry participation 

and collaboration. 

Climate risks and opportunities 

and the FSB’s Task Force on Climate-

related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)

As a life insurer, asset owner, asset 

manager and occupier of over 400 

properties worldwide, we recognise both 

the risks and opportunities posed by 

climate change to our businesses, and our 

Group’s impact on the environment. With 

respect to the impact that climate change 

poses to our businesses, we are cognisant 

that the risks and opportunities may 

manifest in a number of different ways. 

Further detail on our approach to managing 

our direct operational environmental 

impacts is outlined in the ‘Environmental 

performance’ section of this report 

(page 25). 

We as a Group welcomed and are 

a signatory to the recommendations of the 

FSB’s TCFD. The management of climate-

related risks and opportunities is a Group 

Strategic Priority, and the delivery of these 

priorities is linked to the remuneration 

package of relevant executives in the 

business. Our governance structures, 

which provide oversight in this important 

area, were enhanced in 2018 through the 

establishment of our ESG ExCo. The ESG 

ExCo will oversee the Group’s processes 

to assess the climate-related risks and 

opportunities facing our businesses, which 

are currently under development, and the 

identification and delivery of supporting 

implementation activities, with the view to 

enhancing our climate-related financial risk 

management practices. Over the next year 

the Group will take action to enhance our 

climate-related financial risk management 

practices and disclosure. 

Our strategy needs to be tailored to the local 

US, Asian, European and African countries 

in which we operate. Climate change is a 

material risk for the global economy and, in 

conjunction with other global trends, may 

impact each part of the world differently. 

The physical risks will be as difficult to 

determine as the risks resulting from 

transitioning to a low-carbon economy. 

Accompanying those risks are inherent 

investment opportunities that we will 

continue to explore. We are keen to position 

our organisation in order to best place us to 

respond to and manage material climate 

risks and capitalise on the opportunities 

from the economy’s transition. 

Our investment businesses have also 

begun to consider the implications of 

climate-related risks and opportunities 

on investment activities, with relevant 

developments including M&amp;G Investments 

signing up to use the new MSCI Carbon 

Portfolio Analytics tool in 2018. This tool 

enables portfolio managers to monitor 

a portfolio’s carbon emissions, carbon 

intensity and fossil fuel reserves, 

supporting enhanced carbon investment 

risk management. Similarly, in order to 

M&amp;G engages Britvic on  

reducing single-use plastic

M&amp;G met with Britvic’s head of 

sustainability to understand soft drinks 

maker Britvic’s strategy to reduce 

single-use plastic, improve recyclability 

of products, deliver innovation and 

demonstrate governance in this area. 

While acknowledging that Britvic’s 

disclosure practices to date have been 

commendable, M&amp;G emphasised the 

importance of alignment with TCFD and 

CDP (Carbon Disclosure Project) 

disclosure. As a leading soft drinks 

business with operations in the UK, 

Ireland, France and Brazil, Britvic has 

committed to 2025 targets by signing up 

to the UK Plastics Pact. 

These commitments to eliminate 

problematic or unnecessary single-use 

plastic would ensure that: 100 per cent 

of  plastic packaging is designed and 

manufactured to be reusable, recyclable 

or compostable; 70 per cent of plastic 

packaging is effectively recycled or 

composted by the consumer; and 

the company sources 30 per cent 

average recycled content across all 

plastic packaging. 

M&amp;G has tabled this issue for discussion 

at the next meeting with the CEO and 

the desired outcome is to see Board 

oversight of this commitment linked 

to remuneration. 




www.prudential.co.uk 

Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 Prudential plc 11

support enhancing industry climate-

related disclosure practices, in 2018 M&amp;G 

collaborated on a pilot initiative sponsored 

by the United Nations Environment 

Programme to work on climate-change 

scenario modelling for portfolios across 

different asset classes, which is a central 

part of the TCFD framework. The key 

output will be an industry climate scenario 

modelling tool.

Industry participation and 

collaboration on sustainable 

growth and climate change 

Principles for Responsible 

Investment (PRI)

M&amp;G Investments, PPMSA (our asset 

manager in South Africa), Eastspring 

Investments and now PPMA are signatories 

to the PRI. These voluntary principles 

offer guidance to understand the 

implications of ESG issues and to embed 

their consideration into investment 

practices and processes. The PRI reports 

for M&amp;G Investments and PPMSA can be 

found here: M&amp;G Investments, PPMSA. 

Strengthening Asian 

stewardship commitments

Both Prudential Corporation Asia and 

Eastspring have continued to support the 

development of Stewardship Codes across 

the Asian region by becoming signatories 

to a number of new country initiatives in 

addition to those they have already 

endorsed. In Taiwan, both Prudential 

Corporation Asia and Eastspring became 

signatories in 2018 to the new Taiwan 

Stewardship Code, which includes among 

its principles a commitment to monitor 

investee companies and maintain 

appropriate dialogue and interaction. 

In addition, during 2018 Prudential 

Corporation Asia joined Eastspring in 

supporting the Singapore Stewardship 

Principles for Responsible Investors and 

Eastspring also became a signatory to the 

Korean code.

Climate Action 100+ and the 

Institutional Investors Group 

on Climate Change

M&amp;G continues to participate in the 

Climate Action 100+ initiative, since joining 

in 2017. This initiative brings together more 

than 250 global institutional investors to 

engage with the world’s largest corporate 

greenhouse gas emitters to improve 

climate-related financial disclosure and 

curb emissions. M&amp;G also remains a 

member of the Institutional Investors 

Group on Climate Change, which provides 

a useful forum for collaboration on 

this topic.



Fostering an ESG mindset at Eastspring

Eastspring Investments signed up to the 

Principles for Responsible Investment 

(PRI) in 2018 and has since placed 

a strong emphasis on internal education 

on ESG issues and capacity-building to 

support the firm’s responsible investment 

development. In May, two tailored 

sessions were arranged for all Eastspring 

investors to explore potential issues 

that could impact capital markets and 

companies, while also outlining effective 

ways to integrate non-financial ESG 

factors into investment decisions.

The sessions, which were designed to 

encourage collaboration and the sharing 

of investment ideas, saw Sustainalytics 

discuss how ESG information can be 

turned into analytics to aid investment 

decisions, while the Worldwide Fund 

for Nature explored what investors can 

do to assess the climate alignment of 

their portfolio.

In July 2018, Eastspring hosted the first 

PRI round-table discussion on ESG 

factors in credit risk and ratings in 

Singapore. The event was part of a series 

of rating forums that the PRI is organising 

around the world for credit risk analysts 

and fixed income portfolio managers/

strategists as part of the PRI ESG 

in Credit Ratings Initiative. 

Eastspring’s development continues 

into 2019 with further sessions with 

the Worldwide Fund for Nature and the 

Asia Investor Group on Climate Change, 

building awareness of key climate change 

risks and the opportunities for the asset 

management industry. Climate change is 

a pertinent focus in the midst of changes 

to regulatory and industry standards, 

with an increased expectation on 

companies to develop climate and 

sustainability capabilities. 


12 Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 

www.prudential.co.uk

Climate Bonds Initiative and 

the Asian Investor Group on 

Climate Change

In January 2019, Eastspring joined M&amp;G 

to become a member of the Climate 

Bonds Initiative. Eastspring also joined the 

Asian Investor Group on Climate Change. 

Through 2018 Eastspring participated 

in round-tables organised by its local 

regulator, Monetary Authority of Singapore 

(MAS), to help raise awareness of climate 

risk in the region and promote the 

integration of ESG frameworks in investment 

strategies. Also in Asia, Prudential Singapore 

has engaged with its local regulators (the Life 

Insurance Association Singapore and MAS) 

to discuss its approach to climate change 

risk  as an Asian asset owner.

Asset Owner Disclosure Project

In 2018, we again participated in the 

Asset Owner Disclosure Project, a survey 

managed by ShareAction to assess the 

insurance sector’s response to addressing 

climate risk, where we ranked 30th out 

of 80 (2017: 31st) in its Global Climate 

Insurance Index (an assessment of the 

80 largest insurance companies globally). 

In its 2017 Asset Owner survey, we ranked 

113th out of the world’s 500 largest 

asset owners, including pension funds, 

sovereign wealth funds, insurance 

companies, foundations and endowments. 

The next benchmarked assessment is 

anticipated in 2019. In the 2017 Asset 

Manager survey, M&amp;G Investments ranked 

fourth out of the world’s top 50 asset 

managers for management of the financial 

impact of climate change on investment 

portfolios. The next benchmarked 

assessment is anticipated in 2019.

ClimateWise

Facilitated by the Cambridge Institute for 

Sustainability Leadership, ClimateWise 

supports the insurance industry to better 

communicate, disclose and respond to the 

risks and opportunities associated with the 

climate risk protection gap. Members 

produce an annual submission addressing 

six ClimateWise principles and are ranked 

against their peers. In 2018, we improved 

our score, achieving 78 per cent, compared 

with 71 per cent in 2017. Our performance 

in ClimateWise against six core principles is 

independently audited by PwC. 

Enhancing our ESG-focused 

investment product offering

M&amp;GPrudential continues to innovate in 

this field, launching two new retail funds in 

2018 – the M&amp;G Positive Impact Fund and 

the M&amp;G Sustainable Multi Asset Fund, 

both employing a structured approach to 

ESG and both investing in companies that 

are aligned with the United Nations 

Sustainable Development Goals. 

The Positive Impact Fund seeks to invest 

in companies that have a positive impact 

on society through addressing the world’s 

major social and/or environmental 

challenges, while providing attractive 

financial returns. Sustainability and impact 

considerations are fundamental in the 

stock selection process. The M&amp;G Impact 

team undertakes a ‘triple i’ approach 

to identifying impactful investments, 

analysing the investment case, intentionality 

and impact of a company to assess its 

suitability for the fund. The Fund won 

Best New Entrant (Fund) at the 2018 

Investment Week Sustainable and ESG 

Investment Awards.

In Malaysia, Prudential Corporation Asia 

plans to launch five new investment-linked 

products in 2019, which will all explicitly 

embed ESG principles as part of the 

investment process. 

Responsible investment (continued)


www.prudential.co.uk 

Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 Prudential plc 13

Business integrity

We embed responsible and ethical behaviour across our 

organisation. From how we conduct ourselves, shape and 

monitor our culture and meet our responsibility to prevent 

bribery and corruption, through to transparency in our 

tax practices, our contribution to the global economy and 

our leadership role in our industry, we are a responsible, 

ethical business. 

Our Code of Conduct

Our governance framework, setting out 

the principles by which we conduct our 

business and ourselves, is composed of our 

Group Code of Business Conduct and our 

Group Governance Manual. Our Group 

Code of Business Conduct sets out the 

ethical standards that the Board expects 

of itself, our employees, agents and others 

working on behalf of the Group. The Group 

Governance Manual consists of a range 

of policies covering all of our business 

units, setting out our principles for good 

governance. We review these policies on 

a regular basis to ensure that we meet the 

expectations of our stakeholders.

Financial strength 

We contribute to financial stability and 

sustainability in all of the markets in which 

we operate. We are strongly aware of our 

purpose, which is to help people de-risk 

their lives and deal with their biggest 

financial concerns. Our products and 

services are designed and delivered with 

that purpose clearly in mind. Through the 

combination of our consistent strategy, our 

diversified portfolio of businesses and our 

disciplined execution, we have continued 

to produce high-quality earnings and 

deliver consistent returns for our investors 

and good outcomes for all our stakeholders. 

For details on our financial performance 

last year, see our 2018 Annual Report. We 

work in partnership with policymakers and 

regulators. In 2018 we remained actively 

engaged in global regulatory policy 

debates with standard-setters such as the 

International Association of Insurance 

Supervisors (IAIS) as well as with industry 

trade bodies, on the soundness of the 

international financial system and the 

conduct of business regulation. To 

underpin insurance penetration rates, 

protection and savings, we support the 

process of deepening capital markets, 

building robust regulatory and legal 

frameworks and enhancing financial 

literacy in the markets in which 

we operate, which in turn supports 

economic growth and stability.

Responsible tax practices 

The responsible and sustainable 

management of our tax affairs helps us to 

maintain constructive relations with our 

stakeholders and play a positive role in the 

economy. We take a long-term perspective 

and balance our responsibility to support 

our business strategy with our responsibility 

to the communities in which we operate, 

which need sustainable tax revenues. 

We understand the importance of paying 

the right amount of tax on time. We 

manage our tax affairs transparently and 

seek to build constructive relationships 

with tax authorities in all the countries in 

which we operate. Our tax risk policy 

outlines our processes to identify, measure, 

control and report on risk across four 

categories: technical judgements, 

operations, regulations and reputation.

Our tax strategy is published annually 

and complies with the mandatory 

requirements under the UK 2016 Finance 

Act, focusing on: 

 

— Acting responsibly and taking an 

objective view in all of our tax matters;

 

— Managing tax in line with our Group 

governance and risk management 

procedures; and

 

— Ensuring transparency and engagement 

with all our stakeholders. 

Our tax strategy continues to include 

a number of additional disclosures, 

including a breakdown by country of 

revenues, profits and taxes for all countries 

where more than £5 million tax was paid 

and more detail on what drives our tax 

payments, demonstrating that our tax 

footprint (ie where we pay taxes) is 

consistent with our business footprint. 

Prudential was highly commended, for 

the second successive year, in the Tax 

Reporting category of PwC’s Building Public 

Trust awards. Independent judges stated 

that our reporting on tax risks, and appetite 

for them and how they are managed, goes 

into a level of detail not often seen, and that 

we had done well to explain the complexity 

of insurance tax clearly. Judges were also 

impressed by how we set the tone of 

openness and transparency, singling out 

the clear reconciliation and breakdown of 

cash tax paid versus the effective tax rate, 

supported by an easily understood diagram.

In 2018, the Group’s global tax contribution 

was £2,839 million. This significant 

contribution plays an important part in 

helping the communities in which we 

operate provide valuable public services 

and build infrastructure for the benefit of 

the wider community and the economy.

We are continuing to monitor developments 

in the tax transparency agenda and look 

to further develop the disclosure of 

meaningful tax information to help our 

various stakeholders’ understanding of our 

tax footprint. More information on our tax 

strategy, including details of how much tax 

we pay, how we manage our tax affairs and 

the governance and management of tax risk 

can be found here.


14 Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 

www.prudential.co.uk

Business integrity (continued)

Fighting financial crime

We have a global footprint and maintain 

business relationships with a range of 

parties, such as agents and intermediaries, 

who act on our behalf. As such, financial 

crime is a key risk and we are committed 

to fighting it through the maintenance 

and implementation of policies and 

procedures on anti-money laundering, 

counter-terrorist financing, anti-bribery 

and corruption and anti-fraud, 

and through our commitment to 

industry-wide efforts.

We have Group-wide policies in place in 

relation to anti-money laundering, fraud, 

counter-terrorist financing and sanctions. 

These policies help to:

 

— Ensure we fully comply with all relevant 

local regulatory and statutory 

requirements;

 

— Effectively identify and understand the 

customers and third parties with which 

we do business;

 

— Monitor customer risk profiles and 

report suspicious activities; and

 

— Undertake robust risk-based due 

diligence and ensure all staff receive 

appropriate training to be able to 

recognise, avoid and report any 

potential wrongdoing. 

During 2018 we updated our Group 

Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy in order 

to provide more and better guidance to our 

diverse businesses. In particular, we added 

further guidance on gifts and hospitality 

and how we deal with government officials 

and highlighted the importance of due 

diligence when dealing with third parties, 

reflecting themes we had identified from 

recent Foreign and Corrupt Practices Act 

enforcement cases. The Group Anti-

Bribery and Corruption Policy is cascaded 

down through local business unit policies 

and procedures, which ensure adherence 

to Group requirements, applicable laws 

and expectations of local regulators.

We have continued to deliver advanced 

training on anti-bribery and corruption risks 

and regulations to cover senior managers 

and members of staff in higher-risk roles, 

particularly those who manage relationships 

with third parties. These training sessions 

were delivered face-to-face. All members of 

staff were also required to complete the 

mandatory annual computer-based training 

on anti-bribery and corruption, which 

ensures that our employees are able to 

recognise, avoid and report any potential 

instances of bribery or corruption, and we 

closely monitor the completion rates. 

In 2017 the UK Criminal Finances Act 

introduced the corporate offence of failure 

to prevent the facilitation of tax evasion. 

Financial crime computer-based training 

across the Group has been updated to 

include additional material on this offence 

and the Group’s commitment to avoid the 

facilitation of tax evasion. 

The decision by the US to end its 

involvement in the Iran nuclear weapons 

treaty, the Joint Comprehensive Plan of 

Action, resulted in the re-introduction of 

comprehensive Office of Foreign Assets 

Control sanctions against Iran from 

November 2018 and, as a consequence, 

the Group Anti-Money Laundering and 

Sanctions Policy continues to prohibit 

dealings with Iran.

We perform annual risk assessments 

across all of our businesses to assess and 

monitor their risk profile. During 2018 we 

implemented an automated transaction 

monitoring system in our Hong Kong and 

Singapore life businesses and plan to 

implement this system in other jurisdictions 

in Asia during 2019. 

Our policies require our business units to 

monitor compliance with our policies and 

the regulatory framework by which we are 

governed. In 2018 the Financial Crime 

Compliance teams across the Group 

undertook 23 compliance monitoring 

reviews on anti-money laundering, 

sanctions and anti-bribery and corruption. 

The Financial Crime teams are committed 

to continuing professional development 

and participated in numerous conferences 

and forums, such as the AML Professionals 

forums held in London, a specialised 

ABC training course for Compliance 

practitioners, based on the international 

standard ISO 37001 on Anti-Bribery 

Management Systems, and insurance 

industry forums covering AML, ABC 

and sanctions.

The Group Audit Committee continues to 

review the effectiveness of the programme 

annually and the Group Financial Crime 

team regularly updates the committee on 

risks and controls.

Whistleblowing

We operate a Group-wide whistleblowing 

programme, Speak Out, which is able to 

receive reports from a variety of channels 

and is supported by an independent third 

party that captures and comprehensively 

records matters raised. In 2018 the Group 

refreshed communications, updated 

staff training and upgraded the case 

management reporting system to improve 

investigations. Over 45 per cent of 

reporters chose to self-identify, suggesting 

a high degree of confidence in the integrity 

of the programme.

To help us to identify further improvements 

and contribute to knowledge-sharing in the 

industry on whistleblowing, we participate 

in the ‘Protect’ benchmarking forum 

(formerly known as Public Concern at 

Work). This forum has developed a 

benchmark, which the Group applied in 

2018, to measure the effectiveness of 

a firm’s whistleblowing programme. The 

Group scored well in all three aspects of 

whistleblowing governance, engagement 

and operations, but the outcome will form 

the basis for qualitative improvements to 

the programme in 2019. Whistleblowing 

reporting is overseen by the Group Audit 

Committee, with any material issues 

reported to the Board.

Recognition 

Reflecting the high standards by which 

we conduct our business, we were again 

named as one of ‘Britain’s Most Admired 

Companies’ at Management Today’s 

business awards in 2018. We won the 

insurance category of the prestigious 

awards for the second year in a row, with 

winners being selected by an independent 

survey of peers and sector experts.


www.prudential.co.uk 

Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 Prudential plc 15

People

An inclusive working environment, where we continually 

develop our talent, reward great performance, protect 

our people and value our differences, is key in delivering 

outstanding results for our customers, shareholders 

and communities.

Diversity and inclusion 

Organisations benefit from a number of 

diverse perspectives and experiences and 

we consider this is important to our success 

today and in the future. Diversity and 

Inclusion (D&amp;I) is one of our strategic 

objectives. Tim Rolfe, Group HR Director, 

is the executive sponsor across the Group. 

In 2018 Nic Nicandrou, Chief Executive of 

Prudential Corporation Asia, acted as the 

Board member accountable for D&amp;I work. 

The Group D&amp;I policy ensures that we 

provide equal opportunities to our 

workforce through fostering an 

environment where our employees are 

treated with dignity and respect, ensuring 

an appropriate diversity of skill sets and 

backgrounds to deliver success across the 

Group. Our policy supports an inclusive 

culture, where all our employees are 

protected against discrimination and 

provided with opportunities regardless of 

their age, caring responsibilities, disability 

status, ethnicity, gender, religion, sexual 

orientation, professional, social, 

educational or cultural background, or 

employment contract type. Through our 

policy, we govern our business units to 

have effective approaches in place to 

comply with local regulation, provide 

equality of opportunity and encourage 

our suppliers to promote equality of 

opportunity. All of our businesses, 

including Group Head Office, are 

required to report regularly to Group 

Human Resources on their compliance 

with the policy.

We have a strategic, long-term approach 

to D&amp;I. The Nomination &amp; Governance 

Committee has responsibility for 

developing, where appropriate, and 

periodically reviewing any objectives 

established for the implementation of 

diversity for the Board, monitoring 

progress toward the achievements of those 

objectives and reviewing the Group’s 

diversity initiatives to see that these are 

in line with strategic objectives. Diversity 

contributes to Board effectiveness and 

is essential for successfully delivering the 

strategy of an international Group. Our 

Board is committed to recruiting the best 

available talent and appointing the most 

appropriate candidate to each role. This 

process ensures appropriate diversity 

of experience, skill sets and professional 

backgrounds. For more information on 

diversity within our Board, please refer to 

the Governance section within our 2018 

Annual Report.

Over time, we aspire to have a senior 

management team that better represents 

the experiences and backgrounds of our 

customers and stakeholders. The Board 

monitors progress regularly through the 

Group D&amp;I Advisory Committee, chaired 

by Tim Rolfe. This includes reviewing our 

benchmarked progress against peers on 

key aspects such as the diversity of our 

leadership team. The majority of D&amp;I 

activity is managed by the individual 

business units, which focus on the priorities 

that make a key difference in their specific 

markets, in alignment with the Group-wide 

strategy. The articulation of our D&amp;I 

strategy was updated in 2018 to reflect the 

evolution of our D&amp;I journey. Prudential 

Corporation Asia continued to develop its 

D&amp;I Works Committee, made up of 

representatives from across its regional 

businesses. Its purpose is to drive the D&amp;I 

strategies and initiatives in the respective 

countries, provide support and share best 

practices. In the US, Jackson 

has introduced a D&amp;I Advisory Council 

that reports directly to the CEO, Michael 

Falcon, and supports senior leadership by 

helping to guide, implement and oversee 

D&amp;I strategies and initiatives, providing 

updates on progress and communicating 

D&amp;I efforts and commitment internally 

and externally. 

2018 highlights

Across our businesses, our commitment 

to D&amp;I is supported by initiatives such as 

reviews of pay, performance management 

consistency, providing training to staff, 

engaging with recruitment firms and 

awareness campaigns to diversify the pool 

of potential candidates. In 2018, building 

on the unconscious bias leadership 

workshops for senior managers and 

executives delivered in 2017, we aimed to 

reach all employees via the Group-wide 

roll-out of unconscious bias e-learning. 

Completion rates exceeded 90 per cent 

throughout and positive feedback was 

received from participants. 

We were part of the first cohort of 

companies to sign the HM Treasury 

Women in Finance Charter in 2016. 

In 2018, we achieved our commitment 

to have 27 per cent women in senior 

management, a year ahead of the target 

date of the end of 2019. We continue to 

work towards the target of 30 per cent 

women in senior management by the 

end of 2021. See below for the gender 

breakdown of our workforce for 2018.


16 Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 

www.prudential.co.uk

All employees

Headcount

Total

Male

Female

Undisclosed2

Unspecified3

Chairman &amp; Independent Non-executive Directors

10

8

2

–

–

Executive Directors

6

6

0

–

–

Group Executive Committee (GEC)

Includes Executive directors

11

11

0

–

–

Senior managers

Excludes the Chairman, all directors and GEC members

79

56

23

–

–

Whole company1 

Full time equivalent

Includes the Chairman, all directors, GEC members and senior managers

23,792

11,354

12,375

33

30.5

Notes

1 Excludes Prudential Corporation Asia joint ventures

2 In many of our businesses, we provide our employees with the option to not disclose their gender. For these employees, gender is recorded as ‘undisclosed’.

3 No specification or information is captured on gender for an immaterial number of our employees. These employees are recorded as ‘unspecified’.

2017

Female

Male

2018

25%

29%

75%

2012

17%

83%

71%

Gender diversity

Senior management

We again sponsored ‘Dive In’, the D&amp;I 

festival in Insurance and the Financial 

Services sector, which took place in 27 

countries and 53 cities in the Americas, 

Asia, Africa, the Middle East and Europe. 

In 2018 we published two Group-wide D&amp;I 

newsletters for all employees on the themes 

of mentoring and sponsorship and cultural 

inclusion. The cultural inclusion newsletter 

highlighted how our African businesses 

reflect the cultural diversity of the countries 

in which we operate through engaging with 

clients in their native languages to improve 

understanding of our products, helping us 

to provide a better service.

We are committed to improving the 

diversity balance of our organisation. 

For example, Prudential Corporation 

Asia completed a review of recruitment 

processes, resulting in a clear commitment 

to equal opportunities being incorporated 

in all job adverts internally and externally 

across Asia. Additionally, Prudential 

Corporation Asia has committed to 

increasing the focus on blind CV assessment 

and gender-balanced shortlists. Group 

Head Office has reported a measurable 

improvement in the balance of gender, 

ethnicity, international experience and 

sector background experience in hires. 

Group Head Office offers tailored 

one-to-one maternity coaching for female 

staff. This development initiative helps 

mothers to prepare for maternity leave, 

offers support while they are out of the 

office, and aids and facilitates a successful 

return to the workplace. 

Externally, M&amp;GPrudential achieved 

recognition from D&amp;I-related awards and 

rankings. Several individuals were winners 

or shortlisted for awards, for example the 

EMpower100 Ethnic Minority Executives 

List, the Black Business Awards, Women in 

Investment Awards and Top 50 Leading 

Lights, Kindness and Leadership Awards. 

M&amp;G Investments was ranked in the top 50 

of the UK’s Social Mobility Employers Index. 

In addition to the established affinity 

networks – Prudential Women’s Network, 

Pride (LGBT), CAN (cultural awareness) 

and Mind Matters (mental health) – we 

launched Enable, the Group-wide network 

for employees with physical and mental 

disabilities, allies, carers and champions, 

and PruPride, the first LGBT and allies 

network in Asia.

Responsible working practices

We believe in supporting human rights 

and acting responsibly and with integrity in 

everything we do. Our policies are guided 

by the principles of the UN’s Universal 

Declaration of Human Rights and the 

International Labour Organisation’s 

core labour standards. These are also 

incorporated into our Group Code of 

Business Conduct, which sets out the 

Group values and expected standards 

of behaviour for all employees, and in 

our Group Third Party Supply Policy.

Our Group Employee Relations and 

Resourcing polices are available on our 

Group website, along with our Board-

approved Modern Slavery Act statement. 

Our business units implement policies and 

practices at a local level that aim to ensure 

compliance with statutory and regulatory 

requirements in the local labour market 

and the prevention of slavery, human 

trafficking and child and forced labour. 

Compliance with Group policies is certified 

annually through our Group Governance 

Manual certification process. Additionally, 

we have an independent, externally hosted 

whistleblowing website and hotline 

system, Speak Out, which allows 

individuals to raise concerns and seek 

guidance on a broad range of issues 

(see page 14 of this report).

People (continued)


www.prudential.co.uk 

Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 Prudential plc 17

ShareAction Workforce 

Disclosure Initiative

In 2018, Prudential plc participated in 

ShareAction’s Workforce Disclosure 

Initiative (WDI), which aims to create 

transparency for investors in how 

companies manage their workers, both 

in their direct operations and their supply 

chains. We achieved scores above the 

overall average and the sector average. 

More than 120 investors, with over 

$13 trillion assets under management, 

back the WDI, with the ultimate goal 

of improving the quality of jobs in 

companies’ operations and supply chains.

Talent development 

Development of our people is key to 

our strategic objectives. Group Human 

Resources focuses on senior leadership 

through an annual talent review process. 

We continue to develop leaders and 

critical specialists for senior roles through 

succession planning. We segment our 

talent to identify short, medium and 

long-term successors. Development of 

our senior executive leaders is a bespoke 

exercise that we base on their aspirations 

and requirements. The Board receives an 

in-depth talent review once a year, led by 

the Group HR Director.

We offer a range of programmes that 

enable our people to grow and develop. 

Most programmes are managed by 

our business units. In 2018, 113 senior 

high-potential individuals participated 

in our established and well respected 

Group-wide leadership development 

programmes ‘Impact’ and ‘Agility’ and 

the ‘Next Generation’ emerging talent 

programme. These programmes were 

developed in partnership with world-

leading academic institutions and 

co-delivered with business school thought 

leaders. Across our businesses there are 

many more examples of our continuing 

commitment to talent development. For 

example, in 2018 Prudential Corporation 

Asia built on its strategic workforce 

planning initiative to develop and upgrade 

capabilities and reshape some critical roles 

to ensure continued success. Prudential 

Corporation Asia has implemented a senior 

leadership behaviours framework, taking a 

significant step towards creating a purpose-

led culture to help all employees embrace 

the transformation of their business.

Jackson offers customised on-premise 

programmes, as well as access to an 

online university, to meet the personal 

and professional development needs of 

employees with all levels of experience. 

Development programmes have been 

aligned to known enterprise-wide skills 

gaps to further develop critical capabilities 

for the future. 

Group Head Office continues to provide 

innovative programmes designed in 

partnership with top academic institutions 

and industry experts, focused on early 

career development, leadership 

development and opportunities, to 

develop a strategic and innovation mindset 

through varied career experiences and 

projects. In 2018 the Enhance programme 

incorporated several new themes, notably 

collaboration, including virtual, and a new 

course, ‘Experiments at Work’, which 

encourages expansive thinking in finding 

fresh perspectives for repetitive challenges 

and applying creative behaviours in 

everyday situations. 

M&amp;GPrudential supports talent 

development through a range of 

programmes to increase personal and 

organisational capability, alongside 

bespoke development support for 

individuals in key roles, including 

leadership roles and critical specialists 

such as fund managers, technologists 

and actuaries. 

The success of our talent development 

efforts have been recognised externally: 

in 2018 Prudential UK was ranked 16th and 

M&amp;GPrudential was ranked 31st in the Top 

100 employers for RateMyApprenticeship, 

based on student reviews.

Employee engagement

We want to foster an environment in which 

employees feel empowered and that they 

are making an active contribution to the 

organisation and the communities we 

serve. We drive employee engagement 

through a number of initiatives, including 

colleague appreciation programmes, 

wellbeing programmes, networking 

opportunities with peers and senior 

leaders across functions and employee 

focus groups. Each of our businesses 

manages its own activities in this area, 

including employee engagement surveys, 

regular employee open forums with senior 

management and team awaydays to 

discuss business performance. 

Our businesses, including Group Head 

Office, have processes and, where 

appropriate, a policy in place for engaging 

with employees. For any significant issues 

that are likely to impact either positively or 

negatively on our reputation as an 

employer – at both business and Group 

level – immediate reporting to Group 

Human Resources is required. 

One of the ways in which many employees 

feel connected is through volunteering 

activities and charitable causes. For 

instance, in 2018 significant funds were 

raised by M&amp;GPrudential employees who 

took part in the London Dragon Boat race 

and the range of volunteer activities that 

employees took part in included education, 

mentoring, social welfare and youth 

programmes, while Prudential Corporation 

Asia’s Prudence Foundation has a unified 

charitable platform to align and maximise 

the impact of community efforts across the 

region. See page 29 for further details. 

The Board has considered options to 

ensure its employee engagement is 

developed in line with the provisions of the 

UK Corporate Governance Code. Actions 

are being taken over 2019 to implement 

this and will be reported on in our 2019 

Annual Report.

Employee engagement in the 

context of the demerger

We understand that during times of 

change within organisations colleagues 

can require extra support and engagement. 

Since we announced in March 2018 our 

intention to demerge M&amp;GPrudential 

from the Group, we have embarked on 

a programme of engagement to ensure that 

colleagues are fully briefed on progress 

towards the demerger and the expected 

shape of the organisation afterwards. 

This has involved town hall meetings 

with senior management, smaller question-

and-answer sessions with leadership, 

regular updates from senior management 

on progress, line managers playing a key 

role in demerger-related communications 

and encouraging colleagues to submit 

questions and concerns, with a 

commitment to respond as soon as 

practicable. The frequency of these 

two-way communications is increasing 

during 2019 as we move closer to 

the demerger. 

We appreciate that managing and 

supporting our people through such 

a period of change is vital in ensuring that 

they remain engaged with the business, 

and we also recognise the value of the 

culture that we have built up in the business 

and are taking steps to ensure that this 

culture is protected during the process 

of the demerger. Throughout our 

communications we have been stressing 

the importance of ownership, partnership 

and stewardship, key elements of our 

culture, and we are doing everything we 

can to ensure that our colleagues are aware 

that they have a stake in the future success 

of the demerged businesses.


18 Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 

www.prudential.co.uk

Performance and reward 

We structure our reward arrangements 

to attract, motivate and retain high-calibre 

people. Our people contribute to the 

success of the Group and are rewarded 

accordingly. We recognise and reward high 

performance and are committed to a fair 

and transparent system of reward. 

We are committed to paying the Living 

Wage/London Living Wage to permanent 

and temporary employees, and to 

contractors who regularly work on our 

premises in the UK. 

Our UK businesses have recently reported 

their 2018 UK Gender Pay Gap data and 

details can be found on the Group’s website. 

There has been a narrowing of the pay gaps 

in some areas and modest increases in 

others. While we have made progress, 

the Gender Pay Gap cannot be removed 

overnight. We remain focused and 

committed to closing it as quickly as 

possible. We have a policy and carry out 

procedures to ensure that, where men and 

women perform similar roles, they are 

paid equally.

Remuneration is linked to the delivery 

of business goals, our values and our 

expected behaviours, and we ensure that 

rewards for our people do not incentivise 

inappropriate risk-taking. To enable this, 

employees are not only regularly assessed 

on ‘what’ they have achieved, but also on 

‘how’ they have done so. There are 

recognition initiatives running across our 

businesses, such as the Prudential Stars 

awards at Group Head Office, where 

individuals can nominate their colleagues 

to recognise examples of exceptional 

contributions, specifically in the areas of 

delivering synergy, adding value, fostering 

innovation, demonstrating stakeholder 

focus and maintaining risk awareness, 

while the Jackson High Five Recognition 

Program enables individuals to recognise 

their colleagues in the areas of creativity, 

empowerment, execution, impact, invest 

and respect. We also believe in the 

importance of giving employees the 

opportunity to benefit from the Group’s 

success through share ownership, and 

operate share plans for employees in the 

UK and Asia. This includes the award-

winning PruSharePlus plan, which enables 

employees in Asia to share in the longer-

term success of the business and actively 

encourages share ownership 

and engagement. 

Executive remuneration

The Group’s executive remuneration 

arrangements reward the achievement of 

Group, business, functional and personal 

targets, provided that performance is 

aligned to the Group’s risk framework 

and appetites, and that our conduct 

expectations, as well as those of our 

regulators and other stakeholders,  

are met.

Executive Directors’ recent salary 

increases have been aligned with the 

bottom of the range of pay budgets for 

the wider workforce. To strengthen the 

alignment between Executive Directors 

and our shareholders, 40 per cent of 

Executive Directors’ bonus is deferred in 

shares for three years, Executive Directors 

are required to meet shareholding 

guidelines and, from awards made in 2017, 

a two-year holding period applies to 

long-term incentive awards in addition to 

the three-year performance period. Our 

detailed Directors’ Remuneration Report 

can be found in our 2018 Annual Report. 

The Remuneration Committee’s Terms of 

Reference were updated in 2018 to include 

responsibility for reviewing workforce 

remuneration practices and policies across 

the Group and the alignment of incentive 

and awards with culture, taking these into 

account when setting the policy for 

Executive Director remuneration.

To further increase transparency of 

executive remuneration and its alignment 

with the pay of other employees, we are 

publishing our CEO pay ratio one year in 

advance of the disclosure becoming a 

statutory requirement under the 

Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) 

Regulations 2018. The employee 

comparator group used for the purpose of 

this analysis is all UK employees. Further 

information on our CEO pay ratio is detailed 

in the Directors’ Remuneration Report.

Protecting the health, safety 

and wellbeing of our people

We are committed to ensuring compliance 

with health and safety legislation and 

standards to which all our businesses are 

subject and have adopted a Group-wide 

Health and Safety policy that applies to all 

our companies, locations and activities. 

In 2018, Jackson launched a staff 

engagement campaign encouraging 

employees to commit to safer driving 

behaviours. Our businesses are 

increasingly looking to computer-based 

training solutions to improve occupational 

health and safety standards, with Jackson 

rolling out Ergopoint and our UK businesses 

commencing the roll-out of Healthy 

Working for ergonomic assessment 

and training for office workstations. 

We seek accreditation where relevant 

to help us manage health and safety 

across our occupied estate and to drive 

improvements. For example, our 

UK property estate is certified to the 

occupational health and safety standard 

OHSAS 18001.

In 2017, we reported for the first time the 

number of working days lost due to injury 

or ill-health (excluding the day of the 

accident or illness, modelled on US OSHA 

standards) and any fatalities. For the 

year ending 31 December 2018, no 

fatalities were recorded (2017: zero) and 

13 accidents/instances of work-related 

ill-health were recorded, resulting in 274 

days of lost time (2017: six accidents and 

38 days lost). Nine of these incidents 

related to physical injuries (one each in 

Malaysia, Cambodia and the US and two 

each in Germany, Hong Kong and the UK). 

Seven of these physical injuries were 

caused by slips, trips and falls, one from 

a falling object and the other a fall from 

height, resulting in a total of 48 lost 

working days. Four incidents were due 

to work-related medical illness, resulting 

in long-term absence from work totalling 

226 lost days. Physical injuries were 

comparable to 2017 and improved 

awareness of illness at work may have 

contributed to reporting of medical 

illnesses for the first time. Investigations are 

carried out locally and support is provided 

where appropriate, for example through 

external occupational health providers. 

Our business units continue to be active 

in wellbeing programmes, with PruThrive 

workshops remaining popular in the UK. 

M&amp;GPrudential’s sponsorship of the 

Chelsea Flower Show was used to bring 

the workplace closer to nature through 

planting programmes, including a winter 

garden, and workplace design features 

inspired by nature. Employee wellbeing 

was integral to the design and fit-out of 

M&amp;GPrudential’s new corporate 

headquarters at 10 Fenchurch Avenue in 

London. Staircases have been installed to 

encourage walking between floors as 

opposed to taking the lift, racking installed 

for 194 cycles and showers provided for 

cyclists and runners. All workstations have 

been fitted with sit-stand height-adjustable 

desks as standard to allow for flexible 

working styles. Close attention has also 

been paid to indoor air quality by 

specifying paints, adhesives and soft 

furnishings with low volatile organic 

compound content.

People (continued)


www.prudential.co.uk 

Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 Prudential plc 19

Our supply chain

Managing ESG risks when sourcing goods and services, 

and throughout the lifecycle of our third-party relationships, 

is vital to our position as an ethical and responsible business. 

We take this position seriously and seek to both maximise 

value and minimise risk throughout our interactions with 

our supply chain.

Managing our supply chain risk

We work with a range of partners who 

support our business units with our IT 

network and systems, specialist 

professional and advisory services, 

facilities management, contractors and 

agents that form our distribution network. 

Our Group Code of Business Conduct 

outlines the values and standards that are 

required by each of our suppliers. Our 

Group Third Party Supply Policy is core to 

our supply chain governance and specifies 

our position on supply chain management, 

setting out our approach to due diligence, 

selection criteria, contractual requirements 

and ongoing monitoring of relationships. 

Our business units are responsible for 

managing third-party supply arrangements 

and are able to adopt further policies as 

they require, to meet localised operating 

conditions. Business units conduct due 

diligence before engaging with and 

ultimately selecting a new supplier. During 

this process, our employees are trained to 

ensure that the contractual arrangements 

reflect the requirements of those policies. 

Our supplier relationships are managed on 

an ongoing basis. We perform regular due 

diligence, review meetings and audits, 

where required, and our policies and 

procedures are supported by regular 

employee training exercises. Our ‘Speak 

Out’ whistleblowing service enables 

employees to raise any concerns they may 

have in relation to our third-party 

relationships, and our contractors and 

third-party suppliers are also able to use 

this service. The confidential service is 

available on our website and intranet, and 

through email, hotline and written format. 

More information on our whistleblowing 

service is available on page 14. 

Conducting due diligence on Babylon

We recognise that as society innovates 

there is a need to equip our customers 

with both traditional and modern services 

that support their long-term planning. 

This underpins our ambition to make 

healthcare accessible and affordable. 

Starting with our Asian markets, we 

partnered with Babylon to offer a world-

leading AI health assessor. Further 

information on Babylon is available on 

page 7 of this report. No matter how 

beneficial a service is it, we believe it is 

vital that all our partners meet the same 

procurement standards that we apply to 

ourselves. Before signing the partnership 

with Babylon we conducted extensive due 

diligence, carried out by our Group 

Security and Privacy teams. This covered 

Babylon’s processes and documentation 

around data protection and management. 

Though in most cases the existing 

procedures were already robust, where 

we believed they required strengthening 

these requirements were stipulated in the 

contract. We were conscious that this 

partnership would be multi-country, in 

a field where technology and regulations 

are changing very quickly. As such, 

our contract allows for navigating the 

regulatory landscape, giving our 

local business units sign-off that the 

deployment in their territory meets 

the local market regulations. We are 

contractually able to audit Babylon and 

ensure that it continues to meet our best 

practice standards.




20 Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 

www.prudential.co.uk

Our business units are required on an 

annual basis to formally attest that they 

are meeting the requirements of our Group 

Third Party Supply Policy, which is used to 

confirm the satisfactory state of compliance 

and, in the event of any problems, to allow 

for prompt corrective actions. Our Group 

Head Office uses an e-procurement 

system across all departments. This creates 

end-to-end automation for supplier spend 

at Group Head Office, covering supplier 

ordering, invoicing, payments and 

contracting. The system adds a new layer 

of control and visibility across our and our 

suppliers’ supply chain and enables 

purchasing and approvals to be conducted 

securely online. Our invoices are scanned 

then transmitted, with contracts signed 

and shared electronically – all part of our 

drive to be a transparent, accountable and 

responsible business. To ensure the correct 

due diligence is being applied, a weekly 

‘Deal Review Panel’ at Group Head Office 

reviews all new contract awards and 

renewals. This forum checks that standards 

are upheld, with departments including 

Group Compliance, Group Security, Group 

Privacy and Group Risk as key attendees.

Upholding our commitments 

to human rights 

Being a responsible business requires 

organisations to ensure that they meet and 

strive to surpass commitments to the UN’s 

Universal Declaration of Human Rights. 

We act with integrity to ensure that modern 

slavery, human trafficking, child labour or 

any other issue that subjugates human 

rights is eradicated from our supply chain. 

For more information around how we are 

identifying and managing our risks in 

relation to modern slavery, human 

trafficking, child and forced labour, please 

read our Modern Slavery Statement. 

2018 highlights

In 2018, we introduced a new ‘Responsible 

Business’ module to our third-party 

contract terms and conditions for our 

Group Head Office contracts, detailing 

new compliance conditions for our 

suppliers. Supplementing our existing 

conditions on modern slavery and human 

rights were new parameters on the Living 

Wage and ESG commitments. This 

contractually requires our suppliers to 

pay their employees either the London 

or UK Living Wage as set by the Greater 

London Authority and Centre for Research 

in Social Policy, respectively. We recognise 

the requirement for our business units to 

adhere to localised ESG-related regulatory 

requirements. Our supply chain forms 

part of that, and we similarly require 

all third parties to uphold relevant 

ESG legislation. If requested, suppliers 

to Prudential plc should be able to 

demonstrate their compliance with 

this contractual obligation.

At Group Head Office, we invested in 

Workday, a finance and human resources 

system. Becoming live in 2019, Workday 

will change the way we pay our suppliers. 

Many of the suppliers we work with are 

financially and operationally smaller than 

us, and we are committed to ensuring that 

we pay them promptly. Through the use of 

the Workday e-Procurement and General 

Ledger system, we seek to accelerate the 

processes for managing supplier invoices 

and increase accountability at Group Head 

Office for resolving queries. 

Our new partnership with Tata Consultancy Services 

Our new partnership with Tata 

Consultancy Services (TCS) consists of 

two separate agreements. The first is with 

Diligenta (the FCA-regulated subsidiary 

of TCS) and covers the administration 

of around 6 million life and pension and 

annuity contracts for an initial term of 

10 years, and commenced in August 

2018. The contract also provides for 

the migration and consolidation of 

Prudential UK’s systems over a four-year 

transformation programme, ensuring 

that the business is more adept at 

responding to the needs of customers 

and other stakeholders.

The second contract with TCS covers 

infrastructure hosting, telephony and 

network provision of the existing IT 

estate, across all of the Prudential Group’s 

UK business, including M&amp;GPrudential 

and Group Head Office functions. 

Services commenced on 1 May 2018, 

and will run for up to seven years.

Implementation of the IT services 

agreement in May 2018 resulted in 

the transfer of around 200 roles from 

Prudential to TCS under TUPE. The 

transition of Capita (life and pensions 

administration) services to Diligenta 

on 1 August 2018 involved the transfer 

of over 1,100 UK roles under TUPE 

arrangements. In India, where TUPE 

regulations do not apply, around 700 

further Capita colleagues were rehired by 

TCS. Annuities servicing was transitioned 

from Prudential to Diligenta on 1 October 

2018, resulting in the transfer of around 

450 UK-based colleagues under TUPE, 

and the rehire of close to 200 colleagues 

in India by TCS.

Since the strategic partnership began, the 

customer service team have worked hard 

to deliver new ways of working refocused 

on end-to-end customer journeys. This 

has driven significant improvements in 

customer satisfaction and operational 

efficiency, reducing end-to-end 

customer journey times.

A number of significant digital 

improvements have already been 

delivered, including:

 

— Introducing new best-in-class contact 

centre infrastructure, significantly 

reducing call waiting times and 

ensuring customers get through to the 

right colleague much more quickly 

than before; 

 

— Moving a number of our operational 

teams to the new industry-leading TCS 

BaNCS platform, making it quicker and 

easier for customers to self-serve and 

access funds from their bonds online. 

This has reduced the time to release 

customer funds by over 80 per cent, 

and has now been rolled out to advisers 

acting on behalf of their clients; and 

 

— Deployment of a new platform for 

MyPru, the engine for growing our 

self-service proposition, and an 

enhanced registration process, cutting 

the time it takes to just minutes, and 

removing reliance on paper.

Our supply chain (continued)


www.prudential.co.uk 

Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 Prudential plc 21

Technology

New technologies present new risks and we are vigilant in 

working to identify these and to manage both old and new 

risks in ways that are proportionate to and commensurate 

with the threats our business faces. At the same time, we are 

making significant investments in technology as we continue 

to upgrade our digital capabilities to provide a more seamless 

customer experience.

Delivering digital

The Group is making significant 

investments in technology. These new 

technologies help us to provide better 

service that gives our customers what they 

want, when they want it. This is delivered 

through channels that suit their needs 

and fast-changing expectations. New 

technologies also help us as an organisation 

to better manage risk. As asset managers 

and asset owners, technology is also 

helping us to make more informed 

decisions about how and where to invest. 

As part of our ongoing digital 

transformation strategy, the Jackson 

Digital Advisor Success Hub (DASH) was 

launched in 2018. A publicly accessible 

website, Jackson DASH connects advisers 

with client-friendly tools and resources, 

helping consumers understand the value 

that annuities can provide. The Purpose 

Meets Planning Tool enables financial 

professionals to quickly and easily assess 

the benefit of adding an annuity to a client’s 

retirement plan. It provides three different 

scenarios for clients to explore their 

options: plug an annuity in, take it back out, 

and see instantly how different their 

circumstances can be. In September 2018, 

Jackson announced that it would offer its 

complete product suite of advisory 

annuities on the Envestnet Insurance 

Exchange. The new collaboration brings 

together Jackson, a leading provider of 

annuities in the US, with a leading provider 

of intelligent systems for wealth 

management and financial wellness.

For the second year, we invited scale-ups 

from all over the world to take part in 

Prudential Singapore’s digital innovation 

programme, the PRUFintegrate 

Partnership. The programme aims to 

foster innovation and collaboration, using 

technology to make insurance as simple as 

possible for our customers. Highlighting 

our commitment to digital innovation, we 

will be a Grand Sponsor of the Singapore 

FinTech Festival until 2022. In Singapore, 

we also launched PRUworks, a digital 

ecosystem designed to help small and 

medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) grow 

their business as well as attract and retain 

talent. This one-stop portal is designed for 

SMEs, which make up make more than 

99 per cent of Singapore’s businesses and 

employ up to 65 per cent of the workforce 

in the country. PRUworks gives business 

owners, human resources teams and 

employees easy and convenient access 

to insurance, employee benefits and 

business solutions in one seamless digital 

experience. Since its launch in June 2018, 

we have onboarded more than 200 SME 

customers and aim to increase this number 

to 5,000 by the end of 2019. In Singapore, 

we were awarded the Innovation and 

Emerging Technologies award for askPRU. 

Launched in-country last year, askPRU was 

described by the judges as an example of 

service excellence and innovation in the 

insurance industry.

We continue to explore how technology 

can be harnessed to process data into 

insights, enabling us to provide increasingly 

personalised services to our customers. For 

example, PCA Life Taiwan has established 

a strategic partnership with Taiwan Medical 

University to develop ‘health propensity 

models’, using AI to help provide people 

with greater insights into their health. 

Using National Health Insurance’s data, 

the AI-powered models analyse the risks 

of chronic diseases and cancers based on 

an individual’s personal information such 

as age, blood type and family medical 

history. Users then receive customised 

health tips and recommendations on how 

to lead healthier lifestyles. 

As well as constantly enhancing the 

services that we offer to customers, we 

use technology to enhance our internal 

operations. During 2018, M&amp;GPrudential 

focused on implementing Aladdin, 

BlackRock’s operating system for 

investment managers, with 1,200 

portfolios and over 500 users going live 

in April. This has enabled us to proceed 

with simplifying and modernising our 

technology estate by decommissioning 

several systems. During 2018, Eastspring 

rolled out Aladdin across more than 600 

portfolios managed in Singapore, Malaysia, 

Indonesia, Japan and Vietnam. Taiwan and 

Thailand are to follow in 2019.


22 Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 

www.prudential.co.uk

The cyber risk landscape

For all businesses, the theft of large 

quantities of personal data has become 

increasingly common, at significant cost to 

consumers and businesses. For us, as for 

many other businesses, the impact of such 

events has the potential to be more severe 

in the future as our business changes and 

becomes increasingly digital. These types 

of incidents also have the potential to have 

a significant impact on the continuity of our 

business, our customer relationships and 

our brand reputation, as well as to diminish 

customers’ trust in engaging digitally with 

us and all businesses. The knock-on effect 

of this could be that many of the social 

benefits of new technology, such as 

financial inclusion and greater access to 

primary healthcare, may not be realised. In 

this context, cyber risk remains a prominent 

concern and focus area for ourselves, 

regulators and businesses globally. 

How we manage cyber risk 

Our cyber strategy is designed to deliver 

against three objectives: protect the 

business, comply with applicable laws 

and regulations, and support the growth 

of the business. A number of workstreams 

underpin the delivery of the strategy, 

covering risk prevention, the Group-wide 

baseline of security controls and capability, 

and resilience. This strategy supports the 

business to prioritise and make informed, 

risk-based decisions. These benefits will 

continue to be delivered throughout 2019 

as the strategy matures under the recently 

appointed Group Chief Information 

Security Officer, who leads the Group-

wide Security team (a ‘first line of defence’ 

team) and reports to the Group Chief 

Digital Officer. 

A key element to managing cyber risk 

and strategies is to have good information, 

which our executives and other 

stakeholders across the business can use 

to inform their decision-making and to 

satisfy themselves that cyber risk is being 

appropriately managed. We monitor our 

cyber risks through our Group-wide cyber 

key performance indicators (KPIs), which 

map to the industry-leading National 

Institute of Standards and Technology 

(NIST). Our cyber KPIs cover 10 key areas 

of cyber security and were created using 

the ‘Goal, Question, Metric’ approach first 

developed by Victor Basili at the University 

of Maryland. 

This approach seeks to derive business-

focused insights from KPIs, focusing on the 

effectiveness of current risk management 

practices and levels of residual risk for the 

executive to consider. Our cyber KPIs are 

collated and analysed by the Group 

Information Security team (a ‘second line 

of defence’ team) and are reported to the 

Group Risk Committee on a monthly basis. 

In addition, each business unit has an 

embedded security team, ie in the ‘first line 

of defence’, that measures, analyses and 

makes regular reports to the respective 

executive team regarding the effectiveness 

of the controls environment.  

An annual in-depth, evidence-based 

analysis of our Group-wide cyber 

capabilities, also aligned to the NIST 

standard, was also completed in 2018. 

This is a key element of the assurance 

programme, which follows an annual cycle 

of information-gathering, attestation and 

assessment, with reports and reviews 

presented monthly to committees and 

forums with oversight responsibility, 

including the Group Information Security 

Committee and the Group Executive Risk 

Committee. Recommendations and 

management actions are highlighted 

to these committees where necessary 

to drive action across the Group. This 

augments the governance and risk 

management performed within each 

business unit and provides a Group-wide 

global view and assurance. During the 

course of 2018, 18 reports on topics such 

as cyber security performance, as well as 

threat intelligence updates, have been 

provided to various Executive Committees, 

including the Group Executive Committee 

and the Group Risk Committee. The 

analysis we conduct, the programme 

delivered and the KPIs we gather as part 

of this programme are kept under constant 

review to ensure that they remain aligned 

to the business and continue to facilitate 

business decision-making and thus 

reduce cyber risk.

The assurance programme continues to 

evolve to ensure that the way we manage 

cyber risk remains effective and includes all 

three elements of cyber risk management 

– people, processes and technology. 

This is vital as changes to our business, 

the technologies we use and our operating 

environment continue to gather pace. For 

example, throughout 2018 we continually 

reviewed and made adjustments where 

necessary to our KPIs. This is to ensure 

that they provide appropriate oversight 

and cover areas of cyber risk that may 

have been introduced as a consequence 

of new technologies. Similarly, we continue 

to identify, adjust and review the cyber 

capabilities we need. The Group-wide 

policies and standards for information and 

cyber security, which were refreshed in 

2018 to reflect the rapid advance in cyber 

threats, have been introduced and will be 

reviewed annually and adjusted where 

necessary to reflect a changing operational 

environment. Third-party and supplier 

assurance is also critical to our cyber risk 

management and as such we run a 

programme of assurance which spans the 

life cycle of the third-party relationship. 

This includes pre-contract screening and 

assessment, ongoing review, contractual 

protections and agreements on minimum 

controls, robust network access controls, 

and termination procedures to protect 

business and customer data. 

Throughout the year, Board members, 

including non-executives, have received 

one-to-one training on cyber threats, 

including privacy, by a senior manager 

of the Group Information Security team. 

All staff and contractors are also provided 

with comprehensive information security 

training annually. This is further supported 

by simulated phishing exercises at least 

quarterly, where staff receive imitation 

phishing emails to test their responses 

and raise awareness of new and 

common attacks.

Technology (continued) 


www.prudential.co.uk 

Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 Prudential plc 23

Resilience has long been a key 

consideration in cyber risk management 

and the cyber security strategy for 

Prudential Group. This was further 

emphasised in 2018 by the FCA and 

PRA’s joint publication of the discussion 

paper ‘Building the UK Financial Sector’s 

Operational Resilience’, which highlighted 

cyber security as a key factor of operational 

resilience. As it is impossible to guarantee 

that no incident will ever occur, preparation 

for rapid and appropriate response is 

critical to ensuring resilience. For this 

reason, well defined response plans 

and training for staff involved in cross-

functional incident management 

teams form a fundamental component 

of our strategy to protect the business. 

Not only are incident response plans 

developed, maintained and tested 

regularly, but the Group Information 

Security team works closely with business 

continuity and disaster recovery teams to 

ensure alignment of plans and support in 

the event of an incident. Regular scenario-

based testing of these processes serves to 

both confirm the effectiveness of the plans 

and provide assurance that staff, including 

senior executives, are prepared for such 

an event. 

The Group has an established Cyber Threat 

Intelligence team that assists our businesses 

with understanding the cyber threats we 

face and provides guidance on how to 

protect and mitigate against these threats. 

The principal threat we face is that of 

criminality, but we continue to monitor 

a number of threat actors ranging from 

‘hacktivists’ through to nation states. While 

the risk of a sophisticated, targeted attack 

from one of these actors remains low, 

there is a higher risk of our systems being 

‘collateral damage’ in a more widespread, 

untargeted attack similar to those that have 

been highlighted in the press.

We believe that knowledge-sharing 

across our businesses is key to a mature 

intelligence function and we use a variety 

of mechanisms, including a Group-wide 

threat intelligence-sharing platform and 

weekly telephone conferences with 

representatives of each of the business 

security teams, to ensure timely visibility 

and dissemination of intelligence to 

proactively defend the business. In the 

last year, we have further enhanced our 

collaboration tools and launched a weekly 

threat bulletin to provide situational 

awareness to a wider audience in 

information security.

In 2019, recognising that the threat landscape 

will continue to evolve, we continue to 

develop and strengthen our cyber 

defences and management of cyber risk. 

To maximise effectiveness and efficiencies 

we are looking to establish global cyber 

centres of excellence. We shall be exploring 

new machine learning and augmented 

intelligence technologies to identify if 

they can be used Group-wide to enhance 

and/or improve our understanding and 

management of cyber risk. 

2018 highlights 

In Asia, the focus of our 2018 cyber 

programme has been around improving 

the efficacy of the security operations, 

through automation and deployment of 

machine learning and data analytics tools, 

to promptly detect and respond to any 

potential threat encountered. For example, 

an advanced hacking simulation tool has 

been implemented across the region to 

enable automated validation of our 

security controls. In Asia we are also 

rolling out an endpoint security tool, 

with machine learning, to strengthen 

threat detection capabilities. 

Embedding cyber security 

Good cyber security culture is pivotal 

to the management of our business 

operations and our customers’ data. The 

Group-wide Information Security team 

has developed an approach to understand 

and measure the cyber security culture 

across the various IT and security teams in 

the Group. Based on recognised academic 

research, a small Group-wide pilot was 

rolled out in 2018. The results to date are 

promising. In addition to adding 

granularity to our understanding of the 

management of cyber risk across the 

Group, the results have the potential to 

drive changes in awareness and personal 

development programmes. Further 

work is required and there is the potential 

to better understand regional and 

occupational group differences in 

attitudes towards managing cyber 

security risk. 




24 Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 

www.prudential.co.uk

Recognising the importance of the human 

element of security, a new cyber awareness 

programme, a phishing simulation 

campaign, a security control self-

assessment and an external cyber 

surveillance tool have been rolled out to 

enhance overall cyber awareness and 

cyber risk management practices.

Building upon work undertaken during 

2017, Jackson made investments in 2018 

designed to further protect client data. 

New technology was deployed to address 

growing threats related to impersonation 

attempts. For example, capabilities were 

enhanced to more quickly detect 

fraudulent callers with real-time monitors, 

and multi-factor authentication using a 

mobile application was deployed for 

advisers and customers who connect for 

online self-service. Jackson also created 

a new data protection team to improve 

protection of customer data and prepare 

for expanding regulatory requirements.

2018 was a year of significant change 

for our UK and Europe business following 

the merger of M&amp;G Investments and 

Prudential UK &amp; Europe to create 

M&amp;GPrudential. In this context the Security 

teams have merged into a single function 

and continue to help the business manage 

its cyber risk, which includes the risk of a 

malicious cyber attack resulting in the loss 

of data or impact to availability or integrity 

of Prudential systems. This new team will 

continue to identify further efficiencies 

and effectiveness opportunities.

Privacy and data protection 

In 2018, the Group Privacy Policy 

and supporting guidance documents 

became operational and the programme 

to implement the standards required for 

the General Data Protection Regulation 

(GDPR) continued across the in-scope 

businesses, in order to prepare for the 

new law, which came into force on 25 May. 

Working groups were mobilised across 

key areas including training and awareness, 

data subject rights, third parties and data 

protection by design. The focus is now 

on maintaining awareness as well as 

enhancing and embedding activities that 

were implemented as part of the GDPR 

programme, in order to strengthen and 

sustain ongoing compliance. 

A Data Protection Officer has been 

appointed to monitor compliance with the 

GDPR, provide advice on the firm’s privacy 

obligations and act as a point of contact for 

European data subjects and supervisory 

authorities. A Group Privacy Office has 

also been established, which owns the 

Group Privacy Policy and maintains 

oversight of privacy compliance. In 

addition, the office is working with Group 

businesses across Asia, Africa and the US 

to support and advise on ongoing privacy 

compliance. This is being done through 

privacy reviews, ongoing awareness 

activities and ensuring that privacy is a key 

consideration during change activities.

Technology (continued) 


www.prudential.co.uk 

Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 Prudential plc 25

Environmental performance 

We recognise the risks and opportunities posed by climate 

change and our impact on the environment, and we strive to 

play our part in reducing both our direct and indirect impacts 

where possible. Our approach includes not only understanding 

our impact on the environment, through measuring and 

improving the environmental performance of our global 

operations, but also developing our understanding of the 

environment’s potential impact on our business.

This section covers our programmes to 

manage the direct environmental impacts 

of our operational property estate. Further 

information on our role as an asset 

manager and owner and how we manage 

our indirect environmental impacts can 

be found in the Responsible investment 

section on page 9. This includes work 

undertaken in response to the need 

for enhanced climate-related financial 

disclosures established by the FSB’s 

TCFD recommendations.

Managing our direct impacts

Our Group Code of Business Conduct 

underpins all our activities, including 

minimising the direct impacts of our 

operations on the environment. In addition, 

our Group-wide Environment Policy 

applies to our operational properties 

worldwide, guiding our approach to the 

management of the direct impacts of our 

business units, including compliance with 

environmental regulations, energy 

consumption, water use, waste disposal, 

environmental supply chain management 

and the adoption of risk management 

principles for all property-related matters, 

such as leasing and development.

Our Corporate Property team has global 

accountability for the Group-wide 

Environment Policy, reviewing business 

unit performance against targets, sharing 

best practice and reporting progress to 

the Board. This section summarises our 

progress against these targets.

Prudential Corporation Asia launches 

energy and water audit programme 

The first six energy and water audits of the 

20 largest sites in the Asia region (based on 

energy intensity/cost) were conducted 

during 2018. Assessments were completed 

in Hong Kong, Indonesia, the Philippines 

and Thailand against the ASHRAE Level 1 

requirements for commercial building 

energy audits. Total savings of 1.6 MWhs 

from improvement opportunities were 

identified and shared with all local business 

units within the region. 

Of the total savings, 38 per cent were 

through lighting upgrades and motion 

sensors, a further 28 per cent from simple 

operational changes (such as reducing 

speeds of fan coil units and increasing 

temperature set points in server room air 

conditioning systems) and the remainder 

from IT equipment (switching to energy-

saving mode), optimising back-up power 

requirements in server rooms and 

assigning designated air-conditioned 

zones for out-of-hours working. 

Cost-effective improvements for water 

reduction were more limited (single 

WC replacement identified).

A further seven audits are scheduled for 

delivery in 2019, with a view to completing 

the full programme of audits by 2020. 

We will report further on improvements 

identified and delivered through the audit 

programme in future reporting. 




26 Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 

www.prudential.co.uk

We continue to adopt environmental 

accreditation where appropriate to help us 

minimise the environmental impacts of our 

operations, validate good performance and 

drive continual improvement. As part of 

our ongoing environmental management 

system (ISO 14001:2015) in the UK, we 

achieved zero non-conformities in 2018, 

and focused on improving recycling rates 

and minimising single-use vending cups 

and plastics, as well as completing the 

roll-out of advanced energy analytics 

software across our largest UK properties 

following a successful trial. In 2018 we 

joined more than 150 other leading 

corporates in signing up to RE100, 

committing to achieving the use of 

100 per cent renewable energy. We also 

pursue sustainability certifications for 

major property projects, such as BREEAM 

Excellent for M&amp;GPrudential’s new 

headquarters in London.

Our 2018 environmental 

performance and initiatives

Sector benchmarks

We participate in external benchmarks 

on our management of climate change 

risks and opportunities. In 2018, the CDP 

(formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project) 

aligned its annual climate change 

disclosure assessment with the FSB’s TCFD 

Framework. The Group scored strongly, 

with a B grading, although this is down 

from our score of A- in 2017. Changes to 

the questionnaire this year have made it 

more challenging for financial services 

companies, but we remain committed to 

enhancing our climate change disclosures, 

in line with TCFD. We continue to make 

progress against the six core principles for 

insurance industry action on climate 

change in ClimateWise, managed by the 

Cambridge Institute for Sustainability 

Leadership. We increased our 

ClimateWise score to 78 per cent (2017: 

71 per cent), placing us joint second out 

of 16 participants, our highest-ever 

ranking. We believe this is due to our 

increased focus on ESG within reporting, 

covering our operational sustainability 

work, such as projects in the UK and 

energy efficiency work in Asia.

Global environmental targets 

framework

In 2016, we established a global 

environmental targets framework and 

roadmap to drive progress across a range 

of environmental aspects and impacts 

for our operational property portfolio 

worldwide. This framework aligns to our 

regional footprints covering Asia, the UK 

and the US, reflecting the maturity of our 

environmental management practices 

in these markets and the autonomy given 

to our business units in managing their 

operations. We have reviewed the 

framework, added our RE100 target 

and completed a full update on progress 

against the targets in the roadmap, 

summarised below under the headings of:

1 Energy and climate change

2 Construction and refurbishment

3 Waste and recycling

4 Water consumption

5 Sustainable procurement

For the year ending December 2018, we 

have completed or are on track with 18 of 

our targets, nine are running behind plan 

but with actions in place to get back on 

track, and four have not progressed. We 

continue to improve the scope and quality 

of our data collection, moving away from 

estimation to direct measurement and 

billing. For example, we have improved the 

scope of our air travel data to capture flights 

booked from the UK, Europe and Africa for 

the first time. With the demerger 

underway, some elements of the roadmap, 

such as the development of science-based 

targets, have been put on hold and will be 

reviewed in 2019. 

1	 Energy	and	climate	change	–	

understanding	our	impacts,	reducing	

our	greenhouse	gas	emissions	and	

developing	longer-term	actions

We recognise the importance of our 

own internal environmental targets and 

decarbonisation goals in reducing our 

direct footprint. In 2018, global energy use 

across our occupied estate was 127,098 

MWh (2017: 129,324 MWh), a decrease 

of 1.7 per cent. Our absolute Scope 1 and 

Scope 2 (market-based) greenhouse gas 

emissions decreased by 7 per cent to 

61,317 tCO2e (2017: 65,979 tCO2e 

restated) across our occupied estate. 

When normalised against net lettable 

floor area, our Scope 1 and 2 emissions 

fell by 13 per cent to 99 kg CO2e/m2, 

influenced by a number of factors such 

as decarbonisation of the UK/European 

grid (cleaner electricity generation), 

outsourcing our UK data centres and a 

7 per cent increase in occupied floor area. 

We continue to apply energy reduction 

programmes across our estate, including 

installing energy-efficient equipment 

such as LED lighting, improved efficiencies 

with Variable Speed Drives and air 

handling units. Use of advanced data 

analytics at key UK buildings identified 

147 actions to reduce energy wastage, 

resulting in estimated potential cost 

savings of £85,000. 

In 2018, Jackson completed a further 

three Energy Star assessments, in addition 

to the two completed in 2017. The US 

Environmental Protection Agency 

Energy Star scheme is a certification 

programme and performance benchmark 

identifying the buildings nationwide 

that use 35 per cent less energy than 

typical buildings.

As a Group, we signed up to RE100 in 2018 

to achieve 100 per cent renewable electricity 

by 2025 across our occupied and managed 

investment estates. Thirty per cent of our 

global electricity consumption is procured 

from 100 per cent certified renewable 

sources (solar PV and onshore wind). 

Looking ahead, we will develop roadmaps 

in 2019 for the demerged businesses to set 

out strategies to achieve this target, on 

a country-by-country basis. 

As our business becomes increasingly 

global, we recognise the importance of 

understanding the impact of air travel on 

our overall carbon footprint. We have 

disclosed Scope 3 greenhouse gas 

emissions data from air travel booked from 

the UK, Europe and Africa. Our reported 

air travel data amounted to 21,622 tCO2e, 

representing a 50 per cent increase over 

preliminary estimates made in the prior 

year (2017: 14,413 tCO2e). We aim for 

completeness in reporting of Scope 3 

emissions across all our business units and 

all the markets in which we operate and 

will work to extend our reporting to include 

business travel emissions by air for Asia 

and the US.

Our carbon footprint from air travel is 

a significant contribution to our emissions. 

As part of a holistic approach to the 

management of our operational emissions, 

we will focus management effort on 

reducing the need for travel through the 

deployment of digitally enabled office 

working practices and offsetting emissions 

from unavoidable flights as final mitigation. 

This offsetting programme will be 

developed in 2019 for deployment across 

both Prudential plc and M&amp;GPrudential 

post-demerger. 

Environmental performance (continued)


www.prudential.co.uk 

Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 Prudential plc 27

Further information about our greenhouse 

gas emissions reporting can be found here, 

including an assurance statement provided 

by Deloitte.

2	 Construction	and	refurbishment	

–	delivering	sustainable	outcomes	

through	property	projects	and	improved	

wellbeing	of	our	employees	

Refurbishment projects and new office 

builds provide an opportunity to improve 

the environmental performance of our 

estate. Each business unit has the 

autonomy to deliver sustainable building 

certification most relevant to its region and 

develop standards or guidelines 

considered most appropriate in its market. 

For example, Prudential Corporation Asia 

developed a Smart Leasing Toolkit for use 

by local business units to leverage good 

and best-practice environmental outcomes 

during lease negotiations with landlords. 

Topics included the sharing of utility 

information, sub-metering, shared energy 

reduction targets and minimising 

unnecessary restatement works prior to 

surrendering leases. Environmental 

construction guidelines have also been 

prepared for reducing the environmental 

impact of fit-outs and refurbishment works 

where appropriate. A range of options is 

set out in the guide, with progressively 

more demanding requirements, including 

suggested environmental certification 

ratings (eg LEED and Green Mark), energy 

efficiency standards, renewable energy 

targets, low volatile organic compound 

materials (eg low-solvent content paints 

and adhesives), indoor air quality, 

responsible sourcing, waste segregation 

and recycling.

M&amp;GPrudential’s new headquarters 

building in London is targeting BREEAM 

Excellent, with a 64 per cent rating 

achieved year-to-date, and is on track 

to deliver the 70 per cent required by 

this sustainability standard on project 

completion. As part of the move from its 

existing office, M&amp;GPrudential worked 

across its supply chain to target zero waste 

to landfill in terms of surplus office 

equipment and furniture disposals. 

Furniture was either redeployed to other 

office locations, auctioned off to other 

users or recycled.

Leveraging our supply chain to  

deliver a sustainable community legacy  

for M&amp;GPrudential’s new HQ 

The fit-out of the new HQ building for 

M&amp;GPrudential was one of the largest 

construction projects commissioned 

by the Group in recent years. With 

M&amp;GPrudential’s strong track record in 

supporting disadvantaged communities, 

we brought together the skills of our 

supply chain and volunteers from 

M&amp;GPrudential and Corporate Property, 

to deliver new green space for a primary 

school in a disadvantaged neighbourhood 

of East London.

Through partnering with the Royal 

Horticultural Society, we supported 

and challenged the students to meet 

our sustainable design brief and develop 

their team-working, research, creativity, 

problem-solving and presentation skills. 

A total of 59 Year 6 pupils (ages 10–11) 

were set the challenge of designing 

three sustainable garden spaces at their 

school, including: 

i 

 Using plants specifically selected to 

combat air pollution from vehicles;

ii  Providing enhanced green space for 

both students and residents to enjoy 

(many of whom live in high-rise 

residences with limited or no garden 

space); and

iii  Establishing an outside classroom and 

refreshed garden club space to bring 

students closer to nature, enabling 

them to grow their own fruit and 

vegetables, encourage wildlife and 

develop a deeper understanding of 

sustainability and the value of gardens 

for improved health and wellbeing.

These ideas were used to inspire the 

design of each garden. Staff volunteers 

re-used surplus materials from the 

project and we applied the skills of our 

fit-out contractor, joiners, bricklayers, 

landscaping supplier and total facilities 

management provider to turn these 

ideas into reality. Over 750 hours of 

volunteering time from our staff and 

supply chain were provided to deliver 

the project over the year. In establishing 

these sustainable garden spaces, we 

now have a platform to further build our 

relationship with the school, improve 

educational outcomes and raise 

aspiration for future career choices. 




28 Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 

www.prudential.co.uk

Our new Group Head Office in London is 

rated as BREEAM Excellent. The building 

operates a mixed recycling and residual 

waste system, and the building’s Property 

Management Team is committed to 

diverting 100 per cent waste from landfill. 

The building also features 296 bicycle 

parking spaces with locker and 

shower facilities. 

3	 Waste	and	recycling	–	reducing	

the	waste	we	generate	and	diverting	

waste	from	landfill	through	recycling	

and	recovery	

Significant improvements were made to 

the scope and quality of our non-

hazardous waste reporting during 2018. 

We generated 2,026 tonnes of waste from 

the UK and US (2017: 1,947 tonnes, UK 

and US only). It is common practice in the 

Asia region for landlords to manage 

general/non-recyclable waste on a 

collective basis for all the tenants in a 

building, with tenants then looking after 

recycled streams. These data are not 

reported here and we will continue to 

explore how best to report waste data 

for this geography.

Of the UK and US total, 82 per cent was 

diverted from landfill through recycling 

or incineration (2017: 82 per cent, UK and 

US only). The greenhouse gas emissions 

associated with our waste are calculated 

at 72 tCO2e, a small overall contribution 

to our corporate footprint in comparison 

to buildings’ energy use and air travel. 

The development of waste management 

guidelines for our Asia businesses to raise 

awareness of the waste management 

hierarchy and good practices has been 

rescheduled for delivery in 2019.

We continue to collaborate with our 

suppliers to seek opportunities to increase 

our recycling rate. We do not currently 

report the waste associated with our 

products and services, as this is considered 

immaterial to our overall waste footprint. 

Furthermore, as an office-based business, 

we are not large producers of hazardous 

waste (1 per cent of UK waste) and so do 

not currently capture this in our global 

reporting. We continue to review the use of 

disposable plastics in our offices. 

4	 Water	consumption	–	assessing	

and	reducing	our	use	of	water

Absolute use of water across our global 

occupied estate increased by 1.6 per cent 

to 264,355 m3 (2017: 260,100 m3, restated) 

following improvements in the quality of 

data collection. When normalised against 

headcount, our use of water increased 

by 0.8 per cent to 11.03 m3/employee 

(2017: 10.94m3/employee restated). 

No sourcing issues were identified in 

2018. Water audits were completed in 

six of our larger serviced offices in Asia 

during 2018 (see page 25), although 

opportunities to reduce consumption 

at these sites were considered low. 

Opportunities to reduce consumption in 

our larger UK and US offices offer more 

potential where we exercise greater control 

on facility-related investments. 

In the US, computer control monitoring and 

additional metering have been installed at 

Jackson’s Corporate Way campus. This 

automatically detects a variance in flow of 

greater than 10 per cent and shuts down 

the water supply to the affected zone to 

enable investigation. Since its introduction, 

there has been a 6.7 per cent reduction in 

water use across the campus. Accurate 

baselines will be established to enable 

targets to be set. In the UK, additional 

metering will be installed at our Craigforth 

campus in Scotland in 2019 to help track 

consumption and inform the setting of 

reduction targets as part of a wider UK 

portfolio approach.  

5	 Sustainable	procurement	–	

partnering	with	our	supply	chain	

to	deliver	sustainable	solutions	and	

source	responsibly

Our procurement and supplier relationship 

management teams ensure that 

environmental sustainability requirements 

feature in key contracts with our supply 

chain partners. For example, in the UK 

the Group re-tendered our total facilities 

management and catering contracts for 

our operational property portfolio in 2018, 

including sustainability deliverables for 

both. Corporate Property continues to work 

with our new catering supplier to set targets 

and establish improvement programmes.

Enforcement actions

No fines or regulatory enforcement actions 

occurred during the year for environmental 

incidents (2017: zero). 

Environmental performance (continued)


www.prudential.co.uk 

Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 Prudential plc 29

Our community investment strategy 

is closely aligned with our business 

purpose and with our stakeholders’ 

concerns and interests, focused on 

four principal themes: social inclusion, 

education and life skills, disaster 

preparedness and employee engagement.

We establish long-term relationships 

with our charity partners to ensure that the 

projects we support are sustainable, and 

we work closely with them to ensure that 

our programmes continuously improve.

Our approach to community 

investment 

We maintain long-term relationships with 

our charity partners, providing support 

through both funding and skills-based 

volunteering led by our employees. 

Our business units have the autonomy 

to manage their community investment 

programmes, depending on the local 

market need. They are guided by our 

strategy and framework for investing in 

the community. This is set out in our 

Group-wide Community Investment 

Policy. The policy outlines minimum 

standards expected from our community 

investment programmes and prohibits 

political funding and contributions to 

religious organisations with a clear aim 

to propagate a set faith. 

Being a responsible business requires 

a connection to, and an understanding 

of, the local issues communities face. 

We believe that our business units are 

best placed to manage community 

investment. In the US and Europe, Jackson 

and M&amp;GPrudential have governance 

committees in place that regularly review 

community investment activity, strategy 

and spend. In Asia, the Prudence 

Supporting our 

communities

We take an active approach in helping tackle environmental 

and social challenges. Our strong contribution, harnessing 

the commitment of our people, continues to improve lives 

and build communities, wherever we work.

Jackson Charitable Trust –  

building access to financial education

In 2018, in addition to Cha-Ching, 

Jackson’s Charitable Foundation 

sponsored Ramsey Education’s 

Foundations in Personal Finance 

curriculum in 250 high schools across 

the US. The Foundation, which has a 

mission to advance financial knowledge 

on a national scale, has teamed up with 

Ramsey Education to ensure that more 

than 20,000 high school students have 

access to this critical financial education 

programme that teaches valuable skills 

to prepare them for a life of financial 

freedom. More than 3 million students 

have benefited from Foundations in  

Personal Finance in middle schools, 

high schools and universities nationwide. 

Foundations in Personal Finance can 

be used as a primary resource to 

fulfil requirements in mathematics, 

economics, family consumer science, 

business mathematics and personal 

finance. Educators who use this 

programme see their students build 

confidence, security and hope. They 

share stories of students going to college 

debt-free, paying cash for their first car, 

or even helping their parents learn about 

the importance of an emergency fund. 




30 Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 

www.prudential.co.uk

Foundation, established as a unified 

charitable organisation governed by a 

statutory Board of Directors, maximises 

the impact of its investment across a large 

geographical reach. In Africa, Group Head 

Office oversees community investment 

initiatives that are vetted and approved 

during our annual reviews. 

The Board regularly reviews the Group’s 

community investment performance and 

scrutinises and approves the strategy on an 

annual basis. Paul Manduca, Chairman of 

Prudential plc, is the Board sponsor for 

corporate responsibility. The Material 

Subsidiary Boards oversee the business 

unit corporate responsibility initiatives. 

All business units submit comprehensive 

Board Reports to the Subsidiary Board 

and to the Board of Prudential plc annually, 

providing detailed information on major 

strategic initiatives. 

Monitoring and measuring 

our programmes

As a Group, we review all community 

investment activities to ensure they meet 

expectations. We believe that being a 

responsible business means going beyond 

charitable cash donations for programmes. 

We believe the focus of our community 

activities should be strategic and long-

term. Programmes that we support include 

significant in-kind support and skills-based 

employee volunteering. 

We use performance metrics that are 

aligned to the London Benchmarking 

Group (LBG) guidelines. These are used 

by Group Head Office to monitor progress 

and cover the value of: cash and in-kind 

contributions, employee volunteering and 

management costs. 

In 2018, the Group spent £27.3 million 

supporting community activities. The 

direct cash donations to charitable 

organisations amounted to £19.6 million, 

of which approximately £4.4 million came 

from our UK and Europe operations. The 

remaining £15.2 million was contributed 

to charitable organisations by Jackson 

and Prudential Corporation Asia.

The cash contribution to charitable 

organisations from our UK and EU 

operations is broken down as follows: 

education £2,337,000; social, welfare 

and environment £1,995,000 and 

cultural £64,000.

The balance includes in-kind donations 

as set out on the Group website 

and is prepared in accordance with 

LBG guidelines. This included 11,710 

employees who dedicated 117,491 hours 

of volunteer service in their communities, 

both of which were record figures for 

the Group. Furthermore, £479,633 

was donated across the Group by our 

employees through our payroll 

giving scheme.

Our 2018 community investment reporting 

is assured by Deloitte LLP. Further 

information and Deloitte’s assurance 

statement can be found here.

2018 highlights

Prudential RideLondon 

Prudential RideLondon has established 

itself as a major mass-participation and 

charity fundraising event in the UK and 

in the past six years has raised more than 

£66 million for charity. In 2018 it raised 

more than £13 million for charity to set 

a European record for a cycling event, 

beating the previous year’s record of 

£12.75 million. There was a sharp rise in the 

number of participants riding for charity – 

55 per cent, up from 44 per cent in 2017. 

More than 900 charities have benefited. 

Prudential has sponsored the event since 

inception in 2013 and in 2018 our own 

community engagement partnership, 

PruGOals, supported 420 16 to 18-year-

olds from 41 schools across the UK to 

improve their self-esteem, aspiration and 

educational outcomes. The PruGOals 

programme helps young people to achieve 

their goals regardless of social or economic 

background by providing aspirational 

challenges, culminating in taking on the 

Prudential RideLondon Surrey 46. The 

2018 post-event evaluation report from the 

charity Teach First reveals that students’ 

‘resilience’ and ‘determination’ rose by 

a third after completing the programme.

Cha-Ching – the first global 

financial education programme 

Developed by Prudential to address 

financial illiteracy, Cha-Ching is a global 

financial responsibility and education 

platform. Now in its eighth year, the 

programme is aimed at primary school-age 

children and has expanded from its origins 

in Asia to each of the four continents where 

the Group does business. In all of the 

markets where it has been launched, it has 

been very positively received, with strong 

feedback from parents, teachers, children 

and political stakeholders. 

In Asia, the programme reaches over 

34 million households a day through 

a multi-distribution platform including 

Cartoon Network Asia, and through its 

own standardised curriculum and school 

contact programme it has reached 

more than 400,000 children so far. The 

curriculum, developed in partnership with 

Junior Achievement, continued to be well 

received during 2018 and was rolled out 

to a further 180,000 students in Indonesia, 

the Philippines, Malaysia and Thailand. 

A new song titled ‘10 Things’, summarising 

key Cha-Ching learnings, was launched 

in Asia in August 2018. The song is 

a collaboration with six child stars from 

across South East Asia who donated their 

time to record it. It has since generated 

more than one million views on social 

media and digital platforms. Cha-Ching 

was also selected to be showcased at the 

Paris Peace Forum in November 2018, 

where around 900 projects were 

submitted worldwide and only around 

100 were selected. 

In the US, the Jackson Charitable 

Foundation has brought Cha-Ching 

to more than 1.5 million elementary 

school students annually through 

partnerships with Junior Achievement USA 

and Discovery Education. The Cha-Ching 

videos and lessons have been integrated 

into Junior Achievement’s third-grade 

classroom programme. 

In the UK, working with Young Enterprise, 

Prudential has developed an online 

educational resource for primary school 

students in England and Wales that 

has enabled the Cha-Ching programme to 

be brought into the classroom. The Quality 

Marked teaching resource is linked to 

the Personal Finance Education Group’s 

Financial Education Framework and has 

guidance for teachers on how most 

effectively to integrate activities into 

their teaching as well as activities for 

home learning. Since its launch in late 

2016, the resource has been downloaded 

28,478 times in 1,179 schools across 

the UK. 

In other markets, the online educational 

resource has also been utilised to support 

the roll-out of the Cha-Ching programme 

across our African markets as part of a 

financial literacy campaign delivered jointly 

by Junior Achievement Africa and 

Prudential Africa employees. 

Supporting our communities (continued)


www.prudential.co.uk 

Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 Prudential plc 31

Secondary school scholarships 

across Africa

In our markets in Africa we have committed 

to provide support for academically able 

but financially disadvantaged high school 

students, and to help build capacity for 

training in actuarial sciences at local 

universities. Prudential has worked with 

several charities operating in Ghana, 

Kenya, Uganda and Zambia to deliver the 

Prudential Scholarship programme, with 

the aim of improving quality and access 

to education for all and ensuring that 

everyone marginalised by society receives 

education, skills and support towards 

employability. The Prudential Scholarship 

Programme has supported more than 

7,000 academically able but financially 

disadvantaged high school students to 

complete their secondary education over 

either four or five years of high school. 

This has included financial bursaries to 

cover the cost of school fees and boarding 

fees where necessary, uniforms and 

books, as well as a programme to upgrade 

conditions to increase attendance at three 

schools in Uganda.

Disaster readiness and relief 

with the Prudence Foundation

Since its inception, Prudence Foundation 

has had a clear focus on creating social 

value through building disaster 

preparedness capabilities in communities 

and maintaining disaster relief support in 

emergencies, with a focus on three key 

areas: mass education and awareness, 

capacity building and advocacy. Natural 

disasters are a key issue in Asia, with over 

40 per cent of the world’s natural disasters 

happening in the region, making it the most 

disaster-prone area in the world. 

While focusing on disaster preparedness 

and long-term recovery, the Prudence 

Foundation also continues to undertake 

major emergency relief efforts across Asia. 

During 2018 the Foundation provided 

support to help with relief and recovery 

efforts in Taiwan (Hualien earthquake) 

and Laos (flooding) and in 2019 we will be 

supporting long-term recovery needs in 

Lombok and Sulawesi, Indonesia, which 

were both severely affected by natural 

disasters in 2018.

Safe Schools Programme –  

developing disaster response and support

Asia-Pacific is the world’s most 

disaster-prone region, and the Prudence 

Foundation continues to focus on disaster 

preparedness, relief and recovery in our 

Asia markets. The Prudence Foundation 

works with the humanitarian, 

government and private sector to help 

communities better prepare for such 

disasters before they strike, as well as 

providing support at times of emergency 

response and recovery. 

During 2018, the Prudence Foundation 

continued to support the Safe Schools 

programme, partnering with Plan 

International and Save the Children in 

Cambodia, the Philippines and Thailand. 

The programme focuses on capacity-

building for students, teachers and local 

community members on disaster 

preparedness. Since 2013, more than 

85,000 students and 40,000 adults 

have participated. 

In 2018, the Foundation formed a new 

partnership with Save the Children and 

the Philippines Department of Education 

to implement a nationwide-focused 

programme. The three-year programme 

is based on the experience of the 

Foundation and Save the Children 

regarding the Safe Schools programme. 

It will aim to develop a disaster risk 

reduction management information 

system, together with training and 

capacity-building of teachers and local 

government officials. This innovative new 

approach to Safe Schools aims to ensure 

that every school in the Philippines will 

be able to benefit from the Safe Schools 

programme, providing the Department 

of Education with the information to help 

allocate its resources and expertise to 

support the ongoing implementation of 

the global and ASEAN Comprehensive 

Safe Schools framework. This 

programme has the potential to benefit 

20.9 million students in close to 47,000 

schools across the Philippines. The 

Foundation also aims to develop robust 

research on this programme so it can 

potentially be implemented in other 

markets across Asia. 




32 Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 

www.prudential.co.uk

In addition, as part of a regional partnership 

with Habitat for Humanity for regional 

volunteering programmes to support 

communities in need, in April 2018 over 

70 volunteers from across the region spent 

one week in Yogyakarta, Indonesia, 

helping to build homes for those in need 

and an early childhood development 

centre. In November 2018, the Foundation 

led another group of over 80 regional 

volunteers to Siem Reap in Cambodia to 

build houses for families desperate for new 

homes and also support the refurbishment 

of a primary school.

Prudence Foundation believes the private 

sector has an important role to play in 

strengthening community disaster 

resilience. While there is no simple 

solution, cooperation between civil society, 

government and the private sector is key to 

reducing human and economic loss. The 

Foundation is aiming to evolve its efforts in 

encouraging more strategic investment in 

disasters by the private sector through 

focusing on technology used in this 

context. In 2019, a new programme is 

being developed to support organisations 

in using technology to protect and save 

lives in the region from the devastating 

effects of natural hazards. 

Helping to make Asia more 

prepared and safer

Globally, around 3.5 million people die 

every year due to unintentional injuries. 

Three thousand adolescent deaths per 

day worldwide could be prevented with 

better preparedness and access to health 

services, education and social support. 

To support efforts to address this issue, 

Prudence Foundation developed and 

implements the Safe Steps programme. 

Safe Steps is a first-of-its-kind, in terms 

of reach and breadth of partnerships, 

pan-Asian public service initiative to 

enhance awareness through the 

dissemination of educational survival tips 

for natural disasters, road safety and first 

aid. The programme was created and 

developed by Prudence Foundation in 

partnership with National Geographic 

and the International Federation of Red 

Cross and Red Crescent Societies. It is a 

multi-platform programme including on-air 

video messages and informative website 

and educational material that can be shared 

among communities. At its core, Safe Steps 

utilises one-minute videos to provide 

simple-to-understand messages on how 

to be prepared and stay safe in three areas 

linked to unnecessary loss of life: natural 

disasters (launched 2014), road safety 

(2016) and first aid (2017).

The programme continues to reach an 

estimated 250 million people every day 

across Asia via various partnerships with 

government, humanitarian and private-

sector organisations. In 2018, new 

partnerships were formed in Cambodia, 

Hong Kong, the Philippines, Singapore 

and Vietnam. For example, in Hong Kong 

a two-year partnership was formed with 

the Hong Kong Red Cross Society to roll out 

all Safe Steps topics to schoolchildren and 

the community, together with the support 

of Prudential Hong Kong. In Singapore 

in 2018, the Prudence Foundation and 

Prudential Singapore embarked on a new 

partnership with the Singapore Red Cross 

Society, focusing on a mass-community 

first-aid training programme aimed at 

the younger demographic. Prudence 

Foundation and Prudential Hong Kong 

also entered into a partnership with the 

Hong Kong Red Cross, working on 

a two-year partnership to build ‘Resilient 

Communities’. In Vietnam, Prudential 

formed a partnership with the Vietnam Red 

Cross Society to distribute the Safe Steps 

First Aid information to school students, 

teachers and the community in Ho Chi 

Minh City and Hanoi. 

2019 – Expanding and developing

In 2019, we will extend the Cha-Ching 

curriculum across schools in Asia, as well 

as continuing to expand the programme 

in all our markets, including the US, the 

UK and Africa, to promote greater financial 

literacy. In addition to Cha-Ching, we have 

continued to support the high-school 

scholarship programmes in Ghana, Kenya, 

Uganda and Zambia. Our Africa business 

is working to develop new community 

investment partnerships, with a focus 

on health. 

In 2019, building on the success of the 

2018 PruGOals programme, in collaboration 

with Teach First, Greenhouse Sports, 

The Transformation Trust and Dame Kelly 

Holmes Trust, we will support a further 

300 young people to take part in PruGOals. 

The programme focuses on providing 

opportunities to develop new skills and 

build resilience and greater aspiration with 

a challenging but achievable goal. In 2019 

key elements of the programme, such as 

certificated cycling proficiency, will be 

delivered directly in schools, helping to 

prepare the next generation of commuter 

cyclists. The programme is inclusive, 

with young people taking part from all 

backgrounds across the UK.

Supporting our communities (continued)


www.prudential.co.uk 

Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2018 Prudential plc


Designed by FleishmanHillard Fishburn

Prudential public limited company

Incorporated and registered in England and Wales

Registered office

1 Angel Court, London EC2R 7AG

Registered number 1397169

Principal place of business in Hong Kong

13th Floor

One International Finance Centre

1 Harbour View Street

Central

Hong Kong

www.prudential.co.uk

Prudential plc is a holding company, subsidiaries of 

which are authorised and regulated, as applicable, by 

the Prudential Regulation Authority and the Financial 

Conduct Authority.

