
Environmental, Social  

and Governance Report 2016 

Prudential plc

















HK Stock Code: 2378



www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,SocialandGovernanceReport2016  Prudential plc

1

Foreword

Prudential exists to take the risk out of people’s lives. 

By offering financial protection against adverse events  

and providing opportunities to save and then turn those 

savings into secure retirement income, we help remove 

the uncertainty from some of the biggest decisions our 

customers face.

While serving our customers is at the centre of our business, 

we approach all of our stakeholders with the same sense of 

responsibility and commitment. From our investors, suppliers 

and employees to the wider communities in which we 

operate, we work with a clear, positive purpose.

This report summarises our environmental, social and 

governance performance over 2016 and shows how that 

approach is applied and its outcomes for all our stakeholders. 

It demonstrates how, across many different areas including 

our products, our technology, the environment and our 

communities, Prudential is a sustainable business with a 

positive impact.

I hope you find the report useful and informative.

Contents

Foreword by Mike Wells,  

Group Chief Executive  ....................................... 1

About Prudential  .................................................... 2

About this report  ....................................................  4

How we engage with 

our stakeholders  ......................................................5

Business integrity .................................................. 6

Meeting customers’ needs ............................  8

Environmental performance  ...................  11

Responsible investment  ................................ 14

Our supply chains  ...............................................  16

Technology  ...............................................................  18

Valuing our people .............................................. 21

Supporting our communities  ..................24





Mike Wells 

Group Chief Executive 

Prudential plc


Prudential plc  Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2016 

www.prudential.co.uk

2

About Prudential

Prudential plc is an international financial services group serving around 24 million life customers 

and with £599 billion of assets under management. The Group has operations in Asia, the US, 

the UK, Europe and Africa, and has primary listings on stock exchanges in London and 

Hong Kong, with secondary listings in Singapore and New York.

What we do

Prudential provides long-term savings  

and protection products, retirement 

income solutions and asset management  

to customers in markets on four 

continents, enabling them to look 

to the future with confidence. 

We were founded in London in 1848 on 

the principles of integrity, security and 

prudence, and we still adhere to those 

values today. Through our innovative 

products and strong distribution networks, 

we meet the growing needs of customers 

in different parts of the world. By helping to 

build better lives and stronger communities 

and to fuel the growth cycle, we create 

long-term value for both our customers 

and our shareholders.

We are focused on three main 

opportunities around the world 

In Asia, there is a growing and 

increasingly affluent middle class that is 

largely uninsured and has significant and 

growing needs for protecting its health 

and managing its wealth. We create and 

distribute products to meet those needs.

In the US, the baby boomer generation is 

moving into retirement, and will continue 

to do so at the rate of 10,000 people per 

day for the next 20 years. We provide 

retirement products and income strategies 

aimed at meeting their needs.

In the UK, which has an ageing population 

that has not saved enough for the future, 

there is an increasing demand for savings 

products and retirement income solutions. 

Our UK businesses offer products that 

meet that demand. 

United States

Prudential’s US operation, Jackson National Life Insurance 

Company, provides retirement products and income strategies 

aimed at the 75 million baby boomers in the US. Jackson’s 

pursuit of excellence in product 

innovation and distinctive 

distribution capabilities have 

helped it forge a solid reputation 

for meeting the needs of 

customers.

Africa

We now have operations in four African countries – Ghana, 

Kenya, Uganda and Zambia – offering more than two million 

new customers access to the benefits that the Group 

provides. 


















www.prudential.co.uk

 

Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2016  Prudential plc

3

United Kingdom and Europe

Prudential is a leading provider of savings and retirement 

income products in the UK. Prudential UK’s particular 

strength lies in investments that help customers meet 

their long-term goals, while also protecting them against 

short-term market fluctuations. 

M&amp;G Investments is an international 

asset manager with £265 billion 

in assets under management 

and more than 80 years’ 

experience of investing on behalf 

of individuals and institutions. Its 

goal is to help our customers 

prosper by securing long-term 

returns from their savings. 

Asia

Prudential Corporation Asia has leading insurance and 

asset management operations across 14 markets and 

serves the emerging middle-class families of the region’s 

outperforming economies. Prudential has been 

operating in Asia for over 90 years and has built 

high-performing businesses with multi-channel 

distribution, a product portfolio centred on regular 

savings and protection, award-winning customer 

services and a widely recognised brand.

Eastspring is Prudential’s Asian asset management 

business, managing more than £118 billion in assets 

on behalf of institutional and retail clients. Eastspring 

provides investment solutions across a broad range 

of asset classes, including equities, fixed income, 

multi-asset, infrastructure and alternatives.


































Prudential plc  Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2016 

www.prudential.co.uk

4

About this report

Overview

This report provides a summary of 

Prudential plc’s environmental, social and 

governance (ESG) performance for the 

2016 calendar year (except where noted). 

The content of the report meets the new 

ESG ‘comply or explain’ requirements 

under the Hong Kong Listing Rules 

introduced on 1 January 2016. 

Much of the material contained in this 

report can also be found in the Group’s 

regular financial, corporate responsibility 

and other reporting. This is the first time 

the Group has reported all of this and other 

ESG material in the same publication. 

Under the Hong Kong Listing Rules, 

the Group is required to produce a new 

ESG report every financial year. We are 

committed to continuing to develop our 

ESG reporting into the future. 

Scope of the report

The information in this report covers 

Prudential’s activities both at Group level 

and within our various operations around 

the world.

Our approach to ESG

Prudential’s purpose is to help people 

de-risk their lives and deal with their 

biggest financial concerns. We use our 

capabilities, footprint and scale to meet the 

long-term savings and protection needs of 

an increasingly self-reliant middle class, 

creating value for both our customers and 

our shareholders.

Our relationships with our customers are 

long-term, so it is vital that our strategy 

and its execution ensure that we are a 

sustainable business. Our success in 

delivering for our customers and 

shareholders depends on effective 

engagement with our stakeholders. 

Managing a sustainable business means 

managing a wide range of ESG issues. 

Every one of these areas is integral to our 

performance and sustainability and we 

approach them accordingly.

ESG governance and prioritisation

In 2016, we established a cross-functional 

working group to undertake a Group-wide 

review to identify the ESG issues that are 

most material for Prudential. This 

included identifying ESG trends, risks 

and opportunities directly applicable to 

Prudential, and wider ESG issues reported 

on by our peers. We determined the 

relevance and significance of each ESG 

issue to Prudential and our stakeholders, 

and then prioritised these issues according 

to the greatest impact on the sustainability 

of our business. The most significant issues 

have been included in this report. 

The preparation of this report by the 

ESG working group was overseen by our 

Group Risk Committee, our Group Audit 

Committee and, ultimately, our Board.

We continually monitor the changing 

environment in which we operate to ensure 

that those ESG issues that are important 

to our stakeholders are captured and 

managed on an ongoing basis. This means 

that our material ESG issues can be very 

complex, with conflicting stakeholder 

interests and expectations. We endeavour to 

manage these expectations in a transparent 

and fair manner. Our comprehensive 

identification processes allow us to respond 

to our material ESG issues in a considered 

and managed way.

Content of the report

Our key ESG issues fall into the following 

areas: business integrity, customers, 

environment, responsible investment, 

suppliers, technology, people and 

communities. Our material is therefore 

presented in these categories within the 

report. The order of presentation is not 

intended to reflect any particular priority. 

Ten of our material ESG issues correspond 

to reporting ‘Aspects’ in the ESG Reporting 

Guide under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. 

Given the nature of our business, only one 

‘Aspect’, Health and Safety, was identified 

as not being as material to the Group as 

other ESG issues and has only been briefly 

covered on page 23 of the report.

We continually  

monitor the changing 

environment in which  

we operate to ensure  

that those ESG issues  

that are important to  

our stakeholders are 

captured and managed  

on an ongoing basis


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,SocialandGovernanceReport2016  Prudential plc

5

How we engage 

with our stakeholders

Appropriate engagement with our stakeholders is key in helping us to identify and manage our 

ESG issues and ensure the success of our business. The feedback we receive from our external 

stakeholders, in particular, helps us to design and improve the processes and policies with which 

we govern ourselves.

Our stakeholders range from private 

individual customers to institutional 

investors, employees, charitable 

organisations and national regulators. 

As such, our channels of engagement 

differ depending on the stakeholder 

– some are formal and others more 

informal. Most of our stakeholder 

engagement is conducted by our local 

businesses, although our Group Head 

Office leads on engagement for others, 

such as with our investors. 

Below is a summary of who our global and 

local stakeholders are, how we engage 

with them and the areas of interest for 

each group in 2016.

Stakeholder group

How does Prudential engage  

with these stakeholders?

Areas of interest raised  

by these stakeholders in 2016

Customers

Contact centres, online servicing, face-to-

face advice, annual statements, surveys.

Retirement income choices, service 

delivery (including service delays),  

UK pensions freedom reform.

Investors

Half and full-year results, Annual Report, 

Annual General Meeting, investor briefings.

Customer satisfaction, product suitability, 

diversity, employee training and retention, 

remuneration, succession planning, 

responsible investment, financial strength 

and performance, risk management.

Employees 

(including contractors, potential recruits 

and trade unions)

Surveys, town hall meetings, awaydays, 

team meetings, appraisals, intranets, 

training programmes.

Diversity and inclusion, employee relations.

Governments

(including central banks, stock exchanges 

and global policy bodies)

Meetings, input to policy papers, sector-

wide analysis, partnering and/or speaking 

at public and private events, data input.

Responsible business, role in financial 

stability, customer fairness and 

engagement, sector regulation, 

responsible investment.

Regulators

Senior management meetings, discussions 

on key policy proposals, annual meeting 

of the Regulatory College of Supervisors, 

continuous working-level engagement.

Governance, conduct risk, cyber security, 

customer protection, Solvency II, G-SII 

and international capital standards.

Civil society

Meetings, data sharing, sector benchmarks.

Inclusion, education, disaster relief, climate 

change support and funding.

Media

Media releases, meetings and calls, 

monitoring of media output.

Financial performance, business strength, 

leadership, remuneration, low-carbon 

economy.

Suppliers

Assessments, contract negotiations, 

review meetings.

Data protection, anti-bribery and corruption, 

environment (waste management), human 

rights, Modern Slavery Act.


Prudential plc  Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2016 

www.prudential.co.uk

6

Business integrity 

Responsible and ethical behaviour is of fundamental importance to us and is integrated 

throughout our business. We believe that the way in which we conduct ourselves on a daily 

basis is key to building trust, maintaining our reputation and positive relationships with our 

stakeholders and ultimately in achieving business success.

As such, we set ourselves high standards for 

professional and ethical conduct and work 

to ensure that these standards are met by all 

our employees and by any individuals and 

organisations acting on our behalf. 

Responsibly managing our business is both 

imperative for Prudential and the right 

thing to do. We have embedded a robust 

framework throughout our operations 

to ensure that we have the necessary 

infrastructure to manage existing and 

emerging risks in this area. 

Standards of conduct

We have a clear, strong governance 

framework. Our Business Code of Conduct 

and our Group Governance Manual 

include a series of guiding principles to 

govern the day-to-day conduct of all our 

employees and any organisations acting on 

our behalf. They set out what we expect of 

each of our employees and what our 

customers and communities expect of us 

– the highest possible standards of 

professional and ethical conduct. This is 

reinforced by specific policies across all our 

operations and markets, which are 

regularly reviewed to help ensure we act in 

a responsible manner in everything we do. 

During 2016, we launched an independent, 

externally hosted whistleblowing website 

and hotline system, Speak Out, which 

allows individuals to raise concerns and 

seek guidance on a broad range of issues 

(see case study opposite). To help us 

to identify further improvements and 

contribute to knowledge sharing in the 

industry on whistleblowing, we participate 

in the Public Concern at Work benchmarking 

forum, which sets a standard for the 

whistleblowing systems in use across 

the financial services sector. This will 

complement continued training and 

awareness building across the Group  

in 2017.

In line with our commitment to managing 

our existing and emerging conduct risks, 

we plan further upgrades to our 

investigations and reporting system in 2017 

to improve oversight of our investigations 

of concerns. The enhanced system will 

allow more effective link analysis, which 

may identify systemic issues. The system 

will also provide globally consistent 

processes, promote swifter escalation of 

significant issues and allow subject matter 

expertise to focus on those issues in a more 

timely fashion. 

Financial strength

Prudential contributes to financial stability 

and sustainability in all of the markets in 

which we operate by maintaining sound 

compliance with all relevant regulatory 

requirements and more broadly through the 

positive role we play in the global economy. 

The disciplined execution of our strategy, 

underpinned by the cash-generating 

nature of our business and our 

maintenance of appropriate capital, 

positions us well to be able to continue to 

deliver high-quality products and services 

to our 24 million customers and long-term 

profitable growth to our shareholders, and 

thus to add strength and stability to the 

financial system of which we are a part.

For detail on our financial performance last 

year, please see our Annual Report 2016. 

Following recent work by our regulator, 

the Financial Stability Board on Global 

Systemically Important Insurers (G-SIIs), 

Prudential was reaffirmed as a designated 

G-SII in 2016 in light of updates made to 

the methodology. This status reflects our 

size, market importance and global 

interconnectedness as an insurance 

provider, in that our financial stability 

is considered important to the global 

financial system and economies. As a 

result, we are subject to additional 

regulatory requirements, including 

enhanced Group-wide supervision, 

effective resolution planning and 

development of a Systemic Risk 

Management Plan, a Recovery Plan and a 

Liquidity Risk Management Plan. We are 

monitoring the development and potential 

impact of the policy measures and are 

continuing to engage with regulators 

on the implications of these measures.

Responsible tax practices

The responsible and sustainable 

management of our tax affairs helps 

support our constructive relations with our 

stakeholders and plays a positive role in the 

economy. We understand the importance 

to governments of paying the right amount 

of tax on time, and so we take our tax 

compliance obligations seriously. Our tax 

affairs are managed transparently (in line 

with our tax strategy and our tax risk 

policy) and we seek to build constructive 

relationships with tax authorities. More 

information on our tax strategy, what we 

mean by paying ‘the right amount of tax’ 

and our tax practices will be made available 

on our website before 30 June 2017. 

In 2016, the Group’s global tax contribution 

was just under £2.89 billion. This significant 

contribution plays an important part in 

helping the communities in which we 

operate provide valuable public services 

and build infrastructure for the benefit of 

the wider community and the economy.

During 2016, we reviewed our tax strategy 

and our tax risk policy, both as part of our 

regular governance review and to comply 

with new UK legislation that requires us to 

publish our UK tax strategy for the first time 

in 2017. As a global financial services 

group, we will also provide insight on our 

responsible and sustainable tax practices 

worldwide, alongside additional tax 

disclosures, which complement the existing 

disclosures in our 2016 Annual Report. 

Fighting financial crime

Financial crime can have significant 

consequences for our customers, our 

business and the economies in which 

we operate and we are committed to 

participating in industry-wide efforts to 


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,SocialandGovernanceReport2016  Prudential plc

7









taff

encourage staff to 

e that they are doing 

will be properly dealt 

ted. However, we 

staff may still feel 

er to raise a concern.  

in them remaining 

not being raised at all.  

nt them to raise 

ongdoing, and that we 

concerns in the right 

a confidential and 

n by the UK charity 

CaW).

ntial advice to 

oncerned about 

e at work who are unsure 

 Staff may contact PCaW 

 7404 6609 or by e-mail 

ur staff can also ask 

rn directly to one of the 

udential should they wish.

W as a manager if 

advice on handling a 

A guide 

for managers

A guide to your role under  

our Whistleblowing programme

Speak Out









aff to 

doing 

ly dealt 

we 

feel 

ncern.  

ning 

ed at all.  

e 

that we 

e right 

 and 

harity 

out 

are unsure 

ntact PCaW 

by e-mail 

so ask 

one of the 

ld they wish.

er if 

dling a 

A guide 

for managers

A guide to your role under  

our Whistleblowing programme

Speak Out

address this. We maintain and implement our 

own anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist 

financing, anti-bribery and corruption and 

anti-fraud practices and procedures. 

We do not tolerate corruption and the 

payment or receipt of bribes for any 

purpose, and have set out a clear Anti-

Bribery and Corruption Policy to guide 

behaviour in this area. We believe that 

the prevention, detection and reporting 

of bribery and corruption is a shared 

responsibility, and our policy requires all our 

employees to receive appropriate training to 

ensure that they are able to recognise, avoid 

and report any potential instances of bribery 

or corruption, wherever they may be. 

We monitor anti-bribery and corruption 

proactively and carry out regular risk 

assessments across all of our businesses, 

as we recognise that practices, customs and 

regulatory requirements vary greatly across 

our markets. Our Group Risk Committee 

receives regular updates on the 

management of anti-bribery and corruption 

risk and the Group Audit Committee 

reviews the effectiveness of the programme 

on an annual basis. During 2016, an external 

review of the Group’s anti- bribery and 

corruption programme was undertaken. 

Recommendations from the review are 

being taken forward by management.

Specialist teams across each of our 

businesses support our anti-financial 

crime programme, conducting fraud 

risk assessments and developing and 

supporting anti-fraud systems and controls 

tailored to their specific business risks and 

regulatory environment. 

We have Group-wide policies in place in 

relation to anti-money laundering, fraud, 

counter-terrorist financing and sanctions. 

Detailed risk assessments are conducted 

by all our businesses, supplemented by 

proactive programmes of monitoring 

appropriate to the specific regulatory 

requirements of each local jurisdiction. 

The Group Audit Committee reviews 

the effectiveness of the programme and 

associated controls on an annual basis, and 

regular updates are provided to the Group 

Risk Committee. Due to the sensitive nature 

of these policies, we have not made them 

publicly available.





Case study: Speak Out 

Enabling individuals to raise concerns about misconduct

In 2016, we launched an independent, externally hosted whistleblowing website and hotline system, 

Speak Out, which allows individuals to raise concerns and seek guidance on issues ranging from 

bribery, corruption and fraud to damage to the environment. The hotline is supported by our 

Confidential Reporting Requirements Policy Standard, which can be found here. 

The programme includes a multilingual, externally hosted website available to all employees, which 

is complemented by Freephone telephone lines. Speak Out is publicised across the Group, using a 

broad range of different media to encourage our staff, and also our contractors, vendors and agents, 

to raise any concerns they may have about conduct across the Group. 

We address any concerns raised through the Speak Out process, ensuring that all issues raised are 

dealt with appropriately, where necessary through objective, independent and robust investigations. 

The Audit Committees across the Group monitor the progress of Speak Out investigations. 


Prudential plc  Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2016 

www.prudential.co.uk

8

Those challenges vary in different parts of 

the world, and in each of our businesses we 

are focused on providing for a distinct set 

of needs: the significant and growing 

demand for saving and protection of the 

middle class in Asia, the retirement income 

needs of baby boomers in the US, the 

financial requirements of the UK’s ageing 

population, which needs both to save more 

and to access secure income in retirement, 

and the growing needs of customers in our 

new markets in Africa. 

Our customers’ needs are continually 

evolving. We want them to stay with us for 

the long term, and this involves proactively 

listening to them, and developing new 

and innovative products and solutions, 

to improve access to financial protection 

and deliver consistent and sustained 

performance over the long term. 

Our commitment to customers

The way we treat and engage with our 

customers puts them at the heart of what 

we do. This includes product proposition 

planning, the sales process and the 

ongoing service we deliver from policy 

inception through to when the product 

finishes its life cycle. 

We aim to provide the highest standards 

of service at all times to our customers 

when managing their products, across 

our Group. We understand the trust 

that people put in us when they choose 

our products and services to meet their 

financial objectives and believe we have 

a duty to act to advance their interests 

responsibly and with integrity. To deliver 

this, we work to deliver against a set of five 

commitments to our customers, outlined 

in our Business Code of Conduct:

1 Treat customers fairly, openly and honestly. 

2  Provide and promote a range of products 

and services that meet customer needs, are 

easy to understand and deliver real value.

3  Maintain the confidentiality of our 

customer information (except where 

the law requires disclosure). 

4  Provide and promote high standards 

of customer service and monitor these 

standards rigorously.

5  Ensure that our complaints processes 

provide an effective and fair means of 

arbitration between the Group’s 

businesses and customers.

Our Group Customer Risk Policy sets  

out how we achieve these five customer 

commitments, and we assess compliance 

with this annually, requiring regular 

reporting of key performance metrics,  

and the completion of annual assessments 

by our respective businesses.

Our businesses shape their own 

customer strategies given their distinct 

market needs, in order to best deliver those 

five commitments to their customers by 

implementing policies and procedures that 

are relevant to their respective markets. 

We work hard to give our customers the 

highest level of service throughout their 

engagement with us. We manage this right 

through from reviewing our sales processes 

to ensure that there are no conflicts of 

interest for our front-line staff, to the 

ongoing monitoring of performance 

covering the full customer life cycle. 

Addressing complaints

We have very high standards and do 

everything we can to ensure that all our 

customers receive the best possible service. 

If we get things wrong, we work hard to 

resolve the issue and restore high service 

standards. Rather than a Group-wide 

customer service policy, we have locally 

operated procedures in place to manage 

complaints from our customers in a timely, 

robust and professional manner. We monitor 

our complaints closely and our businesses 

undertake frequent root-cause analysis to 

drive improvements in our service and 

complaints handling and resolution. 

In the UK, we are required to publish 

half yearly complaint figures – the 

latest available data can be accessed at:  

www.pru.co.uk/about/complaints-data

There are clear channels for our customers 

to complain, and a defined process for 

dealing with each complaint. Even in the 

best organisations, mistakes can 

occasionally happen or expectations may 

not always be met. We appreciate when 

our customers tell us when we have got 

something wrong, not least as it allows 

us to try and put things right and make 

improvements for the future. We always 

work to resolve customer complaints to 

our customers’ satisfaction as quickly as 

possible, even when a complaint is more 

complex and takes longer to investigate. 

Meeting customers’ needs

Serving our customers well is core to our strategy and to creating long-term sustainable value.  

We provide fair and transparent products to meet our customers’ needs, often providing 

solutions as they face the biggest financial challenges of their lives. 

Our customers’ needs  

are continually evolving. 

We want them to stay with 

us for the long term, and 

this involves proactively 

listening to them, and 

developing new and 

innovative products 

and solutions


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,SocialandGovernanceReport2016  Prudential plc

9

Regulatory investigations 

We aim to provide transparency and 

accountability over any ongoing 

investigations. 

In March 2016, the UK Financial Conduct 

Authority (FCA) published a report setting 

out its findings from its thematic review 

of the fair treatment of long-standing 

customers. (The FCA had investigated 

whether a number of firms, including 

Prudential UK, had failed to meet its 

standards.) The FCA has since published 

guidance for firms which provides 

additional detail on the actions they should 

be taking in order to treat their closed-book 

customers fairly. 

In October 2016, the FCA also published 

the conclusions of its Thematic Review 

of Non-Advised Annuity Sales Practices. 

In conjunction with this, Prudential has 

agreed with the FCA to review annuities 

sold without advice after 1 July 2008 to 

its contract-based defined contribution 

pension customers in the UK. The review 

has commenced and is examining 

whether customers were given sufficient 

information about their potential eligibility 

to purchase an enhanced annuity, either 

from Prudential or from another pension 

provider. In due course Prudential will 

contact customers who may not have 

been given sufficient information and 

will provide redress, where appropriate.

2016 highlights  

– product design and innovation 

Putting customers at the centre of our 

transactions involves a focus on product 

simplicity, transparency and fairness. Our 

businesses regularly review their product 

sets to ensure that they are designed fairly 

with regard to fees, rates and claims 

management policies, and that we innovate 

by developing new products and services 

and improve our existing products 

to meet changes in customer needs, 

market developments and technological 

advances. We regularly review our 

customer communications to ensure 

that they clearly articulate the costs and 

benefits of our products in a way that is 

easy for our customers to understand. 

In 2016, a key focus of product 

development across our businesses has 

been to provide our customers with more 

flexibility and choice to meet their 

continuing changes in lifestyle needs. 

In Asia, we opened a new Customer, 

Digital and Innovation Centre, which 

provides fully networked facilities that 

offer real-time customer testing of our 

digital platforms. These state-of-the-art 

focus group facilities will allow us to 

embed our customers’ insights directly 

into our product, service and technology 

strategies. In addition, Prudential 

Singapore became the first insurer in 

Singapore to launch an online community 

portal for customers to share ideas and to 

provide direct feedback on products and 

services. The new ‘Pru-for-you’ service 

encourages regular dialogue with our 

customers and will provide us with much 

better insight into their needs in order to 

provide products tailored to their financial 

and lifestyle requirements. 

In the US, we have developed our product 

propositions to provide customers with 

full investment choice, to enable them to 

pay only for the guarantees and product 

features that they want. In 2016, we 

launched Perspective Advisory, the 

company’s first fee-based variable annuity. 

Perspective Advisory was developed to 

meet increased market demand for 

products compatible with fee-based 

accounts and platforms as a result of 

the new 2016 US Department of Labor 

Fiduciary Rules. Our US business also 

relaunched its online Center for Financial 

Insight, which provides investors and 

employees with greater insight into 

important financial and investing topics. 

Since the relaunch in July 2016, more 

than 70,000 unique visitors have accessed 

information from the Center, 55,000 of 

whom are new visitors to Jackson.com. 

In the UK, in light of the recent pensions 

freedom reform, we have continued to 

evolve our PruFund franchise, offering 

an increased range of choices in funds to 













Case study: Hong Kong 

Focus on health and nutrition

As a life insurance provider, Prudential is aware of the importance of 

health and nutrition in ensuring a long and happy life, and the need 

to promote and educate on this topic. In Hong Kong, our customers 

have been offered access to a DNA-based health and nutrition test 

(nutrigenomics), providing individually tailored insights into how genetics 

affect their nutrition needs, dietary sensitivity and well-being. This 

nutrigenomics test was followed by granting access to nutrition experts 

through a mobile app to help customers achieve their health goals.


Prudential plc  Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2016 

www.prudential.co.uk

10

suit a spectrum of risk appetites. 

We extended the ways our customers 

can access investment funds to include 

the introduction of an online application 

process for the popular Prudential ISA 

product. We also launched the new 

Prudential Retirement Account – an 

online account-based plan that provides 

customers with the flexibility to save for 

their retirement, provide an income in 

retirement and facilitate access to their 

fund as they save. Improvements were also 

made to the tele-underwriting service for 

the Prudential Investment Plan, reducing 

the amount of time advisers spend on 

administration and giving them more time 

with their clients.

While we do not operate a formal Group-

wide policy on product responsibility or 

product risk, we have in place a number 

of processes which help manage the risks 

arising from these areas. 

Increasing access 

to financial protection

Access to insurance remains a critical issue, 

both in terms of product availability and 

distribution. We work hard to challenge 

ourselves to provide increased access 

to financial protection for potential 

customers, and to ensure that we build out 

and diversify our distribution channels for 

our current customers. 

Meeting customers’ needs

Continued

Distribution plays a key role in our ability 

to reach, attract and retain these valued 

customers across our regions. Our 

businesses work collaboratively with local 

NGOs and policymakers on this topic to 

better understand how we can address 

this, providing increased financial 

protection for our customers. 

During 2016, we have continued to 

enhance our service offering to make 

dealing with Prudential as easy as possible. 

Prudential UK developed and rolled out a 

web-based video relay service to improve 

the way we connect with our deaf 

customers. This connects our customers 

with a British Sign Language interpreter to 

relay the conversation with the Prudential 

call handler in real time. Prudential UK is 

the first retirement product provider in the 

UK to introduce this service. 

Industry awards

Throughout the customer journey, we 

place our customers at the heart of our 

thinking as we seek to provide their 

long-term security. In 2016, we won a 

number of industry awards, reflecting 

clear customer focus:

 

— In the UK, we won the Financial Adviser 

Service Awards 2016 ‘Five Star’ rating for 

Investments, and ‘Five Star’ rating for 

Pensions. We also won the Investment 

Life &amp; Pensions MoneyFacts Awards 

2016 for the Best Investment Service, 

Best Investment Bond Provider and Best 

Online Service.

Supporting hospitalisation costs 

Prudential also helps to tackle healthcare financing in developing markets through 

provision of products such as Prudential Africa’s Hospital Cash Product. This product 

pays a fixed benefit to customers on hospitalisation to prevent loss of income for 

those working in the informal sector. It plays a vital role in helping people live longer 

and healthier lives by seeking treatment earlier. 

The Prudential Africa Hospital Cash Product is part of our micro insurance business 

which has helped over a million customers in sub-Saharan Africa in the last few years.

Case study: Africa

 

— In the US, Jackson has been recognised 

by The Service Quality Measurement 

Group, Inc. (SQM) for excellence in call 

centre service for the 11th time since 

2004. Jackson received a record five 

awards, including being recognised as 

one of three finalists for ‘Contact Center 

of the Year’, based upon having the 

greatest combined customer First Call 

Resolution rate and employee overall 

‘very satisfied’ rating, the highest 

possible category. 

 

— Prudential Hong Kong was one of 

the most decorated companies at 

the prestigious Hong Kong Insurance 

Awards 2016, with a total of three top 

awards and seven finalist accolades, 

spanning 15 categories. 


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,SocialandGovernanceReport2016  Prudential plc

11

Environmental performance 

Our approach to 

managing our energy 

and climate-related risk is 

based on understanding 

and measuring our 

environmental impacts 

and playing our part in 

reducing them 

Energy use and climate risks are 

moving up the agenda of many regulators, 

governments, NGOs and investors. 

As the built environment is the single 

largest source of global greenhouse gas 

(GHG) emissions, we recognise the part 

we can play, as the occupier of more than 

400 properties worldwide and operator of 

data processing centres, in reducing these 

impacts. As an insurance provider and 

asset owner and manager, we also have 

an opportunity more broadly to reduce 

the impacts of climate change through 

the services and products we provide 

to our customers and our investment 

decisions, supporting the transition to 

a low-carbon economy. 

Managing our impact

Our approach to managing our energy 

and climate-related risk is based on 

understanding and measuring our 

environmental impacts and playing 

our part in reducing them. 

The Group Code of Business Conduct 

underpins all our activities, including 

minimising the impacts of our business 

operations on the environment. In addition, 

we have a Group-wide environmental 

policy that applies to the operational 

property of all Group companies, guiding 

how we manage our direct environmental 

impacts, including compliance with 

regulations, energy and water use and 

waste disposal, as well as supply chain 

management and the adoption of risk 

management principles for all property-

related matters.

Our Environment, Health and Safety 

function within Corporate Property has 

global accountability for the Group’s 

environmental policies and performance, 

and our environmental performance is 

reported at least annually to the Board. 

We seek accreditation where relevant 

to help us minimise the impact of our 

operations on the environment and to 

drive improvements. For example, our UK 

property estate is certified to ISO 14001, 

the international standard for 

environmental management systems. 

The indirect environmental impacts of our 

investment decisions are managed by our 

relevant asset management and ownership 

businesses. For example, the approach of 

M&amp;G Real Estate to responsible property 

investment enables it to manage and 

respond to the growing range of 

environmental and social issues that can 

impact property values. This approach 

also helps M&amp;G Real Estate protect and 

enhance fund and asset performance for 

its clients. Further information on ESG 

integration and governance considerations 

in our investment decisions is provided on 

pages 14 and 15 of this report. 

In order to monitor performance, we have 

comprehensive reporting processes in 

place to measure and report on our global 

GHG emissions, together with waste and 

water data. An Environment, Health and 

Safety Council is in place, which acts as 

the conduit between the Board and our 

Business Units, reviewing performance, 

setting targets and sharing good practice. 

Environmental data is collated and 

reviewed quarterly to track performance 

trends and we continue to improve the 

quality of our data, relying less on 

estimation and more on direct data 

and billing information. 

Measuring and reporting of our global 

GHG emissions is required under the UK 

Companies Act 2006 and across our UK 

operations through the Carbon Reduction 

Commitment Energy Efficiency Scheme, 

with which we comply. Our environmental 

data for the period 1 October 2015 to 

30 September 2016 is assured by Deloitte 

LLP in accordance with the International 

Auditing and Assurance Standards Board’s 

International Standard on Assurance 

Engagements (ISAE 3000 [Revised]). 

Further information on our environmental 

performance and Deloitte LLP’s assurance 

statement can be found here.

How we are performing

Energy and climate change

In 2016, although our absolute Scope 1 

(direct emissions from fuels used in our 

buildings and owned vehicles) and Scope 2 

(indirect emissions from purchased 

electricity, heat and steam consumed in 

our buildings) GHG emissions increased by 

2 per cent across our occupied estate, 

when normalised against net lettable floor 

area, our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 

actually fell by 7 per cent to 123 kgCO2-e/m2 

in 2016 (2015: 132 kgCO2-e/m2), driven by 

our GHG emission reduction efforts. These 

include optimising energy consumption 

through better control of building heating 

and ventilation systems, the installation of 

low-energy LED lighting and upgrading to 

more energy-efficient equipment through 

our mechanical and electrical plant life 

cycle replacement programme.


Prudential plc  Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2016 

www.prudential.co.uk

12

M&amp;G Real Estate has reduced its absolute 

Scope 1 and 2 emissions over the past year 

by 24 per cent to 28,532 tonnes CO2-e 

(2015: 37,536 tonnes) driven by a mix of 

changes in the portfolio (acquisition and 

divestment), changes to operational 

control of the assets and the impact of our 

energy efficiency investments. Six Green 

Stars in the 2016 Global Real Estate 

Sustainability Benchmark survey were 

also achieved during the year out of eight 

participating funds, compared with four 

Green stars in 2015. M&amp;G Real Estate’s 

progress can be found in its annual 

Responsible Property Investment report 

at www.mandg.co.uk/institutions/

realestate/responsible-investing/

A detailed breakdown of our GHG 

emissions can be accessed here. 

Sector benchmarks

We maintained our sector positioning 

in key benchmarks, including the Carbon 

Disclosure Project, with a B rating in 2016 

(level with our peers), and ClimateWise, the 

insurance sector climate initiative managed 

by the Cambridge Institute for Sustainability 

Leadership, maintaining our position of ninth 

out of 19 participants. Our performance in 

ClimateWise against six core principles is 

independently audited by PwC. 

Business travel

Our UK business continues to collect travel 

data from employees’ expense claims for 

private and company car travel and from 

corporate travel providers for air and rail 

travel. The impact of business travel is 

dominated by air travel (99 per cent of the 

UK booked travel footprint), although UK 

business travel decreased from 13,507 

tonnes CO2-e in 2015 to 10,990 tonnes 

CO2-e in 2016. We recognise the 

importance of this impact in establishing 

our carbon footprint and will work 

towards extending the collection of this 

data beyond our UK operations in 2017. 

Water use

Our absolute use of water across our 

occupied estate (UK, Europe, US and Asia) 

has increased by 3 per cent to 238,761m3 

(2015: 232,716m3). We will develop 

programmes during 2017 to conduct water 

audits of our major facilities and establish 

improved monitoring regimes to identify 

opportunities to reduce our use of water. 

Capturing accurate performance data 

remains a challenge for our business, given 

the complexity of our global office estate, 

reliance on estimation in some cases and 

continual changes to the portfolio, driven 

by our operational policy in favour of short 

building leases to retain flexibility for 

growth in Asia. 

Waste

During 2016, we generated 2,089 tonnes of 

waste for disposal from our occupied estate 

in the UK and US, compared with 1,895 

tonnes in 2015. Of this, 77 per cent was 

Environmental performance

Continued













Case study: Jackson 

A star performer 

In 2015, Jackson opened its new environmentally responsible building at its corporate headquarters 

in Lansing, Michigan. Energy efficiency was central to the design of this building, maximising the 

use of natural light, optimising the cooling load and installing low-energy LED lighting and a green 

roof. The real test of such green buildings is how they perform in practice and the team there looked 

to the Energy Star programme to help them. 

Energy Star is a US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) programme designed to promote 

energy-efficient products and buildings by certifying the top performers. The EPA’s 1-100 energy 

star score allows comparison between different building types across the US. A score of 50 

represents average performance, while a score of 75 indicates the building is better than 75 per cent 

of similar properties. 

In October 2016, the Energy 1-100 score of the Lansing Corporate Head Office was 81 (December 

2012 baseline: 45), an increase of 80 per cent, placing this facility in the top 20 per cent of all 

buildings of its type. During this time, GHG emissions decreased by 27 per cent (1,900 TCO2-e). 


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,SocialandGovernanceReport2016  Prudential plc

13

recycled, up from 59 per cent in 2013. We 

continue to seek opportunities to reduce 

waste to landfill. For example, compostable 

food and drinks packaging was introduced 

at Jackson National Life’s Corporate Head 

Office in Lansing, Michigan. 

Processes are in place to ensure 

compliance with legal requirements 

with regard to waste. We do not report 

separately the hazardous waste generated 

by our operations as these are minimal for 

an office-based business such as ours and 

not considered material. As with water, 

accurate data remains a challenge and 

we will continue to work with our waste 

contractors and other partners to refine the 

accuracy of our data collection methods.

Enforcement actions

No fines or regulatory enforcement actions 

occurred during the year for environmental 

incidents, the same as in 2015. 

2016 initiatives

The Group has recognised the growing 

importance that our stakeholders 

place on reducing our own operational 

environmental footprint and the impacts 

of our business more broadly. In addition 

to the performance data trends reported 

above, the following initiatives were 

undertaken in 2016.

Setting global targets

A significant challenge for our business 

has been the need for a broader set of 

environmental targets to capture the 

Group’s operations, as much activity to 

date has been driven by our UK activities. 

In recognition of this, the Corporate 

Property team engaged international 

colleagues during an Environment, 

Health and Safety Council meeting and 

established a global framework, detailing 

a roadmap to 2020 covering energy, water, 

waste, building sustainability standards, 

procurement and ecology in our 

operations in the UK, Asia and North 

America. We believe this approach better 

reflects the way our business is managed 

and recognises the different market 

dynamics and maturity of environmental 

improvement across our regions. 

This framework can be accessed here. 

Collaborating  

with our UK supply chain

We have harnessed the expertise 

of our procurement team to exploit 

environmental improvement opportunities 

in our supply chain. A new 100 per cent 

renewable energy contract for electricity 

purchased for our UK occupied property 

estate has replaced an earlier low-carbon 

energy contract. This covers 16 per cent of 

our global electricity consumption (Scope 

2 GHG emissions).

Our IT team has leased additional space 

in a new data centre. Sustainability criteria 

were established as part of the procurement 

strategy and we sourced a sustainable 

facility in London, which is BREEAM-

certified (the UK’s green building standard), 

powered by renewable energy and highly 

energy-efficient, with indirect fresh air 

providing evaporative cooling. 

We have also procured new ‘follow me’ 

printing services to reduce paper consumption 

and introduced more agile working practices 

in a number of our UK offices. 

Water scarcity

Prudential is a member of the European 

Chief Risk Officer Forum and actively 

participates in many of its working groups 

on research and publications that promote 

and develop industry best practices in 

risk management, align regulatory 

requirements with risk management best 

practices and provide insights on emerging 

and long-term risks. In 2016, Prudential 

contributed to a publication summarising 

the risks that water scarcity poses to the 

Going for gold 

Our business in Asia is growing fast. This keeps our property team based in Hong 

Kong busy finding new properties for our growing workforce and refurbishing 

others. During 2016, the team delivered our first Leadership in Energy and 

Environmental Design (LEED) Gold refurbishment in Prudential Corporation Asia 

at our One Island East offices in Quarry Bay, Hong Kong. LEED is a leading global 

sustainability standard for new builds and building refurbishments. 

A low-energy refit was delivered through the installation of LED lighting, provision of 

daylight sensor controls and specification of energy-efficient appliances. All flushing 

water needs were met through municipal-supplied seawater rather than potable 

water and a new high-efficiency flow regulator was fitted to the water supply system 

that uses 40 per cent less water than standard fittings. We also took the opportunity 

to bring the indoor environment closer to nature through a green ‘living’ wall and 

improve air quality through a new highly efficient air filtration system and the use of 

low (solvent) emitting paints, adhesives and soft furnishings and carpets. Seventy-

eight per cent of construction waste generated through the project was recycled 

and diverted from landfill. 

Case study: Hong Kong

insurance sector and the role that the 

sector can play in delivering solutions. 

These issues include supply, pollution, 

health, treatment, conflicts, regulatory 

and reputational risks, many of which 

are complex and challenging to assess. 

The publication can be accessed at  

www.thecroforum.org/water-risk/ 

As part of our continued membership of 

ClimateWise, we will explore how best to 

contribute to the water scarcity debate 

and other aspects of climate change. 

Building our capacity

In recognition of the growing importance 

of the environment, we strengthened our 

internal environmental capabilities and 

focus with the recruitment of a Head of 

Environment, Health and Safety. This 

new global-facing role will work with 

our Business Units to drive forward 

our environmental programmes. 


Prudential plc  Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2016 

www.prudential.co.uk

14

Responsible investment principles are 

increasingly used to manage the reputational 

risks connected to ESG issues arising from a 

company’s investment activity. There are two 

critical principles that underlie responsible 

investment: firstly, that ESG factors are 

considered in the investment process; and 

secondly, that something entrusted to one’s 

care is carefully and responsibly managed 

(ie stewardship).

As a global financial services group serving 

around 24 million life customers and with 

£599 billion of assets under management 

(as at 31 December 2016), Prudential’s 

investments are subject to ESG 

considerations that we incorporate into our 

investment decisions in order to generate 

sustainable, long-term returns. 

While these factors are sometimes 

difficult to measure in monetary terms, 

they can impact the risks and returns of our 

investments. For this reason, we place the 

utmost importance on selecting the right 

assets, understanding ‘at risk’ industries 

and markets, and deciding whether to 

invest, by assessing potential and actual 

investee performance in respect of 

ESG-related matters. 

As well as incorporating ESG 

considerations into our decision-making 

process, we recognise that we have the 

opportunity and responsibility to positively 

influence investee behaviour. Our asset 

management businesses take an active 

approach to engaging with investees on 

ESG-related matters. 

Our approach

The Prudential Group manages assets 

across a number of businesses, the 

principal ones being M&amp;G, headquartered 

in the UK and Eastspring, headquartered in 

Singapore. We also have an asset manager 

headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, owned 

by our US business. We are long-term 

investors and are committed to managing 

our customers’ assets responsibly. 

Wherever there is a meaningful impact 

on risk and return, our investment teams 

incorporate ESG factors into investment 

analysis and decision-making processes. 

Owing to the distinct investment risks 

faced by our asset management businesses 

– each investing in differing markets and 

asset classes – each business manages 

ESG-related matters through the pursuit of 

individual responsible investment strategies. 

At M&amp;G, the governance and management 

of responsible investment activities are 

overseen by a Responsible Investment 

Advisory Committee, with appointed 

responsible investment coordinators for 

each asset class. The incorporation of ESG 

considerations into investment decisions 

is directed by the M&amp;G responsible 

investment approach, with underlying 

policies guiding the approach on selected 

responsible investment issues. 

To address the climate change agenda, 

for example, engagement is undertaken 

with investees, setting carbon reduction 

targets for our direct property portfolio. 

Complementing this, M&amp;G supports the 

transition to a low-carbon economy by 

positively investing in providers of 

environmental solutions and technologies 

that aim to enable clean energy to be 

generated economically. For further 

information on how M&amp;G manages 

responsible investment, including how 

stewardship responsibilities are 

discharged, see here. 

In 2015, Eastspring embarked on 

developing its business-specific strategy 

for responsible investment, determining 

its approach to responsible investment 

and defining its role as a responsible 

shareholder. This work is being led by 

Eastspring’s Responsible Investment 

Working Group (RIWG). From the 

outset, Eastspring’s approach has been 

‘investment-centred’, cognisant that 

responsible investment and the wider ESG 

framework cannot simply be a package that 

can (or should) be transplanted from one 

institution to another. 

Responsible investment 

In the context of rising environmental pressures from climate change and the continuing and evolving 

universe of social issues facing individuals and communities, it is imperative that global businesses give 

consideration to the opportunities and challenges that these present. 

As one of the world’s 

largest real estate 

investors, M&amp;G’s assets 

collectively make a 

significant contribution to 

the economy of its local 

and national communities


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,SocialandGovernanceReport2016  Prudential plc

15

Stewardship

Our asset management businesses are 

long-term active investors, and we take 

our stewardship role seriously – often 

working closely with the companies in 

which we invest. Active voting is an 

integral  part of our investment approach, 

both adding value and protecting our 

interests as shareholders. On a regular 

basis, we actively exercise our votes and 

engage with investees on strategy, risk, 

performance and governance, including 

on ESG-related matters. 

At the beginning of 2017, M&amp;G for the 

first time published an annual report on 

its stewardship activities, reflecting the 

importance that M&amp;G gives to being 

transparent and demonstrating how an 

active fund manager operates. M&amp;G’s 

Corporate Finance and Stewardship 

Report 2016 can be found here.

Industry involvement

We take a supportive and collaborative 

approach to industry initiatives on 

responsible investment. Both M&amp;G and 

PPMSA (our portfolio manager in South 

Africa) are signatories to the United 

Nations Principles for Responsible 

Investment (UNPRI), and Eastspring 

is currently evaluating its provisions. 

The UNPRI works to change the way 

investors think about ESG, and to help the 

investment community understand the 

implications of ESG factors and use these 

to enhance returns and better manage 

risks. M&amp;G and PPMSA’s UNPRI 2016 

submissions can be found here and here, 

respectively. 

2016 developments

In Eastspring, members of the RIWG 

participated in a number of industry and 

collaborative initiatives including speaking 

at the 2016 PRI Conference in Singapore. In 

April 2016, Eastspring also formed an ‘ESG 

Research, Risk &amp; Engagement Committee’, 

led by its Chief Investment Officer 













Case study: M&amp;G 

ESG analysis in social housing 

Due to the long-term nature of lending to the social housing sector, ESG factors have considerable 

impact, affecting both creditworthiness and collateral value. For example, long-term employment 

patterns and welfare risks affect the affordability of rental payments for tenants. At M&amp;G, a diligent 

approach is taken to ESG analysis, with these factors being considered within credit analysis, due 

diligence, investment and engagement processes. 

During credit analysis, M&amp;G also assesses risk factors such as the proportion of tenants receiving state 

welfare payments and the geographical concentration of the diversity of housing stock, using scenario 

modelling to better understand and manage the impact of the ESG factors. M&amp;G takes an active role 

in engaging with the sector, starting as part of the initial analysis and continuing throughout the loan. 

Successful engagement not only acts as an early-warning signal for problems, but also encourages 

better management practices and disclosure. This active engagement approach helps protect the 

interests of investors, tenants and housing associations.

(Equities), to look at (among other issues) 

its engagement practices on responsible 

investment and improving its 

understanding of current industry issues 

through collaborative initiatives. 

As one of the world’s largest real estate 

investors, M&amp;G’s assets collectively make 

a significant contribution to the economy 

of its local and national communities. 

The businesses that occupy the shopping 

centres, offices, retail and industrial 

properties in which we invest range 

from multi-national corporations to family 

businesses and sole traders. During 2016, 

M&amp;G Real Estate conducted work to 

measure the direct and indirect impacts 

of its funds under management in order 

to better understand their socio-economic 

contribution. For further information on 

indirect investments in building new 

homes, or jobs generated, see the M&amp;G 

Responsible Property Investment Report.


Prudential plc  Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2016 

www.prudential.co.uk

16

Our supply chains 

As a global financial services organisation, we source goods and services from thousands of 

outsourced and third-party suppliers across the world. We recognise the need to source these 

goods and services in a way that maximises value and minimises our supply risk, and we do this 

in an ethically and socially responsible manner. 

Given the number of our outsourced and 

third-party supply relationships, we also 

have a responsibility to the marketplace 

to make it as simple as possible for our 

suppliers to do business with us. We 

manage this through our responsible 

procurement practices.

Managing our impact and risks

Given the geographical spread of our 

businesses, our supply chain is diverse 

and includes businesses that provide 

and maintain our IT network and systems,

 businesses that provide specialist 

professional and advisory services and 

businesses that support our staff and 

their work environment, such as cleaners, 

security staff and property maintenance 

and catering personnel. 













Case study: Group Head Office 

Continuous improvement with suppliers

The Corporate Property team at our Group Head Office operates a bespoke supplier relationship management handbook 

to manage its suppliers. Among other things, the handbook sets out how to segment suppliers against the financial value 

of contracts, how easy it is to replace them in the event of supplier failure and, as a result, the management ‘tier’ the 

supplier falls into. Under the handbook: 

 

— For Tier 1 suppliers (our most material suppliers), a full programme of relationship management tools is available 

including: active management of individual risk registers, monitoring of contract compliance and financial integrity, 

annual due diligence and submission of insurance certificates and modern slavery compliance statements.

 

— For Tier 2 suppliers, a more risk-based approach is expected. The same relationship management tools are available 

as for Tier 1 suppliers.

 

— Tier 3 suppliers are expected to be managed using a category-based approach, with a risk profile commensurate 

to their exposure to Prudential. 

 

— The management of Tier 4 suppliers (our least material suppliers) is limited to Prudential placing purchase orders 

and ensuring compliance with payment terms.

The Corporate Property team encourages innovation and continuous improvement and facilitates a quarterly forum 

where ideas can be presented. Once a year, Corporate Property awards a supplier excellence award to a member 

of its supply chain based on a set of criteria: agility and flexibility of supply; partnership and risk sharing; quality of 

communications; innovation and development support; practitioners of best practice; on-time delivery; quality 

performance and best value with cost-reduction initiatives.


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,SocialandGovernanceReport2016  Prudential plc

17

Our businesses retain ultimate 

responsibility for any activity that is supplied 

or outsourced. If our supply arrangements 

fail, our businesses could suffer unforeseen 

business interruption, additional costs or 

even regulatory breaches. 

For these reasons, it is vital that we actively 

manage our impact and risks in this area. 

These risks can vary according to the nature 

of the goods or services being provided, 

and where they are based. 

We are committed to procuring goods and 

services from businesses whose standards 

and values align to our own, as set out in 

our Business Code of Conduct. To help 

achieve this, we have implemented a Group 

Outsourcing and Third-Party Supply Policy 

that sets out the requirements for the 

management of outsourcing and 

third-party supply arrangements across 

the Group. Given the operational and 

regulatory differences around the Group, 

our businesses can also adopt supporting 

policies and reporting procedures at a local 

level to better reflect their needs. As the 

current Group Outsourcing and 

Third-Party Supply Policy is due to be 

reviewed, it has not been made publicly 

available. Other policies, such as the Group 

Health and Safety Policy and our Group 

Employee Relations and Resourcing 

policies also support the management of 

our global supply chains and are (or will 

shortly be) available here. 

One of the ways we monitor compliance 

with these standards is through our 

‘Speak Out’ service, a confidential online 

and telephone reporting service that 

encourages employees to raise concerns, 

including any regarding our suppliers. For 

more information on ‘Speak Out’, please 

refer to the ‘Business Integrity’ section of 

this report. More formally, our businesses 

are required to evaluate and certify 

compliance with the requirements of 

the Group Outsourcing and Third-Party 

Supply Policy on an annual basis. 

Our businesses (and their respective 

procurement teams) are expected to 

undertake due diligence before engaging 

a new supplier. For a possible critical 

outsourcing and third-party supply 

arrangement, this would include an 

assessment of the risks of the supplier 

breaching the UN Universal Declaration 

of Human Rights. Once approved, the 

relationship with such suppliers is then 

actively managed, at the appropriate level, 

through combinations of ongoing due 

diligence, review meetings, annual 

attestations given by the suppliers and, 

if required, audits conducted on the 

relevant supplier. 

Recognising that a large number of our 

suppliers are financially and operationally 

smaller than us, we are committed to 

ensuring that we pay them promptly, in 

accordance with our contractual obligations. 

For operational suppliers at our Group Head 

Office, for example, our accounts payable 

systems are set up to mirror the payment 

terms agreed and monthly reports are sent 

to management that identify individuals 

responsible for invoices that remain unpaid 

after the due date. Where there are 

outstanding queries with a supplier on an 

invoice, a typical response is to put to one 

side any disputed amount to allow the 

remainder of the invoice to be paid. (Further 

detail on our payment practices for the 

UK-based companies in our Group will be 

available in 2018 as part of our disclosures in 

response to the new reporting requirements 

under the Small Business, Enterprise and 

Employment Act 2015.)

To add rigour to their approach, our 

businesses also seek accreditation with 

recognised bodies. For example, the 

procurement practices of Prudential UK 

have been accredited with the Chartered 

Institute of Purchasing and Supply. This 

accreditation, in particular, helps to ensure 

that our processes are transparent for our 

UK suppliers.

2016 highlights

We believe in respecting human rights and 

acting responsibly and with integrity. We 

have always believed this commitment 

extends beyond our organisation and 

into our supply chain. Following recent 

regulatory developments in the UK around 

modern slavery, we undertook a number 

of initiatives in 2016 in relation to our 

outsourced and third-party suppliers. For 

more information around modern slavery 

and how we are identifying and managing 

our risks in relation to slavery, human 

trafficking, child and forced labour, please 

read our 2016 Modern Slavery Statement.

On a day-to-day basis, our suppliers 

are managed by the local teams in our 

businesses, as their supplier landscapes 

and the way they manage their suppliers 

differ accordingly. Prudential UK, for 

example, undertook a major transformation 

programme in 2016 to create a ‘best in 

class’ procurement and supply chain 

function, changing the way our UK 

business selects its suppliers and how it 

does business with them. As part of the 

programme, a new central repository 

system was set up for all of its procurement 

activities and supplier documentation, 

contractual templates were standardised 

and amended due diligence questions 

agreed. Preferred suppliers were also 

selected, approved and contracted by the 

UK procurement team to ensure a 

streamlining of services. The programme 

also resulted in annual attestation 

processes being changed to an ongoing 

attestation process, which should more 

promptly highlight any concerns in relation 

to supplier compliance and track any 

remedial actions. 

In Asia, we recognise the need to be 

proactive in meeting the expectations 

and challenges of the changing markets. 

Across the region we operate in mature, 

developing and emerging markets, 

which provide a diversity of challenges. 

For example, regulations are constantly 

changing and evolving. In Singapore, the 

Monetary Authority Singapore (MAS) 

issued new guidelines on Outsourcing 

Risk Management in July 2016. In 

emerging markets, such as Laos, the 

vendor community is less familiar with the 

expectations of multinational corporations. 

Our Asian business unit determined that 

while policy guidelines were necessary to 

ensure governance systems and controls 

were in place, practical support and 

guidance were also necessary to enable 

our businesses to address local challenges. 

In response to this need, in 2016 our Asian 

business unit developed and implemented 

the regional Vendor Governance Policy, 

supported by a Procurement Management 

Framework and a Vendor Management 

Framework. The policy was established to 

provide specific governance requirements 

in respect of relationships with third-party 

suppliers, augmenting the requirements of 

the Group Outsourcing and Third-Party 

Supply Policy for the Asian context. The 

Procurement Management Framework 

and the Vendor Management Framework 

provide specific guidance to the region’s 

businesses in respect of their dealings with 

third-party vendors both pre-contract 

(procurement) and post-contract (vendor 

management). Adherence to these 

frameworks provides clear and effective 

direction for compliance with the Vendor 

Governance Policy. Through 

implementation of the policy and 

frameworks, our Asian business has 

provided clarity and counsel to all local 

businesses as well as in-country face-to-

face training and consultation. Ongoing 

support includes the provision of online 

access to tools and templates via a system 

developed in-house in direct response to 

the specific requirements of the businesses.


Prudential plc  Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2016 

www.prudential.co.uk

18

Emerging technologies enable us to 

provide financial protection to previously 

unreachable communities and deliver 

better, more efficient outcomes for our 

customers. They also bring new concerns, 

in particular cyber risks, which pose threats 

to our business operations and the customer 

data that we hold and protect. 

Cyber risk remains a prominent concern 

and focus area for regulators (and 

corporates in the financial services sector) 

after a number of high-profile attacks and 

data losses, as cyber-criminal groups 

continue to outpace law enforcement 

agencies. Given this concern, cyber 

threats, including the risk of a malicious 

attack on the Group’s IT systems and risks 

relating to data integrity and confidentiality, 

are seen as a significant Group exposure 

that could have a significant impact on 

business continuity, our customer 

relationships and our brand reputation.

Addressing cyber risk

Strategy

Our cyber strategy is constantly evolving to 

anticipate and respond to the advances being 

made in the technologies we use. We are 

clear that our ability to protect our customers 

in cyberspace remains at the core of our 

business as we transition to an increasingly 

digital way of working. 

Prudential’s newly approved Group-wide 

Cyber Risk Management Strategy sets 

out three core objectives: to develop a 

comprehensive situational awareness of 

our business in cyberspace; to engage 

and disrupt cyber attackers proactively to 

minimise the harm they could pose to our 

business; and to enable the business to 

grow confidently and safely in cyberspace. 

Technology

Advances in technology have increased exponentially in recent years, and bring with 

them both opportunities and threats to Prudential as a Group and to our businesses.

We are constantly 

identifying capability 

gaps and incorporating 

new technologies to 

improve our customers’ 

digital proposition as well 

as to adapt to the rapidly 

changing markets in 

which we operate













Case study: Europe 

New cyber tool

In 2016, we deployed a new cyber security monitoring and analytics tool in 

Europe. This tool uses machine learning to establish behavioural norms on our 

network and, combined with threat intelligence, improves our awareness of 

unusual and potentially risky activities. This tool supplemented the existing 

security monitoring provided by our security operations centre and has identified 

further potential incidents that would not have been seen by our traditional 

security monitoring tooling. This has significantly improved our capabilities for 

cyber situational awareness. Following deployment in Europe, this tool has also 

been deployed in the US and there are plans to deploy it in Asia.


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,SocialandGovernanceReport2016  Prudential plc

19

Delivery of this strategy is managed locally 

by our businesses within their regional 

contexts, and will be managed through the 

execution of our new Cyber Defence Plan, 

which consists of a number of work 

streams, including: 

 

— Foundations: Drawing on existing 

reviews and new work to define and 

ensure a baseline level of cyber 

capability across all Business Units;

 

— Situational awareness: Developing 

our capability and improving our ability 

to perceive, understand and predict 

Prudential’s cyber exposure;

 

— Cyber operations: Improving our 

ability to deal with incidents and act 

effectively during cyber attacks;

 

— Digital alignment: Improving the 

security teams’ capacity to adapt to 

the digital transformation strategy; and

 

— Increased cyber oversight: Increasing 

the level of assurance provided to the 

Board on the effective management of 

cyber risk.

Our Group Information Security Committee 

will govern the execution of the Cyber 

Defence Plan and will report on delivery 

against the plan, and more generally on 

cyber risks, to the Group Executive Risk 

Committee. Overall, our cyber risk is 

monitored by our Group Risk Committee, 

a committee of the Board, with Non-

executive Directors providing insight on 

emerging risks and risk management. The 

Board receives periodic updates on cyber 

risk management throughout the year. 

2016 highlights

The current Group-wide Cyber Risk 

Management Strategy and associated 

Cyber Defence Plan were approved by the 

Board in 2016. Our precursor to the Cyber 

Defence Plan, the Cyber Enhancement 

Programme, was live throughout 2016 

and successfully delivered on a number 

of governance and management 

improvements to our cyber strategy 

across the Group. This programme is due 

to be finished in 2017. Once completed, 

we will look to initiate our newly approved 

Group-wide Cyber Defence Plan. This new 

multi-year plan will focus on enhancing our 

technical abilities even further and on 

a more consistent basis across the Group.

The Jackson National Life Cyber 

Programme also successfully delivered 

significantly improved capabilities in our 

North American Business Unit, including 

a new 24x7 Security Operations Centre. 

Our Asian businesses continued to build 

on their existing cyber security 

foundations, although no major 

programmes were undertaken outside of 

normal project activities. A programme of 

work has been established to simplify the 

security management structure in Europe 

and a new executive sponsor, our new 

Group Chief Digital Officer (see further 

detail below), has been appointed, as part 

of his remit, to be responsible for security 

issues across the region. 

We are confident that our security 

monitoring and incident response 

capabilities have operated effectively to 

manage the incidents we have faced this 

year (and we will be building upon these  

in the coming years as part of the Group’s 

Cyber Defence Plan). The Group 

experienced a few security incidents  

in 2016, none of which caused any 

material harm.

In 2016, we conducted a Group-wide 

review of our management of data privacy. 

Going forward, we will update our Group 

data privacy policies and the related 

governance structure and control 

environment to ensure we meet the 

requirements of the General Data 

Protection Regulation in the EU.

Our businesses are required to ensure that 

staff receive annual training on information 

security and many of our businesses 

conduct training and awareness 

programmes throughout the year. This year 

we have seen increased use of customised 

video training and a continuation of 

campaigns to alert staff to the dangers 

of ‘phishing’. We have also created and 

started to deliver one-to-one training 

sessions on cyber security for senior 

executives in addition to their normal 

training requirements.

Digital innovation

Strategy

While our industry is currently facing 

significant digital disruption, for Prudential 

this represents an opportunity to drive 

greater efficiency, as well as to enable our 

products and services to reach communities 

that were not previously accessible. Digital 

innovation at Prudential is managed in line 

with our digital strategy, as set by our Group 

Chief Digital Officer, who came into this 

newly created role at the beginning of 2016. 

This new role reports directly to our Group 

Chief Executive. 

Our digital strategy sets out how we 

transform our product and technology 

capabilities – in the way we design our 

products, how we distribute them and how 

we service our customers. It focuses the 

way we manage our opportunities, firstly 

by adding scalability and growth – digital 

technology offers flexibility and affordable 

growth, as transaction volumes can be 

increased and processes streamlined at 

minimal cost. Secondly, it also offers novel 

concepts – our customers demand that we 

innovate to remain a market leader. 

Our strategy is underpinned by our internal 

Group Technology Governance Manual 

and Group-wide standards, compliance 

with which is certified annually as part of 

our overall Group Governance Framework. 

This is managed by our regional business 

infrastructure heads, regional chief 

information security officers and heads 

of information technology. 

2016 highlights

During 2016, we have made investments 

across our businesses to further our digital 

proposition, both to improve our internal 

operations and to improve access and 

service for our customers. 

Security videos for staff

One of our business units worked with an external media agency to develop a series 

of short video interviews with key security staff and executives explaining both the 

company’s commitment to security and the risks we face. These videos have 

provided a valuable, easily consumed source of awareness and training for non-

specialist staff who are commonly targeted through social engineering techniques. 

These videos are now being shared with the wider Group.

Case study: Training


Prudential plc  Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2016 

www.prudential.co.uk

20

Technology

Continued

‘Cycle harvesting’ 

In 2016, Jackson’s Technology Services group designed and deployed to its actuarial 

group the first cycle harvesting of server and desktop computers. Cycle harvesting is 

the process of locating unused computing capacity and making it available for ordinary 

use. As a result, rather than purchasing new computers or renting computing resources 

in the cloud, existing equipment can now be shared without impacting the equipment’s 

existing workload. 

In 2016, the first 1,232 processors were delivered to the actuarial group, avoiding 

equivalent cloud computing charges of over US$140,000 in the first two months alone. 

When fully completed in 2017, Jackson’s new innovation will be on track to save almost 

US$12 million annually in cloud-equivalent resources, and will triple the computing 

resources available for the actuarial group’s calculations. The Jackson cycle harvesting 

effort has been very well received by industry specialists, including the software 

vendor on whose platform it is built, which has asked for permission to publish the 

invention. The vendor is now working to implement the innovation at universities 

that have worked to perfect cycle harvesting for over a decade.

Case study: US

We are constantly identifying capability 

gaps and incorporating new technologies 

to improve our customers’ digital 

proposition as well as to adapt to the 

rapidly changing markets in which we 

operate. As mentioned in the ‘Meeting 

customers’ needs’ section of this report, 

in the UK we introduced a fully flexible 

online application process for the popular 

Prudential ISA product and the online 

Prudential Retirement Account in response 

to the UK’s pensions freedom reform. 

We also launched a health and wellness 

campaign with a digital health company in 

Hong Kong, allowing customers access to 

their own innovative DNA-based health 

and nutrition programme through a mobile 

app. In Thailand, where ‘being mobile’ is 

key to the delivery of our customer service, 

we launched our ‘PRUcare’ mobile 

application, which offers, among other 

benefits, location-based features for 

customers to pinpoint their nearest 

hospitals. We had over 2,000 downloads 

of the application within the first two 

weeks of public launch. 

In Jackson, we invested in advancing and 

enabling our core digital strategy and 

infrastructure, which will position us 

favourably in 2017. In particular, in early 

2016, we began work on digital integration 

that will enable our business partners to 

move away from the industry’s current 

paper-dominated processes. We also 

began work on electronic trading, 

electronic settlement of disbursements, 

and enhancements to the robustness 

of the data we provide to our partners, all 

of which we expect to complete in 2017.

Internally, in 2016, we launched a 

Group-wide initiative implementing a 

new global risk and portfolio management 

system, Aladdin, across our asset 

management businesses. Aladdin, 

provided by BlackRock, is an operating 

system for our investment managers that 

combines sophisticated risk analytics with 

comprehensive portfolio management, 

trading and operations tools on a single 

platform. Aladdin is helping us to simplify 

our operating infrastructure, foster 

innovation and encourage further growth 

in our asset management businesses.

As part of our digital transformation, 

we expect to pilot a number of exciting 

technology initiatives going forward. 

These include migration to cloud data-

centre providers, self-service paperless 

models for our customers and the use of 

artificial intelligence.


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,SocialandGovernanceReport2016  Prudential plc

21

Valuing our people 

At Prudential we encourage an inclusive working environment where we develop our talent, 

reward great performance and recognise our differences in order to continue to deliver 

outstanding results for our customers, shareholders and communities.

This is achieved through our continued 

focus on diversity and inclusion, talent 

development and performance and reward.

Diversity and inclusion

We believe that diversity of experience, 

thought and background is vital to succeed 

both today and in the future. The Board has 

therefore decided to make diversity and 

inclusion one of the strategic objectives for 

Prudential and has appointed Penny James, 

Group Chief Risk Officer, to act as an 

executive sponsor for diversity and inclusion. 

Our policies and plans support an inclusive 

culture that is sensitive to the needs of all 

employees. We protect all our employees 

against discrimination and provide 

opportunities for our people regardless of 

their age, caring responsibilities, disability 

status, ethnicity, gender, religion or sexual 

orientation. We make appropriate disability 

adjustments as required, and provide training 

and career development opportunities for 

all.  We give full and fair consideration and 

encouragement to all applicants with suitable 

aptitude and abilities. 

We aim to foster a working environment 

where individuals are empowered and 

differences are recognised. We aspire that 

over time our senior management better 

represents the experiences and background 

of our customers and stakeholders. 

The Board monitors progress on diversity 

and inclusion through quarterly updates 

and the annual talent review process.

We have a strategic, long-term approach 

to diversity and inclusion at Group level 

and in each Business Unit, and we invest 

in targeted activity across 10 priority areas 

ranging from diversity and inclusion-

focused development through support for 

various affinity groups, including, among 

others, ethnicity/nationality, gender, LGBT, 

disability, age, social mobility, parenting 

and care. Across our businesses our 

commitment to diversity and inclusion is 

supported by initiatives such as reviews 

of pay and performance management 













Case study: 

Increasing diversity in 2016

 

— Prudential Corporation Asia rolled out the ‘PRU+YOU’ programme to help colleagues to achieve  

personal well-being goals and promote family-friendly practices. 

 

— Our North America business has expanded the existing College Relations initiative with the addition  

of partnerships with Morehouse College, Spelman College and Clark Atlanta University in order to 

support diversity of ethnicity at entry level. 

 

— The apprenticeship programme offered within our UK life business continued to demonstrate its success 

and has recruited its fourth cohort. 

 

— M&amp;G further improved the nationality, academic and social diversity of its graduate schemes  

and for the first time ensured 50 per cent women on its investments schemes. 

 

— Group Head Office has increased its focus on gender diversity through the development  

of talented women, with 46 per cent female participation in available talent programmes. 

 

— Prudential’s African scholarship programme has supported the education of 628 children in Ghana and Kenya. 

We have further developed our affinity networks: M&amp;G Pride for LGBT employees and allies and the UK-based 

Prudential Women’s Network.


Prudential plc  Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2016 

www.prudential.co.uk

22

consistency, providing training to staff 

and engaging with recruitment firms to 

mitigate unconscious bias, and awareness 

campaigns to diversify the pool of 

potential candidates. Our Group Diversity 

and Inclusion Policy, with which our 

businesses certify compliance annually, 

is available on our Group website. 

As part of our broad diversity and inclusion 

agenda, we have publicly committed to 

having at least 30 per cent of women in 

senior management by the end of 2021 and 

we have signed the HM Treasury Women 

in Finance Charter. As an important step in 

this direction, we aim to achieve 27 per cent 

female representation in senior 

management by the end of 2019. 

Responsible working practices

We believe in supporting human rights and 

acting responsibly and with integrity. Our 

policies are guided by the principles of the 

UN’s Universal Declaration of Human Rights 

and the International Labour Organisation’s 

core labour standards. These are also 

incorporated into our Group Code of 

Business Conduct, which sets out the Group 

values and expected standards of behaviour 

for all employees, and in our Group 

Outsourcing and Third-Party Supply Policy. 

Our Group Employee Relations and 

Resourcing polices are (or shortly will be) 

available on our Group website, along with 

our Board-approved Modern Slavery Act 

(MSA) statement. These policies have 

been updated to raise awareness of the 

MSA and our responsibilities, as well as to 

highlight our compliance expectations. 

Our Business Units implement policies and 

practices at a local level that aim to ensure 

compliance with statutory and regulatory 

requirements in the local labour market 

and the prevention of slavery, human 

trafficking, child and forced labour. 

Compliance with Group policies is certified 

annually through our Group Governance 

Manual certification process. In 2016, an 

independent, externally hosted 

whistleblowing website and hotline 

system, Speak Out, was launched, which 

allows individuals to raise concerns and 

seek guidance on a broad range of issues 

(see page 7 of this report).

Talent development  

and succession planning

People development is essential to deliver 

our strategy. The quality of leadership 

across the Group is fundamental to the 

future growth and success of the business 

and we therefore review our talent annually 

and offer a range of programmes that 

enable our people to continue to grow and 

develop. The majority of our programmes 

are managed by our Business Units, while 

Group Human Resources focuses on 

tailored programmes for senior leaders 

across the organisation, succession 

planning for senior roles and development 

of our leadership talent pipeline. We invest 

in succession planning for our leaders and 

critical specialists, and segment our talent 

to identify short, medium and long-term 

successors. We support them with the 

appropriate development and career 

planning, to ensure that we maintain an 

appropriate balance of internal progression 

and external hires. 

Individually tailored development offerings 

are provided for our most senior executives 

so they are well prepared to deliver the 

long-term ambitions of the Group. In 2016, 

more than 143 senior high-potential 

individuals participated in our Group-wide 

leadership development programmes 

‘Impact’ and ‘Agility’. These programmes 

have been developed in partnership and 

co-delivered with world-leading academic 

institutions. Further information about 

senior succession and development can be 

found in the Governance section of our 

Annual Report.

Valuing our people

Continued

2016

24%

17%

2012

Male

Female

Gender diversity within the senior leadership

Headcount

Total

Male

Female

Chairman and Independent 

Non-executive Directors

9

=

7

2

Executive Directors

7

=

5

2

Group Executive Committee (GEC)

13

=

11

2

Senior managers

93

=

71

22

Whole company1

23,673

=

11,139

12,534

1 

Excludes PCA joint ventures.

76%

83%


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,SocialandGovernanceReport2016  Prudential plc

23

Within our businesses there are many 

examples of our continuing commitment 

to talent development. Prudential 

Corporation Asia develops CEOs with 

targeted high-touch programmes, such 

as cross-company experience, which are 

continually reviewed, incorporating new 

thinking and future capabilities as required. 

In the US, Jackson University provides 

a highly customisable approach to 

associates’ personal development and 

professional learning; and Prudential UK 

provides a fully differentiated management 

development offering, distinguishing the 

requirements of aspiring managers and 

experienced leaders. M&amp;G Real Estate 

supports career development through a 

Fund Manager Job Shadowing programme; 

and Group Head Office provides 

innovative programmes designed in 

partnership with top academic institutions, 

which offer leadership development and the 

opportunity to gain valuable experience 

through relevant business projects.

Employee engagement

An array of initiatives is in place within our 

different businesses to drive employee 

engagement. Depending on the business 

this engagement can start as soon as a 

new employee joins us, with an induction 

programme to learn about the history 

and strategy of the Group. Throughout the 

employee’s career, additional opportunities 

may include being offered a number of 

high-impact training sessions as well as 

workshops on resilience, managing 

energy and enhancing productivity. 

Each of our businesses manages its own 

intranet, providing all employees with 

access to regular updates, articles and 

internal and external news items relevant 

to the business and its geographical 

location. Each intranet also gets updated 

with material news from across the Group. 

Some of our businesses hold regular employee 

open-forums with senior management, 

conduct yearly engagement surveys or 

organise awaydays to discuss the business, our 

performance and internal management. Any 

highlighted issues are then used to improve 

the way in which we work. In addition, there 

are informal opportunities to meet senior 

managers and facilities to network with both 

peers and senior leaders across functions; and 

well-being programmes to support sustainable 

high performance. We also have policies to 

encourage and support volunteering for 

charitable causes. 

In addition, our businesses in the UK  

have a long-standing relationship with  

the union Unite. 

We encourage volunteering through which 

our employees can support our communities 

and acquire new skills. Further detail can be 

found in the Corporate Responsibility review 

in our Annual Report.

Performance and reward

Our reward packages are designed to 

attract, motivate and retain high-calibre 

people across all levels. Each individual 

contributes to the success of the Group 

and should be rewarded accordingly.

We recognise and reward high 

performance while operating a fair and 

transparent system of reward. Reward is 

linked to the delivery of business goals and 

expected behaviours and we ensure that 

rewards for our people are consistent 

with our values and do not incentivise 

inappropriate risk-taking. To enable this, 

employees are not only regularly assessed 

on ‘what’ they have achieved, but also on 

‘how’ they have done so. 

Across our businesses we run recognition 

initiatives, such as the Prudential Stars 

awards at Group Head Office, which are 

made to individuals nominated by their 

colleagues for outstanding examples of 

execution, impact and engagement. We 

also believe in the importance of giving 

employees the opportunity to benefit 

from the Group’s success through share 

ownership, and operate employee share 

plans in the UK and Asia. These include 

PruSharePlus, which enables employees 

in Asia to share in the longer-term success 

of the business, and actively encourages 

share ownership and engagement. 

Prudential’s executive remuneration 

arrangements reward the achievement 

of Group, business, functional and/or 

personal targets, provided that this 

performance is delivered within the 

Group’s risk framework and appetites, 

and that the conduct expectations of 

Prudential, our regulators and other 

stakeholders are met. The structure of 

Executive Directors’ remuneration is similar 

to that of other senior employees in the 

Group and Executive Directors’ salary 

increases are aligned with the bottom of 

the range of pay budgets for the wider 

workforce. To strengthen the alignment 

between Executive Directors and our 

shareholders, 40 per cent of Executive 

Directors’ bonus is deferred in shares for 

three years and Executive Directors are 

required to meet shareholding guidelines. 

Performance in 2016 built on the strong 

results achieved in recent years and 

bonuses awarded to Executive Directors 

for 2016 and the long-term incentive 

awards to be released to Executive 

Directors in April 2017 reflect this 

performance. During 2016, the Group 

Remuneration Committee undertook a 

review of the remuneration architecture 

of the Executive Directors and proposed 

a number of changes to our remuneration 

policy for 2017. These included a 

sustainability scorecard and a two-year 

holding period in respect of 2017 long-term 

incentive awards. 

Our detailed Directors’ Remuneration 

Report, including our remuneration 

strategy, principles and architecture, 

can be found in the Annual Report.

Health and safety

We recognise the importance of managing 

the health, safety and well-being of our 

employees, and of controlling the level 

of safety and health risk to which our 

employees, suppliers, customers and 

visitors are exposed. We are committed to 

ensuring compliance with health and safety 

legislation and standards to which all our 

businesses are subject and have adopted a 

Group-wide policy that applies to all of our 

companies, locations and activities. The 

policy can be found here. As part of our 

Group Governance Manual, all our 

operational entities are required to report 

on their management arrangements for 

health and safety. Opportunities for 

improvement are identified and shared 

with our Business Units. We will 

continue to review our health and safety 

arrangements and performance to ensure 

they remain relevant and appropriate.


Prudential plc  Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2016 

www.prudential.co.uk

24











Supporting our communities 

Our core business is building stronger, more sustainable communities. Alongside our role as a 

global life insurer and asset manager, we have a wider role to play in the broader sustainable 

development agenda, for example in building financial literacy and improving financial inclusion.

Our community investment programme 

is linked to our strategy and is focused 

around four principal areas: social inclusion, 

financial education and life skills, disaster 

preparedness, and employee engagement.

Long-term community 

programmes

We establish long-term relationships with 

our charity partners. Our programmes vary 

according to the needs and culture of each 

region – for example, focusing on disaster 

relief and preparedness in our Asian 

markets, as Asia Pacific is the world’s 

most disaster-prone region. 

Our operating model allows each 

of our businesses, which are closest 

to our customers and other stakeholders, 

to manage their activities within the 

framework of a consistent, Group-wide 

approach. In order to guide our businesses 

to actively support their communities in 

line with our strategy, we have in place a 

Group Community Investment Policy. This 

outlines the minimum standards expected 

of our community investment programmes 

and prohibits certain investments, such as 

political expenditures and contributions to 

religious organisations whose principal aim 

is to propagate a particular faith.

We believe corporate responsibility 

is best managed on the ground by the 

people running our businesses. M&amp;G, 

Jackson and Prudential UK have 

governance committees in place, with 

senior management representation, that 

agree strategy and spend. In Asia, the 

Prudence Foundation has been established 

as a unified charitable platform to align and 

maximise the impact of community efforts 

across the region. 



Case study: First Read 

Helping children reach their potential

By 2050, today’s children will be the crucial generation 

supporting some 922 million elderly people across Asia. 

Therefore a key objective of our community programmes 

is to lay strong foundations to help these children realise 

their potential, especially in areas where infrastructure and 

resources are lacking. Well educated children form the 

basis of a strong and stable society, and such investments 

have a positive and long-term impact. 

In 2013, Prudence Foundation partnered with Save the 

Children to develop and implement First Read, a unique 

programme that focuses on Early Childhood Care and 

Development (ECCD) in Cambodia and the Philippines. 

ECCD programmes are recognised in helping improve 

school performance as well as reduce dropout and 

repetition rates, ultimately reducing costs and improving 

efficiencies of primary education. They also have 

long-term impacts on a country’s education, health, moral 

and social values and children’s development as a whole. 

Over the last three years the partnership has directly 

benefited more than 220,000 children and adults and 

indirectly over 483,000 community members. In 2017, we 

will be continuing our partnership with Save the Children 

as we enter Phase 2 of the programme, which will further 

invest and develop ECCD in the two countries. 


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,SocialandGovernanceReport2016  Prudential plc

25

Our corporate responsibility 

goes far beyond pure 

charitable cash donations 

and has evolved to focus on 

strategic, long-term 

programmes as well as 

significant in-kind support 

including staff volunteering

The Prudence Foundation creates 

social value through building disaster 

preparedness capabilities in communities 

and maintaining disaster relief support in 

emergencies, focusing on three key areas: 

mass education and awareness, capacity 

building and advocacy. The Foundation is 

governed by a statutory Board of Directors, 

under which a Board of Trustees operates 

as a decision-making forum, directing 

the management of the programmes in 

collaboration with our local businesses, 

and ensuring we maximise the value of 

our spend to local communities. We review 

our long-term community investment 

partnerships at least every three years.

Our community 

investment performance

We monitor community investment 

activities across the Group and review 

our programmes to ensure they are fit for 

purpose. Our corporate responsibility goes 

far beyond pure charitable cash donations 

and has evolved to focus on strategic, 

long-term programmes as well as 

significant in-kind support including 

staff volunteering. 

Our community investment is 

benchmarked against the internationally 

recognised London Benchmarking Group 

(LBG) standard on an annual basis. This 

includes cash donations to registered 

charitable organisations, as well as a cash 

equivalent for in-kind contributions. 

In 2016, the Group spent £20 million 

supporting community activities. Direct 

cash donations to charitable organisations 

amounted to £16 million, of which 

approximately £5 million came from 

our UK and EU operations, which are 

principally our UK life operation and M&amp;G. 

The remaining £11 million was contributed 

to charitable organisations by Jackson, 

PCA and Prudential Africa.

The cash contribution to charitable 

organisations from our UK and EU 

operations is broken down as follows: 

education £2,667,000; social, welfare 

and environment £2,036,000; cultural 

£142,000 and staff volunteering £88,000. 

The balance includes in-kind donations: 

10,675 employees who dedicated 

83,284 hours of volunteer service in their 

communities. Furthermore, over £460,000 

was donated across the Group by 

our employees through our payroll 

giving scheme. 

2016 highlights

In the UK, Prudential RideLondon has 

become one of the UK’s largest fundraising 

events, raising over £41 million in its first four 

years. In 2016 alone, more than 740 charities 

benefited from riders’ fundraising. As title 

sponsor, in 2016 we partnered with three 

charities – Teach First, Greenhouse Sports 

and the Invictus Games Foundation – 

to provide aspirational challenges for 

62 young people and injured service 

personnel tackling the event for the first 

time. We provided support including bikes, 

equipment and training, as well as 

employability and coaching workshops. 

Over £500,000 was raised as a result of 

fundraising from Prudential rider places 

by our charity partners and our employees.  

We are developing a new Prudential 

RideLondon programme for 2017 in 

partnership with Teach First, which will 

use the event as a focal point to promote 

inclusion and help eradicate educational 

inequality. The programme will have 

national reach, working with more than  

15 schools, with an increased focus on 

well-being and mental health. 

We also have a long-standing commitment 

to financial literacy, with Cha-Ching 

being our flagship financial education 

programme. Launched in Asia in 2011, this 

is a multi-media programme built around a 

series of animated music videos, to help 

children learn the fundamental money 

management concepts of earn, save, spend 

and donate. Since it began, Cha-Ching has 

grown to become one of the top-rated 

children’s television programmes in Asia, 

and as of 2016 was available in 10 languages 

in Asia and accessible to 56.6 million 

households across the continent. We are 

looking to extend the Cha-Ching 

curriculum across schools in Asia as well 

as continuing to develop a smartphone app 

to further encourage parents to engage in 

money matters with their children. We also 

aim to continue expansion of Cha-Ching 

beyond Asia, with further launches in 

Ghana, the US and the UK in 2017 – all with 

the aim of increasing financial literacy.

In our new markets in Africa we have 

committed to provide support for 

academically able but financially 

disadvantaged high school students, 

and to help build capacity for training 

in actuarial sciences at local universities. 

Prudential has worked with a number 

of charities operating in Ghana, Kenya, 

Uganda and Zambia by funding 

educational programmes and projects 

since 2014. These programmes have 

focused on allowing vulnerable children 

in these countries to access quality 

education, through the provision of 

scholarship awards. 


Prudential plc  Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2016 

www.prudential.co.uk

26

As part of our focus on disaster relief and 

recovery, Prudence Foundation continues 

to undertake major emergency relief 

efforts across Asia. In 2016, we provided 

support in Cambodia to emergency 

drought response activities. We demonstrated 

our long-term commitment to the Typhoon 

Haiyan recovery efforts in Bantayan Island in 

the Philippines by sending a team of 

volunteers to continue the building of 126 

new houses for the community. The first 

houses have been completed and families 

have now moved in to begin their new 

lives. In June, around 80 volunteers 

supported the construction of the final 

houses, which are due to be completed 

by the end of May 2017. 

In addition, in September we sent over 

50 regional volunteers to Vietnam to 

support the construction of a new school 

in Quang Binh province. This formed part 

of Prudential Vietnam’s partnership with 

Plan International and the Vietnamese 

government, which are collaborating to 

Supporting our communities

Continued

build new disaster-resilient schools in poor 

regions throughout the country. We also 

continue to be a major supporter of Save 

the Children’s Emergency Fund, and in 

2016 almost 100 allocations from the Fund 

were made to more than 46 countries.

Prudence Foundation also partners 

with CSR Asia to host an annual Disaster 

Preparedness Forum in one selected city in 

Asia. We believe that the private sector has 

an important role to play in strengthening 

community disaster resilience. While there 

is no simple solution, cooperation between 

civil society, government and the 

private sector is key to reducing human 

and economic loss. This forum provides 

a unique platform for dialogue and 

exchange of ideas between government, 

NGO, humanitarian and private sector 

participants. White Papers are then 

published based on key findings and 

learnings which illustrate how cross-sector 

partnerships can effectively improve 

outcomes when the partners share vision, 

values and objectives.

Enhancing disaster preparedness

As part of a mass education initiative in disaster preparedness, in 2014 the Prudence 

Foundation launched Safe Steps, in partnership with National Geographic Channel and 

endorsed by the International Federation of the Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies. 

Safe Steps is a first-of-its-kind pan-Asian public service initiative to enhance disaster 

preparedness and awareness through the dissemination of educational survival tips 

during natural disasters. It is a multi-platform programme including on-air video 

messages, a website and educational collateral that can be shared among communities. 

Core to the programme is a series of short videos that advise people on what they 

should do when disasters strike. Together with on-air television distribution and 

through our partnerships with governments, NGOs and the private sector, Safe Steps 

potentially reaches more than 200 million people every day. 

The Safe Schools programme is a partnership between Prudence Foundation and 

Save the Children in Cambodia, Indonesia, the Philippines, Thailand and Vietnam. 

Safe Schools focuses on placing schools at the heart of building a culture of disaster 

preparedness within communities. This is performed by training students and their 

teachers in key disaster management skills and supporting the organisation of disaster 

simulations and evacuation drills for students and their communities. Since 2013, more 

than 70,000 students and 32,000 adults have participated in the programme.

Case study: Safe Steps 

We have held three Forums to date, in 

Jakarta in 2013, Manila in 2014 and Hanoi 

in 2015, with close to 500 participants, 

representing the various stakeholders. 

The 2016 Forum was delayed following the 

death of the Thai monarch but will be held 

in Bangkok in 2017. The Forum has also 

helped identify and raise the profiles of key 

organisations in Asia involved in advocating 

greater private sector engagement in 

disaster preparedness. For example, 

following on from the Hanoi Forum in 2015, 

Prudential Vietnam has delivered three 

disaster reduction programmes to prevent 

flooding and ensure schoolchildren are 

trained in disaster preparedness skills.


www.prudential.co.uk

Environmental,SocialandGovernanceReport2016  Prudential plc

27

This document may contain ‘forward-looking 

statements’ with respect to certain of Prudential’s 

plans and its goals and expectations relating to its 

future financial condition, performance, results, 

strategy and objectives. Statements that are not 

historical facts, including statements about 

Prudential’s beliefs and expectations and including, 

without limitation, statements containing the words 

‘may’, ‘will’, ‘should’, ‘continue’, ‘aims’, ‘estimates’, 

‘projects’, ‘believes’, ‘intends’, ‘expects’, ‘plans’, ‘seeks’ 

and ‘anticipates’, and words of similar meaning, are 

forward-looking statements. These statements are 

based on plans, estimates and projections as at the 

time they are made, and therefore undue reliance 

should not be placed on them. By their nature, 

all forward-looking statements involve risk and 

uncertainty. A number of important factors could 

cause Prudential’s actual future financial condition 

or performance or other indicated results to differ 

materially from those indicated in any forward-looking 

statement. Such factors include, but are not limited to, 

future market conditions, including fluctuations in 

interest rates and exchange rates, the potential for 

a sustained low-interest rate environment, and the 

performance of financial markets generally; the 

policies and actions of regulatory authorities, 

including, for example, new government initiatives; 

the political, legal and economic effects of the UK’s 

vote to leave the European Union; the impact of 

continuing designation as a Global Systemically 

Important Insurer or ‘G-SII’; the impact of competition, 

economic uncertainty, inflation and deflation; the 

effect on Prudential’s business and results from, in 

particular, mortality and morbidity trends, lapse rates 

and policy renewal rates; the timing, impact and other 

uncertainties of future acquisitions or combinations 

within relevant industries; the impact of changes in 

capital, solvency standards, accounting standards or 

relevant regulatory frameworks, and tax and other 

legislation and regulations in the jurisdictions in which 

Prudential and its affiliates operate; and the impact 

of legal and regulatory actions, investigations and 

disputes. These and other important factors may, for 

example, result in changes to assumptions used for 

determining results of operations or re-estimations 

of reserves for future policy benefits. 

Further discussion of these and other important factors 

that could cause Prudential’s actual future financial 

condition or performance or other indicated results to 

differ, possibly materially, from those anticipated in 

Prudential’s forward-looking statements can be found 

under the ‘Risk factors’ heading in its most recent 

Annual Report and the ‘Risk Factors’ heading of 

Prudential’s most recent annual report on Form 20-F 

filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange 

Commission, as well as under the ‘Risk Factors’ 

heading of any subsequent Prudential Half Year 

Financial Report. Prudential’s most recent Annual 

Report, Form 20-F and any subsequent Half Year 

Financial Report are/will be available on its website at 

www.prudential.co.uk.

Any forward-looking statements contained in this 

document speak only as of the date on which they are 

made. Prudential expressly disclaims any obligation to 

update any of the forward-looking statements 

contained in this document or any other forward-

looking statements it may make, whether as a result of 

future events, new information or otherwise except as 

required pursuant to the UK Prospectus Rules, the UK 

Listing Rules, the UK Disclosure and Transparency 

Rules, the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the SGX-ST listing 

rules or other applicable laws and regulations.

Forward-looking statements 


















Prudential public limited company

Incorporated and registered in  

England and Wales

Registered office

Laurence Pountney Hill

London EC4R 0HH

Registered number 1397169

www.prudential.co.uk

Prudential plc is a holding company, 

subsidiaries of which are authorised 

and regulated, as applicable, by the 

Prudential Regulation Authority and 

the Financial Conduct Authority.

 

