






Purpose and  

responsibility

Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019

HK Stock Code: 2378












Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

prudentialplc.com

Page

Foreword

01

About Prudential

02

About this report

03

Engaging with our shareholders

04

Customers

05

Responsible investment

08

Climate

11

Business integrity

14

People

17

Technology

21

Environment

25

Supporting our communities

28

Contents








prudentialplc.com 

Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

01

We have been delivering on that purpose 

for more than 170 years, through immense 

changes in the world around us and in 

our business. During 2019 we went 

through another historic change when 

we successfully completed the demerger 

of our UK and Europe business, M&amp;G plc. 

Following the demerger, Prudential plc is 

an Asia-led Group focused on capturing 

opportunities in structural growth markets, 

with a global portfolio of businesses meeting 

a large and growing consumer need.

This historic step may have changed 

the shape of our business, but it has not 

changed our long-term commitment to 

delivering the best possible performance 

across all areas of our environmental, 

social and governance activity (ESG). 

Throughout 2019 we continued to 

develop to improve the way we work 

in the interests of all our stakeholders, 

whether they be customers, investors, 

employees, governments, regulators, 

civil society or suppliers.

As well as fulfilling our traditional role 

of providing protection against life’s 

misfortunes, savings opportunities to 

meet family goals, and retirement income, 

we aspire to lead in new areas aligned 

with our purpose. In health, through digital 

innovation we are expanding from our core 

role of protection to helping consumers 

postpone and prevent ill-health. We are 

increasing access to finance, by creating 

new partnerships, distribution and services 

for all segments of the societies we serve. 

We are providing solutions for an ageing 

world, developing services to enable a 

dignified later life. And we are creating 

opportunities for sustainable, long-term 

investment.

We are a signatory to the recommendations 

of the Financial Stability Board’s Task Force 

on Climate-related Financial Disclosures, 

and in this report you can read what we’ve 

been doing as we develop our activity in 

this crucial area. 

This report illustrates how we are fulfilling 

our purpose and ensuring responsible 

behaviour throughout our business. It 

shows how we are working every day to be 

a better and more sustainable business in 

every way, and one that continues, through 

our strong and clear sense of our purpose, 

to have a positive impact.



Foreword

Our purpose at Prudential is to help people de-risk their lives 

and deal with their biggest financial concerns, providing them 

with the freedom to face the future with confidence. We deliver 

economic and social benefits for our customers, our employees 

and the communities in which we work, and we create financial 

benefits for our investors.



Mike Wells

Group Chief Executive


Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

prudentialplc.com

02

Capturing long-term 

structural opportunities

Prudential helps people de-risk their 

lives and deal with their biggest financial 

concerns, providing the freedom to face 

the future with confidence. Through our 

high-quality products, great distribution 

and innovative approach, we deliver value 

and service for our customers. Where 

possible, we invest our customers’ money 

in businesses that support growth and 

strengthen communities. We provide 

access to health care, increase financial 

inclusion and develop solutions for an 

ageing world, and we create opportunities 

for sustainable, long-term investment. 

We deliver economic and social benefits 

for our customers, our employees and the 

communities in which we operate, while 

creating financial benefits and delivering 

growing returns for our investors. 

We recognise that our impacts in all our 

markets go beyond the financial value 

we generate. We meet the needs of our 

stakeholders through a strategy that is 

focused on both our financial operations 

and our wider impact.

Demerger of M&amp;G plc

On 21 October 2019 we completed the 

demerger of M&amp;G plc from the Group. 

The demerger resulted in two separately 

listed companies more closely aligned 

to the interests of both customers 

and shareholders. 

About Prudential

Asia

We are an Asia-led Group focused on 

capturing opportunities in structural 

growth markets. Our Asian markets 

have low life insurance and mutual fund 

penetration, a significant health and 

protection gap and increasing consumer 

affluence. We are serving the protection, 

savings and investment needs of people 

in the region, helping to reduce the health 

protection gap and innovating through 

end-to-end digitisation to extend our 

scale and what we can do for customers.

United States

In the US we provide asset accumulation 

and retirement income products. The US 

has a rising retirement-age population, 

large and growing retirement asset pools 

and increasing demand for guaranteed 

income. Our US business, Jackson, is a 

leader in the world’s largest retirement 

market, with a strong record of product 

innovation, exceptional distribution 

relationships and trust.

Africa

We are offering products to new customers 

in Africa, one of the fastest-growing 

regions in the world. We are now bringing 

our value-added insurance solutions 

to customers in eight countries in this 

dynamic region, which together have 

a total population of almost 400 million.


prudentialplc.com 

Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

03

This report provides a summary of 

Prudential plc’s ESG performance. 

The contents meet the ESG ‘comply or 

explain’ requirements under the Rules 

Governing Listing of Securities on the 

Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. 

More information on key topics, such as 

our tax strategy, can be found in our 

regular financial reports and stand-alone 

reports, available on our website.

We aim to disclose our ESG management 

and performance as transparently as 

possible. The Board of Prudential plc 

has approved this report. In 2019 we 

considered and refreshed the material 

ESG issues on which the Group focuses 

to capture changes to the issues on which 

we report. This included identifying 

emerging ESG trends, risks and 

opportunities directly applicable to the 

Group and our stakeholders. The most 

significant resulting issues have been 

included in this report. 

Scope of the report

Information included in this report covers 

our activities in the 2019 calendar year, 

both at Group level and within our 

various operations globally, and does not 

include our joint venture partnerships. 

On 21 October 2019, we completed 

the demerger of our UK and European 

business, M&amp;G plc. In line with the 

approach in our Annual Report and 

Accounts, M&amp;G plc has been treated 

as a discontinued operation. The data 

published in this report therefore covers 

the post-demerger Group, with additional 

data breakdowns provided for: M&amp;G plc 

(up until the point of demerging); and the 

composite Group (up until the point of the 

demerger), unless otherwise indicated. 

The policies referenced in this report 

applied to the M&amp;G plc business for 

the period in which it was part of the 

Prudential Group.

Our approach to ESG 

Prudential plc is committed to being 

a responsible business with a focus on 

ownership, partnership and stewardship, 

helping us to ensure that we leave our 

business and communities in better shape 

than we find them. We recognise that to 

help our customers look to the future with 

confidence, we need to take a long-term 

view on a wide range of issues that affect 

our business and the communities in which 

we operate. To do this, we maintain a 

proactive dialogue with our stakeholders 

– customers, investors, employees, 

communities, regulators and governments 

– to ensure that we are managing these 

issues sustainably and delivering long-term 

value. Further information on how we 

engage with our stakeholders can be 

found on page 4.

How we govern ESG 

The Board approved the establishment of 

our ESG Executive Committee in 2018 to 

lead on how we identify, manage and 

report on material ESG risks and 

opportunities. Our ESG sponsor, our 

Group Director of Communications, was 

nominated as Chair and is supported by 

senior leaders from Group functions across 

financial reporting, risk, governance and 

human resources. There is representation 

from our business units, provided by the 

chief investment officers of our asset 

management businesses (PPM America 

and Eastspring) and the Chief Investment 

Officer of Prudential Corporation Asia. 

Jackson’s General Counsel and Prudential 

Corporation Asia’s Chief Operating Officer 

are also committee members. The ESG 

Executive Committee meets quarterly and 

raises matters to the Nomination &amp; 

Governance Committee as appropriate. 

One of the ESG Executive Committee’s 

principal responsibilities is to oversee the 

Group’s progress towards fulfilling our 

commitment to report against the 

recommendations of the Financial Stability 

Board’s Task Force on Climate-related 

Financial Disclosures (TCFD).

Our Group Governance Manual sets out 

the policies and procedures by which the 

Group operates. For further information 

on our Group-wide policies relating to our 

material ESG issues, refer to the ESG 

summary pages of our 2019 Annual Report.

We make sure that the ESG issues that 

are important to our stakeholders are 

understood and managed. This enables 

the Group to manage risk more effectively 

and better inform key decision-making. 

We strive to meet the expectations of 

our stakeholders in a transparent and fair 

manner, and this is underpinned by our 

comprehensive identification process, 

which enables us to address our material 

ESG issues effectively and constructively.

Content of the report

Our key ESG issues can be categorised into 

the following areas: customers, responsible 

investment, climate, business integrity, 

people, technology, environment and 

supporting our communities. The order in 

which these are presented does not reflect 

any priority. We have continued to evaluate 

which ESG matters are most material to the 

Group, with a focus on those which matter 

most to our stakeholders. In 2019 we 

considered and refreshed the material ESG 

issues on which the Group focuses to 

capture changes to the issues on which we 

report. The most significant resulting issues 

have been included in this report. Our 

material ESG issues also include all 

mandatory ESG reporting requirements 

outlined within the Hong Kong Stock 

Exchange Listing Rules and all ESG general 

disclosures and KPIs in the guidance 

determined to be material. Selected 

indicators are assured by Deloitte LLP and 

Deloitte’s assurance statement can be 

found on the Prudential plc website.

Our material ESG issues correspond to the 

‘Aspects’ within the ESG Reporting Guide 

detailed under the Hong Kong Listing 

Rules. In addition to our material ESG 

issues, we have incorporated the Health 

and Safety aspect within the ‘People’ 

section of our report. The aspect is covered 

in reference to how we provide a safe 

working environment for our employees. 

There were no significant areas of 

non-compliance with relevant laws and 

regulations set out in the Hong Kong Listing 

Rules ESG reporting ‘Aspects’.

About this report


Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

prudentialplc.com

04

Through our engagement we are able 

to understand which ESG issues are 

important to them and how we should 

take on board their perspectives and 

incorporate them into our overall 

management. Feedback that we receive 

from our stakeholders supports how 

we ultimately govern ourselves, through 

policy and procedure. 

We engage with our stakeholders on 

a regular basis to inform the strategic 

decisions we make. Stakeholder 

groups include customers, employees, 

the wider supply chain, civic organisations, 

institutional investors, governments 

and regulators. To reach a broad spectrum 

of stakeholders we use varied channels 

of communication, both through our 

local businesses and through our 

Group functions.

The table below summarises our global 

and local stakeholders, how we engage 

with them and their key interest areas 

in 2019.  

 

Stakeholder group

How does Prudential engage 

with these stakeholders?

Areas of interest raised by these 

stakeholders in 2019

Customers 

(including 

intermediaries)

Contact centre availability, face-to-face 

advice, annual statement despatch, 

dedicated account managers, sales 

support units, business processing 

and servicing, telephone technical 

support teams.

Hold times when calling, service delivery, difficulty in 

getting a new servicing agent, demerger, new business 

processing delays.

Investors

Half and full-year results, ESG report, 

annual report, investor briefings, 

AGM, Executive and Non-executive 

Directors’ programme of meetings 

with investors, website. 

Post-demerger strategy, Board composition, 

succession planning, financial performance, integration 

of ESG within Group strategy and governance, 

customers, diversity and inclusion, cyber security 

and data privacy responsible investment, climate-risk 

and implementation of TCFD, sustainable 

development agenda. 

Employees

(including contractors, 

potential recruits, 

agents and trade 

unions) 

Non-executive Directors responsible 

for workforce engagement, away days, 

team meetings, performance appraisals, 

intranets, training programmes.

Diversity and inclusion, training opportunities, 

succession planning, impact of demerger and 

change programmes.

Governments 

(including central 

banks, stock 

exchanges and 

global policy bodies)

Meetings, partnering on initiatives and/or 

speaking at public and private events, 

memberships, input into policy forums.

Prudential as a local, responsible business, including 

how we create jobs and build capacity across the 

economy, taxes, transparency, governance, 

financial inclusion, life insurance penetration, health 

and wellness, long-term savings and investment, 

responsible financial services, digital services and 

data protection, sustainable finance. 

Regulators 

Regular meetings, responses to information 

requests and consultation papers.

Global and national perspectives on standard-setting, 

sustainable finance, international capital standards, 

demerger, governance and individual accountability, 

conduct standards, customer protection, financial 

inclusion, long-term savings and investment, climate-

related risk, digital services and data protection.

Civil society 

Meetings, ad-hoc requests for support, 

responses to campaigns, surveys. 

Inclusion, education, disaster relief, safeguarding, 

low-carbon transition, living wage, demographic 

challenges, health and wellness, climate-related risk, 

tax transparency.

Suppliers 

Pre-sourcing assessments, contract 

negotiations, monthly supplier meetings and 

quarterly performance review meetings.

Data protection, demerger, prompt payment and 

pricing, anti-bribery and corruption, human rights, 

modern slavery, health and safety.

Engaging with our stakeholders

We recognise that our stakeholders are central to how we 

operate as a business and we are committed to engaging 

with our stakeholders on all of our material ESG issues.


prudentialplc.com 

Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

05

Our relationships with our customers are at the heart of our 

business. We deliver products that meet their needs and help 

them to de-risk their lives, and we ensure that we treat them 

with the highest standards of care. We are continually 

innovating to find new ways to improve the products we 

deliver, how we deliver them and how we serve our customers.

Customers

Our customer commitments

Helping customers achieve their long-term 

financial needs through our products and 

services lies at the heart of our business 

strategy. Our Customer Commitments 

Policy applies to all members of the 

Prudential Group that deal directly or 

indirectly with customers. These are: 

1  Treat customers fairly, openly 

and honestly

2  Provide and promote a range of 

products and services that meet 

customer needs, are clearly 

explained and deliver real value 

3  Maintain the confidentiality 

of our customer information 

4  Provide and promote high 

standards of customer service 

5  Act fairly to address customer 

complaints and any errors.

Unveiling our customer-first 

brand commitment in Asia 

In 2019 Prudential Corporation Asia 

launched its new brand commitment, 

‘Listening. Understanding. Delivering.’ 

The commitment reinforces our focus 

on human connections, simplicity 

and innovation for our customers. 

The commitment is about:

 

— Focusing on customers, anticipating 

their needs and enhancing their 

experience with easy access to 

information and services;

 

— Delivering comprehensive solutions 

for protection, health and wellness, 

savings and retirement; and

 

— Capturing innovation with 

a human touch.

In line with our commitment to help 

protect our customers’ health, we have 

continued our efforts to create best-in-

class health capabilities by offering more 

comprehensive and flexible coverage 

and a wider range of value-added services. 

Across Asia, consumers, healthcare 

providers, insurers and governments are 

confronted with problems such as a rising, 

underinsured middle class and a growing 

ageing population. As lifestyles in Asia 

have changed and income levels have 

risen, there has been a rise in 

non-communicable diseases such as 

diabetes. This has led to a growing demand 

for healthcare for more complex conditions, 

many of which require long-term treatment 

or management. Our digital health tools 

aim to empower the broader consumer 

group to take control of their personal 

health and wellbeing anytime and 

anywhere. More information is available 

in the Technology section on page 21. 

We also offer a wide range of insurance 

products that are tailored to local 

market requirements and fast-changing 

individual needs:

 

— Prudential Malaysia’s PRUMy Critical 

Care provides comprehensive financial 

protection against 160 critical illnesses, 

making it the broadest coverage 

in Malaysia. The policy covers 

policyholders up to age 100 for early, 

intermediate and late-stage conditions 

and allows multiple claims on early to 

late-stage conditions up to a total of four 

times the sum assured. The plan pays 

an additional 20 per cent of the sum 

assured for diabetic and joint-related 

conditions. PRUMy Critical Care also 

provides protection in the event of 

a re-diagnosis for three of the most 

prevalent diseases – cancer, heart 

attack and stroke – even after a claim 

has been made.


Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

prudentialplc.com

06



 

— Prudential Hong Kong became the 

first insurer in Hong Kong to provide 

cancer protection to cancer survivors, 

with PRUHealth Cancer ReCover. It is a 

first-in-market cancer protection plan 

tailored for cancer survivors. 

 

— Prudential Indonesia’s PRUPrime 

Healthcare Plus and PRUPrime 

Healthcare Plus Syariah are the first 

health insurance products in the market 

that offer the most comprehensive 

and flexible hospital room and medical 

coverage options, as well as a protection 

period of up to 99 years of age. 

Customers can add this health insurance 

to their existing unit-linked basic policy.

 

— Prudential Vietnam has launched 

two new universal life products, 

PRU-SafePlus and PRU-FlexiProtect. 

The new solutions combine savings 

benefits and protection into one, 

empowering customers to design a 

holistic financial protection plan against 

unexpected risks. According to a 

Prudential Vietnam-sponsored study on 

the life insurance industry in 2018, while 

people in Vietnam believe unexpected 

accidents and illnesses will have the 

biggest impact on them financially, 

only one-sixth are financially prepared 

to cope with a possible crisis. 

Financial security in the US

In the US, for those nearing the end of 

their working careers, a financially secure 

retirement is at risk due to insufficient 

accumulation of savings and the current 

combination of low yields and market 

volatility. Through our distribution 

partners, Jackson provides products that 

offer Americans the retirement strategies 

they need. In June 2019, Jackson launched 

RateProtector, a single-premium, 

multi-year guarantee fixed annuity. 

RateProtector offers consumers the 

opportunity to protect and grow their 

assets through guaranteed interest rates 

that will not fluctuate during a select 

period, combined with the ability to 

defer taxes on any earnings until money 

is withdrawn.

Jackson seeks to develop retirement 

solutions that meet customer needs, 

while striving to communicate 

information about those products in a fair 

and transparent way. In the US, Jackson 

continues to be a leader in shifting 

perspectives and simplifying the language 

around financial products. In 2018, Jackson 

led the creation of a ground-breaking, 

industry-wide coalition seeking to help 

mitigate America’s looming retirement 

crises, the Alliance for Lifetime Income. 

The Alliance is a significant step forward 

in Jackson’s ongoing commitment to 

educating Americans about the importance 

of lifetime income in retirement planning. 

The Alliance has achieved great success 

in raising awareness among consumers, 

financial professionals and others about 

the importance of protected lifetime 

income. The Alliance has done this through 

a national campaign leveraging TV, radio, 

print, digital and event sponsorship. 

Jackson has led the charge in this space, 

first as a co-founder of the Alliance, and 

then as a co-chair of the Alliance board 

of directors.

Expanding our distribution 

In July, we completed our acquisition 

of a majority stake in Group Beneficial, 

a leading life insurer operating in West and 

Central Africa. Group Beneficial provides 

savings and protection products to over 

300,000 customers. The acquisition 

enhances our growth in Africa, enabling us 

to enter into Cameroon, Côte d’Ivoire and 

Togo, which have a combined population 

of over 65 million.

In Asia, we renewed our regional strategic 

bancassurance alliance with United 

Overseas Bank (UOB). The new agreement 

increases the geographical scope of the 

alliance across Singapore, Malaysia, 

Thailand and Indonesia to include Vietnam. 

Through this partnership, our life insurance 

products will be distributed through UOB’s 

extensive network, providing solutions for 

Asia’s increasing number of mobile-first 

and mobile-only consumers. 

Customers continued





Ready for 100: Helping to prepare 

Singaporeans for longer lives

Prudential Singapore’s ‘Ready for 100’ 

study, researched and written by The 

Economist Intelligence Unit, examines 

the opportunities and challenges that 

lie ahead for Singapore’s residents, 

employers, healthcare practitioners 

and policymakers as people live longer. 

Singapore currently has the highest life 

expectancy in the world, yet 55 per cent 

of Singaporean residents surveyed for 

the report said they were not ready to 

live to 100 years of age from a financial 

or health perspective. Residents who 

were interviewed said they would want 

their companies to provide greater 

financial benefits, such as medical 

insurance, to support them in their 

extended careers. To meet the needs 

of the ageing workforce, Prudential 

Singapore has raised the age cap 

for medical insurance coverage for 

employees of its corporate clients and 

its own employees to 100. By providing 

insurance to the age of 100, Prudential 

Singapore is aiming to help employers 

attract and retain senior talent, and to 

help deliver the government’s vision 

of enabling productive longevity.


prudentialplc.com 

Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

07

Prudential Vietnam signed long-term 

bancassurance agreements with Shinhan 

Bank and PVcomBank in 2019. Through 

these exclusive partnerships, Prudential 

Vietnam’s comprehensive financial 

protection products will be available to 

its customers nationwide, providing 

convenient one-stop financial services 

covering protection and savings needs. 

The partnerships expand the 

bancassurance partner network of 

Prudential Vietnam, taking our total 

number of partner banks in the country 

to seven domestic and foreign banks. 

Treating customers fairly

Product design, the quality of product 

marketing materials and communications 

with customers, and the value that 

products are likely to bring to customers 

are given utmost consideration in our 

businesses. Although many of the financial 

needs and objectives of our customers 

are simple, the products we design may 

be complex from a customer’s perspective. 

This complexity may make it difficult for 

a customer to understand the costs and 

value of the product, and how best to utilise 

the products to avoid poor outcomes. 

We seek to ensure that the documents 

that we provide to our customers, from 

point-of-sale materials to policy contract 

terms and conditions, are fair, transparent 

and not misleading, and in compliance 

with local regulatory standards.

All of our businesses are required to 

comply with their local regulatory 

requirements and meet our Group-wide 

policies and standards, including our 

Group Code of Business Conduct and 

our Customer Commitments Policy, 

which covers the fair treatment of 

customers. Compliance is achieved 

through the training of intermediaries 

and the embedding of controls, including 

customer financial needs analysis and risk 

appetite profiling, to ensure the suitability 

of product sales. We are increasingly using 

technology, particularly electronic 

point-of-sales tools and e-submissions, 

to control the sales process and provide 

sufficient consumer safeguards. 

Compliance monitoring is performed 

across the customer and product lifecycle, 

and disciplinary frameworks reinforce 

compliance through actions up to and 

including termination. In Asia, tied agents 

are core to our multi-distribution platform 

and we provide training for them at every 

stage of their career with us. 

We have created a culture whereby agents 

aspire to attain membership of the ‘MDRT’, 

an industry-recognised indicator of 

capability, and place great emphasis on 

agent professionalism. To support this we 

promote career progression by providing 

tailored training programmes that share 

experience and best practice across 

different markets and by upgrading the 

tools used by our agents to facilitate sales. 

The distribution partners that we work 

with, including bank partners and brokers, 

are subject to due diligence, including 

independent compliance review.

Customer service and 

addressing complaints 

We are committed to offering our 

customers the highest standards of 

professional care and service. We take our 

commitment seriously when training our 

personnel, who deliver service consistent 

with our values. 

Where customers have cause to complain 

to us, we have documented procedures in 

place to manage complaints received 

through multiple touchpoints, in a timely, 

robust and professional manner and in 

accordance with our Customer 

Commitments Policy and local regulatory 

requirements. Business units conduct 

analysis of complaints to understand their 

underlying causes, with the aim of reducing 

the overall number of complaints, and 

perform ongoing monitoring to identify 

issues that could lead to customer 

detriment and take prompt action to 

address any errors.

Industry awards

 

— In Asia, Prudential Hong Kong won 

‘Insurance Company of the Year’ at the 

Bloomberg BusinessWeek Financial 

Institution Awards 2019 for the fifth 

consecutive year. As well as the top 

award, Prudential Hong Kong was 

awarded a total of eight honours, 

including the ‘Excellence Award’ in 

critical illness protection, customer 

services and digital innovation. 

 

— Prudential Malaysia was the sole 

insurance company to win the Silver 

award in the Banking, Investment &amp; 

Insurance category at the 2019 Putra 

Brand Awards. This award has reflected 

customers’ trust in the Prudential brand, 

highlighting our history of growth 

and innovation through 95 years in 

Malaysia. We also received double 

honours at the 2019 Reader’s Digest 

Trusted Brand Awards, including a 

Gold Award for Life Insurance and 

Health Card categories. This is the 

12th consecutive year in which our 

business in Malaysia has been 

recognised as the Gold Award winner 

in the Life Insurance category. 

 

— Prudential Thailand won five awards 

at the Best Thailand Contact Centre 

Awards 2019, highlighting its dedication 

and ongoing commitment to enhancing 

the level of service it provides its 

customers, including the best possible 

insurance care and service experience. 

 

— Prudential Vietnam won three 

awards at the Insurance Asia Awards for 

its digital products. The awards scheme 

honours insurance companies in Asia 

that pioneer ground-breaking initiatives 

that bring changes to the industry.

 

— In the US, Jackson was awarded 

SQM’s (Service Quality Management 

Group, Inc.) top honour — Contact 

Centre of the Year — for earning the 

highest combined ratings for customer 

and employee experience among a field 

of leading call centres from across North 

America. Jackson was also honoured 

with three additional awards including 

‘Contact Centre World Class CX 

Certification’ and ‘Highest Customer 

Service — Financial Industry.’ 

 

— At the 2019 APEX Awards for 

Publication Excellence, Jackson 

received eight awards, including for 

its Digital Advisor Success Hub and 

Financial Freedom Studio website. 


Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

prudentialplc.com

08

Responsible investment landscape

As a life and health insurer and long-term 

investor, we believe that the quality of 

corporate governance practices, and how 

companies manage the environmental and 

social aspects of their operations, can be 

material to delivering superior financial 

returns and longer-term shareholder value. 

Responsible investment at Prudential 

involves incorporating ESG factors into our 

investment decisions, alongside traditional 

financial analysis, to better manage risk 

and generate sustainable, long-term 

returns for our customers. As an active 

asset owner and manager with a long-term 

bias, we embrace sustainable investment 

strategies to help individuals and 

institutions build a financially sound 

future, while playing a positive role in the 

development of capital markets and 

encouraging strong corporate governance 

in the markets in which we operate.

Across the Group’s footprint, the policy 

and regulatory landscape continues to 

evolve with respect to sustainable finance 

and ESG. Specifically, the Hong Kong 

Monetary Authority has launched three 

measures to support the development of 

green finance, including a framework for 

green and sustainable finance, promoting 

responsible investments and setting up 

a centre for green finance. We continue 

to engage with policymakers in the 

jurisdictions in which we operate and also 

actively participate in global initiatives such 

as the Insurance Working Group of the 

Institute of International Finance. 

Among policymakers, we continue to see 

increasing focus on the need to develop 

a view of the exposure of the insurance 

sector to climate-related financial risk. 

The Task Force on Climate-related Financial 

Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations 

were released in 2017 to provide a 

framework for companies to develop 

voluntary, climate-related financial risk 

disclosures. Following Board discussion, 

Prudential plc became a signatory to the 

recommendations in 2018 in order to meet 

the growing expectations of our investors 

and regulators, and to support the 

ambitions of our business units in the local 

markets in which they operate. Our Climate 

section on page 11 includes further details 

on our work towards implementing the 

TCFD recommendations. 

Strengthening our governance 

of responsible investment

In late 2018 we established our 

ESG Executive Committee, which was 

tasked with leading on how we identify, 

manage and report on material ESG risks, 

including those incorporated in our 

investment activities. Following the 

successful completion of the demerger 

of M&amp;G plc in late 2019, we took the 

opportunity to further integrate our 

responsible investment activities within 

the ESG Executive Committee by 

extending membership of the Committee 

to the chief investment officers of our 

asset owner businesses. 

Our Group-wide Responsible Investment 

Framework (GRIF) is designed to draw 

together the ESG-related approaches 

of our asset management businesses 

(Eastspring in Asia and PPM America 

in the US) and our asset owner insurance 

businesses (Prudential Corporation Asia 

in Asia and Jackson in the US). Oversight of 

the GRIF was previously the responsibility 

of our Group-wide Responsible Investment 

Advisory Committee (GRIAC). Merging the 

GRIAC into the ESG Executive Committee 

has enabled us to continue to develop a fully 

integrated approach to ESG that spans our 

investment, underwriting and operational 

activities. Consequently, the ESG Executive 

Committee now maintains our Group-wide 

Responsible Investment Standards, 

which are based upon our Group Code 

of Business Conduct and set minimum 

requirements for each of our business 

units. These Group-level standards 

require all of our businesses to develop 

and maintain their own local responsible 

investment policies, which capture their 

own approaches to responsible investment 

and are appropriate to the jurisdictions in 

which they operate. The strength of the 

commitment of our asset management 

businesses to responsible investment 

and helping to build a sustainable financial 

system can be demonstrated by the fact 

that they are both signatories to the 

United Nations-supported Principles for 

Responsible Investment (Eastspring since 

February 2018 and PPM America since 

October 2018).

As a life insurer, asset owner and manager, we are long-term 

stewards of our customers’ assets. We have a responsibility 

to our customers, the communities in which we operate and 

the environment, to apply ESG considerations in our investment 

decisions and our fiduciary and stewardship duties.

Responsible 

investment


prudentialplc.com 

Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

09

ESG integration in the 

investment process

Integrating ESG analysis into our 

investment processes is an ongoing activity 

that will continue to progress over time as 

the characteristics of each asset class and 

each of our investment strategies evolve. 

When making investment decisions, PPM 

America and Eastspring’s Singapore-based 

equity team look to identify all material 

risks to sustainable earnings for a company. 

ESG issues are incorporated into our 

fundamental analysis and integrated into 

our decision-making process when we 

believe they could have a material impact 

on a company’s valuation and financial 

performance. This analysis incorporates 

the governance of a company, as well as 

its social and environmental impact, 

including any plans or strategies to improve 

environmental performance and resilience, 

in our assessment of the drivers of 

longer-term returns. 

We believe that there is no universal 

approach to responsible investment and 

we recognise that sustainable investing 

requires a patient approach and an 

understanding that changes in corporate 

behaviour can support shareholder value 

over time. We firmly believe that 

companies that adopt sustainable business 

practices are more likely to deliver superior 

shareholder value in the long term and, 

where appropriate, we encourage ongoing 

improvement through an ongoing and 

collaborative dialogue. We seek to gain 

a deep understanding of the medium to 

longer-term sustainable earnings 

potential of a company by applying 

detailed fundamental analysis, and we 

invest significant effort into conducting 

thorough due diligence on both financial 

and non-financial aspects of a company. 

We do not screen out companies solely 

on the basis of perceived ESG issues, 

choosing instead to actively engage with 

the companies to determine how the issues 

are being addressed and influence them 

as appropriate. While the approach does 

not necessarily prohibit purchasing or 

holding a position due to an ESG issue, 

consideration of these issues informs our 

financial assessments of potential and 

existing investee companies. 

Within Eastspring, all investment 

professionals are responsible for 

incorporating all factors deemed to impact 

the investment decision-making process, 

and are equipped with a combination of 

third-party and bespoke tools developed 

internally in partnership with digital teams. 

The equity and fixed income investment 

teams at Eastspring aim to encourage 

business and management practices that 

support sustainable financial performance 

through constructive engagement based 

on in-depth knowledge of the companies 

and their business environment. 

Investment professionals may engage 

with company management on a variety of 

issues, including ESG matters, that present 

a potential material risk to a company’s 

financial performance. Eastspring also 

participates in collaborative engagement 

initiatives where we believe it to be in 

clients’ best interests to do so. 

Similarly, at PPM America, ESG analysis 

is embedded into the decision-making 

processes, so that investment professionals 

can assess and evaluate potential ESG 

risks. For example, credit analysts include 

a summary of ESG information and ratings 

in the materials that are presented for 

discussion to each relevant credit 

committee. Direct engagement with 

management is an important part of PPM 

America’s research process, whereby 

investment professionals seek opportunities 

for in-person discussions with company 

leadership, join investor phone calls and 

attend conferences. PPM America sees 

these opportunities as both a chance to 

listen and learn directly from company 

management and as a chance to ask 

questions and provide feedback. In these 

interactions, investment professionals may 

look to address any potentially material 

issues to clients’ investments, including 

those related to ESG.

Eastspring: considering ESG factors  

in equity investment analysis

During late 2018 and 2019, Eastspring 

identified rising governance risks 

associated with the management 

control of a manufacturing business in 

Japan. Eastspring’s active engagement 

with the business throughout this 

period was aimed at understanding 

the potential changes in the corporate 

governance structure and practices, 

specifically with respect to the likely 

ongoing influence of the founding 

family and the potential for a truly 

independent board structure. 

In line with the concerns of some other 

shareholders, Eastspring sought an 

explanation for the removal of the 

then CEO. It had become apparent 

that there were irregularities relating to 

the circumstances and process leading to 

the decision. During the period between 

January and May 2019, Eastspring 

engaged with the company’s Investor 

Relations and ex-CEO, as well as another 

board director, to gain an understanding 

of the circumstances leading to the 

removal. Eastspring also participated 

in a call to discuss the findings of an

investigation by third-party lawyers 

into the appropriateness of proceedings 

related to the ex-CEO’s dismissal. 

Eastspring’s detailed engagement 

activities assisted in differentiating its 

position from the proxy adviser 

recommendations for the shareholder 

proposal and allowed Eastspring to 

make well informed proxy votes for all 

Board nominations at the annual general 

meeting. Eastspring’s votes were 

independent of both the company and 

proxy adviser recommendations for 

board composition.


Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

prudentialplc.com

10

Responsible investment continued

ESG integration – 2019 highlights

In 2019, both PPM America and Eastspring 

made progress in enhancing the integration 

of ESG factors into their respective 

investment processes.

Since implementing its Responsible 

Investment Policy in 2018, PPM America 

has continued to integrate ESG information 

in its processes, wherever possible, so that 

its investment professionals can assess and 

evaluate potential ESG risks. To facilitate 

this, internal training took place through 

2019 to continue helping employees 

understand how to integrate ESG factors 

into the investment process. Recently the 

focus has been on integrating third-party 

ESG information on each investee company 

directly into the proprietary credit 

research portal for use by fixed-income 

portfolio managers and credit analysts. 

Other initiatives include implementing 

a formalised system to record and map 

the discussion of ESG topics at company 

meetings in which fixed-income and public 

equity research analysts participate, 

and tracking additional data points for 

commercial mortgage loans and the credit 

risks posed to sovereign debt.

During 2019, the fixed income team at 

Eastspring Singapore built on its ESG 

approach and launched its first investment 

strategy focusing on sustainable bonds. 

For Eastspring Singapore’s fixed income 

team, assessment and monitoring of ESG 

factors are an integral part of bottom-up 

credit research process. ESG issues are 

incorporated in the fundamental analysis of 

individual companies to assess their impact 

on an issuer’s financial performance, its risk 

of default, and the valuation of the bonds 

it issues. This process involves an 

assessment of the quality of corporate 

governance, as well as material 

environmental and social issues that could 

have an impact on a business’s day-to-day 

operation, financial performance, and 

subsequently the ability to pay back its 

obligations. Eastspring Singapore’s fixed 

income team has been participating in 

external ESG seminars, training and 

forums, as well as engaging with rating 

agencies, data providers and banks 

to understand their ESG scoring 

methodologies and to provide feedback. 

Eastspring Singapore has also been 

building its industry presence through 

participation in ESG-related committees 

and panels and establishing networks 

with supranational green bond issuers, 

financiers and regulators.

Capacity building, industry 

engagement, memberships 

and collaborative bodies

During 2019, Eastspring continued to 

engage with industry participants to 

promote awareness and understanding 

of responsible investment across Asia, 

organising a number of workshops in 

Asia to continue to help improve the 

understanding of climate-related risks 

across the region. These were jointly held 

in partnership with organisations including 

the Asia Investor Group on Climate Change 

(AIGCC), the World Wildlife Fund and ISS 

Climate. A broad range of topics were 

covered, from climate change and financial 

disclosure to ESG integration and active 

ownership. Eastspring Singapore also 

participated in roundtables organised by its 

local regulator, the Monetary Authority of 

Singapore (MAS), to help raise awareness 

of climate risk in the region and promote 

the integration of ESG frameworks in 

investment strategies. Similarly, Prudential 

Singapore engaged with its local 

regulators, the Life Insurance Association 

Singapore and MAS, to discuss its 

approach to climate change risk as an 

Asian asset owner (see case study on 

page 11).

Eastspring is an active member of the 

AIGCC, which aims to create awareness 

among Asia’s asset owners and financial 

institutions about the risks and 

opportunities associated with climate 

change and low-carbon investing. In 2019, 

Eastspring became a member of the 

Climate Bonds Initiative, which is an 

international organisation working solely 

to mobilise the US$100 trillion bond market 

for climate change solutions. 

Eastspring continued to participate in 

industry roundtable discussions throughout 

2019 and was a Sustainable Finance panel 

member at Euromoney’s Asia Sustainable 

&amp; Responsible Capital Markets Forum in 

June. In April, Eastspring Singapore also 

hosted a Bloomberg Buy-side Women’s 

Network on Responsible Investment and 

ESG Integration. Both Eastspring and 

Prudential Corporation Asia are members 

of the Asian Corporate Governance 

Association (ACGA), and during 2019 

Eastspring contributed to a number 

of ACGA white papers on corporate 

governance in the China and Japan 

equity markets. Eastspring Indonesia 

also engaged with the ACGA regarding 

strategies related to improved corporate 

governance practices in relation to 

proxy voting. 

PPM: considering ESG factors  

in investment analysis

During the course of underwriting a 

potential investment in a large, global 

snack manufacturer, PPM America’s 

analysts highlighted a potential material 

environmental and social risk related 

to labour standards in West Africa and 

potentially unsustainable sourcing 

practices for one of the company’s key 

raw materials. Following a discussion 

at the credit approval committee, 

additional diligence was conducted 

on the issue. The analyst identified that 

the company had implemented several  

environmentally and socially focused 

programmes designed to improve oversight 

of its suppliers’ environmental practices, 

including an environmental scorecard for 

its packaging suppliers and a pledge to 

source 100 per cent of its primary raw 

materials from certified sustainable sources 

by 2020. Additionally, through industry 

associations and its own programmes, the 

company is taking steps to combat child 

labour and improve gender equality.

Considering all factors related to 

the risk and return of the company, 

including the steps the company is 

taking to address the environmental 

and social issues described above, 

PPM America issued an internal rating 

and a relative value recommendation. 

As part of the continuous re-evaluation 

of the company’s fundamentals, 

PPM America’s analysts will continue 

to monitor the company’s progress 

towards these sustainability 

commitments.


prudentialplc.com 

Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

11

In 2018, following Board discussion, 

Prudential became a supporter of the 

recommendations of the Financial Stability 

Board’s Task Force on Climate-related 

Financial Disclosures (TCFD). This reflects 

both the growing expectations of our 

external stakeholders and colleagues, 

and the ambition among our businesses 

to develop their capabilities to pursue 

products and services aligned to the 

global need to address the impacts of 

climate change. 

We are committed to developing a more 

granular understanding of the diverse risks 

we face and to working collaboratively with 

governments, peers and business partners 

to identify opportunities at scale for our 

businesses. During 2019, we focused on 

enhancing access to ESG and climate risk 

data sources and the carbon footprinting 

of sample Asian investment portfolios. 

During 2020, our priorities are to 

determine the Group’s exposure to 

carbon-intensive sectors and companies, 

to extend carbon footprinting across the 

Group’s investment book and to refine 

the initial stress testing of the investment 

book for climate-related scenarios.

Governance

Our ESG Executive Committee, 

established in 2018, is focused on the 

holistic assessment of ESG matters material 

to the Group, raising matters to the 

Nomination &amp; Governance Committee 

as appropriate. One of the ESG Executive 

Committee’s principal responsibilities is 

to oversee the Group’s progress towards 

fulfilling our commitment to report against 

the TCFD recommendations. This involves 

oversight of our Group-wide efforts 

to assess the climate-related risks and 

opportunities facing our businesses, 

and to subsequently identify and deliver 

the supporting implementation activities. 

We recognise that climate change presents long‑term 

risks to the sustainability of our business, as well as a 

range of opportunities associated with the transition 

to a low‑carbon economy. 

Climate

Prudential Singapore: Supporting the development  

of sustainable finance in Asia 

The Monetary Authority of Singapore 

(MAS) has signalled its commitment 

to promote sustainable practices 

by encouraging financial institutions 

to adopt ESG best practices and 

encourage the development of the 

green bond market. As of June 2019, 

S$6 billion worth of green bonds have 

been issued in Singapore. In the same 

year, MAS announced the launch of 

a US$2 billion (S$2.7 billion) Green 

Investments Programme to promote 

environmentally sustainable projects 

to mitigate climate change risks in 

Singapore and the region.

We are highly supportive of the 

government’s efforts to grow the 

sustainable finance sector in Singapore 

and are an active industry contributor, 

working closely with the regulator to 

advance this aim. In 2019, Prudential 

Singapore joined the Sustainable Insurance 

Taskforce, led by MAS together with the 

Life Insurance Association Singapore, 

General Insurance Association and 

Singapore Reinsurers’ Association to 

drive the development of sustainable 

insurance guidelines. These guidelines 

are expected to be finalised in 2020.

Prudential Singapore recognises 

its responsibility to customers and 

stakeholders to effectively integrate 

ESG considerations into investment 

decisions and fiduciary duties. It has 

invested S$25 million in the Asia 

Sustainable Bond Fund, which covers a 

range of green, social and sustainability 

bonds and other debt securities which 

are aligned to ESG principles. In 2020, 

Prudential Singapore will scale its 

investments and aims to invest at least 

S$200 million of its assets under 

management in ESG product offerings.


Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

prudentialplc.com

12

Climate continued

Following the successful completion of the 

demerger of M&amp;G plc in late 2019, we took 

the opportunity to increase Committee 

representation from our businesses in Asia. 

We also took steps to further integrate our 

responsible investment activities within the 

ESG Executive Committee by extending 

participation on the Committee to the chief 

investment officers of our asset owner 

businesses, reflecting the increasing 

importance of our investment activities 

within the development of our overall ESG 

strategies. Committee members include: 

the chief investment officers of our asset 

management businesses (PPM America 

and Eastspring),the Chief Investment 

Officer of Prudential Corporation Asia, 

Jackson’s General Counsel, Prudential 

Corporation Asia’s Chief Operating Officer, 

and representatives from Group functions. 

The ESG Executive Committee meets 

quarterly and is required to report to the 

Board at least twice each year, with 

additional ad hoc reporting provided as 

necessary. The ESG Executive Committee 

reports to the Board through the Group 

Nomination &amp; Governance Committee, 

which comprises the Group’s Chairman, 

the Senior Independent Director, and the 

chairs of the Audit, Remuneration and Risk 

Committees, and is regularly attended by 

the Group Chief Executive. 

Strategy

Our purpose is to remove financial risk 

from life’s big events, helping people plan 

for the future with confidence. We provide 

our customers with long-term savings 

and protection products and, as stewards 

of our customers’ capital, we invest 

responsibly to create long-term value 

for our customers, shareholders and the 

communities where we operate. 

As an asset owner and asset manager, 

we rely on investment returns to fulfil the 

longer-term obligations of our saving, 

annuity and health and protection 

liabilities. We recognise that in the 

transition to a low-carbon economy, there 

may be a disorderly adjustment to the value 

of the assets that we hold, arising from 

regulatory and technological change. The 

physical impacts of climate change, such as 

rising temperatures, rising sea levels and 

increased occurrence of extreme weather 

events, may also impact the value of the 

Group’s assets. Such physical risks may 

also cause disruption to our customers, 

employees and property portfolio. 

We also recognise that climate-related 

opportunities can support the delivery 

of the Group’s strategy. For example, 

Eastspring is a member of the Sustainable 

Development Investment Partnership 

initiative, coordinated by the World 

Economic Forum with support from the 

OECD, working with others to scale the 

use of finance in sustainable infrastructure 

investments in emerging and developing 

countries. Since 2016, our US asset 

manager’s approach to ESG integration 

was a key factor in the sale of US$55 million 

of utilities credits that generate electricity 

primarily by coal, and the purchase of 

US$105 million of single-asset project 

bonds that generate 100 per cent of their 

electricity through renewables. 







Dengue outbreak predictor

Mosquito-borne diseases remain a 

major cause of mortality and dengue 

fever is responsible for an increasing 

disease burden. There are currently 

few licensed vaccines and no specific 

therapeutics available for dengue. 

Malaysia in particular is hit hard by the 

two annual dengue seasons and there 

is recognition that climate change may 

be driving an increase in cases of 

dengue fever. Pulse by Prudential, our 

end-to-end digital health app, features 

a dengue outbreak prediction platform 

that uses big data and artificial 

intelligence to predict whether a 

location will be hit by an outbreak 

three months before it happens. It also 

indicates the current trend of dengue 

cases and outbreaks as reported by 

the authorities. Users will be alerted 

and encouraged to avoid high-risk areas 

and stay indoors when mosquitoes 

are most active, while taking other 

preventive actions to break the 

mosquito breeding cycle, ultimately 

protecting them by preventing them 

contracting the disease.


prudentialplc.com 

Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

13

As a life insurer, the potential impact 

of climate change on life expectancy 

(mortality risk) and medical health and 

wellbeing (morbidity risk) could impact 

the profitability of our protection and 

health insurance products respectively. 

The long-term impact of climate change 

on the life insurance sector is complex, 

as climate change acts in conjunction with 

other factors, including demographic and 

social change and rapid urbanisation, all of 

which place increased demand on health 

services. As the risks from climate change 

intensify, so will the consequences for 

humanity and the natural environment – 

from disruptions in food, water and energy 

supplies to rising sea levels and increased 

occurrence of extreme weather events.  

In some regions, the negative impacts 

of climate change may have serious 

implications on public health, for example 

increasing the levels of life-threatening 

vector-borne diseases. Against this 

backdrop, there is a need for us to develop 

products and services that help to provide 

protection and support climate change 

adaptation. 

Risk management

As a long-term investor, the Group’s most 

significant exposure to climate-related risk 

is through our role as an asset owner and 

manager, with US$543.9 billion of assets 

under management. Our portfolio is 

exposed both to physical risk and transition 

risk as a result of climate change and we are 

using a range of methodologies to develop 

a more accurate understanding of the 

carbon intensity of our asset book and its 

exposure under a range of climate change 

scenarios. Through this process, we are 

seeking to develop metrics for actionable 

insights, which will help to inform the 

Group’s Responsible Investment Standards 

and to direct our investments in the 

low-carbon economy and reduce our 

exposure to climate risk. 

We have begun to assess the climate 

transition risk exposure of our portfolios 

using a third-party carbon footprinting data 

and software provider. Our Asian asset 

manager, Eastspring, has taken the lead 

across the Group in starting to measure 

and interpret the carbon footprint for listed 

equities in sample portfolios. This tool 

allows us to assess the carbon footprint 

of the portfolio constituents compared 

to historical constituents, the carbon 

efficiency of the portfolio, the exposure 

of a portfolio to fossil fuels, potential 

emissions from fossil fuels, the strength 

of carbon risk management relative to 

industry peers and a portfolio’s exposure 

to clean technology. 

In order to assess our exposure to transition 

and physical risk respectively, we have 

begun to explore the impact of 

temperature increase scenarios, over 

medium and long-term time horizons, on 

our investment portfolios. For this, we are 

using the guidance provided by the UK’s 

insurance regulator, the Prudential 

Regulation Authority and informed by the 

IPCC, as part of the regulator’s August 

2019 stress test exercise. 

As a global business, we recognise the 

need for the Group to understand and 

mitigate the physical risks associated with 

climate change. The location of a significant 

number of our markets increases their 

vulnerability to climate change. Local 

environmental risks, including their 

potential short-and medium-term impacts, 

are tracked and managed by our business 

units, with support from Group Risk 

and Security teams. This includes but 

is not limited to forecasts and reporting, 

business continuity advice and incident 

management planning. We manage the 

physical risk to our operations through 

comprehensive risk assessment during 

the selection of properties, including 

factors such as location, geography and 

weather events. 

Our business units manage morbidity and 

mortality risk by analysing our experience 

from our customers, supplemented by 

industry data and stress testing. We assess 

changes in morbidity and mortality that 

have been observed in the past and 

consider how they may emerge in the 

future. As a life and health insurer, we are 

committed to playing a greater role in 

preventing and postponing illness in order 

to protect our customers. We are investing 

in artificial intelligence technology to 

enable access to affordable and quality 

healthcare and enhancing our digital 

offering to help improve access to finance 

and health protection products. 

We continue to engage with policymakers 

and NGOs on this topic. We also work 

collaboratively with our peers through 

a range of networks, including the CRO 

Forum, the Asian Investor Group on 

Climate Change and ClimateWise. During 

2019, we contributed to a ShareAction/

AODP report entitled ‘Insuring a low-

carbon future’, exploring leading practice 

and common barriers in managing 

climate-related risks and opportunities.

Metrics and targets

We participate in external benchmarks 

that assess our management of climate 

change risks and opportunities. In 2019 

we continued to participate in CDP 

(formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project) 

and maintained our score with a B grading 

(2018: B). We continue to participate in 

ClimateWise, which in 2019 changed 

significantly to align itself with the TCFD 

framework. The Group score, similar to 

other organisations, is down from our 

previous submission (2019: 51, 2018: 78), 

but we remain committed to enhancing 

our climate change disclosures, in line 

with TCFD. Our scoring in CDP and 

ClimateWise is based on the performance 

of the combined Group, including 

M&amp;G plc. We seek to minimise the 

impact of our direct operations on the 

environment. More detail on our 

environmental performance is included 

in the Environment section on page 25 

of this report.


Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

prudentialplc.com

14

Our Code of Conduct

Our governance framework, setting out 

the principles by which we conduct our 

business and ourselves, includes our 

Group Code of Business Conduct, which is 

a central feature of our Group Governance 

Manual. Our Group Code of Business 

Conduct sets outs the ethical standards 

that the Board expects of itself, our 

employees, our agents and others working 

on behalf of the Group. The Group 

Governance Manual consists of a range 

of policies covering all of our business 

units, setting out our principles for good 

governance. We review these policies 

on a regular basis to ensure that we meet 

the expectations of our stakeholders.

Financial strength 

We contribute to financial stability and 

sustainability in all of the markets in which 

we operate. We seek to provide products 

and services that align with important 

global social needs and thereby generate 

sustainable value for stakeholders. Our 

products and services are designed and 

delivered with that purpose clearly in mind. 

Through the combination of our consistent 

strategy, our diversified portfolio of 

businesses and our disciplined execution, 

we have continued to create long-term 

value for customers, shareholders and 

other stakeholders. For detail on our 

financial performance last year, see our 

2019 Annual Report. 

We continue to work in partnership with 

policymakers and regulators. In 2019 we 

remained actively engaged in global 

regulatory policy debates with standard-

setters such as the International 

Association of Insurance Supervisors, 

as well as with industry trade bodies. In 

addition to our international engagement, 

we regularly engage with regulators and 

policymakers in the key markets in which 

we operate to further support 

the development of sound prudential 

and conduct of business regulation. 

To underpin insurance penetration rates, 

protection and savings, we support the 

process of deepening capital markets, 

building robust regulatory and legal 

frameworks and enhancing financial 

literacy in the markets in which we operate, 

which in turn supports economic growth 

and stability.

Responsible tax practices 

The responsible and sustainable 

management of our tax affairs helps us 

to maintain constructive relations with 

our stakeholders and play a positive role 

in the economy. We take a long-term 

perspective and balance our responsibility 

to support our business strategy with 

our responsibility to the communities 

in which we operate. Tax revenues are 

fundamental to sustainable development 

in those communities.

We understand the importance of 

paying the right amount of tax on time. 

We manage our tax affairs transparently 

and seek to build constructive relationships 

with tax authorities in all the countries in 

which we operate. Our Tax Risk Policy 

outlines our processes to identify, measure, 

control and report on risk across four 

categories: technical judgements, 

operations, regulations and reputation.

Our tax strategy is published annually 

and complies with the mandatory 

requirements under the UK 2016 Finance 

Act, focusing on: 

 

— Acting responsibly and taking an 

objective view in all of our tax matters;

 

— Managing tax in line with our Group 

governance and risk management 

procedures; and

 

— Ensuring transparency and engagement 

with all our stakeholders. 

Our tax strategy document includes a 

number of additional disclosures, including 

a breakdown of the types and amount of 

taxes we pay globally, which includes taxes 

borne and collected on employee income, 

for example social security. Furthermore 

we disclose the revenues, profits, average 

employee numbers and taxes on a 

country-by-country basis where more 

than US$5 million tax was paid. Our tax 

strategy also provides more detail on what 

drives our tax payments and demonstrates 

that our tax footprint (ie where we pay 

taxes) remains consistent with our business 

and employee footprint. 

Responsible and ethical behaviour are embedded in our business. 

Our governance framework is clear about our standards of 

behaviour and those standards flow into every part of what 

we do, from our financial performance and tax practices 

to the way we fight financial crime and deal with our suppliers.

Business integrity


prudentialplc.com 

Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

15

In 2019, the total tax contribution 

of Prudential’s businesses was 

US$2,168 million. This figure covers 

Prudential plc entities and does not 

include any tax paid by M&amp;G plc 

pre-demerger. This significant contribution 

plays an important part in helping the 

communities in which we operate to 

provide valuable public services and build 

infrastructure for the benefit of the wider 

community and the economy.

We actively monitor developments in 

the tax transparency agenda and look 

to further develop the disclosure of 

meaningful tax information to help our 

various stakeholders’ understanding of 

our tax footprint. We will be publishing 

our updated tax strategy, which will 

include more information on the tax 

we paid in 2019, how we manage our 

tax affairs and the governance and 

management of tax risk, by 31 May 2020.

Fighting financial crime

We take the fight against money 

laundering, terrorist financing, bribery, 

corruption and fraud seriously and are 

committed to implement and maintain 

industry-leading policies and standards. 

In the majority of our markets we maintain 

business relationships with agents and 

intermediaries, who act on our behalf. 

We provide training to our staff to ensure 

they are familiar with international 

standards and best practice, as well as 

being well equipped to implement our 

policies in their respective markets. 

Our Group-wide financial crime policies 

were updated in 2019 to reflect the 

requirements of our new lead regulator, 

the Hong Kong Insurance Authority. 

As the requirements in Hong Kong are 

similar to those in the UK, policy changes 

were minimal. Our Group Anti-Bribery 

and Corruption Policy provides guidance 

to our diverse businesses on gifts and 

hospitality and how we deal with 

government officials and highlights the 

importance of due diligence when dealing 

with third parties, reflecting themes we 

have identified from recent publicly 

reported cases. 

All of our Group-level financial crime 

policies are cascaded down to local 

business units through regional compliance 

teams, which ensure adherence to the 

Group requirements and applicable laws 

and expectations of local regulators. 

These policies are part of the Group 

governance framework, with business 

units attesting their compliance in addition 

to compliance and internal audit reviews. 

Our policies require business units to 

monitor compliance with Group policies 

and the legal and regulatory framework 

by which we are governed. The Group 

and Regional Compliance teams undertake 

a range of monitoring activities during 

the year to provide assurance that business 

units are complying with Group policies. 

These include quarterly reporting, annual 

risk assessments, compliance monitoring 

reviews and reporting to Board-level 

committees. 

We complete annual risk assessments 

across all of our businesses to assess and 

monitor their risk profile. The residual 

financial crime risk is managed through 

the continuous update and enhancement 

of the control environment and is 

implemented at local level. In 2018 we 

implemented an automated transaction 

monitoring system in Hong Kong and 

Singapore to profile transactions and take 

a risk-based approach to assessing 

customer transactions. We continued the 

implementation work throughout 2019 

in Indonesia and the Philippines, and are 

continuing to do so in 2020 to cover all 

other jurisdictions in Asia. 

We are committed to complying with 

international sanctions requirements and 

continue to monitor international sanctions 

closely and integrate updated lists into 

our regular customer screening process. 

In order to improve the screening process 

we have updated screening solutions at 

our Eastspring and Africa business units. 

The Group Risk Committee continues to 

review the effectiveness of the financial 

crime programme and the Group Financial 

Crime Compliance team regularly updates 

the Committee on risks and controls, and 

on the improvements made to processes 

in the financial crime framework. Any 

material matters on financial crime are 

reported to the Committee.

During 2019, we engaged an external party 

to deliver bespoke anti-bribery and 

corruption (ABC) training to colleagues in 

Asia and Africa in our insurance and asset 

management businesses. The content was 

customised to train colleagues on industry 

best practice and to assist in their 

development needs. It focused on 

third-party due diligence, in-depth risk 

assessment analysis and the 

implementation of our gifts and hospitality 

procedures. The training has resulted in 

an improvement in the quality of risk 

assessments being carried out, with 

additional information about the business 

operations and details of the risk and 

control environment being provided. 

The financial crime teams remain 

committed to professional development 

and regularly participate in conferences 

and seminars in London, Europe, Hong 

Kong and Singapore to build colleagues’ 

skills and knowledge in a specialist area. 

Best practices are cascaded through 

training and communications to ensure our 

colleagues are fully prepared to recognise 

any form of economic crime and take 

adequate steps to fight it. Training 

completion levels are monitored 

throughout the year.

Whistleblowing

Our Group-wide whistleblowing 

procedures apply to all our colleagues 

and are supported by Speak Out, our 

Group-wide whistleblowing programme. 

Speak Out is available both internally and 

externally to staff, contractors, vendors, 

agents, clients and the public, enabling 

reporters to raise concerns in a choice of 

languages through web and hotline 

channels. Reporters are able to log 

concerns covering a range of issues, 

including but not limited to ABC, 

compliance breaches, discrimination 

and harassment and health and safety. 

Concerns are recorded by an independent 

third party and investigated by 

appropriately trained and skilled 

investigators. Qualitative programme 

improvements in 2019 included updates 

to the website, case management system 

upgrades, refreshed staff training and 

enhanced training for line managers. Since 

launching Speak Out in 2016, the number 

of concerns reported has increased by 

nearly 200 per cent. That increase has 

been constant over time, suggesting 

increased confidence in the programme.


Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

prudentialplc.com

16

Business integrity continued

The programme is supported by training, 

communications and awareness material. 

Whistleblowing reporting is overseen 

by the Group Audit Committee through 

quarterly reporting and discussion with 

the Group Resilience Director, with any 

material issues reported to the Board. 

On an annual basis, emerging trends and 

an assessment of the effectiveness of our 

whistleblowing approach are reported 

to the Group Audit Committee and 

Whistleblowing Champion.

Supply chain 

Our Group Code of Business Conduct 

outlines the values and standards that are 

required by each of our suppliers. Our 

Group Third Party Supply Policy is core to 

our supply chain governance and specifies 

our position on supply chain management, 

setting out our approach to due diligence, 

selection criteria, contractual requirements 

and ongoing monitoring of relationships. 

Business units conduct due diligence 

before engaging with and ultimately 

selecting a new supplier. We perform 

regular due diligence, review meetings 

and audits where required, and our policies 

and procedures are supported by regular 

employee training exercises. Our due 

diligence requires our suppliers to pass 

financial stability tests and demonstrate a 

track record of high performance. We also 

review the controls the supplier has to 

prevent data leakage and look for any 

personal data protection issues. Additional 

due diligence is enacted for any problem 

categories where we are exposed to 

potential labour malpractice issues. 

Our Speak Out whistleblowing service 

enables employees to raise any concerns 

they may have in relation to our third-party 

relationships, and our contractors and 

third-party suppliers are also able to use 

this service. 

Our business units are responsible for 

managing third-party supply arrangements 

and are able to adopt further policies as 

they require, to meet localised operating 

conditions. In Asia, vendor governance 

procedures support compliance with 

the Group Third Party Supply Policy and 

ensure appropriate due diligence and risk 

management activities are applied. The 

vendor governance procedures provide 

additional guidance to our business units 

on non-mandatory best practices in 

relation to procurement and vendor 

management activities. Our controls, 

due diligence and compliance to our third 

party risk management frameworks are 

continuously monitored through policy 

attestation processes at a regional level and 

local teams are responsible for applying the 

framework effectively. In 2020 the vendor 

governance procedures will be refreshed, 

with the intent to expand the scope of the 

current policy to cover the governance of 

all third-party relationships. The new policy 

will be supported by detailed management 

guides. Additionally, Prudential 

Corporation Asia has developed a new risk 

profiling and segmentation tool to help 

assess the third-party risk associated with 

our relationships. This supports us in 

ensuring that more robust levels of 

governance are dedicated to arrangements 

that are of high risk and importance to 

Prudential. In the UK, our ‘Responsible 

Business’ module covers third-party 

contract terms and conditions for London 

Head Office (Angel Court) contracts. In 

addition to meeting our existing conditions 

on modern slavery and human rights, 

the Responsible Business module requires 

our suppliers to pay their employees the 

London or UK Living Wage, as set by the 

Greater London Authority and Centre for 

Research in Social Policy respectively. 

Upholding our commitments 

to human rights 

Being a responsible business requires 

organisations to ensure that they meet and 

strive to surpass commitments to the UN’s 

Declaration of Human Rights. We act with 

integrity to ensure that modern slavery, 

human trafficking, child labour or any other 

issue that subjugates human rights is 

eradicated from our supply chain. For more 

information around how we are identifying 

and managing our risks in relation to modern 

slavery, human trafficking, child and forced 

labour, please read our Modern Slavery 

Statement on the Prudential plc website. 

2019 highlights

 

— London: In July 2019, we introduced 

the Workday platform, an 

e-procurement and general ledger 

system to improve the control and 

monitoring of all purchasing activities. 

This system also allows us to better 

understand the composition of our 

supply chain and to automate our 

payments to help make sure we pay 

businesses in a timely way. In advance 

of the demerger of the Group’s UK 

business, we engaged over 200 

suppliers to explain the changes to the 

business and discuss the subsequent 

impacts to them. This allowed us to 

successfully re-contract ahead of the 

demerger, helped continuity of service 

to Prudential and ensured the continued 

orderly flow of payments for the 

impacted suppliers. 

 

 Additionally, using the Workday 

platform, we conducted an analysis of 

all our UK supplier spend to examine 

and re-confirm that, against the Walk 

Free Foundation’s Global Slavery Index, 

we are not exposed to Modern Slavery 

issues in our supply chain. This review 

identified that, across the top 

100 countries in the index, 2.8 per cent 

of UK procurement spend is exposed 

to these territories. Our spend in 

these countries is in categories that 

are typically considered to be low-risk, 

such as property rental and 

professional services. Full supplier 

due diligence is maintained in these 

areas to avoid any potential issues.

 

— Asia: In Asia, we began to roll out 

Coupa, a procurement management 

platform, across our business units. 

The system will facilitate cost savings 

and process efficiencies, helping us to 

become more accessible to a broader 

range of businesses. The platform 

will also support the completion of risk 

assessments as part of vendor and 

contract onboarding processes. The 

system has been implemented in Hong 

Kong, Malaysia and Singapore and we 

will continue to implement the software 

across our other Asian business units. 


prudentialplc.com 

Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

17

Diversity and inclusion 

Having the benefit of diverse perspectives 

and experiences within our organisation is 

important to our success and fulfilling our 

purpose. Diversity and inclusion (D&amp;I) is an 

important priority for Prudential, and the 

Group HR Director is the executive sponsor 

for D&amp;I across the Group. Through the 

Group D&amp;I Policy we ensure that we 

provide equal opportunities to our 

workforce, fostering a collaborative and 

supportive environment in which our 

employees are treated with dignity and 

respect. This helps to ensure that we have 

an appropriately diverse range of skill sets 

and backgrounds to enable us to create 

an engaged and successful workforce to 

deliver success across the Group. This 

policy helps to nurture an inclusive culture, 

with all of our employees being both 

protected against discrimination and 

provided with opportunities regardless of 

their age, caring responsibilities, disability 

status, ethnicity, gender, religion, sexual 

orientation, professional, social, 

educational or cultural background, or 

employment contract type. The policy 

ensures that our business units implement 

effective approaches to comply with local 

laws and regulations safeguarding the 

rights of employees, promoting D&amp;I, 

providing equality of opportunity and 

encouraging our suppliers to do the same. 

The policies are reviewed annually by 

Group HR, and D&amp;I leads across our 

business units are responsible for the 

implementation, monitoring and review of 

their policy locally, with regular updates 

provided through the Group D&amp;I Advisory 

Committee. As part of the management of 

the Group Governance Manual, annually 

each business unit confirms to Group HR 

that it has complied with all of the policies, 

including the D&amp;I Policy. 

Our strategic, long-term approach to 

D&amp;I is reviewed regularly to ensure that 

it remains outcomes-focused and enables 

Prudential plc to be appropriately placed 

to become a more diverse and inclusive 

organisation over time. The Board of 

Prudential plc is committed to recruiting 

the best available talent and appointing the 

best candidate for a role, from Board level 

to any role within the wider company, 

ensuring the necessary diversity of 

experience, skill sets and professional 

backgrounds. 

We aspire to having a senior management 

team that better represents the diverse 

experience and backgrounds of our 

customers and stakeholders and we are 

focused on achieving this aspiration. 

The Board monitors progress regularly 

through the Group D&amp;I Advisory 

Committee, the membership of which has 

been updated to reflect the shape of the 

Group following the demerger of M&amp;G plc. 

Our Board governance in this area includes 

reviewing our progress against peers on 

key points such as the diversity of our 

leadership team. Most of our D&amp;I activity 

and policy enhancement is managed by the 

individual business units, with a focus 

on the priorities that make an important 

difference in each specific market, in 

alignment with the Group-wide strategy. 

Prudential Corporation Asia’s D&amp;I Works 

Committee, which is made up of 

representatives from across our Asia 

businesses, continues to plan and support 

local initiatives. These are aligned with the 

regional strategy, which focuses on three 

key areas: People – Bridging Generations; 

Place – Harnessing Workplace Differences; 

and Power – Fostering Authenticity &amp; 

Openness. In the US, Jackson’s D&amp;I 

Advisory Council advises Jackson’s Chief 

Executive Officer and has gained traction 

through business-led activity, priorities 

and plans for 2019 and 2020. As a result, 

Jackson is pursuing D&amp;I goals in key areas 

including culture and communication, 

recruiting process, education, 

opportunities for career development 

and growth, benefits and equitable pay 

processes. The Nomination &amp; Governance 

Committee has responsibility for keeping 

the diverse leadership needs of the Group 

under review and ensuring that suitable 

succession plans are in place for the Board 

and other senior executives to achieve 

the Group’s strategic objectives. Diverse 

membership contributes to the 

effectiveness of a Board and is necessary 

for the successful delivery of the strategy 

of an international Group. For more 

information on diversity within our Board, 

please refer to page 110 of the Governance 

section within the Annual Report.

We provide an inclusive working environment in which 

we develop our talent, reward great performance, protect 

our people and value our differences, and we believe that 

such an environment is essential to enabling us to deliver 

for our customers, shareholders and communities. 

People


Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

prudentialplc.com

18

People continued

2019 highlights

Across the Group, our commitment to 

D&amp;I is supported by a variety of initiatives, 

including reviews of pay and performance 

management consistency, staff training, 

supporting affinity networks and engaging 

with recruitment firms and conducting 

awareness campaigns to diversify the 

pool of candidates for roles within 

the organisation. 

As a signatory to the HM Treasury Women 

in Finance Charter since 2016, we have 

an externally disclosed target of having 

30 per cent women in senior management 

by the end of 2021. At 31 December 2019 

the figure was 28 per cent and we remain 

on track to meet our 2021 target. 

We continue to appoint the most suitable 

candidates to senior roles across the Group.

We remain committed to increasing 

diversity within the organisation, with each 

of our businesses focusing on the priorities 

that are most appropriate to its context 

and culture. For example, Prudential 

Corporation Asia has a full calendar 

of celebration days across the region, to 

support a wide range of cultural occasions, 

including Eid al-Fitr celebrations, various 

country independence days and 

international festivals and global events 

such as International Women’s Day and 

International Men’s Day. Our London head 

office, Angel Court, continues to work 

towards its aim of maintaining the balance 

of gender and ethnicity diversity in the 

organisation. To help foster an inclusive 

workplace, Angel Court offers 

membership of the professional network 

Cityparents, which provides free access 

for all colleagues to a broad range of career, 

family and wellbeing-focused events. 

Across the Group we also invite senior 

female leaders to participate in externally 

available targeted development 

programmes. 

We have also increased our focus on 

disability and mental wellbeing. This is 

through both Group-wide initiatives and 

collaboration, as well as through other 

focused activity within specific parts of 

the organisation. The Enable network, 

for employees with physical and mental 

disabilities, allies, carers and champions, 

spans Prudential Corporation Asia, Jackson 

and Angel Court. The Enable network is run 

by and for staff across the Prudential Group 

and the primary objectives of the network 

are to create a safe space for people to 

share their stories and experiences, and to 

offer support to others; to create a culture 

of ‘disability confidence’ at Prudential, 

where staff feel comfortable talking about 

disabilities; to harness the knowledge 

and experiences of people with disabilities 

to make Prudential more accessible to 

employees, customers and stakeholders; 

and to be an outstanding employer in the 

industry for people with disabilities. 

After initially being established in 

Hong Kong, Prudential Corporation Asia’s 

PruPride network has now been adopted 

and launched in Vietnam. Jackson has 

launched six new affinity groups, 

each supported by one or more executive 

sponsors: Pride (LGBT+); VIBE 

(Vision in Black Excellence); Jackson 

Young Professionals; Empower (women’s 

network); Enable (for disabled people); 

and Associates-in-motion (for pre-retirees). 

Responsible working practices

We are committed to supporting human 

rights and to acting responsibly and with 

integrity at all times. Our policies are 

guided by the principles of the UN’s 

Universal Declaration of Human Rights and 

the International Labor Organization’s core 

labour standards, which are incorporated 

into our Group Code of Business Conduct, 

setting out our values and standards of 

employee behaviour, and into our Group 

Third Party Supply Policy.

Our Group Employee Relations and 

Resourcing policies are available on the 

Group website, along with our Board-

approved Modern Slavery Act statement. 

Our business units implement policies and 

practices at a local level that aim to ensure 

compliance with statutory and regulatory 

requirements in the local labour market 

and the prevention of slavery, human 

trafficking and child and forced labour. 

Compliance with Group policies is certified 

annually through our Group Governance 

Manual attestation process. 

Prudential headcount as at 31 December 2019

Gender diversity: senior management

Female

Male

2019

72%

21 Oct 2019*

31%

69%

2018*

29%

71%

2017*

25%

75%

2012*

17%

83%

28%

* Pre-demerger position

Gender diversity: all employees

Headcount

Total

Male Female Undisclosed2 Unspecified3

Chairman and Independent 

Non-executive Directors

10

7

3

–

–

Executive Directors

3

3

0

–

–

Group Executive Committee (GEC) 

Includes Executive Directors

7

6

1

–

–

Senior managers

 

Excludes the Chairman,  

all Directors and GEC members

53

38

15

–

–

Whole company1

Full-time equivalent

 

 Includes the Chairman,  

all Directors, GEC members 

and Senior Managers

 18,125

 8,137

 9,914

41

33

Notes

1 Excludes Prudential Corporation Asia joint ventures.

2 In many of our businesses, we provide our employees with the option to not disclose their gender. For these employees, 

gender is recorded as ‘undisclosed’.

3 No specification or information is captured on gender for an immaterial number of our employees. These employees 

are recorded as ‘unspecified’.


prudentialplc.com 

Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

19

We continue to maintain our independent, 

externally hosted whistleblowing website 

and hotline system, Speak Out, which 

allows individuals to raise concerns and 

seek guidance on a broad range of issues 

(see page 15 of this report).

ShareAction Workforce 

Disclosure Initiative

In 2019, we again participated in 

ShareAction’s Workforce Disclosure 

Initiative (WDI), which aims to create 

transparency for investors about how 

companies manage their workers, both in 

their direct operations and supply chains. 

A total of 137 investors, with a combined 

total of over US$15 trillion of assets under 

management, back the WDI, which has 

the ultimate goal of improving the quality 

of employment in companies’ operations 

and supply chains.

Talent development 

Developing our people is key to achieving 

our strategic objectives as a responsible 

business and to the long-term success 

of the company. Prior to the demerger 

of M&amp;G plc from the Group, we created 

two full Boards and senior management 

teams for two FTSE 100 companies, 

providing individuals with development 

opportunities and career progression. 

Our priority now is to ensure that we have 

the diverse short-, medium- and long-term 

talent we need in an inclusive environment 

to deliver on the strategic priorities of the 

newly shaped organisation. Group Human 

Resources focuses on developing senior 

leadership through an annual process 

of talent review, and we use succession 

planning to continue developing leaders 

and critical specialists, segmenting our 

talent to identify short-, medium- and 

long-term successors. We develop our 

senior executive leaders through a bespoke 

exercise based on their aspirations and 

the skill sets they need to continue to be 

successful, including fostering innovation, 

leading transformation and driving 

digital capability and execution through 

collaboration. The Board receives an 

in-depth talent review, led by the Group 

HR Director, once a year.

We aim to foster company loyalty through 

career growth and offer a range of 

programmes that enable our people to 

grow and develop. Learning modules 

cover regulatory policies, functional, 

technical and business skills and leadership 

development, with most programmes 

managed by our business units. In 2019, 

48 high-potential individuals participated 

in the Group-wide ‘Next Generation’ 

emerging talent programme, created and 

co-delivered in partnership with business 

school thought leaders. In Prudential 

Corporation Asia we invested in 

assessment centres across the region 

to identify potential future leaders and 

undertook a 360-degree feedback 

approach with leadership teams to create 

an environment that encourages openness 

and collaboration. We also launched a 

transformative executive coaching journey 

for leaders and those in the talent pipeline, 

which aims to optimise leaders’ potential 

to be authentic and inspiring agents of 

change, to help contribute to and sustain 

our business success.

Jackson’s Organizational Survey ensures 

that all associates have an opportunity 

to share their thoughts and make the 

organisation an even better place to work. 

The 2019 results show that associates are 

satisfied with their work and proud to be 

a part of Jackson. The areas of ethics and 

corporate responsibility were among the 

highest-scoring. In order to retain and 

develop talent within the organisation, 

Human Resources is working to help 

associates identify areas for future 

development and career growth aligned 

to the needs of the business.

In Prudential Africa, the ExCom 

Development Conference took place 

in August, part of the ‘Stretch and Grow’ 

agenda, which focuses on narrowing the 

gap between CEOs and ExCom members 

through targeted development, covering 

topics on leadership, strategy, design 

thinking and communication, to continue 

to further enhance problem-solving, 

customer-centricity and innovation.

Our business units continue to be active 

in wellbeing programmes, with PruThrive 

workshops being popular in our London 

head office, Angel Court. In planning 

these events, the topics selected are 

aimed at maintaining a link between 

ongoing organisational initiatives and 

colleague wellbeing. 

Employee engagement

We want to foster an environment in which 

employees feel empowered and which 

provides them with an opportunity to make 

an active contribution to the organisation 

and the communities we serve. We drive 

employee engagement through a number 

of initiatives, including colleague 

appreciation programmes, wellbeing 

programmes, our community investment 

strategy, networking opportunities with 

peers and senior leaders across functions 

and employee focus groups.

The Board has considered options to 

ensure its decisions are informed by an 

appreciation of employees’ views and in 

line with expectations of the UK Corporate 

Governance Code. During the year it 

appointed two designated Non-executive 

Directors to represent the workforce. 

Kai Nargolwala was appointed to represent 

employees based in Asia and Africa and 

Tom Watjen to represent those based in 

the US and the UK. An initial framework 

of activities, combining both formal and 

informal interactions with employees, 

was established. The key focus of those 

discussions was the impact on staff of 

organisational changes following the 

demerger of M&amp;G plc. We will continue 

to expand upon this framework in 2020, 

providing the designated Non-executive 

Directors with more opportunities for 

interactions with the workforce, and the 

Board will receive biannual updates on 

their activity and reflections.

We understand that during times of 

change within organisations colleagues 

can require extra support and 

engagement. During 2019 we continued 

our programme of engagement to ensure 

that colleagues were fully briefed on the 

demerger of M&amp;G plc and the expected 

shape of the organisation afterwards. 

This involved town hall meetings with 

senior management, smaller question-

and-answer sessions with leadership, 

regular updates on progress, Group-wide 

communications and the encouragement 

of colleagues to submit questions to ensure 

full understanding and engagement. 

We recognise the value of the culture that 

we have built in the business. Throughout 

our employee communications we stress 

the importance of ownership, partnership 

and stewardship, the key elements of 

our culture. 

Our community investment strategy is 

closely aligned with our business purpose 

and one of the principal themes is employee 

engagement. Many of our employees play 

an active role in their communities through 

volunteering, charitable donations and 

fundraising. Chairman’s Challenge is 

our flagship international volunteering 

programme, bringing people together 

across the Group to help their communities. 

More information is available in the 

Supporting our communities section 

on page 28.


Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

prudentialplc.com

20

People continued

Performance and reward 

We structure our reward arrangements 

to attract, motivate and retain high-calibre 

people. Our people contribute to the 

success of the Group and are rewarded 

accordingly. We recognise and reward 

high performance and are committed to 

a fair and transparent system of reward. 

Among our benefits, we offer employees 

competitive pension arrangements. 

We are committed to paying the London 

Living Wage to permanent and temporary 

employees, and to contractors who 

regularly work at our premises in the UK. 

Our UK business, Prudential Services 

Limited, has recently reported its 2019 UK 

Gender Pay Gap data and details can be 

found on the Group’s website. There has 

been a further narrowing of most of the pay 

gap figures. Where men and women 

perform similar roles, they are paid equally 

but the gender pay gap reflects that men 

and women are doing different roles. 

We remain focused on closing the 

remaining pay gap as soon as possible and 

on ensuring that we attract applicants from 

all backgrounds and create opportunities 

for all our employees to develop and 

progress so we have the talent needed to 

better reflect the communities we serve. 

Remuneration is linked to the delivery of 

business goals, our values and expected 

behaviours. We ensure our rewards for 

our people do not incentivise inappropriate 

risk-taking by assessing employees on 

‘what’ they have achieved, and on ‘how’ 

they have done so. Recognition initiatives 

run across our businesses. In our London 

head office, Angel Court, the Prudential 

Stars awards enable individuals to 

nominate colleagues, recognising 

examples of exceptional contributions, 

specifically in the areas of delivering 

synergy, adding value, fostering 

innovation, demonstrating stakeholder 

focus and maintaining risk awareness. 

The Jackson High Five Recognition 

Program enables individuals to recognise 

their colleagues in areas of creativity, 

empowerment, execution, impact, 

investment in relationships and respect. 

In Asia, the Prudential Corporation Asia 

Excellence Award recognises outstanding 

employees across the region for 

demonstrating the company’s Purpose, 

Values and Leadership Behaviours, which 

is one of our initiatives to strengthen our 

culture as a purpose-led organisation. 

We also believe in the importance of giving 

employees the opportunity to benefit 

from the Group’s success through share 

ownership, and operate share plans for 

employees in the UK and Asia. This 

includes the award-winning PruSharePlus 

plan, which enables employees in Asia 

to share in the longer-term success of the 

business and actively encourages share 

ownership and engagement. Similar 

all-employee share plans operate in the UK.

Executive remuneration

The Group’s executive remuneration 

arrangements reward the achievement of 

Group, business, functional and personal 

targets, provided that performance is 

aligned to the Group’s risk framework 

and appetite and that our conduct 

expectations, as well as those of our 

regulators and other stakeholders, are met.

For the seventh consecutive year, salary 

increases in 2019 for executives were 

aligned with the bottom of the range of pay 

budgets for the wider workforce. As part 

of the three-year cycle we reviewed and 

updated the Directors’ Remuneration 

Policy during 2019. We plan on 

implementing the policy following the 

Group’s 2020 Annual General Meeting. 

To strengthen the alignment between 

Executive Directors and the workforce, 

the policy includes pension benefits for 

new Executive Directors of 13 per cent 

of salary and a reduction in the pension 

benefits for incumbent Executive Directors. 

In order to strengthen the community of 

interest between executives and other 

shareholders, remuneration is linked to 

sustained performance over the longer 

term. For example, 40 per cent of Executive 

Directors’ bonus is deferred in shares 

for three years. Executive Directors are 

required to meet shareholding guidelines 

and, for awards made from 2017 onwards, 

a two-year holding period applies to 

long-term incentive awards in addition 

to the three-year performance period. 

The 2020 Directors’ Remuneration Policy 

requires departing Executive Directors 

to retain a substantial interest in the 

company’s shares for two years after 

they leave the Board. The Remuneration 

Committee’s Terms of Reference were 

updated in 2019 to incorporate updates 

to the Corporate Governance Code and 

to reference the Hong Kong Insurance 

Authority’s remuneration requirements, 

rather than the remuneration requirements 

of our former regulator.

In addition, the Group Remuneration 

Committee took separate measures in 

2019 to explain how the remuneration of 

Executive Directors aligns with the wider 

Group Remuneration Policy. A microsite 

was established on the intranet that 

outlines executive pay arrangements 

during the previous financial year and 

key areas of change for 2019. 

To further increase transparency of 

executive remuneration and its alignment 

with the pay of other employees, we 

published our CEO pay ratio one year in 

advance of the disclosure becoming a 

requirement under the UK Companies 

(Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 

2018 in the 2018 Directors’ Remuneration 

Report. In light of the demerger of M&amp;G plc 

from Prudential plc on 21 October 2019, 

we have prepared the 2019 CEO pay ratio 

based on UK-based Group Head Office 

employees. Further information on 

our CEO pay ratio is detailed in the 

Directors’ Remuneration Report within 

the Annual Report.

Protecting the health, safety 

and wellbeing of our people

We are committed to ensuring compliance 

with health and safety legislation and 

standards to which all our businesses are 

subject and have adopted a Group-wide 

Health and Safety Policy that applies to all 

our companies, locations and activities. 

Following the demerger of M&amp;G plc, 2019 

provided an opportunity to re-baseline our 

health and safety reporting metrics. For the 

year ending 31 December 2019, no fatalities 

were recorded (2018: zero). We recorded 

74 accidents/incidents, resulting in 203 

days of lost time. Of these 74 incidents, 56 

took place in the US, eight in the UK, four in 

the Philippines, three in Hong Kong and 

one each in Vietnam, Indonesia and Taiwan. 

A third of these physical injuries were 

caused by slips, trips and falls, with the 

remainder related to a range of other injury 

types. Accident/incident investigations are 

carried out locally and support is provided 

where appropriate, for example through 

external occupational health providers 

and other health providers. The relatively 

high number of accidents/incidents in 

the US can be attributed to the positive 

improvement in awareness of health and 

safety and the comprehensive recording 

of accidents and incidents, however minor. 

Accident/incident rates in the US 

benchmark well against the average 

for the industry sector. 


prudentialplc.com 

Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

21

Increasing access to digital health 

tools in Asia

Access to physicians remains a challenge 

for many communities across Asia. To aid 

the expansion of our role from providing 

protection to preventing and postponing 

adverse health events, we have launched 

Pulse by Prudential, an all-in-one digital 

app that forms the core component of 

our pioneering digital health proposition. 

Accessible to everyone, Pulse uses artificial 

intelligence-powered self-help tools and 

real-time information to offer holistic 

health management to customers in Asia. 

Pulse combines healthcare and technology 

to prevent and postpone disease and 

protect customers by empowering them 

to take control of their health and 

wellbeing, anytime, anywhere. Pulse by 

Prudential was first introduced in Malaysia 

in March 2019 and will be available in 

11 markets across the region. More than 

1 million users have downloaded the app 

since its launch in August.

Pulse is an evolving platform and consists 

of a range of partnerships with health and 

technology companies. Our partnership 

with Babylon enables users to monitor their 

health status online. We are also working 

with a range of local and regional partners 

to provide increasingly personalised health 

management services to consumers. 

For example, through our partnership with 

Tictrac, we are able to provide personalised 

wellness services to consumers by 

combining a user’s lifestyle signals from 

their apps and wearables with contextual 

information about their surroundings. 

This information helps guide users to 

achieve their health objectives, such as 

preventing diabetes or reducing stress 

levels, by establishing good nutritional 

and fitness habits or instilling behaviours 

that are beneficial to their health.

Using technology to enhance 

our capabilities

In 2019, Jackson invested significant time 

and resources with fintech partners to 

help illustrate the benefits a lifetime 

income solution can provide within a 

comprehensive wealth management plan. 

The fintech platforms where Jackson 

is actively engaged include eMoney, 

MoneyGuidePro and Envestnet. 

Jackson formed a new strategic alliance 

in September with eMoney Advisor, 

a leading provider of technology solutions 

and services that help people talk about 

money. The collaboration enables 

Jackson’s wholesalers to show financial 

advisers how to use eMoney’s 

comprehensive financial planning software 

to evaluate how protected lifetime income 

can help address certain needs in 

retirement. The technology solutions 

provided by eMoney reach more than 

60,000 financial professionals, serving 

nearly 4 million households in the US.

During 2019, Prudential Singapore 

strengthened its partner network of 

fintech, insurtech, healthtech and medtech 

companies with the third edition of its 

flagship innovation initiative – the 

PRUFintegrate Partnership. The financial 

sector is an integral part of Singapore’s 

ambition to be a smart nation and Singapore 

has emerged as a global fintech hub. The 

goal of the partnership is to build a network 

of partners to solve business challenges 

through digital innovation. Through these 

platforms, we are co-developing solutions 

that will address the areas of improving 

customer engagement and expanding our 

data analytics capabilities.

Our smart underwriting tool, which is now 

used in 64 per cent of all new sales, offers 

dynamic underwriting that streamlines the 

application process and communicates 

instant underwriting decisions to customers.

In the face of technological advancements and evolving customer 

needs, we actively embrace the latest technology and embed 

digital capabilities in our business model. We continually raise 

the automation of our operations in order to improve both 

business efficiency and customer satisfaction.

Technology


Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

prudentialplc.com

22

Technology continued

Promoting financial inclusion, 

protection and participation 

In June 2019, we announced a strategic 

partnership with OVO, a digital payments, 

rewards and financial services platform 

in Indonesia. Available on over 115 million 

devices, OVO is the preferred digital 

payments platform for Indonesians, with 

over 500,000 merchants and a presence 

in 319 cities. The partnership significantly 

enhances our reach to digitally minded 

consumers in one of Asia’s fastest-growing 

insurance markets and is a key step in our 

broader commitment to make health and 

wealth services affordable and accessible 

to all Asians. Prudential and OVO will 

jointly develop new digital propositions 

for customers encompassing wellness, 

health and wealth products and services. 

Through this partnership, customers will 

enjoy the convenience of transacting online 

with electronic underwriting, e-payments, 

e-claims and easy access to Prudential’s 

wide hospital network, complementing 

the face-to-face service from Prudential’s 

financial consultants in 160 cities 

in Indonesia. 

Healthcare in the Philippines continues 

to face the challenge of lack of medical 

facilities and infrastructure, high cost and 

lack of medical professionals. There is also 

a rise in mortality from diseases that can 

easily be prevented, such as heart and 

vascular disease, cancer, diabetes 

complications and infectious diseases. 

Recognising the high cost of and unequal 

access to healthcare in the Philippines, 

Pru Life UK, our life insurance business in 

the Philippines, has the ambition to make 

health accessible and affordable to all 

through the use of mobile digital health. 

Earlier this year, Pru Life UK published an 

independent study, which it commissioned 

to examine the readiness of the country’s 

regulatory and legal framework to support 

the development of mobile digital health. 

The paper, ‘Mobile Digital Health in the 

Philippines’, proposes solutions on how 

to integrate mobile digital technology, 

including applications powered by artificial 

intelligence, as part of the current reforms 

in healthcare in the Philippines. The paper 

underlines PruLife UK’s commitment to 

working with the public and private 

sectors to help the government achieve 

its health goals.

Information security 

As consumers seek on-demand, 24-hour 

access to our products and services, 

loss of access has the potential to have 

a significant impact on our customer 

relationships and our brand reputation. 

Furthermore, many of the social benefits of 

new technology, such as financial inclusion 

and greater access to primary healthcare, 

may not be realised. In this context, 

information risk remains an area of 

prominent concern and focus for ourselves, 

regulators and businesses globally. For us, 

information security is rated as a principal 

risk, demonstrating our continued 

commitment to securely managing the 

information our customers entrust to us. 

Our threat assessments suggest that our 

principal threat remains criminal actors. 

However, as with all other organisations, 

there remains a risk of becoming ‘collateral 

damage’ in a larger, untargeted but 

sophisticated attack. Our understanding 

of the key threats facing us informs our 

strategy and our internal threat intelligence 

team refresh this understanding regularly. 

A new global model for 

information security

During 2019, we implemented a long-term 

shift from federated information security 

teams within each business unit to a single 

Group-wide team leveraging skills, 

experience and resource globally via a 

‘centres of excellence’ model. This new 

model will support collaboration and 

skills-sharing across the whole Group.

The new model allows us to consolidate 

and rationalise information security 

technologies and processes across the 

Group, enabling security services to 

become more consistent and effective. 

This is critical to our business as it ensures 

the appropriate assessment, management 

and assurance of all third parties with 

potential to manage or impact Prudential 

Group data or systems. For example, 

we previously held multiple contracts in 

different regions with a single vendor for 

third-party security scanning and rating 

services. We recently consolidated the 

service into a single contract. In doing so, 

we were able to increase the scope of 

services, increase coverage and so further 

mature our third-party security discipline. 

The efficiency savings gained by 

consolidating these tools can be 

re-invested to mature and improve our 

Group-wide capabilities or to develop 

new ones to meet new emerging threats. 

Throughout 2019, the transition to the 

new model has been progressing under 

the newly appointed Group Chief 

Information Security Officer. To support 

the new model, we developed a new 

Global Information Security Policy, which 

came into force in 2020. The policy has 

been mapped to numerous international 

and local standards including:

 

— ISO27002

 

— NIST Cyber Security Framework 

 

— The New York Department of Financial 

Services Cybersecurity Regulation 

 

— The Monetary Authority of Singapore 

Guidelines on Technology 

Risk Management

 

— The Hong Kong Insurance Authority 

Guideline on Cybersecurity

 

— The Bank Negara Malaysia Risk 

Management in Technology Standard

This supports our global approach to 

security and our commitment to protecting 

the data entrusted to us by customers 

across our global footprint. The policy 

is also supported by a suite of technical 

standards that are currently being refreshed 

to better align with the new policy. 

How we manage information 

security risk

Effective risk management is key to the 

successful execution of our objectives and 

the newly formed Group-wide Information 

Security and Privacy Committee defines 

and provides governance and the risk 

management framework for information 

security risks across the Group. This 

Committee meets at least quarterly and is 

a sub-committee of the Group Executive 

Risk Committee (GERC), which is chaired 

by the Group Chief Risk and Compliance 

Officer and of which the Group Chief 

Information Security Officer is a standing 

member. The Information Security team 

also works closely with the Group Risk 

function to define information security as 

a risk within the business. The Information 

Security team regularly reports on security 

risk and performance to the Group Risk 

Committee and the GERC, demonstrating 

the priority and level of executive oversight 

assigned to information security risk and 

the management of these risks. Our 

Security function retains its overarching 

commitment to protect the business, 

comply with all applicable laws and 

regulations, and support the growth 

of the Group securely.


prudentialplc.com 

Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

23

The new Group-wide strategy for 

information security rests on four key 

objectives to defend and protect the Group, 

our information and our customers’ data. 

These are:

1  Automate: automation allows us to 

increase the speed and scale of our 

defences and reduce the need for 

human interaction in a number of 

incident types. This frees our team to 

focus on more challenging initiatives 

and continuously maturing our security 

and privacy disciplines. 

2  Global Security Operations Centre 

(SOC): a Group-wide SOC is being 

established to provide 24-hour threat 

and incident management. A single 

SOC provides consistent, appropriate 

24-hour support to our global businesses 

in the case of any suspicious event.

3  Accelerate development of people 

skills: the transition to a Group-wide 

function with centres of excellence 

and a common framework is underway 

to better leverage and share existing 

skills, knowledge and experience. 

Additionally, a further continuous 

programme to upskill staff has been 

launched to achieve a software-centric 

security and privacy team able to 

support digital initiatives. 

4  Continuous improvement: given the 

rapid evolution of threats, the security 

and privacy disciplines need to be 

in a state of continuous improvement 

across the three dimensions of people, 

process and technology. The model 

to measure the maturity has been 

completed, with progress being made 

on rationalisation and optimisation 

of technology solutions. 

Another key element to both managing 

information risk and executing on our 

strategy is to have good information, which 

our executives and other stakeholders 

across the business can use to inform their 

decision-making and to gain comfort that 

information risk is being appropriately 

managed. We monitor our information 

security risks through our Group-wide key 

performance indicators, which map to the 

industry-leading National Institute of 

Standards and Technology Cyber Security 

Framework and other frameworks. These 

cover 10 key areas of cyber security, and 

were created using the ‘Goal, Question, 

Metric’. This approach seeks to derive 

better business-focused insights from 

KPIs and elevates the conversation from 

specifics, such as percentage of patches 

applied within targets, to effectiveness 

of current risk management practices 

and levels of residual risk for the executive 

to consider. These metrics are collated, 

analysed and provided to Group-level 

committees on a regular basis. 

In 2019 we launched several projects 

to enhance our approach to information 

security assurance using automation and 

analytics. In Asia we have introduced 

automated firewall rule analytics to 

provide deep-dive real-time reviews 

on the performance of our on-premise 

firewalls. Projects such as these are driving 

our approach to innovating our assurance 

processes to provide greater visibility in 

a faster and more efficient manner while 

protecting the information entrusted to us. 

Training, awareness and Board 

oversight of information security risk

Our staff are critical to protecting the 

information entrusted to us by our 

customers. Consequently, information 

security awareness training is integral to 

ensuring that our information and systems 

remain safe. All members of staff, including 

temporary staff, across all of our businesses 

are mandated to complete this training at 

least annually. Training is provided locally 

to support local languages and reflect any 

local regulatory and legal requirements. 

Completion is tracked within each business. 

This training is supplemented with 

simulated phishing campaigns quarterly 

to test how staff respond to these attacks 

in ‘real world’ scenarios. These simulated 

phishing emails are tailored within regions 

and the sophistication of the techniques 

involved varies to ensure that staff 

are continually challenged to learn. 

The results of these campaigns and training 

completion rates are tracked across the 

Group to ensure that this remains an area 

of focus. 

This focus extends to our Board and 

executives. Throughout the year our 

Non-executive Directors have access to 

one-to-one training, often delivered by the 

Group Chief Information Security Officer, 

on topics including cyber threats and 

privacy. This ensures that not only can they 

protect themselves and the information 

they handle on a daily basis, but they can 

also engage in Board-level oversight of 

information security risks from a more 

informed and confident position, something 

we consider to be essential to the oversight 

of our strategy and risk management. 

Sharing intelligence and 

leveraging new technologies

Our threat intelligence capability 

continues to support analysis of our threat 

environment. The capability is closely 

aligned to the Security Operations Centre 

to make better use of internal tool sets and 

information to ensure intelligence gathered 

is actionable. We retain membership of 

various intelligence-sharing networks, 

such as the Financial Services Information 

Sharing and Analysis Centre, and maintain 

industry relationships to support 

intelligence-sharing through our network 

of connections. The function of the Cyber 

Threat Intelligence team is to assist our 

teams and businesses with understanding 

the cyber threats we face and to focus 

on providing actionable intelligence. 

The ultimate aim of the intelligence 

provided is to guide our decisions to ensure 

the most relevant and impactful risks for 

our business are addressed. 

Throughout 2019 we have focused on 

automating security services to increase 

effectiveness and consistency and create 

efficiencies. This will allow us to make 

better use of the resources we have, 

enabling team members to address more 

complex tasks. Examples to date include 

the automation of security performance 

metrics from across the Group to create 

a single interactive dashboard. 

Incident response and resilience

While our aim at Prudential is always 

to prevent incidents wherever possible, 

we must ensure that we are prepared to 

respond to any incident in a timely and 

effective manner. Incident response plans 

are developed, maintained and tested 

regularly, and the Group Information 

Security &amp; Privacy team maintains a close 

working relationship with business 

continuity and disaster recovery teams 

to ensure alignment of plans and support 

in the event of an incident. Regular 

scenario-based testing of these processes 

serves both to confirm the effectiveness of 

the plans and provide assurance that staff, 

including senior executives, are prepared 

for such an event. 


Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

prudentialplc.com

24

Technology continued

Resilience has long been a key 

consideration in information risk 

management and the information security 

strategy for the Group. This was further 

emphasised in 2018 by the FCA and PRA’s 

joint publication of the discussion paper 

‘Building the UK Financial Sector’s 

Operational Resilience’, which highlighted 

cyber security as a key factor of operational 

resilience. As it is impossible to guarantee 

that no incident will ever occur, preparation 

for rapid and appropriate response is 

critical to ensuring resilience. For this 

reason, we continue to work with 

colleagues in business continuity and 

disaster recovery to maintain our plans and 

contingencies to ensure that our business 

remains as resilient as possible to a 

successful cyber-attack.

Privacy and data protection 

In 2019, our focus was dedicated to 

maintaining awareness as well as 

enhancing and embedding activities that 

were implemented as part of the General 

Data Protection Regulation programme, 

in order to strengthen and sustain ongoing 

compliance. This was done through 

privacy reviews, ongoing awareness 

activities, and ensuring privacy is a key 

consideration during change activities. 

Activities also focused on compliance 

with the California Consumer Privacy Act 

regulation, which took effect on 1 January 

2020 and which affords consumers in 

California new advanced privacy rights. 

Jackson, along with its subsidiaries and 

affiliates, will be subject to the new 

compliance obligations, and many other 

states are pursuing similar legislation. 

A multi-discipline team across the in-scope 

businesses has been formed to help ensure 

compliance by the enforcement date.

Our Group Privacy Office, which 

we established in 2018, continues to 

maintain oversight of privacy compliance. 

In addition, the office works with Group 

businesses across Asia, Africa and the US 

to support and advise on ongoing privacy 

compliance as well as to provide a point 

of escalation for resolving data privacy 

issues. Activities are underway to drive 

consistency of privacy management across 

the Group and use technology to automate 

privacy controls where possible through 

a global privacy management platform. 

Prudential now has a global privacy 

structure integrated with the Group-wide 

Information Security &amp; Privacy team, 

which reports to the Group Chief 

Information Security Officer, giving 

coverage of each region and the different 

countries in which Prudential operates.







CISSP accreditation programme

As part of our ongoing commitment to 

invest in our security staff, upskill and 

diversify skill sets, we have rolled out a 

programme across the Group to support 

information security staff through 

Certified Information Systems Security 

Professional (CISSP) training and 

accreditation. The programme began in 

Jackson in 2016 and, as a result, 30 of 65 

(46 per cent) of the information 

security team based in the US are now 

CISSP-accredited. The CISSP is one of 

the most highly regarded professional 

accreditations for information security 

worldwide and covers a broad scope 

of security domains. 

As a result of the initiative, we can 

objectively measure the increase in 

qualifications across the information 

security workforce. Due to its success 

in Jackson, the programme has now 

been extended across the Group-wide 

Information Security team and these 

metrics are being tracked into 2020 as 

part of our global information security 

strategy objectives.


prudentialplc.com 

Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

25

Managing our direct impact

Our Group Governance Manual underpins 

all our activities, including minimising the 

direct impacts of our operations on the 

environment. Our Group Environment 

Policy applies to our operational properties 

worldwide, guiding our approach to the 

management of the direct impacts of our 

business units, including compliance with 

environmental laws and regulations with 

respect to emissions, energy consumption, 

water use, waste disposal, environmental 

supply chain management and the 

adoption of risk management principles for 

all property-related matters. Business unit 

performance is monitored against the 

Group Environment Policy and updates 

are provided to the Board. We participate 

in external benchmarks that assess our 

management of climate change risks 

and opportunities. More information is 

available in the Climate section on page 11 

of this report. 

Global environmental 

targets framework 

In 2016 we developed a global 

environmental targets framework to 

drive improvements in environmental 

operational performance. This framework 

was aligned to the operational footprint of 

the pre-demerger Prudential Group and, 

as such, a number of targets are no longer 

relevant to the demerged Group. The 

Group’s new operational footprint provides 

an opportunity to develop targets that 

are more closely aligned with that footprint 

and our ambition in this area. During 2020, 

we are reviewing our global environmental 

targets framework for the demerged Group 

and new targets will be established to start 

from 2021. 

As a Group, we signed up to RE100 in 

2018 to achieve 100 per cent renewable 

electricity sourcing by 2025 across our 

occupied estate. Following the demerger 

of our UK business in October, this 

commitment has been moved over to M&amp;G 

plc. The majority of our property footprint 

now lies in Asia and we continue to explore 

the most appropriate options for sourcing 

renewable energy across the demerged 

Group’s new operational footprint. 

The highlights of our 2019 environmental 

performance are available below. These 

metrics cover the performance of the 

demerged Prudential Group for 2019 and 

form the new baseline data from which 

we will measure future environmental 

performance. The demerged Prudential 

Group is 24 per cent smaller (based on 

headcount) than the Prudential Group 

including M&amp;G plc. Consequently, the 

reported figures are much lower than the 

values reported in 2018. Data for M&amp;G plc 

and the composite Prudential Group up 

until the point of demerging can be found 

in our 2019 Annual Report. 

We are determined to minimise our impact on the environment 

in line with our purpose of improving the lives of our customers 

and their communities. We are responsible for understanding 

our impact on the environment and doing what we can to 

minimise any damaging effects. We measure our environmental 

performance and take action to ensure that we improve that 

performance year after year.

Environment


Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

prudentialplc.com

26

Environment continued

1. Energy and climate change – 

understanding our impacts, 

reducing our greenhouse gas 

emissions and developing 

longer-term actions

In 2019, our global energy use (for the 

provision of small power, heating and 

cooling) across our occupied estate was 

91,921 MWh. Across our occupied estate, 

our global absolute Scope 1 and 2 

(market-based) greenhouse gas emissions 

were 56,421 tCO2e. When normalised 

against net lettable floor area, our Scope 1 

and 2 emissions were 105kg CO2e/m2. 

In Asia, we completed seven site 

assessments as part of our work towards 

achieving our target to conduct energy 

assessments of our top 20 highest 

energy-consuming sites. This brings the 

total number of sites assessed to 13 

and the remaining seven site inspections 

are scheduled for 2020. We have now 

completed assessments on facilities in 

Hong Kong, Indonesia, Malaysia, the 

Philippines, Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand 

and Vietnam. Through this process we 

have identified over 70 initiatives with 

potential savings of 4.8 GWh, or around 

13 per cent of the energy consumption 

for these top 20 offices. The savings 

opportunities will continue to build as we 

progress with the remaining assessments 

in 2020. After the assessment of our 

Hong Kong Gateway office, the local 

business implemented a range of measures 

such as switching off lighting, adjusting 

temperature set points and implementing 

an out-of-hours IT shutdown, yielding 

an instant energy and associated carbon 

emission reduction of 7 per cent. 

Further measures are being considered 

for implementation in 2020.

As in 2018, we have disclosed our Scope 3 

air travel booked from the UK. We will 

continue to work with our business units 

across all of our regions to extend our 

Scope 3 emissions reporting. In 2019 our 

reported air travel emissions were 6,092 

tCO2e. During 2019 we chose to offset our 

air travel, covering both our reported and 

unreported emissions. 

Our 2019 reporting covers the period 

1 October 2018 to 30 September 2019 

and selected indicators are assured by 

Deloitte LLP. Further information about 

our greenhouse gas emissions reporting 

can be found here, including an assurance 

statement provided by Deloitte.

2. Construction and refurbishment 

– delivering sustainable outcomes 

through property projects 

and improved wellbeing of 

our employees

Refurbishment projects and new office 

builds provide an opportunity to improve 

the environmental performance of 

our estate. Each business unit has the 

autonomy to deliver sustainable building 

certification most relevant to its region and 

develop standards or guidelines considered 

most appropriate in its market. Our new 

London office, which we moved into in 

April 2019, is rated as BREEAM Excellent. 

During the move from the previous office, 

surplus office equipment was diverted from 

landfill by maximising reuse opportunities 

across other sites as well as third parties. 

Stationery supplies that were no longer 

required in the new office were donated 

to local London schools. 

In Malaysia we have consolidated our 

headquarters operations into a new LEED 

Gold building in the Tun Razak Exchange, 

part of Kuala Lumpur’s new business 

and international Financial District. 

The building incorporates a number of 

features that optimise energy and water 

efficiency. As part of this move, each 

business unit made surplus furniture and 

redundant equipment available to staff 

to minimise the wastage being generated.

In order to align and promote sustainable 

best practices throughout the life-cycle 

of our occupied estate, Prudential 

Corporation Asia developed a Smart 

Leasing Toolkit and an Environmental 

Design and Construction Guide. These 

were developed using a holistic approach 

covering categories such as energy, water 

and waste and are aligned with industry 

green building standard tools like LEED 

and WELL. As part of the lease renewal at 

our One IFC office in Hong Kong, we used 

the newly developed Smart Leasing Toolkit 

to assess how we could best incorporate 

improving our environmental performance 

into the lease negotiations. Through this 

process, the landlord agreed to replace 

the lighting from fluorescent tubes to new 

high-efficiency LED lighting throughout 

our leased area. Since these works were 

completed, we have seen a reduction in 

energy consumption of approximately 

20 per cent.



Reducing energy usage in Jackson

In the US, Jackson continues to reduce 

energy usage and decrease our carbon 

footprint. In 2019 Jackson completed a 

range of projects at our Corporate Way 

campus in Lansing, including:

 

— Installing high-efficiency rooftop 

units with CO2 sensors to replace 

older equipment

 

— Installing new 97 per cent-efficient 

condensing hot water heaters to 

replace two 80 per cent-efficiency 

hot water heaters 

 

— Installing an energy recovery 

ventilation unit to replace two 10Kw 

electric heat make-up air units in the 

printing facilities in the Corporate 

Centre building 

 

— Installing a new dust-collector 

filtration system to reduce exhaust 

and recover energy in printing 

facilities, while also improving 

air quality. 








prudentialplc.com 

Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

27

3. Waste and recycling – reducing 

the waste we generate and diverting 

waste from landfill through 

recycling and recovery 

During 2019, we generated 864 tonnes 

of waste in the UK and the US. The 

gathering of waste data in Asia continues 

to become more reliable in 2019. Waste 

and recycling continues to be a focus area 

for ongoing reporting.

Of the UK and US total, 63 per cent was 

diverted from landfill through recycling, 

composting or incineration. Scope 3 

carbon emissions associated with our 

waste are calculated at 42 tCO2e, a minor 

contribution to our overall corporate 

footprint in comparison with the energy 

use of our buildings and air travel. 

We continue to work with our suppliers 

to seek opportunities to increase recycling 

rates and decrease waste generation in the 

first instance. As an office-based business, 

we are not large producers of hazardous 

waste and so do not currently capture this 

in our global reporting.

In Asia, we introduced Follow Me Printing 

in our One IFC office in Hong Kong, 

centralising the printer rooms, reducing 

the number of printers from 21 to 11 

and adjusting the default printer settings 

to black-and-white and double-sided 

printing. These measures have resulted 

in a 50 per cent reduction in the average 

number of pages printed monthly.

4. Water consumption – assessing 

and reducing our use of water

In 2019, absolute use of water across our 

global occupied estate was 229,268 m3. 

When normalised against headcount, 

our use of water was 12.6 m3/employee. 

No sourcing issues were identified in 2019. 

In the US, irrigation central control has 

been installed and activated for systems 

in part of Jackson’s Corporate Way 

campus. Desktop software and mobile 

phone applications are being used to 

monitor water usage, providing automated 

shut-off capability should there be any 

breaks in water supply lines. 

As part of the scope of the energy 

assessments programme on our top 20 

energy consuming sites, we have included 

an assessment of our water usage within 

the same facilities, with the aim of 

identifying potential opportunities to 

reduce our water consumption. In a 

majority of situations we are a tenant 

in multi-tenanted buildings, where the 

common parts are controlled by our 

landlords, and as a result these assessments 

have found limited opportunities for 

implementing water savings programmes.

5. Sustainable procurement – 

partnering our supply chain 

to deliver sustainable solutions 

and source responsibly 

The continued support of our supply chain 

is key in becoming a sustainable business. 

Our procurement team ensures that 

environmental requirements are integrated 

into procurement frameworks and form 

part of the supplier selection criteria.

Enforcement actions 

No fines or regulatory actions occurred 

during the year for environmental incidents 

(2018: zero).

Jackson’s Smartcycle programme

In the US, Jackson’s Smartcycle 

programme provides an 

environmentally sustainable and 

cost-effective way for colleagues to 

discard food and compostable waste. 

Since the programme began in 2016, 

Jackson has diverted an additional 

22 per cent of waste in our Lansing 

facilities from landfill through the 

diversion of compostable materials and 

food waste to aerobic compost facilities. 

After successful field-testing and 

analysis in our Lansing office since 2016, 

the compost programme was 

introduced in the Nashville office in 

2019. Petroleum-based food containers 

have been replaced with compostable 

containers made from renewable 

materials such as sugarcane fibre, 

corn and wheat straw. Waste food and 

containers are sent for processing at 

state-of-the-art aerobic composting 

facilities to avoid the production of 

methane. Jackson receives a portion of 

the nutrient-rich compost produced, to 

use on the grounds to enrich landscape 

beds. Jackson rewards colleagues for 

their commitment to the environment 

through an incentive programme, which 

provides canteen discounts for use of 

non-disposable dishware, encouraging 

colleagues to use washable cups for 

coffee and water to reduce the 

consumption of disposable cups. 


Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

prudentialplc.com

28

Our community investment strategy is 

closely aligned with our business purpose 

and with our stakeholders’ concerns 

and interests, and is focused around four 

principal themes: social inclusion, education 

and life skills, disaster preparedness 

and employee engagement.

Our approach to 

community investment 

Our relationships with our charity partners 

are long-term, involving support through 

both funding and skills-based employee 

volunteering. Our business units are 

guided by the Group’s strategy and 

framework for investing in the community, 

as laid out in our Group-wide Community 

Investment Policy, but within that 

framework they have the autonomy to 

manage their own community investment 

programmes. Our Group-wide Community 

Investment Policy sets minimum standards, 

as well as prohibiting political funding and 

contributions to religious organisations that 

have a clear aim to propagate a set faith.

Understanding the issues faced by local 

communities is part of being a responsible 

business, and those best placed to manage 

community investment are our local 

businesses. In Asia and Africa this is done 

through the Prudence Foundation, a 

unified charitable organisation governed 

by a statutory Board of Directors, which 

maximises the impact of our community 

investment across these regions. In the US, 

a governance committee of Jackson and 

the Jackson Charitable Foundation Board 

of Directors regularly review our 

community investment activity, strategy 

and spend.

The plc Board reviews the Group’s 

community investment performance 

and approves our strategy annually, 

while our Material Subsidiary Boards 

oversee corporate responsibility initiatives 

undertaken by our business units. 

Paul Manduca, Chairman of Prudential plc, 

is the Board sponsor for corporate 

responsibility.

Monitoring and measuring 

our programmes

We take a strategic, long-term approach 

to community investment, and we ensure 

that all our community investment 

activities meet our objectives. We use 

performance metrics aligned to the London 

Benchmarking Group (LBG) guidelines, 

which are used to monitor progress and 

guide the valuation of both cash and 

in-kind contributions, employee 

volunteering and management costs. 

In 2019, the Group spent US$29.1 million 

supporting community activities. Direct 

cash donations to charitable organisations 

amounted to US$20.6 million. The balance 

includes in-kind donations as set out 

on the Group website that are calculated 

in accordance with LBG guidelines. 

This included 10,834 employees who 

contributed 103,775 hours of volunteer 

service in their communities. Our 2019 

community investment reporting is assured 

by Deloitte LLP. Further information and 

Deloitte’s assurance statement can be 

found on the Prudential plc website.

We take an active approach in helping tackle environmental 

and social challenges. Our strong contribution, harnessing 

the commitment of our people, continues to improve lives 

and build communities, wherever we work.

Supporting our 

communities


prudentialplc.com 

Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

29

2019 highlights

Cha-Ching – the first global financial 

education programme 

Developed by Prudential to address the 

gap in financial literacy, Cha-Ching is 

a global financial education and 

responsibility programme for children 

aged from seven to 12. Now in its ninth 

year, the programme has expanded from 

its origins in Asia to the US and Africa. 

It has been very positively received in 

all markets, with strong feedback from 

parents, teachers, children and 

government stakeholders. For more 

information on Cha-Ching in the US, 

please see the case study on page 31. 

In Asia, the programme reaches over 

34 million households a day through a 

multi-distribution platform including 

Cartoon Network Asia, and through its 

own standardised curriculum and school 

contact programme, which has reached 

more than 700,000 children since launch, 

with more than 8,000 teachers trained. 

The curriculum, developed in partnership 

with Junior Achievement (JA), was rolled 

out to over 200,000 students in 2019 

across Indonesia, the Philippines, Malaysia, 

Thailand, Vietnam, Taiwan and Cambodia.

Since launching in Africa in 2017, 

the Cha-Ching curriculum has been 

implemented by JA Africa in Ghana, Kenya, 

Zambia and Uganda, and is supported by 

Prudential volunteers. In 2019, Prudential 

Zambia partnered with the Securities 

and Exchange Commission and Junior 

Achievement Zambia to roll out the 

Cha-Ching curriculum programme 

to schools, reaching 5,000 students.

Safe Steps

Safe Steps is a ground-breaking Asia and 

Africa public service programme aimed 

at enhancing awareness about natural 

disasters, road safety and first aid through 

the dissemination of survival tips. The 

programme was created and developed by 

the Prudence Foundation. Principal partners 

involved in the programme’s development 

and continuing to support its roll-out are 

National Geographic, the International 

Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent 

Societies (IFRC) and the Federation 

Internationale de l’Automobile (FIA).

Safe Steps is a long-term education 

programme that uses multiple platforms, 

including on-air video messages, an 

informative website and educational 

collateral that can be shared among 

communities. At its core are one-minute 

videos providing simple messages on 

how to be prepared and stay safe in 

natural disasters (launched in 2014), 

road safety (2016) and first aid (2017). 

The programme continues to reach an 

estimated 250 million people every day 

across Asia through partnerships with 

government, humanitarian and private 

sector organisations. 

Building on the success of Safe Steps, 

in 2019 the Prudence Foundation launched 

Safe Steps Kids, leveraging well known 

cartoon characters from the Cartoon 

Network to equip millions of children 

with actionable information to protect 

themselves and others in the event of 

emergencies or disaster situations. 

Safe Steps Kids comprises 12 public service 

announcement videos addressing the 

same topics as Safe Steps, accompanied by 

education materials and an online platform 

to reach as many children as possible. 

The information reaches over 34 million 

households across Asia every day. 

Safe Steps Kids materials have also been 

used in partnership with national Red Cross 

organisations in Indonesia, Malaysia and 

Singapore, where first aid training for 

schoolchildren has been implemented by 

Red Cross and Prudential staff volunteers. 

In 2019, the Prudence Foundation also 

launched Safe Steps Road Safety Africa, 

with international footballer Didier Drogba 

as Ambassador, and in partnership with the 

Didier Drogba Foundation, the FIA and the 

IFRC. The programme was launched in Côte 

d’Ivoire in October and will be expanded 

into other African markets in 2020.

Safe Schools 

During 2019, the Prudence Foundation 

continued to support the Safe Schools 

programme in partnership with Plan 

International and Save the Children in 

Cambodia, the Philippines and Thailand. 

This programme primarily focuses on 

disaster preparedness for students, 

teachers and local community members. 

Since 2013, almost 90,000 students and 

43,000 adults have participated in the 

Safe Schools programme.

In 2018, the Foundation formed a new 

partnership with Save the Children and 

the Philippines’ Department of Education 

to implement an innovative nationwide-

focused programme. In 2019, the three-

year programme was on track to develop 

a disaster risk reduction management 

information system, together with training 

and capacity-building of teachers and local 

government officials. During the year, the 

Foundation also renewed its partnership 

with Plan International to continue to scale 

up its efforts in Cambodia, the Philippines 

and Thailand. 

Early childhood development

The Prudence Foundation has supported 

the First Read programme since 2013, 

partnering with Save the Children to invest 

in early childhood care and development 

in Cambodia and the Philippines. 

First Read helps parents to develop their 

children’s numeracy and literacy skills 

by providing books in the local language 

or dialect, and encouraging them to read, 

sing and count together. It also helps 

parents understand the importance 

of healthy and nutritious food for their 

children’s development. 

Since 2013, more than 330,000 children 

and their parents have benefited through 

this home-based early childhood 

development programme, while over 

1 million people have benefited indirectly 

through shared knowledge and resources 

developed from First Read. 

Since 2018, Prudence Foundation has 

also partnered with China Development 

Research Foundation on two early 

childhood development programmes, 

one focusing on rural education and 

children’s health and the other on nutrition 

improvement. The programmes were 

aligned with the strategic development 

focus of the Chinese government and 

were rolled out in rural China. 


Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

prudentialplc.com

30



Supporting our communities continued

Jackson Career Exploration Centre

In partnership with Junior Achievement 

of Middle Tennessee, Jackson has 

underwritten the Jackson Career 

Exploration Centre in JA Finance Park. 

This state-of-the-art programme serves 

seventh to 12th-grade students across 

Middle Tennessee. JA Finance Park 

combines hands-on classroom activities 

with a real-world simulation, which allows 

students to put their money-management 

skills to the test, giving students a solid 

foundation for making intelligent personal 

finance decisions throughout their lives. 

The career exploration centre boasts an 

interactive module where students can 

explore different career paths, the 

education required and the earning 

potential for their career aspirations. 

The new programme will host 10,000 

students each school year, serving 22 

counties in the region. Jackson and more 

than 200 associates contributed more 

than US$150,000 toward the project. 

Prudential RideLondon 

Prudential RideLondon is a major 

mass-participation and charity fundraising 

event in the UK which has raised more 

than £77.5 million for charity in the last 

seven years. In 2019 it raised more than 

£11.5 million for over 980 charities. 

Prudential has sponsored the event since 

its inception in 2013, and in 2019 our 

community engagement partnership, 

PruGOals, supported 273 young people 

from 21 schools across the UK to improve 

their self-esteem, aspiration and 

educational outcomes. This programme, 

developed in partnership with Teach First, 

Greenhouse Sports, The Transformation 

Trust and Dame Kelly Holmes Trust, 

focused on providing opportunities for 

young people to develop new skills and 

build resilience and greater aspiration 

with a challenging but achievable goal. 

The success of Prudential RideLondon, with 

its focus on encouraging a healthy lifestyle 

for all ages and abilities, has inspired similar 

events in many of our other markets in Asia 

and Africa. Our business in the Philippines 

continued with its PRURide event, which 

has become the largest cycling festival in 

the country, with more than 2,000 riders 

participating. In March the inaugural 

PRURide Six Day Hong Kong festival 

included family, community and fundraising 

events. In September, PRURide Lusaka saw 

585 cyclists set off for a 97.7-kilometre ride 

through the city on closed roads in aid of 

charity, the first event of its kind in Zambia. 

In Ghana, 200 riders took part in the first 

PRURide Accra in November to promote 

the benefits of cycling and a healthier 

lifestyle; and in December, PRURide 

Indonesia combined professional and 

amateur rides with a two-day family festival.

Volunteering across the globe

Many of our employees play an active role 

in their communities through volunteering, 

charitable donations and fundraising. 

Chairman’s Challenge is our flagship 

international volunteering programme, 

bringing people together across the Group 

to help their communities. Colleagues 

give their time and skills to support our 

global charity partners, including Junior 

Achievement, Plan International and 

Help Age International. The programme 

continues to appeal to colleagues, with 

over 5,400 signing up to participate across 

21 projects. Each volunteering project 

focuses on one or more of our community 

priorities and enables us to support 

both large, well established charities 

and innovative, smaller-scale activities 

with volunteers and financial support. 

Prudential donates £150 to our charity 

partners for every employee who registers 

for the programme. Charity partners use 

this money to fund charitable projects for 

Prudential volunteers.





Disaster Tech Innovation Programme

In 2019, the Prudence Foundation 

developed and launched a new 

programme called the Disaster Tech 

Innovation Programme in partnership 

with the Asia Venture Philanthropy 

Network (AVPN). The programme 

raises awareness of innovative and 

viable technology solutions that protect 

and save lives before, during and after 

natural disasters. 

Participating organisations competed 

for grants from a pool of US$150,000 to 

support the implementation and scaling 

up of their solutions. The finalists were 

also given the opportunity to showcase 

their solutions at the annual AVPN 

Conference in Singapore in June 2019, 

the largest gathering of social impact 

funders and resource providers in Asia.

FieldSight took home the first prize 

for its mobile platform, which supports 

disaster reconstruction activities. 

The runners-up were SeismicAI, with 

an AI-powered early warning system 

that detects seismic activity within 

two seconds, and PetaBencana.id, 

whose web-based platform produces 

megacity-scale visualisations of 

disasters, leveraging social media 

to crowd-source data for real-time 

reporting to assist the government. 


prudentialplc.com 

Prudential plc Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2019 

31



As well as volunteering on behalf of the 

Chairman’s Challenge, employees around 

the Group volunteered on a huge range of 

other charitable projects, from providing 

disaster relief to mentoring schoolchildren, 

supporting the elderly and skills-sharing. 

We recognise that employee volunteering 

brings benefits not only to the charities 

but also to the development of our people, 

and we actively encourage colleagues 

to participate.

Since 2009, Prudence Foundation has 

been implementing Asia-wide volunteering 

programmes that support communities 

in need and also those involved in disaster 

recovery. In March 2019, over 50 

volunteers from across the region spent 

one week in Lombok, Indonesia to assist 

with disaster recovery efforts after a series 

of earthquakes devastated the region in 

2018. The disasters left more than 400 

people dead and hundreds of thousands 

homeless, and destroyed public facilities 

and infrastructure. Prudential volunteers 

worked alongside the Posko Jenggala 

Humanitarian Movement Foundation in 

Gumantar Village to help build over 100 

houses and public facilities, including 

two early childhood education centres.

In the US, Jackson continues to support 

charities through volunteering programmes 

in its local communities in Lansing, 

Michigan; Nashville, Tennessee; and 

Chicago, Illinois. As part of Jackson’s 

ongoing efforts to support the Boys &amp; Girls 

Club of Lansing, associates volunteered 

throughout the school year to help 

strengthen students’ education in maths 

and financial literacy. Jackson associates 

in Lansing also raised nearly US$87,000 

on behalf of five charities in the greater 

Lansing area through their sixth annual 

IT charity golf outing. In May, over 300 

associates participated to benefit Big 

Brothers Big Sisters of the Capital Area, 

Ele’s Place, Boys and Girls Club of Lansing, 

Mother Teresa House and the Alzheimer’s 

Association of Greater Michigan. 

In Nashville, associates participated in the 

Bowl for Kids’ Sake fundraiser supporting 

Big Brothers Big Sisters of Middle 

Tennessee, raising more than US$44,500. 

In Chicago, more than 300 associates 

participated in an eight-week ongoing 

summer volunteer service project with 

Sweet Water Foundation to create safe 

and inspiring spaces that foster healthy, 

intergenerational communities. 

Our Chicago associates also supported 

the Special Olympics of Chicago, raising 

more than US$133,000 through a variety 

of fundraising activities, including 72 

associates taking part in the ‘Annual 

Polar Plunge’ at North Avenue Beach 

on Lake Michigan.

In total in 2019, more than 1,750 

Jackson associates volunteered in their 

local communities, donating nearly 

49,000 hours.





Jackson Charitable Foundation

In the US, the Jackson Foundation’s 

expansion of Cha-Ching hit a 

significant milestone, reaching more 

than 4.8 million students since launch. 

In partnership with Discovery 

Education and Junior Achievement 

USA, students can engage with 

Cha-Ching characters and their 

financial lessons in the classroom, after 

school or with their parents. Discovery 

Education has created classroom 

activities, educator guides and family 

activities to go with each Cha-Ching 

episode. Through their vast network 

of Discovery Educators and the annual 

Money-Smart Kids Pledge Challenge, 

the resources are distributed to 

educators across the country.

In the 2018-2019 school year, 

Cha-Ching was fully integrated into 

JA’s third grade curriculum, JA Our City. 

The curriculum is composed of 

five sessions, developing students’ 

understanding of the choices people 

make with money. JA Our City 

featuring Cha-Ching has now reached 

more than 1 million students, and an 

assessment found a positive impact 

on student understanding of key 

learning objectives.

The Jackson Foundation also sponsored 

Ramsey Education’s Foundations in 

Personal Finance curriculum for 500 

high schools (2018: 250 schools) for 

the 2019-2020 school year, at no cost 

to the schools. Since this partnership 

began in 2018, the Foundation has 

committed US$1.6 million toward 

financial education for high school 

students across the country, reaching 

60,000 students in total.


Prudential public limited company

Incorporated and registered  

in England and Wales

Registered office

1 Angel Court

London

EC2R 7AG

Registered number 1397169

www.prudentialplc.com

Prudential plc is a holding company, 

some of whose subsidiaries are authorised 

and regulated, as applicable, by the 

Hong Kong Insurance Authority and 

other regulatory authorities.

Principal place of business  

in Hong Kong

13th Floor

One International Finance Centre

1 Harbour View Street

Central

Hong Kong

Prudential plc is not affiliated in any manner with 

Prudential Financial, Inc., a company whose principal place 

of business is in the United States of America, or with 

the Prudential Assurance Company, a subsidiary of 

M&amp;G plc, a company incorporated in the United Kingdom.

