
 

 

 

 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2020 

Q &amp; M Dental Group (Singapore) Limited 


 

 

1 

 





 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

CONTENTS 

Letter from Chairman 

 

 

 

 

01 

About This Report  

 

 

 

 

03 

Business in Brief  

 

 

 

 

04 

Sustainability Governance at Q &amp; M 

 

 

10 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

 

 

11 

Materiality Assessment  

 

 

 

13 

Anti-Corruption 

 

 

 

 

 

14 

Our Environmental Footprint 

 

 

 

15 

Human Capital 

 

 

 

 

 

20 

Local Communities 

 

 

 

 

28 

Innovation in Dentistry 

 

 

 

 

30 

Our Patients, Our Approach 

 

 

 

31 

GRI Content Index  

 

 

 

 

33 


 

LETTER FROM CHAIRMAN 

1 

 

Dear Valued Stakeholders,  

 

2020 was an eventful year. COVID-19 brought into 

focus the importance of sustainability, and we 

took this opportunity to transform and to emerge 

stronger despite the challenging climate. Our 

commitment 

towards 

sustainable 

business 

practices remains constant and we continue to 

drive sustainable growth through a focus on key 

areas surrounding Environmental, Social and 

Governance (“ESG”) factors.  

 

On behalf of the Board of Directors of Q &amp; M Dental Group (Singapore) Limited (the “Board”), 

I am pleased to present our fourth sustainability report which sets out our sustainability 

principles and initiatives. At Q &amp; M Dental Group (Singapore) Limited and its subsidiaries (the 

“Group”, “we”, “our” or “Q &amp; M”), we have incorporated key tenets of sustainability 

surrounding environment, social and governance aspects into our strategic business plan and 

how we conduct our business.  

 

Quality, Innovation and Progress 

As the leading private dental healthcare organisation in Asia, we place great emphasis in 

improving the quality of dental healthcare and in developing a resilient and sustainable future 

for our Group within this industry. In support of this, we have aligned our business practices 

to sustainable goals such as the development of artificial intelligence (“AI”) to improve data 

diagnosis and automate processes as well as building the pipeline of dental surgery assistants 

through a Place and Train Programme supported by Workforce Singapore.  

 

COVID-19 

It is important to be adaptable to the increased volatility and corporate landscape particularly 

during COVID-19 pandemic. Our first priority was the safety of all patients and employees and 

we had implemented tighter access and strict infection control protocols in accordance with 

and even above and beyond government advisories and regulations in both medical clinics 

and dental clinics.  

 

Next, it is important for us to step up and do our part by providing an essential capability to 

Singapore in its fight against COVID-19. Hence, we have entered into a joint venture 

agreement with Dr Ong Siew Hwa, Ms Zeng WeiYi, and Acumen Holdings for the formation of 

Acumen Diagnostics Pte. Ltd. in April 2020, which allows us to provide availability of good 

quality performing test kits for Singapore.   

 

Besides delivering the safe and quality dental healthcare services and supporting Singapore 

in its fight against COVID-19, we believe in supporting our front-line healthcare workers as 

well as our community in Singapore through donation of surgical masks and volunteering to 

administer swab tests at various factory converted foreign worker dormitories and quarantine 

facilities.  

 

 




 

LETTER FROM CHAIRMAN 

2 

 

Appreciation 

On behalf of our Group, we would like to extend our deepest gratitude and sincere 

appreciation to our stakeholders who have been with us throughout the sustainability journey 

especially during the COVID-19 pandemic. To express our appreciation towards the support 

from our stakeholders, our Group aspires to deliver regular dividends from now onwards 

whenever possible. We believe that there is much to look forward to in the near future and 

we will emerge from this crisis ready and stronger. 

 

 

Mr Narayanan Sreenivasan @ N Sreenivasan 

Independent Non-Executive Chairman 

 


 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

3 

 

Our report has been prepared in accordance with the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (“SGX-ST”) Mainboard Listing Rule 711A and 711B and the Global Reporting Initiative 

(“GRI”) Standards Sustainability Reporting Guidelines 2016 - Core Option and its reporting 

principles.  

 

GRI standards continues to be the sustainability reporting framework of choice as it is 

internationally recognised and widely adopted, enabling us to provide a broad and 

comparable disclosure of the ESG performance. In our fourth report, we continue to discuss 

and explore our Group’s achievements and performance towards the ESG and economic goals. 

 

We have not sought external assurance for this reporting period and will consider this as our 

reporting matures over time.  

 

In line with environmentally friendly practices, we will not be printing this report and an 

electronic copy of this report is available for download from our website: 

www.QandMDental.com.sg.  

 

 

 

 

Reporting Boundaries and Standards

•Materiality: Focusing 

on issues that impact 

business growth and 

are utmost 

importance to 

stakeholders

•Stakeholder 

Inclusiveness: 

Responding to 

stakeholder 

expectation

•Sustainability 

Context: Presenting 

performance in the 

wider context of 

sustainability

•Completeness: 

Including all 

information that is of 

significant economic, 

environment and 

social impact to 

enable stakeholders to 

assess our Group's 

performance



Reporting Period and Scope

•This report covers data 

and information from 

1 January 2020 to 31 

December 2020 

(“FY2020”) across 117 

dental outlets, 5 

medical clinics, 2 

dental supplies and 

equipment distribution 

companies, 1 dental 

laboratory and 1 

COVID-19 test 

laboratory across 

Singapore, Malaysia 

and the People’s 

Republic of China 

(“PRC”).



Accessibility and Feedback

•We welcome and 

value your feedback 

on this report, any 

aspect of our 

sustainability 

performance and 

possible areas of 

improvement at 

QandM@QandM.com.

sg.




 

BUSINESS IN BRIEF 

4 

 

About Q &amp; M 

 

Q &amp; M DENTAL GROUP 

Established in 1996 and listed on the mainboard of Singapore stock exchange since 2009, Q 

&amp; M is a leading private dental healthcare group in Asia with an extensive number of private 

dental clinics in Singapore.  

 

Today, we continue to expand our network organically in Singapore, Malaysia, and PRC as 

well as focusing on the clinical laboratory testing services for COVID-19 in Singapore and 

manufacturing, sale and distribution of diagnostic test kits for COVID-19 in Singapore and 

overseas through Acumen Diagnostics Pte Ltd (“Acumen”). 

 

Acumen had obtained the Healthcare Institution License issued by the Ministry of Health in 

September 2020 to offer clinical laboratory testing services for COVID-19, and had 

contributed in Singapore’s national efforts in COVID-19 testing and contact tracing. Acumen’s 

proprietary SARS CoV-2 RT-PCR test kit, Acu-Corona® 2.0, which has received Singapore 

Health Sciences Authority’s (HSA) Provisional Authorisation for clinical use in March 2020, are 

used in several countries including Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia, contributing to the 

COVID-19 testing in these countries. 

FY2020 Numbers for Q &amp; M Dental Group 

 

  83     5 

Dental Clinics    Medical Clinics 

 

 

 

34 

Dental Clinics 

 

 

 

 

1 

Dental Clinic 

 

 

 

1        1 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1      1 

Singapore         Malaysia 

Distribution of Dental Equipment and Supplies 

 

1 

Dental College 

 

 

230      432 

                                                      Clinical and  

            Dentists             Administrative Personnel 

 

 

52       130 

                                                     Clinical and  

           Dentists          Administrative Personnel 

















COVID-19 Testing 

Laboratory  

Dental 

Laboratory  


 

BUSINESS IN BRIEF 

5 

 

Subsidiaries and Associate 

 

 

 

 

 

Organisation Chart - Board 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Subsidiaries

Acumen 

Diagnostics Pte 

Ltd (51%)

EM2AI Pte Ltd 

(100%)

Associate

Aoxin Q &amp; M 

Dental Group 

Limited (43%)

Board Of Directors

Audit Committee

Nominating 

Committee

Remuneration 

Committee

SINGAPORE 

As at 31 December 2020, our Group has 83 outlets, which included the 5 new dental clinics located at 

River Valley, Ang Mo Kio, Sembawang Way, Geylang and Woodland Square. With the tremendous 

support of more than 230 experienced dentists and nearly 400 clinical and administrative staff, we can 

reach out to more than 600,000 patients within Singapore.  

 

MALAYSIA 

Our Group currently has 34 clinics across the Malaysia, including 3 newly opened dental clinics in 

Tangkak, Yong Peng and Masai which are handled by the devoted team of 52 dentists and 130 clinical 

and administrative staff to provide quality services across various states including Johor, Kuala Lumpur, 

Selangor and Malacca. 

 


 

BUSINESS IN BRIEF 

6 

 

OUR VISION 

To be the leading private Healthcare Group in the Region 

 

 

OUR MISSION 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

OUR PHILOSOPHY 

Confucian philosophy of 修身齐家治国平天下 

 

 

OUR CORE VALUES 

 

修身 

Improving oneself 

齐家 

Unity and alignment of the Q &amp; M family 

治国 

Corporate and stakeholders’ interests are aligned 

平天下 

Everyone is well-treated 

 

 

 

Dentists' Perspective

•修身 - To upgrade the 

clinical skillsets and 

provide consistent 

treatment through 

Artificial Intelligence 

technology

•齐家 - Work with nurses 

as a team to manage 

business units

•治国 - Follow 

management's instruction 

and comply with 

guidelines by Ministry of 

Health and SGX

•平天下 - Provide ethical 

treatment plan to patients

Nurses' Perspective

•修身 - Keep abreast with 

technical knowledge to 

assist dentists

•齐家 - Respect colleague 

and help each other during 

work

•治国 - Follow 

management's guidelines

•平天下 - Assist dentists 

during work

Business Administrators' 

Perspective

•修身 - Strives for 

knowledge, continual 

improvement, and 

excellence

•齐家 - Unity and 

alignment of the Q &amp; M 

family

•治国 - Comply with the 

rules and regulations set 

out by the relevant 

authorities as well as our 

Group’s internal protocols

•平天下 - Building the Q &amp; 

M brand with quality, 

excellence, and value

ETHICAL 

ACCESSIBLE 

SUSTAINABILITY 

EXCEPTIONAL 

QUALITY 


 

BUSINESS IN BRIEF 

7 

 

Managing Our Supply Chain 

Amidst the COVID-19 pandemic which has brought an unprecedented impact on the global supply 

chain, we strive to ensure a sustainable supply chain through maintaining relationships with our 

reputable suppliers and partners to respond swiftly to our shared challenges. In managing our supply 

chain, we are focusing on 3 main areas: 

 

FOCUS AREA #1: SUSTAINABLE SOURCES 

 

We are committed to identifying sustainable sources for our key material categories. During the 

beginning of COVID-19 outbreak from January to March 2020, we experienced severe disruption in 

the supply of personal protective equipment, especially for healthcare grade masks. With our wide 

range of suppliers available, we managed to procure from alternative suppliers across various 

geographical regions. Our Group has our own dental equipment and supplies distribution company, 

Quantumleap Healthcare Pte Ltd (“Quantumleap”) which has engaged several local and overseas 

suppliers to ensure sustainable sources. 

 

In FY2020, Quantumleap has entered into long-term distribution agreements with The Straumann 

Group from Switzerland and Osteopore International Pte Ltd from Singapore for supplies of dental 

equipment. Currently, our Group has 36 suppliers from Germany, Italy, Switzerland Japan, USA, 

Denmark, Malaysia, China, France and Norway, and 4 suppliers in Singapore to support our supply 

chain. 

 

FOCUS AREA #2: SUPPLY CHAIN ASSURANCE 

 

We ensure that our suppliers are assessed by management in accordance with the guiding principles 

established in our Group procurement policies. This includes our Group’s stringent selection and 

evaluation criteria on a periodic basis to ensure that their performance align with our policies.  

 

FOCUS AREA #3: ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT 

 

As part of our continuous engagement with our network of suppliers, we encourage them to have 

greater involvement in environmentally friendly practices and we have communicated that it is 

mandatory that our preferred suppliers are registered with relevant local regulatory body and abide 

by established ethical guidelines. 

 

 

 


 

BUSINESS IN BRIEF 

8 

 

Awards and Accolades 

Our professional team is committed to deliver patient’s satisfaction by providing the best services that 

match our patient’s needs. In our endeavour to provide effective and suitable treatment plans, we are 

proud to be the recipient of several certifications and accolades even during the hard times amidst 

the pandemic. Each of these achievements recognises our team’s commitment to excellence.  

 

During the year, our Group was conferred the following recognition: 

 

 

 

 

 

President's Volunteerism &amp; Philanthropy Awards 

2020 (Organisations of Good) by City of Good 

 Invisalign’s Black Diamond Provider 2020 

 

 

 

 

 






 

BUSINESS IN BRIEF 

9 

 

Membership of Association 

Our Group and staff are members of the following organisations and associations:  

 

 

OTHER KEY MEMBERSHIPS 

Singapore-Liaoning Economic and Trade Council 

Chartered Public Accountants (Australia) 

Singapore-Shandong Economic and Trade Council Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants 

Guangzhou Singapore Business Council 

Association of Chartered Certified Accountants 

(UK) 

Sichuan Singapore Business Council 

Singapore Institute of Directors 

Society of Endodontists Singapore 

Singapore Business Federation 

Association of Oral &amp; Maxillofacial Surgeons 

Singapore 

Singapore Chinese Chamber of Commerce &amp; 

Industry 

 

 



Singapore Dental 

Association



Singapore Medical 

Association



Pharmaceutical Society of 

Singapore



Association of 

Orthodontists Singapore



Singapore Dental Council 

(Elected members &amp; 

Continuing Professional 

Education Committee)



Prosthodontic Society 

Singapore



Society of Periodontology 

Singapore


 

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE AT Q &amp; M 

10 

 

 

With the support of the Board, Sustainability 

Taskforce 

(“Taskforce”) 

is 

dedicated 

to 

upholding the highest standards of corporate 

governance, professional business conduct, 

integrity and commitment across all levels of 

our organisation and thus enhancing long-term 

value for our stakeholders.  

 

Under the lead of Group Chief Operating 

Officer, 

our 

Sustainability 

Taskforce 

(“Taskforce”), comprising of more than 20 

representatives from Singapore and Malaysia 

business units, will continue to oversee the 

development 

and 

implementation 

of 

organisation-wide sustainability strategy along 

with the relevance material economic and ESG 

topics. The Taskforce will continue to provide 

updates to the Board on an annual basis.  

 

Our Group adheres to the principles and 

guidelines 

of 

the 

Code 

of 

Corporate 

Governance 2018. The management also 

monitors the changes and updates on other 

regulations, notices, circulars, and guidelines 

that may be released by the SGX-ST from time 

to time and seek regulatory guidance where 

necessary. 

Policies and procedures on conflict of interest 

and Code of Conduct are established and 

communicated to all employees. All employees 

are required to comply with the code of 

conduct and perform work in a responsible and 

professional manner. We have a “zero 

tolerance” approach towards corrupt and 

dishonest practices or acts of bribery to obtain 

an unfair advantage and our employees are 

expected to report any concerns or unethical 

behaviour according to the procedures laid out 

in the anti-corruption and conflict of interest 

policies. 

 

The 

combination 

of 

sound 

corporate 

governance and ethical business conduct is 

fundamental to the achievement of our 

objectives to grow our business sustainably, 

enhancing stakeholders’ value and overall 

success of our Group. 

 

Moving forward, our Group will continue to 

maintain zero-reported malpractices through 

the strict upholding of honourable business 

practices and integrity business decisions. 

 

 

Board of Directors 

Sustainability Taskforce

Singapore 

Operations

Finance

Legal

Human Resource

Information 

Technology

Malaysia 

Operations

Finance

Legal 

Human Resource

Information 

Technology


 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

11 

 

Our Group engages the stakeholders through the following platforms on a 

regular and as-needed basis 

 

Stakeholder Group 

Key Topics 

Patients 

 

o Annual report 

o Service quality feedback 

o Customer loyalty program 

o Membership card 

o Treatment with artificial intelligence technology 

Dentists 

 

 

 

 

o Training conducted by Q &amp; M College of Dentistry and 

Q &amp; M Dental Institute 

o Engagement arrangement 

Dentists support team 

o Performance appraisal system 

o Training and skill upgrading 

o Job briefing 

o Staggered working hours 

Recruitment, retention and 

expansion team 

 

 

 

 

o Business expansion 

o Recruit doctors for clinic expansion 

Shareholders and investors 

 

o SGX half-yearly announcements 

o Annual reports 

o Investor relations management 

o Annual/Extraordinary general meeting 

Governments and Regulators 

 

 

 

 

o SGX half-yearly announcements 

o Annual reports 

o Sustainability reporting 

o Ongoing dialogue 

Community 

 

 

 

 

o Engagement in community services 

o Social media 

o Environmental concerns 

 

 
















 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

12 

 

Stakeholder Group 

Key Topics 

Suppliers 

 

 

 

 

o Supplier quality assurance 

o Pricing and payment terms  

Corporate Social Responsibility 

Committee 

 

 

 

 

 

o Volunteer to administer COVID-19 swab test 

o Mask and Personal Protection Equipment donation 

o School kits donated for underprivileged children 

o Provision of free wisdom tooth surgery for foreign 

domestic workers 

 

 

 

 






 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

13 

 

After gathering the feedback from our internal and external stakeholders, the Taskforce had re-

assessed the materiality of each topic which could have a significant economic, environmental and/or 

social impact to our business and stakeholders.  

 

Based on our annual assessment, matters reported in our previous sustainability report remained as 

our priorities and no additional topics were identified during the year. The following table summarises 

our list of relevant sustainability topics and ranking results. 

 

 

Sustainability Topics Discussed: 

 

Market Presence

Indirect Economic 

Impacts

Anti-Corruption

Energy

Water

Emission

Effluents and Waste

Environmental 

Compliance

EmploymentDiversity and Equal 

Opportunity

Occupational Health 

and Safety

Training and 

Education

Local Communities

Customer Health and 

Safety

Customer Privacy

Socioeconomic 

Compliance

INFLUENCE ON STAKEHOLDERS 

ASSESSMENT AND DECISIONS

SIGNIFICANCE OF ECONOMIC, ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL IMPACTS

•Market Presence

•Indirect Economic Impacts

•Anti-Corruption

Economic 



•Energy

•Water

•Emission

•Effluents and Waste

•Environmental Compliance

Environmental



•Employment

•Occupational Health and 

Safety

•Training and Education

•Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity

•Local Communities

•Customer Health and Safety

•Customer Privacy

•Socioeconomic Compliance

Social 




 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

14 

 

Anti-Corruption 

 

Anti-corruption remains a key component of our Group and we maintain a “zero tolerance” and strict 

stance against corruption, dishonesty and fraud. We strive to ensure all our employees comply with 

all the applicable regulations for prevention of corruption. The clear guidelines and procedures 

relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering were established, endorsed by the Audit 

Committee (“AC”) and approved by the Board.  

 

Our Group has designated a Legal Counsel who is also a compliance officer to oversee the 

implementation of the Prevention of Corruption policy established. In addition, under our Group’s 

Whistle Blowing Policy, employees, patients and suppliers are encouraged to report any suspicious or 

irregular behaviour they may encounter in the course of their work and interaction with Q &amp; M and 

its partners without the fear of reprisals. This is to encourage the reporting of such matters in good 

faith will be able to do so with confidence that they will be treated fairly, and to the furthest extent 

possible, be protected from reprisal. Concerns raised are channelled directly to the AC members. 

Should there be a substantiated case, disciplinary actions will be taken accordingly.  

 

In September 2020, our Group had discovered a case relating to the misappropriation of company’s 

funds which involved two employees from our Group’s clinics in Johor, Malaysia. A police report has 

been lodged immediately following the discovery of the incident and the investigation is still ongoing 

as at the date of report publication.  

 

Subsequent reporting for FY2021 

Moving forward, our Group seeks to do our utmost to achieve zero reported whistleblowing, 

dishonesty and fraud cases as our Taskforce continues to monitor compliance of our Group’s policy 

with the applicable laws and regulations on anti-corruption. In addition, we will be looking into 

conducting trainings for our employees to increase the awareness of the relevant channels available 

for their feedback and concerns. 

 

 


 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

15 

 

Our Environmental Footprint 

 

As we expand our global footprint, we continue to advocate the minimisation of environmental impact 

by conserving energy and water, and to increase recycling activities. We have implemented a 

framework consisting of 4 pillars to guide our Group.  

 

 

“Maximise efficiency, minimise costs, conserve resources” 

Following the 4 pillars, here are some of our Group’s green practices: 

 

 

Resource efficiency i.e. ensuring efficient resource usage through continuous monitoring and 

improvement on our environmental practices

Reduce, reuse and recycle, for e.g. disposing recyclable materials into the respective recycling 

bins

Pollution prevention i.e. proper disposal of clinical wastes and preventing spillage

Green procurement i.e. purchasing of materials that are eco-certified

• Select electrical appliances with high energy star ratings and with energy saving 

functions. For e.g. those with inverter technologies and standby modes. The National 

Environment Agency provides a directory of products that are registered with the Energy 

Labelling Scheme.

• Switch off lights and air-conditioners if rooms/areas are not in use.

• Select sustainable equipment whenever possible. Sustainable equipment is machinery 

that use lower amounts of energy or 3-tick rated by the National Environment Agency 

and/or registered with the Singapore Green Building Product Labelling Scheme or 

Singapore Green Labelling Scheme.



• Reduce printing of hard copies in day-to-day operations; transmission and 

communication of information to be done via soft copies instead.




 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

16 

 

 

 

 

 

• Select water efficient equipment and fittings. In Singapore, water efficient fittings are 

rated under the Water Efficiency Labelling Scheme.



• Select sustainable materials whenever possible. Sustainable materials are those that use 

recycled materials in their manufacturing process or are produced in a manner that 

conserves resources such as water/power.

• While procuring products that may release man-made Volatile Organic Compounds 

(VOC) that are harmful to the environment, select products that have been certified low 

or without VOC whenever possible. For e.g. paints, adhesives, sealants, surface finishes, 

carpets and floorings.




 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

17 

 

Energy and Emission  

 

In line with our Framework and 4 pillars, we have established an Environmental Policy which 

underlines our commitment towards environmental sustainability and importance of our role in 

minimising our environmental footprint.  

 

In FY2020, we have consumed a total of approximately 1,626,127 kWh and 454,538 kWh of electrical 

energy in Singapore and Malaysia respectively. This represented approximately 3% and 30% of 

increase in energy consumption compared to the previous year which was mainly attributable to the 

expansion of dental clinics in both Singapore and Malaysia. Nevertheless, to achieve environmental 

sustainability, we are committed to monitor and reduce our carbon footprint by applying energy-

saving facilities and adopting eco-friendly practices by implemented numerous initiatives being:   

 

• 

Replace custom-made furniture &amp; fittings with movable ones so that the latter can be easily 

recycled/reused at other locations  

• 

Set air conditioner temperature at 24◦C or higher.  

• 

Switch off all electrical appliances after operating hours. 

• 

Regular maintenance of service equipment to ensure maximum efficiency. 

• 

Switch off lights and air-conditioners if rooms/areas are not in use 

 

 

 

 

 

 

0

500000

1000000

1500000

2000000

2500000

FY2019

FY2020

Energy Consumption 

(kWh)

Singapore

Malaysia

0

50

100

150

200

250

300

FY2019

FY2020

Energy Intensity Ratio 

(kWh/m²)

Singapore

Malaysia


 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

18 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Conserving Water 

 

Water is a natural resource that we highly value and use with the utmost efficiency. Q &amp; M’s water 

consumption in FY2020 has decreased by 16% in Singapore as a result of water conservation initiatives 

that our Group has put in place while clinics in Malaysia have recorded an increase of 52% in water 

consumption during the financial year which was mainly due to the opening of the new dental clinics 

within the year. Nonetheless, our Group will continue to improve the water conservation through 

various initiatives to conserve water and reduce water consumption across all its operating entities 

within our Group. For instance: 

• 

Installation of thimbles in taps 

• 

Installation of half-flush and full-flush options in toilets 

• 

Report of all leaks 

• 

Provision of fresh drinking water as an alternative to bottled water 

• 

Cultivate “drink only what you can finish” culture  

• 

Implementation of water conservation guidelines  

 

 

 

 

Subsequent reporting for FY2021 

Moving forward, we will continue to identify new initiatives for energy saving and water conservation 

and communicate our goals to the employees of our Group. We will continue to look for new initiatives 

such as obtain Eco-Shop certification across all clinics and source for environmentally-friendly dental 

consumables. 

 

 

0

5000

10000

15000

20000

25000

FY2019

FY2020

Water Consumption 

(m³)

Singapore

Malaysia

0

0.5

1

1.5

2

2.5

3

FY2019

FY2020

Water Intensity Ratio 

(m³/m²)

Singapore

Malaysia


 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

19 

 

Effluents and Waste Management and Environmental Compliance 

 

As a dental group with a combined total of more than hundred clinics across Singapore and Malaysia, 

we handle different types of clinical waste daily and it is important that our waste management 

process is conducted under a safe and sustainable manner. In our move towards digital dentistry, 

hazardous waste produced from analog x-rays will no longer be relevant to us. The types of clinical 

waste which are handled by our Group are as follows: 

 

 

 

In addition to waste disposal management, we strive to manage the waste generated from our daily 

operation by using digital impression instead of traditional alginate and silicone impression material 

which generate lesser and environment-friendly waste materials. 

 

We engage licensed waste disposal suppliers who are on NEA’s approved list of medical waste 

contractors to collect and dispose sharps and biohazardous waste and ensure that these suppliers 

adhere to requirements stated in the Private Hospital and Medical Clinics Act by the Ministry of Health.  

 

For Malaysia operations, we ensure compliance with the requirements stated in the regulatory 

guidelines on effluents and waste management procedures. Other than engaging waste management 

service from licensed suppliers, refrigerated storage areas/units were installed at all new clinics to 

store the clinical waste safely prior to collection for disposal.  

 

As at 31 December 2020, our Group has yet to implement tracking mechanism to measure the 

quantity of clinical waste disposed. However, the suppliers we engaged have a proper system in place 

to collate data on the amount of waste collected for analysis and we will ensure all the defective 

ionising radiation irradiating apparatus are properly returned to the equipment supplier/distributor 

for proper disposal.  

 

In FY2020, we are pleased to announce that there was no reported non-compliance with regulations 

relating to disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous waste.  

 

Subsequent reporting for FY2021 

Moving forward, we will continue to monitor the efficiency of clinical waste disposal and look for more 

sustainable alternatives. We also strive to ensure that our suppliers continue to perform and deliver 

services that are in line with our expectations and criteria. 

 

 

Types of 

Clinical Waste

Amalgam

Disinfectants

Old dental 

crowns


 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

20 

 

Human Capital 

 

Employment Practices 

WORKFORCE BY GENDER IN SINGAPORE AND MALAYSIA 

 

 

Singapore 

 

 

 

125 

453  

 

 

Malaysia 

 

32   

103 

 

With a total staff strength of 713 employees across Singapore and Malaysia, our people are one of the 

key factors to our success as a Group. We are committed towards a fair and inclusive workplace that 

supports local employment in Singapore and Malaysia. In keeping with our organisational values of 

promoting an inclusive culture, we continue to adopt the five principles of Singapore’s Tripartite 

Alliance for Fair and Progressive Employment Practices (TAFEP) and all relevant law and regulations in 

the countries we operate in.  

As we promote equal opportunities and a fair working environment, our Group has adopted an 

employment policy and management principles that includes employee recruitment and selection, 

remuneration and employee benefits, performance appraisals, career training and development and 

cessation of employment. In addition, employee handbook is available to all employees for clearer 

understanding and transparency towards our Group practice. 

Benefits are an important part of a staff’s compensation package. We offer a benefits package with 

choice and flexibility to meet the needs of all eligible staff and their family members. 

 

 


 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

21 

 

Full time staff benefits 

 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity  

We advocate equal opportunities for recruitment and career progression through meritocracy which 

allows judgement on employees solely based on their efforts, skills, abilities, and performance, 

regardless of gender, race, class, nationality, or sexual orientation. All employees will undergo an 

annual performance appraisal with their reporting supervisor to review their performance and gather 

feedback. To ensure effective performance appraisal, we have included key performance indicators 

such as job skills, communication skills, initiative, teamwork, integrity, loyalty, and attributes to help 

with the assessment. This also allows a two-way communication on the performance, improvements 

to be made as well as the target setting for the upcoming year. Additionally, this also allows the 

management to identify suitable candidates for career progression within our Group. 

 

Our recruitment process and performance appraisal are fair and just. We do not discriminate against 

race, age, gender, religion or nationality and always hire and promote staff based on aptitude. We 

have in place a Human Resource Policy which guides our employment practices through performance-

based measures of evaluation and compensation based on the job performances. 

 

We value and take our employees’ feedback into consideration to make Q &amp; M a better place to work. 

Therefore, we promote an inclusive workplace culture through various communication channels 

between employees and senior management to better understand the areas we need to improve on.  

 

In FY 2020, there were a total of 77 temporary employees out of total 713 employees. As part of the 

fair working environment practice, we ensure that our temporary employees are treated in 

accordance with salary practices in the region we operate in.  

 

During the year, there was a total of 10 female and 4 male employees entitled to parental leave for 

our employees in the regions we operate and the total retention rate for employees who had utilised 

their parental leave was 70% and 50% for female and male employees respectively. 

 

 

•Employees are reimbursed for 

visits to General Medical 

Practitioners and Dental.

•Employees are covered under 

Hospitalisation and Surgical 

insurance.

•Dental benefits are also provided 

to the immediate family 

members of our employees.



Health

•Eligible staff is entitled to 

Maternity Leave, Paternity 

Leave, Shared Parental Leave, 

Childcare Leave, Extended 

Childcare Leave, Unpaid Infant 

Care Leave and Adoption Leave, 

where applicable.



Parental 

Leave

•Via tie-ups with a diverse group 

of merchants, our staff in 

Singapore are able to enjoy 

discounts and benefits from 

various retailers, food and 

beverage outlets, 

telecommunications companies, 

and health and wellness outlets.



Others


 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

22 

 

Parental Leave Disclosure 

Disclosure 

Male 

Female 

Total 

Number of team members entitled to parental leave 

4 

10 

14 

Number of team members who took parental leave 

4 

10 

14 

Number of team members who returned to work after 

parental leave ended 

2 

7 

9 

Number of team members who returned to work after 

parental leave ended and were still employed after 12 

months 

2 

7 

9 

Return to work rate (%) 

50% 

70% 

60% 

Retention rate (%) 

50% 

70% 

60% 

 

Employment by Category (Singapore) 

Category 

2019 

2020 

Male 

Female 

Male 

Female 

Clinic Assistant 

26 

214 

37 

295 

Executives - Assistant Managers, Supervisors 

13 

103 

22 

79 

Management - Managers &amp; above 

34 

46 

53 

60 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Subsequent reporting for FY2021 

Moving forward, we target to maintain our track record of zero incidents of reported discrimination 

and continue to maintain our culture of promoting diversity and equal opportunity. 

 

 

182

20

New Staff by 

Region in FY2020

Singapore

Malaysia

124

71

7

New Staff by Age 

Group in FY2020

30 and below

31 to 50

51 and above

142

60

New Staff by 

Gender in FY2020

Female

Male

89

12

Number of 

Resignees by 

Region in FY2020

Singapore

Malaysia

74

24

3

Number of 

Resignees by Age 

Group in FY2020

30 and below

31 to 50

51 and above

80

21

Number of 

Resignees by 

Gender in FY2020

Female

Male


 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

23 

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

 

Q &amp; M places great emphasis on our employees’ health and safety and ensuring a safe and conducive 

working environment for them is key to creating a more productive team which will in turn enhance 

our services and allow our patients to have a peace of mind while enjoying our facilities and services. 

 

Q &amp; M is committed to monitor and comply with government regulations in every jurisdiction which 

we operate in. We are subjected to government inspections at the countries we have operations in 

and adhere to the country’s healthcare safety standards stipulated by the relevant authority. This 

includes Workplace Safety and Health Act by the Ministry of Manpower; Radiation Protection Act by 

the National Environment Agency; Guidelines for Prevention of Transmission of Blood Borne Infections; 

and various guidelines set out by the Ministry of Health, for e.g. on disposal of biohazardous wastes. 

 

In our effort to safeguard our stakeholders such as employees and patients from COVID-19, we have 

implemented several Safe Management Measures in compliant to the government’s regulations such 

as safe distancing in clinics and offices, employees and patients are to check in via TRACE Together 

App, screen body temperature and wear mask at all times. In addition, we have placed sanitisers as 

well as air purifiers within the clinics to reduce the risk of virus transmission. On top of that, we have 

gone extra miles to protect our patients by placing aerosol suction machines by chair side to minimise 

aerosol production during dental treatment. Our dentists and clinic staff are equipped with 

appropriate Personal Protection Equipment such as hair caps, surgical or N95 mask, face shield, gowns 

and gloves to ensure safe contact with patients. 

 

 

In order to comply with relevant laws, rules and regulations, our Group’s Operations Taskforce have 

appointed dedicated personnel to monitor closely on the inspection and renewal of the applicable 

licenses of our equipment and facilities.   

Our Group has implemented an incident and injury reporting mechanism which serves as a guideline 

for our employees to assess the severity of injuries for appropriate reporting, escalation, and 

appropriate medical care being made available to injured employees. These reports will allow us to 

proactively resolve hazards before tragic or costly incidents occur.  

In addition, we have in place procedures for sterilisation of dental and medical equipment and 

apparatus to prevent the growth of bacteria on instruments and surfaces throughout the dental 

practice which protects our patients, dentists and the whole team. In view of this, we are putting in 

place tight measures to ensure proper sterilization of instruments and materials procedures are in 

place across all our clinics.  

In FY2020, there were 3 minor and non-fatal workplace accidents where clinic assistants suffered cuts 

and/or pricks by needles. The total of 3 minor and non-fatal workplace accidents represent a decrease 

from 9 cases in the previous financial year, which indicated that safety awareness among employees 

had improved. However, we aim to achieve zero reported workplace accident. In order to increase the 

safety awareness and to strengthen our incident mitigation efforts, our Group will continue to review 

and strengthen our procedures, and implement regular inspections on clinical equipment or 

instruments and sharing the incidents to all staff in regards to the precautionary measures. We are 

glad to announce that our Group once again achieved zero fatalities and suffered no casualty from 

COVID-19 during FY2020.  

 


 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

24 

 

Subsequent reporting for FY2021 

Moving forward, we will continue to enforce greater awareness to cultivate a stronger culture of 

safety enforcement amongst the employees and minimise number of reported workplace accidents.  


 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

25 

 

Training and Education 

In order to achieve long term sustainability, it is important to enhance employees’ competencies and 

knowledge as these are fundamental to our operational effectiveness and competitive advantage. We 

aim to raise the professionalism of team members and groom the future leaders.  

 

With our own education arm, Q &amp; M Dental Institute (“QDI”) continues to value add to the technical 

competencies and skills of our dentists through workshops, seminars and conferences. Due to the 

COVID-19 pandemic and the need for strict adherence to regulated and stringent safe distancing 

measures, our employees were unable to attend physical courses or training and hence we have been 

actively exploring several new training approaches to continue providing learning opportunities to 

team members. During the financial year, we have provided various trainings in a hybrid of physical 

and virtual forms for employees in both Singapore and Malaysia. 

 

Singapore 

Malaysia 

Workshop on Google Ads (AdWords) Search Engine 

Marketing (SEM) and Display (PPC) Certification Course by 

Equipnet Academy 

Integrated Dental Management System (IDMS) 

training 

Covid-19 Webinar by Mckinsey 

Disinfections Control 

Cybint Cyber Security Protection (CSPC) Programme by 

NTUC 

Clean the Chair and Suctions' Filters 

Certificate in IT Infrastructure support by TMC 

Sanitise the Clinics 

Q &amp; M Mask Selling Training 

Maintenance of Handpieces 

Place-and-Train (PnT) programme 

 

 

To ensure quality service from our dentists, Q &amp; M ensure that they meet the mandatory requirements 

under the Dental Registration Act and the Medical Registration Act respectively. Under Q &amp; M, all 

dentists require to fulfil certain number of hours of Continuing Professional Education in order to 

proceed with their practicing certificates renewal. We encourage our support staff members such as 

clinic assistants and administrative staff to continuously upgrade their skillsets and develop 

professionally.    

 

We strive to upskill our dentists, especially the newly recruited postgraduate dentists who lacking 

practical experience, through our education arms which are Q &amp; M College of Dentistry and Q &amp; M 

Dental Institute from time to time. With the assistance of our education arms, we are able to coach 

the future generation of dentists and align the dentists’ skill set, thus, providing sustainable, consistent 

and high quality treatment outcome. 

 

Through the Place-and-Train Programme to hire and train Dental Surgery Assistants, we will be able 

to enhance the Dental Surgery Assistants’ skill sets which will value-add to the treatment provided to 

patients. 

 

All new employees are required to attend a full two days training at our Group’s flagship clinic located 

at City Square Mall. Thereafter, on-the-job trainings will be provided at the respective clinics which 

the employees are assigned to during their 3 months’ probation. During the probation period, their 

performance and progression will be tracked and monitored by their immediate supervisors. 

 

 

 


 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

26 

 

Average hours of training by gender 

Disclosure 

Male 

Female 

Total number of training hours provided to employees (hours) 

483.5 

1,786 

Total number of employees 

183 

436 

Average training hours per employee (hours) 

2.64 

4.10 

 

Average hours of training by employee category 

Employee Category 

Headcount 

Training Hours 

Clinic Assistant 

403 

1,760 

HQ Employee 

216 

509.5 

 

 

As Singapore’s first private dentistry institution, the Q &amp; M College of Dentistry offers a two-year 

graduate diploma course with 9 modules covering courses in patient management &amp; ethics in dentistry, 

orthodontics, implant dentistry, endodontics, prosthodontics /restorative dentistry; CAD/CAM &amp; 

digital dentistry, periodontics, oral &amp; maxillofacial surgery and laser dentistry. The first cohort of 20 

students, all of whom are from our Group, were enrolled in October 2019. 

 

Through the Q &amp; M Dental Group Scholarship scheme launched in October 2019, our Group has 

awarded scholarships to nine bright young students pursuing undergraduate and postgraduate studies 

in Faculty of Dentistry.  

 

Subsequent reporting for FY2021 

Moving forward, we plan to roll out SkillsFuture or WDA-accredited DSA training programs. In addition, 

our Group will consistently review the training needs and courses of our dentists and employees to 

upgrade their capabilities and skillsets.  

 

 




 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

27 

 

 

Socioeconomic Compliance 

As a responsible and a leading provider of healthcare services, our Group is committed to work closely 

with government agencies and regulators to comply with the statutory and regulatory requirements 

in the regions that our Group operates.  

However, in FY2020, Ministry of Health had levied a S$1,000 fine each to 2 dentists of our Group for 

carrying out non-urgent dental treatments as defined by the Ministry of Health during Circuit Breaker. 

Corrective actions had been taken following the incident where fine was paid by the respective clinics. 

Apart from that, Q &amp; M has no reported incident of non-compliance with socio-economic laws and 

regulations, including licensing, workplace safety and radiation protection, for which significant fines 

or non-monetary sanctions were issued in the region we operate in.  

 

Subsequent reporting for FY2021 

Moving forward, we hope to maintain the target of zero incidents reported to uphold good 

governance practice and comply with laws and regulations. 

 

 


 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

28 

 





































Local Communities 

 

We believe that businesses should be conducted in a socially responsible way and this is done through 

our Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) initiatives rolled out by our Group.  

In view of the Covid-19 outbreak, our Group had donated 50,000 surgical masks and hand sanitisers 

to 16 charity organisations who were affected by shortage of masks and the sharp increase in costs. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 Singapore Chung Hwa 

Medical Institution 



 Home Nursing Foundation 



 Tzu Chi Free Clinic 



 Public Free Clinic Society 



 Kwan In Welfare Society 



 Saint Theresa's Home 



 Sian Chay Medical Institution 



 Nam Hong Siang Theon Free 

Medical Centre 



 Aged Sick 



 Singapore Buddhist Free Clinic 



 Thong Chai Medical Institution 



 Lions Home for the Elders 



 Kreta Ayer Seniors Activity Centre 



 Singapore Children Society 



 Singapore Buddhist Lodge 



 River Valley High School 



 Raffles Institution 



 Lee Ah Mooi Old Age Home 


 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

29 

 

Behind every mask, we find 

selflessness, courage and 

perseverance. 

 

 

 

During the fight against COVID-19, about 120 of our dentists and staff decided to serve with the 

community selflessly and had volunteered to help the nation with the swabbing activities for foreign 

workers from April to May 2020. Along the weeks of voluntary swabbing activities, our dentists and 

staff have swabbed 14,000 foreign workers at more than 160 factory converted dormitories and 

government quarantined facilities.  

 

We take the utmost pride for our dentists and staff’s unwavering commitment and great spirits 

throughout this extraordinary time. 

 

Our Group has formed a Corporate Social Responsibility 

(“CSR”) Committee which comprises more than 10 dentists, 

specialist dentists, and executives perform social good for 

the public.  

 

We were glad to provide dental treatment at no cost and 

bring back the beautiful smile for an Indonesian domestic 

worker who was severely abused by her employer and 

sustained some injuries, one of which was a chipped tooth. 

 

We, as a leading dental healthcare giver, would like to do 

more to support the underprivileged who do not have the 

financial means to seek treatment on their own.  

 

 

Subsequent reporting for FY2021 

Moving forward, through our corporate social responsibility identity, named “Q &amp; M Cares”, we wish 

to collaborate with the largest foreign domestic worker social support organization to provide free 

wisdom tooth surgery through a network of volunteer dentists, nurses and staff. 








 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

30 

 

Innovation in Dentistry 

 

During the year, our Group continue to thrust 

dentistry forward with the development of 

artificial intelligence (“AI”) technology that will 

enhance and bolster dental practice. Our Group 

is working on closely with AI Singapore and a 

team from the International Medical University in 

Malaysia, together with an internal team of about 

35 experienced and highly qualified dentists since 

early 2019 to build a Dental Imaging Diagnostic 

and Clinical Decision Support System (the 

“System”) that will assist in further improving 

data diagnosis through automatic radiographic 

interpretation and form automated treatment 

plans from current best practices. As this AI platform was built based on the combination of clinical 

data from Q &amp; M and our collective expertise in diagnostics and treatment and the latest research in 

dentistry, we strongly believe that this AI platform will greatly assist our dentists to quickly and 

accurately identify a patient's underlying condition, and subsequently suggest the most suitable 

treatment.  

 

With the assistance of the System, we are able to consistently and sustainably deliver ethical dental 

treatment plan with evidence-based diagnosis to patients which can avoid possible errors and biases 

caused by the traditional treatment that was based on individual dentist’s personal judgement. The 

sustainable standardisation which the System is able to provide will bring the dental industry to 

another milestone as patients will be given quality and consistent treatment without the fear of 

receiving ineffective and inconsistent treatment. We are confident that the introduction of the System 

will further boost our Group’s revenue and reputation and thus enhancing sustainable business. As at 

the date of publicaition, we are in the midst of running clinical trial for the System before it is 

introduced to our patients. 

 

In addition to the System, we have developed a cloud-based Integrated Dental Management System 

(“IDMS”) which facilitates patient and clinic management in an efficient way. A pilot trial run of IDMS 

has been initiated in our clinics in Malaysia.  

 

Subsequent reporting for FY2021 

Moving forward, we will continue to innovate and progress as our Group strive to remain at the 

forefront of dentistry practices. We will also monitor the development of AI from time to time to 

ensure we are on the right track. 

 

 

 




 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

31 

 

Our Patients, Our Approach 

 

Patients’ Health and Safety 

Patient’s health and safety are always the number one priority to us. We have implemented a set of 

comprehensive operating procedures and reference to the safe management measures imposed by 

the government to safeguard and improve the health and safety of our patients, especially during the 

COVID-19 pandemic. We adhere to the guidelines on Good Distribution Practice Medical Device 

(GDPMD) for dental equipment and supplies and guidelines for assessing suppliers before placing 

them on the Approved Suppliers List. 

 

Our Group has been exploring ways to improve the quality of our service as well as providing safer 

treatment for patients. We are adopting digital dentistry such as digital x-ray and using low radiation 

dosage Computed Tomography (CT) scan which directly reduce the radiation risk to the patients. 

 

We will continue to manage and monitor the expiry dates of drugs and materials used at our clinics 

through our proprietary Clinic Management Software. In addition, all employees are required to use 

personal protective equipment to protect our patient against health or safety risk. Along with the 

proper sterilization of instruments and materials, monitoring of sterilisation equipment is an essential 

part of infection control program measures being practised across all clinics. In FY 2020, Q &amp; M has no 

reported incidents for non-compliances with relevant health and safety standards. 

 

Subsequent reporting for FY2021 

Moving forward, we aim to maintain zero incidents through consistent monitoring of health and safety 

measures while continuously seeking new ways to make our premises a safer environment for all. 


 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

32 

 

Privacy Protection  

 

At Q &amp; M, we treat the personal data of every patient with respect and privacy. Safety and security of 

personal data has become a key concern for our Group as well as our patients as data security threats 

become more prevalent. To fight against cybercrime, we continue to invest in building and 

strengthening the capacity of our internal operations to better protect customer personal data and 

privacy. 

 

In alignment with the Personal Data Protection Act (“PDPA”) 2012, our Group have implemented a 

Personal Data Protection Policy (“PDPP”) which includes procedures on responsible data handling and 

authorised use of data collected. The PDPP protects personal data while enabling the use of patient’s 

data reasonably when serving the patient. A Data Officer is tasked with ensuring the compliance of 

our Group’s PDPP to relevant laws and regulations in the region we operate in, and to monitor and 

update the PDPP when required. The PDPP is available on Q &amp; M’s website at 

https://www.qandm.com.sg/Q &amp; M-Dental-Group-Privacy-Policy. 

 

Proper measures are implemented across all the clinics within our Group to ensure our patients 

personal data was well protected under our possession. Clinic system access is strictly granted to 

authorised personnel for confidential patient information. We have in place reminders for our 

employees to log off their computers if it is not in use and ensuring all computers have firewalls and 

anti-virus software installed.   

 

We did not experience any breach of PDPA in 2020. We will continue to enhance our governance and 

accountability processes to safeguard our patients’ personal data.  

 

Subsequent reporting for FY2021 

Moving forward, we will continue to strive for excellence and be vigilant with the privacy of our 

patients. With the goal to reduce complaints and incidents regarding customer privacy, we will also 

continue to strengthen our internal monitoring efforts by initiating group wide review on our Group’s 

information technology and cybersecurity measures.  




 

GRI INDEX 

33 

 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference and 

Reasons for Omission, if 

applicable 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

Organizational Profile 

102-1 Name of the organisation  

Page 1 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

Page 1-2 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

Page 1 

102-4 Location of operations 

Page 4 

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

Page 1 

102-6 Markets served 

Page 4 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

Page 5 

102-8 Information on employees and other workers  

Page 20,22 

102-9 Supply chain  

Page 7 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

No significant changes 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

Page 10 

102-12 External initiatives 

 

Page 28-29 

102-13 Membership of associations 

Page 9 

Strategy 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

Page 1-2 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

Page 6 

Governance 

102-18 Governance structure 

Page 10 

Stakeholder Engagement 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

Page 11-12 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

Our Group do not have 

bargaining agreements 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Page 11-12 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

Page 11-12 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

Page 13 

Reporting Practice 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Page 3 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

Page 3 

102-47 List of material topics 

Page 13 

102-48 Restatements of information 

Not applicable 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

Not applicable 

102-50 Reporting period 

Page 3 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

Page 3 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

Page 3 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Page 3 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

Page 3 

102-55 GRI content index 

Page 33-36 

102-56 External assurance 

Page 3 


 

GRI INDEX 

34 

 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons 

for Omission, if applicable 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

Market Presence 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 20 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 202: 

Market 

Presence  

202-1 Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared to 

local minimum wage 

202-2 Proportion of senior management hired from the local 

community 

Indirect Economic Impacts 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 30 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 203: 

Indirect 

Economic 

Impacts  

203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported 

203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts 

Anti-Corruption 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 14 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 205: Anti-

Corruption  

205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies 

and procedures 

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

Energy 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 17 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 302: Energy  

302-1 Energy consumption within the organisation 

302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organisation 

302-3 Energy intensity 

302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 

302-5 Reduction in energy requirements of products and services 

Water 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 18 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 303: Water 

303-1 Water withdrawal by source 

303-2 Water sources significantly affected by the withdrawal of 

water 

303-3 Water recycled and reused 

Emission 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 17 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 305: 

Emission 

305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 

305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 

305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions 

305-4 GHG emissions intensity 

305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions 

305-6 Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS) 

305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (Sox), and other 

significant air emissions 


 

GRI INDEX 

35 

 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons 

for Omission, if applicable 

Effluents and Waste 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

 

 

 

Page 19 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 306:  

Effluents and 

Waste  

306-1 Water discharge by quality and destination 

306-2 Waste by type and disposal method 

306-3 Significant spills 

306-4 Transport of hazardous waste 

306-5 Water bodies affected by water discharges and/or runoff 

Environmental Compliance 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

 

 

Page 19 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 307:  

Environmental 

Compliance 

307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations 

Employment 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

 

 

 

 

Page 20-22 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 401:  

Employment  

401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover 

401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided 

to temporary or part-time employees 

401-3 Parental leave 

Occupational Health and Safety 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 23 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety  

403-1 Workers representation in formal joint management–worker 

health and safety committees 

403-2 Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, 

lost days, and absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities 

403-3 Workers with high incidence or high risk of diseases 

related to their occupation 

403-4 Health and safety topics covered in formal agreements 

with trade unions 

Training and Education 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 25-26 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 404: 

Training and 

Education  

404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee 

404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 

assistance programs 

404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and 

career development reviews 

 


 

GRI INDEX 

36 

 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons 

for Omission, if applicable 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

 

 

 

Page 21 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 405: 

Diversity and 

Equal 

Opportunity 

 

405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men 

Local Communities 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

 

 

 

Page 28-29 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 413:  

Local 

Communities 

413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programs 

413-2 Operations with significant actual and potential negative 

impacts on local communities 

Customer Health and Safety 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach  

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

 

 

 

Page 31 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 416:  

Customer 

Health and 

Safety  

416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product 

and service categories 

416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and 

safety impacts of products and services 

Customer Privacy 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 32 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 418: 

Customer 

Privacy  

418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer 

privacy and losses of customer data 

Socioeconomic Compliance 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries 

Page 27 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

GRI 419: 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

419-1 Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social 

and economic area 

 

 

 

