
 

 

 

QT VASCULAR LTD 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019 


 

 

 

 

Contents 

Board Statement .................................................................................................................................... 1 

About QT Vascular .................................................................................................................................. 2 

2019 Sustainability Highlights ................................................................................................................ 4 

About This Report .................................................................................................................................. 5 

Materiality Assessment ....................................................................................................................... 5 

Product Quality ...................................................................................................................................... 6 

Business Ethics ........................................................................................................................................ 8 

Regulatory Compliance .......................................................................................................................... 9 

 


 

 

1 

 

Board Statement  

QT Vascular Ltd (“QT Vascular” or “Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) 

is pleased to present its third Sustainability Report, which has been approved by the Board.   

As a medical device company, we aspire to improve the quality of lives for patients through 

the products we offer. To realise this vision, we believe comprehensive considerations for 

relevant environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) risks and opportunities is 

fundamental to ensure the quality of our products, as well as the long-term reliability of our 

operations.  

In 2019, we continue to uphold the upmost standards of integrity, responsibility and 

accountability in our business practices and met all of our 2019 targets set for our material 

ESG factors, namely product quality, business ethics and regulatory compliance. We strive to 

maintain the same record of zero product recall due to quality issues and zero non-compliant 

incidents concerning product quality, business ethics and regulatory compliance in the 

forthcoming year.   

The Board oversees and is supported by the Sustainability Steering Committee (“SSC”) and 

the Sustainability Task Force (“STF”) in its continuous efforts to integrate sustainability issues 

into QT Vascular’s strategic formulation and oversee sustainability performance and 

reporting. The SSC, composed of the senior management team, develops sustainability 

objectives and strategy based on the Board’s directions, manages QT Vascular’s overall 

sustainability performance, and reports to the Board regularly. The STF, consisted of senior 

management representatives from different business functions, implements sustainability 

practices and action plans across QT Vascular based on the sustainability objectives and 

strategy formulated.  

We look forward to sharing our sustainability progress with you in this Sustainability Report. 

 

Board of Directors 

QT Vascular Ltd 

 

 

 


 

 

2 

 

About QT Vascular  

QT Vascular is a medical device company specialising in the minimally invasive treatment of 

vascular diseases. 

Coronary artery disease (“CAD”) and peripheral artery disease (“PAD”) happen in the arteries 

surrounding the heart and periphery parts of the body (especially of the pelvis and legs), 

respectively. They are primarily caused by lesions consisting of plaque, which narrows or 

blocks arteries, thus obstructing normal blood flow. CAD and PAD can be treated by 

percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty (“PTCA”) and percutaneous transluminal 

angioplasty (“PTA”) respectively.  

Our main products include both minimally invasive drug coated balloon catheters for PTCA 

and for PTA. By collaborating with industry specialists and physicians who are key opinion 

leaders, we develop and offer new and differentiated tools for physicians to improve the 

outcomes in complex peripheral and coronary interventions.  

During an angioplasty procedure, a small incision is made and our balloon catheter is inserted 

on a steerable “guide wire” to reach the narrowed section of the affected artery. The balloon 

catheter is then inflated temporarily to push outward on the plaque and the wall of the blood 

vessel, thus improving blood flow at the narrowing. At the end of the procedure, the balloon 

is deflated and removed so no balloon catheter is left behind in the artery. In this way, our 

balloon catheters provide minimally invasive alternatives to permanent implants such as 

stents, offering a range of medical and cost benefits1. We are proud that these benefits 

ultimately lead to a better quality of life for patients. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1 For more details, please visit QT Vascular website https://qtvascular.com/us/about-us/ on “Why is it important 

to avoid the use of permanent implants such as stents?” 


 

 

3 

 

 



Get to know our Chocolate® products 

In 2010, we commenced the development of a second generation balloon catheter for 

treating peripheral vascular diseases named Chocolate® PTA.  Designed to provide 

atraumatic dilation in the treatment of blocked arteries, Chocolate® PTA incorporates 

a unique nitinol constraining structure to allow controlled balloon expansion. This 

design helps to reduce the shear stress placed on the vessel during inflation, which in 

turn ensures uniform balloon expansion and prevents distortions and over-stretching 

of the vessel. To date, our unique constraining structure for Chocolate® PTA and 

Chocolate® XD is the first and remains the only balloon catheters in the world with this 

design, protected by strong intellectual property portfolio and offering unique 

treatment options for peripheral and coronary artery disease.  Those products are now 

owned by large multinational companies namely Medtronic, Inc. (“Medtronic”) and 

Teleflex, Inc. (“Teleflex”) and continue to improve life around the globe. 

To date, the Group has also received CE marking clearance for its unique peripheral 

drug-coated balloon, Chocolate® Touch and coronary drug-coated balloon, Chocolate® 

Heart. Drug-coated balloons represent a new category of device that combines the 

mechanical dilatation of a balloon catheter with the biological effect of a drug to treat 

occluded arteries. These categories of devices have been available for several years in 

Europe and were recently approved in the United States (“US”). QT Vascular is in the 

process of obtaining US regulatory approval for the drug-coated Balloons.  

Research and Development 

To offer better treatment of vascular disease, we continue to invest in research and 

development. Patient enrollment continued in our pivotal study of the Drug Coated 

Chocolate Touch® Balloon, one of the few drug-coated peripheral balloons to receive 

approval to conduct clinical studies in the US by the US Food and Drug Administration 

(“FDA”). 

K. Katsanos, in early December 2018 published a meta-analysis regarding increased 

mortality for subjects treated with paclitaxel-coated devices*. This analysis led to a 

wide-spread review by the regulators, prompting two physician letters from FDA on 17 

January and 15 March 2019, followed by multiple enrollment challenges. While 

enrollment continues in 2020, the Coronavirus (“COVID-19”) pandemic has impacted 

all industries around the globe. Currently, US hospitals are focusing on support and 

recovery for COVID-19 patients and US clinical studies are impacted as a result. Our 

clinical team is working closely with all US sites to ensure the safety of our clinical trial 

participants and integrity of the study data. 

 

*Katsanos, K., Spiliopoulos, S., Kitrou, P., et al (2018).  Risk of Death Following Application of Paclitaxel-

Coated Balloons and Stents in the Femoropopliteal Artery of the Leg:  A Systematic Review and Meta-

Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials. JAHA; 7:e0112452019 Sustainability Highlights 


 

 

4 

 

2019 Sustainability Highlights 

 

 

 

100% product categories assessed 

for health and safety impacts

Zero non-compliance concerning 

health and safety of products 

Zero product recall for any of QT 

Vascular's products

Zero significant findings in audit 

with regard to business ethics and 

independence 

Zero confirmed cases of corruption

Zero non-compliance with relevant 

laws and regulation


 

 

5 

 

About This Report  

This Sustainability Report summarises QT Vascular’s sustainability policies, practices and 

performance from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019, with a focus on its material ESG 

factors. The report covers the listed entity, QT Vascular Ltd and all its wholly-owned 

subsidiaries, including TriReme Medical, LLC., TriReme Medical (Singapore) Pte Ltd and 

Quattro Vascular Pte Ltd.  

The report is prepared in accordance with the requirements of SGX Catalist Rules 711A and 

711B, as well as SGX Catalist Rules Practice Note 7F: Sustainability Reporting Guide. The 

report also makes reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards, a globally 

recognised framework to report on ESG issues. This report references the following GRI 

Standards and topic-specific Disclosures: 

• 

Disclosure 205-3 from GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016 

• 

Disclosures 416-1 and 416-2 from GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 2016 

• 

Disclosures 417-2 and 417-3 from GRI 417: Marketing and Labelling 2016 

• 

Disclosure 419-1 from GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 2016 

All information is disclosed in good faith and to the best of our knowledge. No external 

assurance has been sought for this report. Please forward any enquiries or feedback to 

info@trirememedical.com.  

Materiality Assessment 

To determine ESG factors of significant interests to our business and key stakeholders, QT 

Vascular conducted a materiality assessment guided by the GRI Principles of Materiality and 

Stakeholder Engagement workshop. We considered the following in identifying potential 

material ESG factors:  

• 

Global and local key sustainability trends;  

• 

Hot topics and future challenges for our industry, as identified by our peers; and 

• 

Insights gained from interactions with internal and external stakeholders.  

Three material ESG factors were identified from the assessment process:  

 

QT Vascular reviewed the above material ESG factors in 2019 and found that they continue 

to be relevant. QT Vascular will regularly review and assess its material ESG factors to ensure 

their pertinence. 

 

 

 

Product Quality 

Business Ethics  

Regulatory 

Compliance  


 

 

6 

 

Product Quality 

QT Vascular is committed to developing and offering medical devices that are safe and 

reliable for the patients. We view product quality as top priority and have built a rigorous 

governance structure focused on quality control throughout our value chain to ensure 

consumer and investor confidence.  

QT Vascular has established a robust quality management system (“QMS”) in accordance with 

ISO 13485:2016 Quality Management System for Medical Devices, FDA Quality System 

Regulation (“QSR”), and other worldwide healthcare regulatory requirements. Our QMS is 

regularly audited by external parties to ensure its effectiveness in guaranteeing the quality of 

our products and our compliance with relevant laws and regulations. 

Our QMS outlines a comprehensive set of policies and standard operating procedures 

(“SOPs”) governing the monitoring and management and of product quality. Multiple layers 

of tests and control points are set up at each stage of the product life cycle to confirm that 

the policies and SOPs are properly observed and implemented. We also conduct audits of all 

critical suppliers and vigorously check incoming materials, parts and products to ensure 

quality consistency across our value chain.  

Our key policies and SOPs on quality management include but are not limited to the following:  

Product life cycle  

Key policies and SOPs on quality management 

Design 

• 

Design Control Procedure  

• 

Equipment Specifications, Qualification, Maintenance and 

Calibration 

• 

Risk Management 

Test 

• 

Conduct of Clinical Investigation 

• 

Procedure Clinical Investigation Monitoring  

Operations 

• 

Supplier Management  

• 

First Article Inspection 

• 

Process Validation 

• 

Controlled Manufacturing Environment  

• 

Receiving and Inspection  

• 

Material and Product Control  

• 

Non-conforming Materials Programme 

Distribution 

• 

Packaging and Shipping  

• 

Field Sales Product Handling Requirements 

After sale 

• 

Customer Feedback Procedure 

• 

Compliant Management  

• 

Handling of Out-of-Specification and Out-of-Trend Results  

• 

Corrective and Preventive Action (“CAPA”) 

• 

Product Recall Field Corrections and Removals 

• 

Medical Device Reporting (MDR) 

• 

Vigilance Reporting  

All stages 

• 

Management Review 


 

 

7 

 

Product life cycle  

Key policies and SOPs on quality management 

• 

Quality Management System Manual 

• 

Document Change Control 

• 

Records Management and Retention  

• 

Training  

• 

Internal Quality Audits  

 

In addition to auditing our QMS and critical suppliers, we are routinely audited by European 

CE notified bodies, as well as Medtronic and Teleflex for product quality. We have also been 

audited by the FDA. 

We believe it is vital to cultivate a strong quality culture for our QMS to be effective. Our 

Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance Department holds regular, mandatory Quality 

Awareness Training for all employees, which covers key points on our QMS, and related 

policies and practices.  

Performance Measures 

2018 

2019 

2020 Target 

Percentage of significant product and service categories 

assessed for health and safety impacts 

100% 

100% 

Maintain 

zero 

product recall due to 

quality reasons 

Number of non-compliant incidents concerning the 

health and safety impacts of products and services 

0 

0 

Percentage of products recalled due to quality problems   

0% 

0% 

 

 

 


 

 

8 

 

Business Ethics  

Operating fairly and ethically is fundamental in maintaining our stakeholders’ trust in us. At 

QT Vascular, we uphold high standards of business ethics and independence in all areas of 

our business practices.  

QT Vascular takes a zero-tolerance approach towards corruption. All employees are required 

to abide by the Employee Code of Conduct, which provides guidance on prohibition of fraud 

and bribery and management of conflict of interest. New employees are required to consent 

to all anti-corruption related policies by signing a declaration form.  

We are committed to maintaining our independence in our interactions with healthcare 

professionals in all business settings, including research or development, and marketing and 

sales. Following section 6002 of the U.S. Affordable Care Act2, we set clear policies on the 

provision of gift, entertainment or anything of value, to healthcare professionals. All 

interactions with healthcare professionals are properly recorded and verified in accordance 

with regulatory requirements. These independence precautions help us prevent any 

perceived or actual breach of independence, as well as safeguard the impartiality of research 

results and the provision of healthcare services.  

To ensure independence in clinical trials, the Group appoints independent consultants and 

committees to collect, analyse and evaluate clinical data received from clinical trial sites. 

Clinical investigators are selected objectively based on a balanced consideration of expertise, 

history of compliance, adequate facility, staff resources and enrolment potential, influence 

within the targeted medical community, as well as interest in, availability for and potential 

conflicts with the study. Furthermore, as clinical trials involve human subjects, we strictly 

monitor ethical issues such as informed consent from and HHPA requirements related to 

subjects and data privacy and security throughout our engagement with independent 

investigators to ensure research ethics.  

As part of our business ethics monitoring and assurance process, the Group has established 

a whistle-blowing policy, which stipulates clear channels for employees to anonymously 

report any suspected ethical issues. The Independent Directors of the Group have been listed 

as the contact points, with their contact details disclosed to all employees.  

Performance Measures 

2018 

2019 

2020 Target 

Number 

of 

confirmed 

incidents 

of 

corruption 

0 

0 

Maintain the same high 

levels of business ethics and 

zero confirmed incidents of 

corruption 

Significant findings of internal and external 

audits conducted in relation to business 

ethics and independence 

0 

0 

 

2 Section 6002 of the U.S. Affordable Care Act, also known as the “Sunshine Act”, requires manufacturers of 

drugs and medical devices to report annually to the Secretary of Health and Human Services on the payments 

or other transfer of value to physicians and teaching hospitals. The Act also requires declaration of ownership 

or investment interests held by physicians or the immediate family members of physicians in applicable 

manufacturers and group purchasing organisations to enhance transparency in existing financial relationships 

between the industry and healthcare personnel and institutions. 


 

 

9 

 

Regulatory Compliance  

We believe our reputation is built by being responsible and accountable. We view regulatory 

compliance as the baseline for our continued operation, and we are committed to adhering 

to all relevant laws and regulations, including those concerning customer health and safety, 

independence and anti-corruption, marketing and labelling, taxation, product pricing, as well 

as a range of audit and reporting requirements. 

The medical device industry is heavily regulated by the FDA, the European Union (“EU”) and 

worldwide healthcare regulatory bodies. The Group is audited every 2 years by the FDA and 

once a year by EU notified body, and no material non-compliance issues have arisen from the 

audit to date. The Group has also never paid any fine or penalties for non-compliance of any 

regulatory audit to date. 

In addition to regulatory audits, we strive to continuously strengthen our internal controls. 

QT Vascular actively identifies and manages its enterprise risks, with a particularly strong 

focus on product safety risks, which is the most heavily regulated and closely monitored issue 

by the regulators. We have established a risk management system in accordance with ISO 

14971:2012 Risk Management for Medical Devices, as well as a suite of SOPs to address all 

essential elements of risk management, including:  

• 

The development of a risk management plan 

• 

Risk assessment (including hazard identification and analysis, risk estimation, and 

evaluation of risk acceptability) 

• 

Risk minimisation and risk control 

• 

Risk-based decision making  

• 

Risk monitoring, review and reporting  

To ensure that we stay abreast with new developments of relevant laws and regulations, our 

Regulatory Affairs team communicates regularly with regulators and industry associations for 

updates. When changes occur, we modify our policies and procedures accordingly, maintain 

strict documentation control, and promptly communicate changes in internal policies and 

procedures or regulatory requirements with our employees. Each employee is required to 

read up on the changes and sign off as evidence of review.   

In case of any non-conformance with relevant laws and regulations, QT Vascular will duly 

report to relevant government agencies in compliance with its corresponding reporting 

obligations under various jurisdictions. QT Vascular will also conduct an internal investigation 

to identify root causes of non-conformance and develop corresponding risk controls.  

 

 

 

 


 

 

10 

 

Performance Measures 

2018 

2019 

2020 Target 

Number of non-compliant incidents concerning 

product and service information labelling 

0 

0 

Maintain zero non-

compliance with all 

laws and regulations 

which 

result 

in 

significant fines or 

non-monetary 

sanctions 

Number of non-compliant incidents concerning 

marketing communications 

0 

0 

Number of non-compliant incidents with laws and 

regulations in the social and economic area that 

results in significant fines and non-monetary 

sanctions  

0 

0 

 

