
Sustainability Report 2020




2          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Sustainability Report for Raffles Medical Group (102-1)

BOARD STATEMENT

The Board of Raffles Medical Group (RMG) affirms that it provides strategic direction to the Group and specifically 

considers sustainability issues as part of the development of its overall strategy.

The Board also acknowledges its responsibility for the Group’s sustainability reporting and believes the following 

report provides a reasonable and transparent presentation of the Group’s strategy as well as its Environmental, 

Social and Governance (ESG) performance.

SCOPE OF THIS REPORT (102-46, 102-49, 102-50, 102-51, 102-52)

Our fourth Sustainability Report (“Report”) highlights the developments and progress of our sustainability 

journey in the year 2020. The Report references the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI): Core option issued by the 

Global Sustainability Standards Board, and is guided by the SGX-ST Sustainability Reporting Guide (Practice Note 

7.6). In preparing the Report, we continue to focus on communicating value creation through our ESG strategies.

The Report covers the ESG performance of all the business divisions and subsidiaries within RMG over the 

reporting period. Information is extracted from primary internal records to ensure accuracy and is presented 

using internationally accepted measurement units.

REPORTING PROCESS (102-48, 102-53, 102-54)

The Board has assigned the responsibility for monitoring and overseeing the Group’s sustainability efforts to the 

Sustainability Committee (the Committee). The Committee comprises senior executives from key functions of the 

business who provide the direction for reporting. It reviews, assesses and determines the sustainability context, 

material topics, scope, boundary, and prioritisation of issues included in the report. It considers formal and 

informal feedback from both internal and external stakeholders throughout the year to determine the material 

issues in the report. The Committee is supported by a cross-functional team that gathers and verifies the data.

Availability: The report is available for download at www.rafflesmedicalgroup.com. To conserve paper, we do not offer a print version.

Feedback: We welcome feedback at enquiries@rafflesmedical.com.

Restatement (102-48): This report does not include any restatement of previously published data.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020          3

ABOUT RAFFLES MEDICAL GROUP (102-1, 102-2, 102-5)

Founded in 1976, Raffles Medical Group (RMG or the Group) is one of the leading integrated private healthcare 

providers in the region, providing a continuum of services from primary and tertiary care to health insurance 

for people across Asia. A proudly Singaporean brand, RMG is listed on the mainboard of the Singapore stock 

exchange (SGX: BSL) and operates in 14 cities in five countries in Asia. This network includes three tertiary 

hospitals and over 100 multi-disciplinary clinics, offering services such as health screening, specialist care, 

diagnostic radiology, dental and traditional Chinese medicine. Together with over 2,700 employees, RMG brings 

more than 45 years of trusted healthcare expertise and care to over 2 million patients annually across our 

network as their trusted partner for health. For more information, please visit rafflesmedicalgroup.com.

ABOUT RAFFLES MEDICAL

Raffles Medical is the primary care network of Raffles Medical Group operating over 60 practices and clinics in 

Singapore providing family medicine, health screening and dental services. Raffles Medical also has Japanese 

clinics and/or clinics offering Japanese services in Singapore, Osaka, Tianjin, Beijing, Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City, 

serving its Japanese patients with family medicine and dental services. In Singapore, Raffles Medical represents 

one of the largest networks of primary care clinics and serves over 7,000 corporate clients, supporting the 

healthcare needs of businesses and employees. Through Raffles Medical International, the Raffles brand of 

quality and affordable care is available to patients in 13 cities outside of Singapore, including Greater China, 

Japan, as well as Vietnam and Cambodia.

ABOUT RAFFLES HOSPITAL

Raffles Hospital is the flagship private tertiary hospital offering of the Group in Singapore, that currently boasts 

a growing network of tertiary hospitals in Singapore and China, including Raffles Hospital Chongqing and the 

upcoming Raffles Hospital Shanghai as well as the Class 1 Raffles Hospital Beijing. In Singapore, Raffles Hospital 

offers a comprehensive range of medical and dental specialities as well as diagnostic services. Raffles Hospital is 

the only private tertiary hospital in Singapore to be recognised by the Ministry of Health as Trauma Centre and is 

authorised to accept emergency cases from public ambulances under the Emergency Care Collaboration Scheme. 

The Hospital also operates more than 30 specialist centres and specialist satellite clinics, covering more than 

30 disciplines. Subscribing to the Group Practice model of healthcare, over 1,500 physicians, nurses and allied 

healthcare professionals bring the Raffles brand of quality, peer-reviewed healthcare to patients in the region.

ABOUT RAFFLES CHINA HEALTHCARE

Raffles China Healthcare is the operating division of the Raffles Medical Group in China which provides patients 

with a suite of healthcare services from primary care to tertiary care. Raffles China Healthcare provides primary 

care and tertiary care through its clinics and hospitals in eight cities in China – Beijing, Chongqing, Dalian, Hong 

Kong SAR, Nanjing, Shanghai, Shenzhen and Tianjin. Raffles China Healthcare’s network of tertiary hospitals 

includes Raffles Hospital Chongqing, Singapore’s first private tertiary hospital in China, and the upcoming Raffles 

Hospital Shanghai, which  Raffles China Healthcare expects to open in 2021, as well as the Class 1 Raffles Hospital 

Beijing, bringing the Raffles brand of quality, peer-reviewed healthcare to more patients in China. Raffles China 

Healthcare has been in operation in Hong Kong SAR since 1995 with multiple medical centres across Hong Kong 

SAR as well as the Hong Kong International Airport where it is the only exclusive medical provider for the airport.

ABOUT RAFFLES HEALTH INSURANCE

Raffles Health Insurance (RHI) is the health insurance division of Raffles Medical Group, providing healthcare 

insurance to corporates and individuals in Singapore. Backed by the expertise of a trusted medical group with 

over 45 years of experience, Raffles Health Insurance seeks to provide healthcare financing solutions that cater 

for the needs of all its policy owners and members. Incorporated in 2004, Raffles Health Insurance is a wholly-

owned subsidiary of Raffles Medical Group and is the seventh insurer appointed by the Ministry of Health as an 

Integrated Shield Plan provider in Singapore. Raffles Health Insurance, through its partnership with Bupa Global, 

also offers a wide range of international private health plans, which are co-insured by RHI and Bupa, to cater to 

the needs of individuals and corporate clients of the international business community in Singapore.


4          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Raﬄes Hospital Singapore

Jakarta 

Semarang

Surabaya

Bali

Bandung

Solo

Raﬄes Hospital Shanghai

Raﬄes Hospital Chongqing

Ho Chi Minh City

Vung Tau

Osaka

Phnom Penh

Hanoi

Shenzhen

Hong Kong

Dhaka

Chittagong

Nanjing

Shanghai

Tianjin

Raﬄes Hospital Beijing

Dalian

(V1)05/21

BRINGING OUR TRUSTED BRAND TO MORE PEOPLE IN ASIA

From primary care at our network of Raffles Medical clinics to specialist and tertiary care at Raffles 

Hospital, we pride ourselves on offering a seamless continuum of care to all our patients.

Tertiary Hospitals

Upcoming Class 1  Hospital

Upcoming Raffles  Hospital

Representative &amp; Liaison Offices

International Medical Centres

OUR REGIONAL FOOTPRINT


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020          5

LOCATION AND MARKETS (102-3, 102-4, 102-6) 

• 

Headquartered in Singapore 

• 

Operations in China, Hong Kong SAR, Japan, Vietnam and Cambodia 

• 

Serving patients from over 14 cities, predominantly in Asia 

MEDICAL FACILITIES 

• 

Singapore 

• 

China: Beijing, Chongqing, Dalian, Nanjing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Tianjin, Hong Kong SAR 

• 

Japan: Osaka 

• 

Vietnam: Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City, Vung Tau 

• 

Cambodia: Phnom Penh 

REPRESENTATIVE &amp; LIAISON OFFICES 

• 

Bangladesh: Dhaka, Chittagong 

• 

Indonesia: Jakarta, Bali, Bandung, Semarang, Solo, Surabaya 

• 

Vietnam: Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City 

OUR VISION: Your Trusted Partner for Health

OUR CORE VALUES (102-16): 

At RMG, we strive to ensure sustainable growth across our operations that is in line with our core values.

• 

Compassion – We put you and your well-being at the centre of all that we do. Treating all with respect, 

compassion and dignity. 

• 

Commitment – We uphold your trust by maintaining the highest professional integrity and standards.

• 

Excellence – We will continually seek advancement and innovation to achieve better healthcare. 

• 

Team-Based Care – We dedicate and combine our skills, knowledge and experience for your benefit. 

• 

Value – We seek always to create and deliver value for you.

FACT SHEET (102-7, 102-8)

More than

2,700 Employees

Over 1,000 Nurses 

and Allied Healthcare 

Professionals

Close to 430

Multi-specialty Physicians

More than 100

Multi-disciplinary Clinics

YOUR TRUSTED PARTNER FOR HEALTH

14 Cities in Five Countries

2,200,000 Patients

and Growing

7,000 Corporate Clients

and Counting

Over 30 Disciplines


6          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

As an organisation, creating long-term shared value for our stakeholders 

through sustainable excellence has always been a priority for us. I am pleased   

to share Raffles Medical Group’s key initiatives in 2020, that advance our 

sustainable excellence agenda. We are on track to achieving this goal through 

our efforts in 2020, despite it being an extraordinarily challenging year.

In 2020, the Group continued to drive sustainability efforts within the 

organisation across four strategic areas of Customers, Employees, Environment 

and the Community. As we remained focused on building a patient-centric, 

energy efficient and safe environment, much of our efforts in 2020 were 

invested in what mattered most during the COVID-19 pandemic year – 

providing support for our employees, patients and community in the face of 

unprecedented challenges.

As Raffles Medical Group builds and deepens our presence in Asia, with the 

support of our board of directors and senior management, we look forward to building an organisation where 

sustainable excellence is embedded deeply in the organisation. I hope that this report will bring new insights to 

our journey towards sustainable excellence, contributing to the communities we operate in and delivering on 

our promise to patients as their Trusted Partner for Health.

SUPPORTING OUR CUSTOMERS

Patient-centricity is at the heart of what it means to be a Trusted Partner for Health. Amidst the different 

challenges brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group has upheld and continued to strengthen 

service standards and patient care, while simultaneously being heavily involved in Singapore’s national fight 

against COVID-19.

We leaned on the strength of our Group Practice Model and flexible workforce to address manpower 

requirements for COVID-19 projects while serving our regular patients concurrently, ensuring quality care was 

always available to all our patients.

We enhanced our engagement with our patients through strategic innovation and technology, introducing 

the first app-based booking of the COVID-19 Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) test. Available via the Raffles 

Connect app, this allows patients to book an appointment for a PCR test at any of the 36 clinics island-wide, 

pay and receive results of their COVID-19 PCR test seamlessly via the app. This ensured patients had the ability 

to safely and conveniently book a COVID-19 PCR test whether for travel or as voluntary testing was available in 

Singapore. Looking at our inpatient care, we introduced the Early Assessment Team (EAT) to improve patient 

outcomes via early interventions during clinical deterioration, preventing unscheduled admissions to the 

Intensive Care Unit (ICU). Extending our commitment and care to our patients, our nurses have also introduced 

a post-discharge follow-up phone call, following a successful pilot in 2019.

Outside of Singapore, the Group remains focused on delivering the Raffles quality brand of healthcare to 

our overseas patients. Following in the footsteps of Raffles Hospital Chongqing, we continue to improve our 

offerings for patients in China, with Raffles Hospital Beijing offering 24 hours emergency and inpatient care with 

upgraded diagnostic capabilities. We are on track to open our third hospital in Shanghai later this year.

SUPPORTING OUR EMPLOYEES

Our 2,700 strong workforce forms the bedrock of our organisation. It is imperative that we create a safe and 

conducive environment for continued learning, growth and professional development.

STATEMENT FROM EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN (102-14)



All photographs were taken either pre-COVID-19 measures or in adherence to prevailing COVID-19 guidelines and safe distancing measures.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020          7

In the past year we continued to offer RMG sponsorships as we have in the past eight years, to build and 

maintain a healthy pipeline of future talents, nurturing the next generation of healthcare professionals and 

leaders. In 2020, a total of 11 employees received RMG sponsorships for diploma and tertiary  

level qualifications.

In view of the COVID-19 situation and prevailing safe distancing measures, we invested in virtual webinars, 

conferences and e-workshops throughout the year to provide training and upgrading for our employees. 

This demonstrated our commitment to building the capabilities of our staff and providing them with the right 

tools and skillsets to support our patients. 

Another highlight for the Group is the achievement of Raffles Hospital as the first private hospital in 

Singapore to be accredited as a provider of Nursing Continuing Professional Development by the American 

Nurses Credentialing Centre (ANCC). This underscores our capability as an institution to provide and deliver 

evidence- based professional nursing education that adheres to global standards for existing and future 

nursing talent.

PRESERVING THE ENVIRONMENT

As an organisation with a regional footprint, minimising wastage and reducing environmental footprint and 

energy costs across our local and international hospitals and medical centres are key priorities for us. We 

continue to see steady improvements year-on-year in our efforts to protect and preserve our environments 

in the communities we operate in.

As part of our efforts to reduce our environmental footprint, the Raffles Hospital invested in a food 

waste digester to reduce food waste disposal at our premises. To add to this, the Raffles Specialist Centre 

in Singapore was officially verified as a Platinum Green Mark building by the Building and Construction 

Authority (BCA) in December 2020, a recognition of our commitment towards environmental sustainability.

To work towards our target of reducing the electricity consumption index in the next three years, the Group 

will be implementing Internet of Things (IoT) sensors in critical systems that consumer high energy in 2021.

SUPPORTING OUR COMMUNITY

Through a series of volunteer and outreach programmes and community investments, we remain dedicated 

to giving back to the communities we operate in, especially in light of the challenges brought about by  

the pandemic.

The Asian Medical Foundation (AMF), the corporate philanthropic arm of the Group, undertook several 

initiatives to support groups who were adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. This included the 

AMF Silver Care Fund which raised S$5 million to help needy and vulnerable Singaporean seniors through 

the disbursement of AMF Eldercare vouchers to 30,000 needy elderly as well as sponsoring the SingHealth 

telehealth pilot project to provide accessible, safe and better care for seniors staying in the East of Singapore.

As a testament to our commitment to building a pipeline of future talent for the healthcare sector, the 

Group continues to provide clinical training and internships to students from various post-secondary 

education institutions covering a wide range of disciplines in healthcare from nursing, pharmacy, business 

management, accounting and information technology.

LOOKING AHEAD

In 2021 the Group celebrates the 45th year since its inception. It would not be possible for the Group to 

sustain 45 years of growth without sustainable excellence at the core of our organisation. We recognise that 

as we continue to expand and grow, sustainable excellence is critical in guiding this growth and will further 

cement our commitment as the Trusted Partner of Health for all.


8          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

THE SUSTAINABILITY JOURNEY (102-49)

SUSTAINABILITY ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE (102-18, 102-19, 102-20, 102-32, 

102-33, 102-34) 

The Group’s sustainability programme is developed and directed by senior management in consultation with the 

Board of Directors. 

The Committee comprises senior management and representatives from various departments. It oversees 

the development and implementation of our organisation-wide sustainability strategy. Its responsibilities 

include reviewing, assessing and determining the sustainability context, material topics, scope, boundary, and 

prioritisation of issues to be included in the report.

PILLARS OF SUSTAINABILITY (103-1, 103-2, 103-3) 

At RMG, we believe that continued value creation is essential for sustainable growth. As we continue to expand 

our footprint, we are committed to ensuring that RMG’s medical facilities and network of healthcare workers 

across the globe adopt environmentally, economically and socially sustainable practices to deliver value to our 

stakeholders and safeguard their future.

2017

Inaugural sustainability 

report

We are committed 

to providing quality 

healthcare to our 

customers and strive to 

be their trusted partner 

for health.

We do our part to 

manage energy, water 

and waste responsibly for 

a greener environment.

We seek to be an 

employer of choice with 

sustainable HR practices 

for the wellbeing and 

development of our 

employees.

We are committed to best 

practices in governance 

and contribute in a 

meaningful way to provide 

critical healthcare services 

needed in the communities 

we operate in.

CUSTOMERS

EMPLOYEES

ENVIRONMENT

MARKETPLACE

STAKEHOLDERS MAP (102-40, 102-42, 102-43)

DIRECT INTERNAL

• 

Employees

• 

Board of Directors

• 

Shareholders

DIRECT EXTERNAL

• 

Patients / Customers

• 

Corporate Clients

• 

Tenants

• 

Suppliers / Vendors / 

Landlords

INDIRECT EXTERNAL

• 

Government

• 

Authorities

• 

VWOs

• 

Local Communities

• 

Media

INDIRECT INTERNAL

• 

Contractors

2018

Additional reporting 

across Asia

Future

Goal setting to meet

UN SDGs 2030 Agenda


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020          9

CHANNELS &amp; TOUCHPOINTS (102-21) 

The Group engages the four pillars by reaching out to relevant stakeholders as follows.

STAKEHOLDERS

CHANNELS &amp; TOUCHPOINTS

CORPORATE 

CLIENTS

We engage our 7,000 corporate clients through a variety of platforms and 

touchpoints to ensure they remain updated on the latest trends and developments 

in the healthcare industry. Some of these initiatives include: 

• 

Weekly health advisory content from Raffles experts. 

• 

Quarterly in-house digital Raffles Healthnews publication.

• 

Monthly health e-newsletters on health trends and tips. 

• 

Regular client meetings for HR leaders and senior management.

• 

Client hospitality and networking events, where permitted.

• 

Scheduled meetings on data analytics.

• 

Health talks and webinars.

• 

Customised corporate events on employee wellness. 

• 

Raffles Connect mobile application. 

• 

Regular feedback through surveys.

EMPLOYEES

The welfare and wellbeing of our 2,700 strong workforce is at the heart of all we do 

for our employees. Our staff are constantly engaged and updated through a plethora 

of initiatives and some key internal platforms, that include:

• 

Monthly e-newsletters to overseas and local markets with the latest highlights 

and news of the month. 

• 

Raffles Recreation Club (REC Club) monthly e-newsletters that highlight staff 

perks and benefits through our partner network.

• 

Raffles Intranet which provides a platform for staff to be updated with company 

guidelines, news and key HR information. 

• 

Internal events such as Nurses Day, sports day, annual staff meetings, physician 

summits, annual management meetings, New Year gathering and department 

quarterly social outings. 

• 

E-newsletters, emails, intranet, one-to-one performance appraisals (mid-year 

and year-end), staff meetings, conferences and employee satisfaction surveys.

• 

REC Club initiated activities that include subsidised sports, healthy lifestyle 

initiatives, family-oriented art and culture internal events.

• 

Webinars, virtual conferences and over 200 online courses on various topics.

GOVERNMENT &amp; 

REGULATORS

Periodic reports of various performance and clinical indicators, quarterly and half 

yearly updates with the ministries and/or regulatory bodies.

SUPPLIERS &amp; 

CONTRACTORS

Tenders, request for quotations and request for proposals, tender interviews, site 

visits, regular meetings, and email correspondences.

SHAREHOLDERS

Annual General Meeting, half-yearly briefing sessions, conferences, small group and 

in-house meetings, emails and phone calls, corporate website and SGX updates.

MEDIA

Face-to-face meetings, emails, phone calls, media queries, media releases, media 

briefings and media events.

LOCAL 

COMMUNITIES

Corporate website, social media, webinars, seminars, partnership activities, and our 

integrated Raffles Connect.

VOLUNTARY 

WELFARE 

ORGANISATIONS

Regular discussions with Voluntary Welfare Organisations (VWOs) including the Asian 

Medical Foundation (AMF) to identify support needs, regular engagement with VWOs 

through employee volunteer initiatives.


10          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

KEY SUSTAINABILITY TOPICS (102-12, 102-15, 102-29, 102-31, 102-34, 102-44, 102-46, 

102-47)

 

We are committed to providing quality healthcare to our customers and strive to be their trusted partner for health.

CUSTOMERS

Strategic Area

Value Created

Challenges

Key Indicators

Targets

Access to 

Healthcare

• 

Comprehensive medical 

services 

• 

Team-based care with 

integrated records 

• 

Clinical governance Peer 

reviews 

• 

Quality assurance &amp; audits 

• 

Location of services within 

reach Primary care services 

• 

Satellite hubs with specialist 

services 

• 

Tertiary care facilities

Competition 

for manpower / 

talents

Access points for 

patient care

Number of access 

points to patient 

care

Patient Safety 

and Education

• 

Quality healthcare 

• 

Patient health advisories 

• 

Access to healthcare 

information, services and 

goods

• 

Patient 

education 

• 

Outreach to 

patients

Digital 

engagement

Digital outreach 

census

Data Protection

• 

Compliance with regulatory 

requirements and mitigation 

of risk

• 

Safekeeping of patient, 

corporate and strategic data

Patient 

understanding 

and consent

Compliance with

Singapore 

Personal Data 

Protection Act 

(PDPA)

100% compliance 

rate

Customer

Experience

Customer satisfaction     

Patient 

expectations     

Annual Customer 

Satisfaction Index 

of Singapore

Annual 

improvement

EMPLOYEES

Strategic Area

Value Created

Challenges

Key Indicators

Targets

Employee Safety 

and Security

Ensure the safety and security of 

employees

Workplace safety 

advocacy

Workplace Safety 

and Health (WSH) 

audit

Successful 

completion of 

WSH audit

Employee Health 

and Wellness

Improved physical and mental 

well-being of our employees

Programme 

advocacy

Availability 

of physical 

and wellness 

programmes 

Increased 

percentage 

of employee 

participation

Employee 

Retention

Improved retention rates

Competition for 

talents

Retention rate

Improvement of 

retention rate

Employee 

Volunteerism

• 

A socially responsible 

workforce 

• 

Strong community spirit

Meeting 

employee 

expectations 

on the choice of 

programme

Volunteerism 

hours

Improvement 

of volunteerism 

hours

Employee 

Training 

and Talent 

Development

Broaden skillsets for employees 

to add value in service to 

customers, and assume roles and 

responsibilities

Conducting face-

to-face training in 

view of pandemic

• 

Training 

hours 

• 

Course 

evaluation

Positive course 

evaluation ratings


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020          11

ENVIRONMENT

Strategic Area

Value Created

Challenges

Key Indicators

Targets

Energy

Reduced energy cost

Creating employee 

awareness

Green mark 

building audit and 

compliance

To reduce 

the electricity 

consumption index 

by 10% in tandem 

with GFA in the 

next 3 years

Waste

• 

Reduced 

disposal cost

• 

Reduced 

pollution to the 

environment

Creating employee 

awareness

Increase recycling

• 

To reduce the 

waste index by 

5% in tandem 

with GFA in the 

next 3 years.

• 

To increase 

our recycling 

capacity to 

include plastic, 

metal and food 

waste

Water Controls

Water conservation

Creating employee 

and patient 

awareness

Water consumption   

To reduce the water 

consumption index 

by 10% in tandem 

with GFA in the next 

3 years

MARKETPLACE

Strategic Area

Value Created

Challenges

Key Indicators

Targets

Fair Market

Practices

Transparent pricing 

schedules

Competition

MOH pricing 

guidelines

Compliance with 

MOH guidelines

Procurement

Practices

Contribute to 

economy and 

business growth

Rising operating cost

Tender evaluation 

criteria

Compliance 

with tender and 

procurement 

practices

Risk Management 

and Internal 

Controls

• 

Ensure 

adequate 

and 

effective risk 

management 

that is 

aligned with 

the Group’s 

business 

objectives

• 

Mitigate 

business risks

Keeping updated 

with the latest 

emerging threat and 

risk

• 

Code of conduct 

and business 

ethics

• 

Incident 

reporting 

mechanism

• 

Enterprise Risk 

Management 

(ERM)

Annual risk 

assessment 

conducted Group-

wide

Community

Development

Stronger public 

branding

Programme 

selection

Health campaigns

Completion of 

health awareness 

campaigns

Digital 

Transformation

Reach out and 

engage clients and 

patients

• 

Rapid 

technology 

changes

• 

Competition in 

the open market

Digital engagement

Digital outreach 

census


12          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

PRIORITISING IDENTIFIED ASPECTS (102-29)

HIGH

Occupational Health

&amp; Safety

• 

Employees

• 

Access to Healthcare

• 

Regulatory Compliance

• 

Patient Safety

MEDIUM

Energy, Water

• 

Procurement Practices

• 

Risk Management

• 

Training &amp; Education

• 

Economic Performance

• 

Customer Experience

• 

Data Protection

• 

Digital Transformation

LOW

Effluent &amp; Waste

Local Supplies

• 

Community

• 

Patient Education

-

LOW

MEDIUM

HIGH

Significance to Company

Importance to Stakeholders



All photographs were taken either pre-COVID-19 measures or in adherence to prevailing COVID-19 guidelines and safe distancing measures.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020          13

EMPLOYEES

Permanent Employees

2,766

2,631

2,538

2,403

Average Training Hours Per Employee

6.5

16

27

24

Training Expenditure Per Employee ($)

21.50*

238

382

526

Course Evaluation (%)

96

96

95

95

Staff Turnover Rate (%) 

22

28

30

20

Staff Performance Review Rate (%)

100

100

100

100

Hand Hygiene Compliance (%)

94

92

91

87

Workplace Injury Rate

16

19.5

12.5

12.5

RAFFLES VALUE CREATION SCORECARD (103-3, 201-1, 204-1, 301-1, 301-2, 302-1, 

401-1, 403-2, 403-3, 404-1, 404-3) 

Value creation is the primary goal of any business. Guided by our desire to create value for our stakeholders, we are 

driven to make better investment decisions that will enhance our long-term competitiveness and growth.

Strategic Area

FY 2020

FY 2019

FY2018

FY2017

CUSTOMERS

Customer Satisfaction Index

Raffles Hospital (Results from Customer Satisfaction Index of Singapore)

84**

75.5

75.1

74.6

Raffles Medical Clinics (%)

73

70

80

89

Patient Safety

Central Line-associated Blood Stream Infection Rate (zero per 1,000 

patient days)

0

0

0

0

Ventilator Associated Pneumonia Rate (zero per 1,000 patient days)

0

0

0

0

Catheter Associated Urinary Tract Infection Rate (zero per 1,000 patient 

days)

0

0

0

0

Unscheduled Readmission Within 30 Days Rate

1.2

1.4

1.2

1.1

ENVIRONMENT

Paper Consumption (ton)

47

50

41^

39^

Water Consumption Index (m3 / GFA)

1.18

1.38

1.89

2.11

Electricity Consumption Index (kWh / GFA)

186

175

233

358

General Waste (non-hazardous) Consumption Index (ton / GFA)

0.009

0.013

0.018

0.023

Biohazard Waste Index (bins / GFA)

0.098^^

0.056

0.095

0.118

Paper Recycled (ton)

78^^

42

26

17


14          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Operating Costs (including staff costs) (S$’000) 

511,346

448,956 

410,036 

401,330 

Staff Costs (S$’000) 

291,698

266,883 

246,182 

247,600 

Dividends Paid (including scrip dividends) (S$’000) 

46,607

45,697 

44,926 

39,847 

Dividend Payout Ratio (%)

71

76

63

56

Local-based suppliers (%)

99

99

99

99^

% of Actual Dollars Spent on Local-based Suppliers

98

99

99

99^

Employee Volunteerism (number of hours)

36+

214

162.5

94

Employee Volunteerism (number)

15+

107

48

47

Community Investment and Donations to Charities (S$)

3,200

17,324

638,600

410,400

Community Training Places

1,531

1,786

2,771

2,519

Internships and Clinical Attachments

383

528

483

352

Health Talks

10

63

28

25

^ Figures are based on consumption in Singapore only. 

^^ Note that FY2020 values are higher in these categories due to COVID-19 related Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) expenditure.

* Decrease is due to a greater emphasis on online learning.

+ Volunteerism was limited by the COVID-19 situation in 2020.

**Based on internal Customer Satisfaction Index score. The Customer Satisfaction Index of Singapore (CSISG) for the healthcare sector has ceased in 2020.

Strategic Area

FY 2020

FY 2019

FY2018

FY2017

MARKETPLACE

Revenue (S$’000)

568,203

522,038

489,135

477,583

EBITDA (S$’000)

123,937

105,428

102,508

95,078

Operating Profit (S$’000)

88,442

76,168

84,235

80,086

Profit After Tax (S$’000)

64,670

60,522

70,803

68,661

RAFFLES VALUE CREATION SCORECARD (103-3, 201-1, 204-1, 301-1, 301-2, 302-1, 

401-1, 403-2, 403-3, 404-1, 404-3) 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020          15



All photographs were taken either pre-COVID-19 measures or in adherence to prevailing COVID-19 guidelines and safe distancing measures.


16          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Customers 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020          17

CLINICAL QUALITY

OPERATIONAL QUALITY

FINANCIAL QUALITY

SERVICE QUALITY

• 

Clinical Performance 

Indicator

• 

Clinical Outcome

• 

Clinical Audit

• 

Clinical Resource 

Utilisation

• 

Hospital

• 

24 Hours Emergency

• 

GP Clinics

• 

Specialist Centres

• 

Manage Costs

• 

Value for Money

• 

Service Recognition

• 

Service Charter

• 

Grooming &amp; Service 

Standards

• 

Staff Engagement &amp; 

Communication

• 

Customer Experience 

Improvement Initiatives

• 

Service Training

• 

Voice of the Customer

• 

Service Performance 

Measurement

• 

Customer Experience 

Metrics

ASSURE

Best Outcome

BUILD

Seamless Service

CREATE

Value

DELIGHT

with Personalised Care

QUALITY COMMITTEE

Quality Policy/ Service 

Vision &amp; Intent

Quality Management 

System

Performance 

Measurement

Quality

Evangelism

Listening

Strategy

+

+

+

+

Our Approach

Our customers are at the heart of what we do. We forge long-lasting relationships with our patients and customers. 

We do this by consistently delivering quality and reliable healthcare services and solutions that meets and exceeds 

their expectations. Frequent engagements and multiple feedback channels ensure we stay relevant to their needs. 

Delivering High-Quality and Holistic Care

CUSTOMER HEALTH &amp; SAFETY (416-1)

Our group practice model allows healthcare professionals to have seamless coordination across the continuum of 

care and deliver safe, effective, timely and patient-centric care. We resolve to provide the best care possible for our 

patients, and deliver on our promise to be your trusted partner for health. As we continue to grow our footprint in 

the region, we are committed to bringing more value to our customers through quality healthcare services. We are 

continuously striving for the best outcomes for our patients, customers and the communities we operate in.


18          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

EARLY ASSESSMENT TEAM (EAT) 

Initiated by the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) team, the Early Assessment 

Team (EAT) was set up to develop an effective means of preventing 

unscheduled ICU readmission and introduce early intervention 

during clinical deterioration to improve patient outcomes. 

EAT comprises of doctors (Hospital Physicians) and nurses equipped 

with ICU training, who are able to promptly identify patients whose 

conditions are deteriorating and provide them with undivided care 

and attention at the most crucial time. There is also a critical care 

expert on standby to help manage the patient in crisis. 

Through the EAT initiative, we have observed improvements in 

these key aspects:

• 

Reduced number of ICU readmissions

• 

Decreased hospital mortality

• 

Shortened hospital length of stay

• 

Reduced healthcare costs

• 

Increased ICU bed availability

• 

Enhanced multi-disciplinary communication and collaboration

The EAT was fully implemented for all inpatient settings in January 2020. From Q1 2020 to Q4 2020, a total of 

65 ICU cases were transferred to the general ward. Out of these cases, only three (4.6%) were reported as an 

unscheduled return to ICU, with no adverse events or mortality cases. 

General ward nurses also have the opportunity to learn how to better manage patients in deterioration with the 

support of the EAT, giving them more confidence and alleviating their work stress. 

FOLLOW-UP PHONE CALL ON DISCHARGE 

Following a successful pilot in year 2019, we launched the post-discharge follow-up phone call initiative to cover all 

inpatients in the year 2020. This initiative is part of our ongoing efforts to provide holistic care for our patients to 

check in on our patient’s overall well-being within three to four days of discharge, through a phone call. The phone 

call allows us to identify issues early and provide timely intervention and assistance as required. 

Through this initiative, we hope to achieve: 

• 

Increased patient satisfaction 

• 

Stronger rapport and trust with our patients 

• 

Greater support for caregivers 

• 

Reduced number of readmissions 

RAFFLES NURSING TIMES NEWSLETTER

Raffles Hospital launched our inaugural Nursing Times 

e-newsletter in June 2020, as an initiative under the global 

Nightingale Challenge. The Nursing Times e-newsletter 

serves as a platform to engage and inspire our nurses, 

encourage the exchange of ideas, and keep everyone 

abreast with the latest hospital practices and updates.





All photographs were taken either pre-COVID-19 measures or in adherence to prevailing COVID-19 guidelines and safe distancing measures.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020          19

CUSTOMER SERVICE EXCELLENCE

Through the year, we have actively implemented various service improvement initiatives to equip our staff with the 

relevant skills and tools to serve our patients and customers, achieving better client satisfaction and outcomes.

We have successfully attained a top three ranking as a private hospital under the 2019 Customer Satisfaction 

Index of Singapore (CSISG). Our scores for the CSISG has continued to improve year-on-year, a testament to our 

commitment to service excellence, bringing value to our customers. 

In 2020, led by our Customer Experience Management (CEM) team, we started a series of service campaigns and 

initiatives as part of introducing a revamped Service Excellence Framework to our staff.  

The revamped Service Excellence Framework lays out a four-pronged “GEAR” approach, aimed at Guiding, 

Empowering, Advancing and Recognising all our staff to become outstanding service ambassadors for RMG. 

Under each of these four pillars, the CEM team developed a suite of new materials and updated existing materials 

with a primary focus on empowering and equipping staff with relevant service excellence skills and knowledge. 

As part of GEAR, the inaugural Service Excellence Staff Handbook was introduced to all employees. This 

handbook outlines new service standards and guiding principles for every employee. 

G

GUIDE

Guiding Our Staff

Service Standards with an IMPACT!

EMPOWER

Enabling Our Staff

Service Tools

ADVANCE

Developing Our Staff

Service Excellence Training Roadmap

Service Excellence Workshops and 

Coaching Sessions

RECOGNIZE

Rewarding Our Staff

Service Recognition Programme







Grooming 

Guide Staff 

Handbook



Service 

Excellence Staff 

Handbook 

E

A

R

All photographs were taken either pre-COVID-19 measures or in adherence to prevailing COVID-19 guidelines and safe distancing measures.


20          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Other service improvement initiatives were also rolled out to enhance patient experience and engagement such as:



EMERGENCY CARE COLLABORATION 

Raffles Hospital is the first and only private hospital in Singapore to take in subsidised care patients brought in 

by SCDF ambulances through the Emergency Care Collaboration (ECC) scheme with the Ministry of Health (MOH). 

Since June 2015, the hospital has attended to and treated many patients who pay subsidised rates. In this way, 

RMG supports the public healthcare system by sharing patient loads with the public hospitals, contributing to the 

national effort to ensure every individual in Singapore receives care in a timely manner. 

Recognising the successful collaboration, MOH signed a five-year extension with Raffles Hospital in June 2017.

Raffles Hospital also collaborated with Khoo Teck Puat Hospital, Tan Tock Seng Hospital, Changi General Hospital 

and Ng Teng Fong General Hospital for transfer cases as part of the ECC, to help ease inpatient caseloads in these 

public hospitals.

Service Roll Call by Senior Management with staff from (left) Business Centre and (right) Heart Centre.



Service Engagement Round with CEM and staff from RM@MBFC.



Service Roll Call sessions continue to be carried out in 2020, as led by the Group’s Senior Management to 

emphasise service excellence, and acknowledge employees across all respective business units who have 

received compliments from patients for providing good service.

CEM also kick-started the Service Engagement Round programme, introduced to help our employees to be 

more service-oriented, inculcate the importance of empathy and enhance employees’ communication skills.





 “Compliment Us!” 

staff recognition 

campaign to encourage 

patients to submit 

compliments for our 

excellent staff. 

“SG, May I Help You?” 

service campaign to 

remind staff to serve 

with an impact – Smile, 

Greet and Assist. 

All photographs were taken either pre-COVID-19 measures or in adherence to prevailing COVID-19 guidelines and safe distancing measures.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020          21

TRAUMA ACCREDITED HOSPITAL 

Raffles Hospital was accredited and certified as a trauma 

hospital by the National Trauma Committee, Singapore in June 

2018. We are the first private hospital in Singapore to receive 

this accreditation. 

Our Accident &amp; Emergency department is equipped and 

ready to receive trauma patients and medical emergencies at 

any time. Supported by more than 100 specialists in Raffles 

Hospital, we tend to both private patients as well as patients 

brought in by SCDF ambulances through the ECC scheme  

with MOH. 

ENSURING QUALITY OUTCOMES 

To help us better plan for and deliver quality patient care, Raffles Hospital conducted a survey on our Patient 

Safety Culture referencing the renowned Agency for Healthcare Research Quality (AHRQ) survey methodology.

The survey measured 12 dimensions of patient safety culture, with approximately three in five respondents who 

agree that the Hospital Management prioritises an environment that promotes patient safety. 

RMG closely monitors patient safety indicators to gain insights and understanding of issues. Aligned to MOH 

licensing and accreditation standards, Raffles Hospital measures clinical performance on these key themes:

• 

Unscheduled readmission 

• 

Hospital acquired infections 

• 

Falls 

• 

Medication related events 

• 

Surgery related events 

• 

Clinical outcome by speciality  

These are discussed at the respective Quality Assurance (QA) committees to seek improvement measures.

QUALITY PROMOTION PLATFORMS 

Clinical 

• 

Annual Infection Control cum Quality Day 

• 

Annual World Hand Hygiene Day 

• 

Infection control liaison coordinators 

• 

Basic / Advance Infection Control Courses 

• 

Advance Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) Course 

• 

E-learning Courses 

Operations / Services 

• 

Training in workplace safety and Quality Tools 

• 

Service quality 

• 

Inter-departmental sharing of projects and highlights 

Raffles Hospital also subscribes to MOH clinical surveillance and reporting to promote transparent public reporting. 

ACCESS TO PATIENT EDUCATION MATERIALS &amp; HEALTH ADVISORIES 

The Group creates and shares publicly on various platforms, patient education information that can be beneficial 

to patients and members of the public. These platforms include the corporate website, social media channels 

including Facebook, Instagram and YouTube, electronic direct mailers and printed brochures and materials. 

Patients are provided with relevant patient education information when required or requested.




22          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Delivering Enhanced Value 

CLINICAL ADVANCEMENTS 

During the peak of the pandemic in early 2020, Raffles Hospital started outfitting and ramping up our COVID-19 

Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) Molecular Laboratory to support national efforts to expand testing services. 

This enabled us to provide timely, reliable testing to the nation and industry partners. 

In line with Safe Management Measures, we also supported the tourism and events sectors by providing pre-

departure and pre-event swabbing services, when called upon. 

 

In another area of clinical advancement, Raffles Hospital launched its radiation oncology service in 2020, despite the 

challenges posed by the ongoing pandemic. Acknowledging the existing needs of our cancer patients, introducing 

the radiation oncology service provides them with more treatment choices in their fight against cancer. 

CLINICAL RESEARCH &amp; DEVELOPMENT

Raffles Hospital is involved in several clinical trials, which enable our local and overseas patients to access novel 

therapies and diagnostics. Raffles Hospital also supports academic and observational studies where our clinicians 

assess disease risk factors, observe the effect of diagnostic tests, treatments or interventions to develop better 

clinical guidelines and decision making. 

24/7 HEALTHCARE ACCESS VIA DIGITAL PLATFORMS 

Following the successful launch of Raffles Connect in 2019, the app 

was further enhanced to offer new healthcare services to improve 

patient experience and minimise crowds amid the pandemic. 

These enhancements include:

• 

Teleconsultation service

• 

eQueue registration number ahead of clinic visits

• 

App-based booking of PCR test at more than 30 Raffles Medical 

clinics island wide

By enabling the pre-booking of appointments on the app, the 

eQueue registration function as well as provision of teleconsultation 

services, we were able to support better crowd management and a 

friction-free patient experience, bringing added convenience for  

our patients. 

In addition to the digitisation of receipts, medical certificates as 

well as PCR test results ensured that key information was made 

accessible for users of Raffles Connect. This initiative has brought 

about significant increase in app downloads.

As part of existing guidelines for visitors to the hospital by MOH, all visitors are required to fill out a health 

declaration form by MOH ahead of entering the premises. We acted quickly to integrate this form into the Raffles 

Connect app, reducing the number of questions requiring manual input by more than half through the auto-fill 

function. This ensured frequent visitors could complete this form seamlessly and quickly, helping to reduce the 

crowd at the entrance of the hospital daily. 

As part of ongoing efforts to enhance patient experience through digitalisation, RMG also invested resources on 

the Group’s website revamp in the year 2020, with the goal of easing the process of locating the Group’s general 

practice and specialist clinics, accessing relevant medical information and services, booking appointments, and 

making enquiries, for users.




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020          23

DIGITALISING HEALTHCARE SYSTEMS &amp; SERVICES

The Group invests substantially in IT systems, including electronic medical records, to provide safe and efficient 

medical care for our patients, while contributing to the national and global sustainability agenda. Some of the IT 

initiatives we have implemented are as follows: 

• 

Airport Border screening e-Roster system – Implemented in April 2020, the e-Roster system deploys 

resources across multiple swab stations efficiently during the COVID-19 outbreak. Healthcare assistants (HCA) 

could easily scan a QR code to check in and out of their working timeslots, which allowed for easy recording to 

manage remuneration and manpower.  

 

To enhance efficiency at the Airport Border screening operations, we tapped on technology to automate 

processes. This included automated compilation of reports to be sent to government agencies, the use of 

dashboards to track report delivery timings, as well as sending arrival passengers their swab test results 

seamlessly via email. 

• 

National Electronic Health Record (NEHR) Lab submission collaboration – Raffles Lab started 

contributing COVID-19 results data to NEHR since October 2020.  The RMG IT team worked closely with 

Integrated Health Information Systems (IHiS) to establish a seamless system integration with NEHR, providing 

COVID-19 test results efficiently and accurately for both patients and healthcare workers. This, in turn, 

improves patient safety and enhances patient experience. 

• 

Raffles Clinic Management System (RCMS) and Electronic Medical Record (EMR) – Implemented in the 

first seven months of 2020 across our clinics in Singapore, Hong Kong SAR, Vietnam and Cambodia, these 

systems integrate registration, billing, and medicine dispensary information securely so that it is accessible 

and provides an overview of all records in a single system, within each country. This enables our doctors to 

view patient records and use the EMR system for their respective practice.  

• 

Raffles Hospital Chongqing (RHCQ) – RHCQ was accepted as a designated hospital under Chongqing’s 

social health insurance programme, Yibao, making us one of the few international hospitals admitted into 

this national programme. Yibao, which officially went ”live” on 10 February 2020, allows local patients to be 

reimbursed for their medical expenditure or to co-pay their medical bills; as well as to seek medical treatment 

in RHCQ. Notably, this partnership has allowed the RHCQ Hospital Information System (HIS) to access both 

local Chongqing Yibao and cross province Yibao patients’ data to help us instantly verify the accuracy of 

information, ensure correct billing processing, and collect payments conveniently. Yibao users will simply 

need to scan a physical or digital Yibao card to make payment seamlessly or make payments via WeChat  

or Alipay.  

• 

Raffles Hospital Beijing – Despite the COVID-19 outbreak in 2020, Raffles Hospital Beijing continued to make 

progress in implementing relevant IT systems to improve operational efficiency. These include the Hospital 

Information System (HIS), Electronic Medical Records (EMR), Hospital Resource Planning (Human Resource, 

Material Management and Finance), Radiology and Laboratory systems. All these systems are interfaced 

together, providing real time data and medical information for clinicians and staff, thereby improving 

healthcare standards and productivity. 

 

GOVERNMENT SCHEMES – COMMUNITY HEALTH ASSISTANCE SCHEME, PIONEER GENERATION AND 

MERDEKA GENERATION SUBSIDY PROGRAMMES 

All Raffles Medical and Raffles Dental clinics participate in the Community Health Assistance Scheme (CHAS), 

Pioneer Generation (PG) and Merdeka Generation (MG) subsidy programmes to support the Singapore 

government’s efforts to serve the less privileged in the community. Singapore Citizens from lower-to middle-

income households, Merdeka Generation, and all Pioneers, receive subsidies for their healthcare needs. For 

patients with chronic conditions, CHAS complements the Chronic Disease Management Programme (CDMP) 

which allows patients to tap on their Medisave to defray part of the chronic conditions outpatient treatments 

covered under CHAS and also enjoy CHAS subsidies for treatment.

All photographs were taken either pre-COVID-19 measures or in adherence to prevailing COVID-19 guidelines and safe distancing measures.


24          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Delivering Best Outcomes 

Raffles Hospital aligns itself to MOH licensing and accreditation regulation requirements and its standards. A two-

yearly renewal requirement, Raffles Hospital assures continued subscription to the licensing and accreditation 

regulation and its standards, which is rigorous and demands better care and patient safety to be paramount.

In addition, Raffles Hospital adopts international best practice on Patient Safety priorities. 

These priorities are: 

• 

Accurate identification of patients

• 

Improve effective communication 

• 

Improve the safety of high-alert medications 

• 

Ensure safe surgery 

• 

Reduce the risk of healthcare-associated infections 

• 

Reduce the risk of patient harm resulting from falls 

CLINICAL AUDITS 

Clinical audits are done as part of RMG’s medical professional clinical governance. In addition to mortality and 

morbidity review, the following committees look into the different areas of clinical quality programmes: 

• 

Medical Audit Committee 

• 

Surgical Audit Committee 

• 

Pharmacy &amp; Therapeutics Committee 

• 

Infection Control Committee 

• 

Operating Theatre Committee 

• 

Blood Transfusion and Tissue Review Committee 

• 

Patient Case Review Committee 

• 

Critical Care Committee 

• 

Trauma Committee 

• 

Transplant Committee

The Quality Committee, who has overall oversight of these committees, 

reviews and evaluates their activities and programmes with collective decision 

that benefits the organisation to promote patient safety.

CLINICAL RESOURCE UTILISATION 

Resource utilisation is embedded in the Quality Assurance committee’s terms 

of reference to help the Group look into accessibility of services through the 

use of data. This allows Raffles Hospital to optimise limited resources to ensure 

we meet our patients’ needs.

INCIDENT REPORTING 

The Group’s leadership advocates sharing of feedback by our healthcare 

professionals across all spectrums in Raffles Hospital. This includes reporting 

on an event, a process or condition that causes harm or has the potential to 

cause harm or injury to our patients and customers. 

In addition, there is proactive review of clinical incidences and feedback where a team of healthcare professionals 

relevant to that process comes together for general consensus following an in-depth deliberation. There are also 

processes in place for group-wide escalation and standardisation. This culture of maintaining open conversations 

and accountability ensures we have the opportunity to improve on current practices.



All photographs were taken either pre-COVID-19 measures or in adherence to prevailing COVID-19 guidelines and safe distancing measures.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020          25



All photographs were taken either pre-COVID-19 measures or in adherence to prevailing COVID-19 guidelines and safe distancing measures.


26          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Employees


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020          27

Our Approach

RMG is a holistic employer that focuses on developing the careers of our employees, as well as ensuring their 

physical and emotional wellbeing. Every year, we conduct basic health screening, seasonal influenza vaccinations, 

and also organise other health and wellness activities to engage our employees. The annual health screenings 

provide employees with greater awareness of their health status while exercise classes and various wellness 

activities organised by the Raffles Recreation Club provide a platform for employees to adopt a healthier lifestyle. 

However, the number of physical fitness classes offered were limited in 2020 due to the pandemic.

Since 2012, we have offered 49 RMG scholarships and sponsorships to 

groom healthcare professionals and future business leaders. In 2020, a total 

of 11 employees received RMG sponsorships for diploma and tertiary level 

qualifications including an Executive Master of Business Administration course. 

As we expand our regional presence, we will offer scholarships to both local and 

international students over the next few years with the aim to nurture a pipeline 

of talents. In addition, we will continue to nurture and sponsor high potential 

employees to help them strengthen both their technical and leadership skills for 

personal development and career advancement. 

We also disbursed 17 bursary awards in 2020 to our employees’ children in 

support of education needs, with the aim to provide financial assistance to 

these children. 

In the same year, we underwent an organisational restructuring and have expanded our key management team 

with the addition of key management personnel at the Group level, for both our Singapore and overseas offices.

Talent Development &amp; Retention (404-2)  

HIRING, RECRUITMENT AND RETENTION 

In 2020, it was critical for us to ramp up our recruitment within a short timeframe to support the ongoing 

operational changes as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Some of these projects included mandatory temperature 

screening, health declaration and safe entry requirements to ensure the safety of our patients and visitors. 

Despite the restriction of foreign patients entering into Singapore, it was critical for us to ensure that we could 

keep operations at a rate where our full staff strength could be retained and be meaningfully employed to 

support national efforts to fight against COVID-19, given the different COVID-19 projects that RMG was involved 

in. As such, we extended our healthcare services and solutions to outside of our usual hospital and clinic settings 

to the airport, dormitories, and Community Care and Recovery Facilities. We deployed our nurses and operations 

employees to the frontline and hired more than a thousand healthcare assistants and nurses to help strengthen 

our operational capabilities. At the peak of the pandemic, we even deployed our nurses from China and Vietnam 

to our foreign worker dormitory swabbing activities and Community Care and Recovery Facilities. 

With the gradual reopening of the economy in Singapore, RMG 

continued to optimise our manpower deployment to support 

other national initiatives, keeping our employees fully engaged and 

productive. One example of this is the involvement of RMG employees 

in the pre-departure and arrival swab operations of Singapore’s first 

Cruise-to-Nowhere passengers at Marina Bay Cruise Centre. 

We continued to strengthen hiring for key business functions in the 

hospital, primary care networks, and health insurance arm to meet the 

needs of our customers, patients and stakeholders. 





All photographs were taken either pre-COVID-19 measures or in adherence to prevailing COVID-19 guidelines and safe distancing measures.


28          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Overall, various avenues and platforms were tapped into to extend outreach to clinical and non-clinical 

professionals from different medical specialties and functions. To date, the staff strength of RMG is diverse and 

comprises a mix of reputable local professionals, top international talents, and functional leads in the healthcare 

industry. They include specialists, physicians, nurses, allied health professionals, and managers from Singapore, 

Malaysia, Vietnam, Philippines, China, and Europe. 

TRAINING, LEARNING AND DEVELOPMENT 

The Group strongly believes in the personal development of our staff and are committed to nurturing employees 

who embody our values and culture. Accordingly, Raffles Healthcare Institute (RHCI), the education arm of RMG, 

was commissioned in 2013 with the objective of training local and overseas healthcare professionals and  

operation staff. 

We will continue to invest in developing our employees through specific knowledge and skills they need in their 

jobs. Building a world-class team with high-level capabilities not only helps the business, it also supports us 

as a choice employer. Employees are also offered various training initiatives such as mandatory core training, 

department specific functional training, on-the-job training, cross-training in multiple functions, and mentoring.

At RMG, it is vital for employees to keep themselves abreast of the latest technological and industry 

developments. The Group is constantly creating opportunities for employees to grow through continuous 

training and professional development. Employees are also given the opportunity to upgrade their skills and 

qualifications through study sponsorships. 

DIGITISING TRAINING OFFERING

To ensure continuity of training services during the pandemic, RHCI leveraged online learning platforms (such as 

Zoom and Microsoft Teams) to conduct webinars, virtual conferences, and e-workshops for their employees. To 

supplement online training, the Institute partnered with Singapore Institute of Management and NTUC Learning 

Hub to offer a buffet of learning resources for employees. With more than 200 online courses packaged as bite 

size learning modules, employees can select from a wide array of topics in business management and personal 

development to engage in self-directed learning.



All photographs were taken either pre-COVID-19 measures or in adherence to prevailing COVID-19 guidelines and safe distancing measures.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020          29

AMERICAN NURSES CREDENTIALING CENTRE (ANCC) ACCREDITATION

Apart from digital learning, the Nursing Education Department contributed to the accreditation (with distinction) of 

Raffles Hospital as a provider of Nursing Continuing Professional Development. This accreditation by the American 

Nurses Credentialing Center (ANCC) is testament to the professionalism of our nurses, who have access to quality 

nursing education coupled with exposure to international best practices in nursing and clinical care. The ANCC 

Accreditation has placed Raffles Hospital among a distinguished group of providers that demonstrate quality and 

excellence in the curriculum design and delivery of Continuing Nursing Education. We are proud to be the first 

private hospital in Singapore to be conferred with this award. This means that we are fully capable of delivering 

evidence-based professional education that adheres to global standards.

 

For more information on ANCC Accreditation Program, please visit: 

https://www.nursingworld.org/organizational-programs/accreditation/find-an-accredited-organization.

SUPPORTING MOH-LED COVID-19 PROJECTS

To support national efforts in the fight against COVID-19, the Raffles Corporate Wellness Division facilitated train 

the trainer workshops to grow their pool of infection control trainers to conduct unit specific competency training 

for frontline staff and corporate clients.  Healthcare professionals who were proficient in infection control protocols 

(e.g. Nasopharyngeal (NP) and Oropharyngeal (OP) swabbing, PPE, Mask Fitting, and the Management of Infectious 

Diseases) were deployed to support MOH led COVID-19 projects, such as Air Border Screening, and initiatives at 

Foreign Worker Dormitories, Marina Bay Cruise Centre, Changi Exhibition Centre and Singapore Expo.

Tapping on our Raffles Connect app, we were also one of the Telemedicine (TM) Providers in the Regulatory 

Sandbox, as appointed by MOH, to provide primary care for simple acute conditions via video consultations to all 

foreign workers residing in dormitories, Construction Temporary Quarters (CTQs), and any other areas directed  

by MOH.

Advocating Workplace Safety (403-1, 403-4)

TOTAL WORKPLACE SAFETY &amp; HEALTH (WSH) 

Total WSH, is an integrated approach to managing safety, health and employee wellbeing at the workplace. 

Because safety and health are interrelated, a healthy workforce is a safe and productive workforce.

At RMG, WSH-related training is a regular training where our employees are equipped with knowledge on how 

they can perform their work safely yet efficiently. One of the training programmes, 5S Housekeeping, which is a 

common training in most industries, has been customised for our employees to include a component for safety. 

The programme is renamed as 6S Housekeeping. Apart from imparting knowledge on identifying wastages and 

redundancies to streamline and improve our processes and systems in a safe manner, the training also promotes 

stronger employee commitment and ownership. Fatigue Management training was also developed in-house to 

enable staff to identify signs and symptoms of fatigue and adopt measures that could be taken to alleviate it. 





All photographs were taken either pre-COVID-19 measures or in adherence to prevailing COVID-19 guidelines and safe distancing measures.


30          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH &amp; SAFETY (403-1, 403-4) 

Since 2013, RMG is a certified BizSAFE Level 3 Company awarded by the Workplace Safety and Health (WSH) 

Council Singapore based on an independent audit by a Ministry of Manpower (MOM) approved WSH Auditor. 

RMG continues to subscribe to BizSAFE Level 3 requirements and accreditation.

As a commitment towards maintaining a safe and healthy work environment for our employees in compliance 

with legislative requirements, the Group is committed to:

• 

Comply with all statutory safety and health requirements, and other existing standards and guidelines.

• 

Eliminate hazards or adopt reasonably practicable means to reduce the risk of injury to its employees to an 

acceptable level. 

• 

Seek the involvement of various stakeholders to effectively implement WSH Policy objectives. 

• 

Improve continuously through on-going reviews of WSH mechanisms. 

• 

Provide adequate resources to ensure compliance with WSH Act and its Regulations. 

• 

Prepare its employees and build up organisational resilience to manage and respond to terror threats. 

RMG is also represented in the national Workplace Safety &amp; Health Council (Healthcare) that works closely 

with the MOM and other government agencies, the industry, unions, and professional associations to develop 

strategies to raise WSH standards in Singapore.

All risk assessment and supporting documents submitted by contractors are pre-evaluated prior by the Safety 

team, Facilities team and the Infection Control team to ensure all possible Workplace Safety &amp; Health risks 

associated with construction and renovation projects are adequately addressed. Regular inspections carried out 

by these teams ensure all areas of non-compliance are rectified immediately to safeguard the well-being of the 

staff, patients and visitors. 

ANNUAL REVIEW OF RISK ASSESSMENTS

The Group adopts Risk Assessment review annually, which is more frequent than the national regulatory 

requirement of once in three years. This rigorous effort enforces and ensures that our employees take 

ownership to: 

• 

 Assess their respective work processes and activities 

• 

 Identify process change, new workplace hazard and / or patient safety concerns 

• 

 Revise and update the organisational risk register

The Group has also incorporated SGSecure component into our risk assessment to mitigate potential terror 

threats, which is in line with the national movement. 



All photographs were taken either pre-COVID-19 measures or in adherence to prevailing COVID-19 guidelines and safe distancing measures.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020          31

Strengthening the RMG Culture 

FAIR EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES 

RMG aims to eliminate discrimination on all grounds and promotes equal opportunities, and a fair working 

environment for all our employees. We adopt a human resources policy that combines a role-based system 

that grades individual employees based on the extent of their roles, with a performance-based approach to 

evaluation, and compensation based on the outcomes of their job performance within their respective roles. 

We respect the right of employees to adhere to normal or agreed working hours in accordance with the  

Company Policy established in compliance with the laws and regulations. 

The Group is committed to ensure that the welfare of workers and labour conditions within its supply chain 

meets or exceeds recognised standards. 

DIVERSITY 

At RMG, diversity in our workforce is critical in giving us the added advantage of strength and local knowledge 

because of the diverse markets and patient-groups that we serve. 

The Group supports the Tripartite Guidelines on the re-employment of older employees. 

CONDUCIVE WORKING ENVIRONMENT 

The Group works hand in hand with our employees to build a conducive workplace. Employees’ inputs are 

important which is why various feedback channels are provided for them to contribute to the improvement of the 

workplace. RMG adopts an inclusive culture and open approach so as to keep the team aligned with the Group’s 

actions and directions, in our journey to shape the future of healthcare. 

At RMG, employees’ views are actively sought after and acted upon, creating an inclusive work environment 

based on mutual trust and respect. The senior management values employees’ feedback and takes the lead in 

creating an inclusive work culture.

Large-scale meetings such as the Annual Staff Meeting and Annual Management Meeting are held (physically 

and/or virtually as required in view of COVID-19 and social distancing considerations) to keep employees posted 

on the Group’s results and performance as well as important developments that are in the pipeline. At the same 

time, these platforms help employees to forge closer working relations and engagement across teams. 

Subject to social distancing considerations, quarterly social engagements are funded by RMG to encourage the 

respective departments to hold social activities for its employees. Professional consultation and referrals under 

the Employee Assistance Programme (EAP) are also available to help employees gain insights on their emotional 

wellbeing and seek treatment if necessary. 









All photographs were taken either pre-COVID-19 measures or in adherence to prevailing COVID-19 guidelines and safe distancing measures.


32          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

EMPLOYEE WELLNESS &amp; BENEFITS (401-2) 

RMG aims to provide a work environment that is safe and conducive for every employee. Each year, the company 

provides free health screening and vaccination for all employees with an option to upgrade to a comprehensive 

health screening with their flexi-benefits. RMG understands that every employee has different needs, and 

therefore, offers benefits packages with different options and flexibility to meet the needs of eligible employees 

and their family members. 

Employee benefits include: 

• 

Medical and dental consultation and / or treatment reimbursement 

• 

Hospitalisation benefits 

• 

Comprehensive health screening applicable to employees above 40 years old 

• 

Additional insurance coverage (other than Work Injury Compensation insurance coverage) 

• 

Transport allowance 

• 

Training and development 

• 

Reimbursement for professional fees with professional associations 

• 

Long Service Award 

Part-time employees enjoy pro-rated 

benefits in accordance with their 

working hours. 

PARENTAL LEAVE (401-3) 

RMG employees are eligible for 

parental leave, maternity leave, 

paternity leave and childcare leave, 

in line with the Ministry of Social and 

Family Development’s guidelines.





All photographs were taken either pre-COVID-19 measures or in adherence to prevailing COVID-19 guidelines and safe distancing measures.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020          33




34          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Environment


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020          35

Our Approach

Climate change affects everyone and it is critical for organisations to adopt increasingly environmentally 

friendly ways of operating. 

At RMG, we recognise that a low carbon business strategy is not only good for the environment but enables us 

to respond to climate change regulations swiftly, and manage our business more efficiently. We have worked 

with our partners, government agencies and suppliers to continuously advance our efforts in this area. 

As we expand our global footprint, we continue to advocate the pursuit of energy efficiency practices with 

lower environmental impacts, including energy and water conservation, and increased recycling activities at all 

our facilities.

Energy &amp; Resource Conservation (302-1, 302-4, 302-5)  

RAFFLES HOSPITAL – FOOD WASTE INITIATIVES

As part of efforts to reduce our environmental footprint, Raffles Hospital has invested in a food waste digester to 

reduce food waste disposal.

With the food waste digester, food wastes are converted into grey water which is discharged into the general 

public sewer and can be recycled. This reduces food waste disposal by approximately 3-ton per month. The food 

waste digester will be commissioned in Q2 of 2021 and all tenants within the hospital are encouraged to be part 

of the initiative.





All photographs were taken either pre-COVID-19 measures or in adherence to prevailing COVID-19 guidelines and safe distancing measures.


36          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

RAFFLES SPECIALIST CENTRE – PLATINUM GREEN 

MARK STAGE 2 VERIFICATION

Raffles Specialist Centre was officially verified as a 

Platinum Green Mark building by the Building and 

Construction Authority (BCA) in December 2020, 

underscoring our commitment towards environmental 

sustainability. BCA had issued the Green Mark decal as 

credential for display at our main entrance to showcase 

the achievement in sustainable design and operations.

BETTER ENERGY MANAGEMENT 

Our total electrical energy consumption index has 

increased slightly in 2020 mainly due to the increase 

in consumption by our China Hospital, Raffles Hospital 

Chongqing as they open up more completed floors for 

patients. To work towards our target of reducing the 

electricity consumption index in the next three years, 

the Group will be implementing IoT sensors in critical 

systems that consume high energy in 2021. We are in the 

process of finalising the details of the projects specifically 

for Raffles Hospital and Raffles Holland V Mall with our 

partners and also on the cost of investments.

Recycling

 

WASTE MINIMISATION AND RECYCLING

Our general waste consumption index has continued to 

drop in 2020 to 0.009 ton/GFA. Recycling effort has paid 

off and the amount of paper recycled has reached our 

target of 50 tonnes a year. 

We are setting new targets to recycle more plastic, metal and food waste in 2021. We started a pilot in  

Raffles Holland V Mall to recycle plastic (0.2 ton) and metal (0.3 ton) in 2020 and will be rolling this out at 

Raffles Hospital.

Biohazard waste has, however, increased in 2020 mainly due to the pandemic situation and our contribution to 

national efforts in swabbing and operating community care facilities had resulted in higher consumption of PPE.

Water Conservation (303-3)

 

IMPROVED WATER EFFICIENCY &amp; AWARENESS 

Our water consumption index continue to drop in 2020 as compared to 2019. We will continue to step up checks 

in all water fittings and target to complete one water recycling project in 2021.

We are currently in talks with the Public Utilities Board (PUB) to explore the possibility of recycling our air 

handling unit (AHU) condensate in an effort to reduce water consumption. 

GREEN PRODUCTS

The Group is working with partners to provide only Green labelled products for use in Raffles Hospital and 

Raffles Specialist Centre. Since 2020, Raffles Hospital and Raffles Specialist Centre have been using environmental 

friendly cleaning agents, disinfectant chemicals and toiletries products with Green seal.




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020          37



All photographs were taken either pre-COVID-19 measures or in adherence to prevailing COVID-19 guidelines and safe distancing measures.


38          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Marketplace


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020          39

Our Approach

Despite the global pandemic outbreak in 2020, the Group continued to grow financially and contributed positively 

to the economy through creation of rewarding jobs in Singapore and regionally. Through efficient use of resources 

coupled with strong financial management, we were able to grow responsibly as a company in order to provide our 

employees, shareholders and partners with positive economic returns. 

RMG doctors, dentists and nurses continued to engage in community outreach activities such as conducting basic 

health screening sessions, giving health education talks and advice on healthy ageing to senior citizens. Participants 

are encouraged to share their knowledge within their social circles, thereby raising awareness of healthy ageing in the 

community. Our doctors are also involved in running clinics for foreign workers on a regular basis.

In addition, we invested in strategic corporate social responsibility programmes to contribute to the wellbeing of 

the Singapore community. 

Moving forward, we target to maintain a financially strong and healthy balance sheet and cash flow to create long-

term value for our stakeholders.

Our Community (413-1) 

RMG is proud to do our part as a responsible corporate citizen, investing time and resources to make a positive impact 

to the communities that we operate in. Among our employees, we promote and organise corporate volunteerism 

activities that focus on instilling a culture of giving back. This is in line with our core value of Compassion. 

VOLUNTEERISM 

Since June 2015, doctors and TCM physicians from RMG have visited the Zion Home for the Aged on a monthly 

basis to provide medical consultations, acupuncture service and advice for the residents. Residents who require 

further specialist consultations are referred to Raffles Hospital for X-rays, laboratory tests and medication by 

specialist doctors at no expense. 

IFTAR MEAL DISTRIBUTION

On 24 May 2020, RMG sponsored 370 Iftar meals where our group volunteers joined hands with the Kampong Glam 

Community Centre and delivered these meals to the Muslim residents staying at Crawford and Kampong Glam.



All photographs were taken either pre-COVID-19 measures or in adherence to prevailing COVID-19 guidelines and safe distancing measures.


40          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

METTA SCHOOL – SOCIAL COMPETENCE LEARNING PROGRAMME

Since 2018, the RMG airport staff team has been collaborating with Changi Airport Group (CAG) employee 

volunteers to run Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities for Metta School. Metta School is a non-profit 

Social Service Agency that serves students with Mild Intellectual Disability and Autism Spectrum Disorders. As part 

of Metta School’s Social Competence Learning Programme, students from Metta School visit the Raffles Medical 

clinics at Changi Airport to undergo a learning process of visiting a GP clinic to seek treatment. This CSR activity 

helps prepare the students for various aspects of independent living, from interacting with doctors and nurses, 

proper medication usage to handling monetary transaction. 

In 2020, in view of the COVID-19 pandemic and the need for social distancing, this CSR activity has been expanded 

to include tele-medicine. The tele-medicine sessions were useful in helping the students in improving their 

competence with managing technology and communication skills. The Group’s involvement has been mentioned 

in Metta School’s report to the Ministry of Education and National Council of Social Service, and in a Lianhe 

Zaobao story on such learning sessions for Metta School’s students.

COMMUNITY INVESTMENTS 

The Asian Medical Foundation was created in 

2003 by a group of doctors and nurses in RMG 

with the aim to serve the medical and healthcare 

needs of the poor and the under-privileged. Our 

investments in these strategic corporate social 

responsibility programmes contributed to the 

well-being of the Singapore community. 

In 2020, we undertook several initiatives to 

support those who have been severely impacted 

during this challenging year. 

AMF Silver Care Fund — AMF established a $5 

million AMF Silver Care Fund to help needy and 

vulnerable Singaporean seniors whose lives have 

been affected by COVID-19. The fund received 

contributions from 11 prominent Singaporean 

businessmen. ESM Goh Chok Tong is the Fund’s 

patron. This fund supported the following  

two projects: 

1. AMF Elder Vouchers — AMF distributed $100 grocery vouchers to 30,000 needy and vulnerable elderly. AMF 

worked with the Agency for Integrated Care to identify these group of seniors who have little to no family 

support and living in one or two-room Housing Development Board flats. For two months, grassroots leaders 

and volunteers from the People’s Association actively engaged them through house visits, informing them to 

collect these vouchers at any of the 63 Sheng Siong supermarket outlets island wide. 

2. AMF Elder Health — AMF sponsored SingHealth’s telehealth pilot project to provide accessible, safe and 

better care for seniors staying in the east of Singapore, during the COVID-19 outbreak. Seniors with chronic 

medical conditions and require post-discharge care were trained to use digital platforms to manage their 

health conditions, such as monitoring their blood pressure, using devices and video consultations. 

Helping families living in rental flats — AMF also donated $105,000 worth of Sheng Siong Supermarket 

vouchers to help families under the care of Beyond Social Services (BeyondSS), over a period of three months. 

We managed to help 350 families living in rental flats across 14 clusters, who were financially impacted by the 

COVID-19 pandemic.



All photographs were taken either pre-COVID-19 measures or in adherence to prevailing COVID-19 guidelines and safe distancing measures.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020          41

Zion Home for the Aged — AMF’s adopted charity since 2015, Zion Home is a sheltered home for aged females. 

The Foundation provides medical consultations, acupuncture services, and other activities to care for residents’ 

overall well-being.

OUTREACH 

RMG doctors and nurses regularly engage in community outreach activities such as conducting basic health 

screening sessions, giving health education talks and advice on healthy ageing to senior citizens and distributing 

masks at community centres in various parts of Singapore. Participants who attend the talks are encouraged 

to share their knowledge among their social circles, thereby raising the awareness of healthy ageing in the 

community. Some of our doctors are also involved in running clinics for foreign workers on a regular basis. In 

addition, RMG supports the early detection of top cancers in Singapore through various initiatives. These include 

issuing free fecal occult blood test (FOBT) kits and discounted mammogram screening packages. 

Enhanced Screen for Life (SFL) 

RMG supports SFL, the national screening programme by the Health Promotion Board that offers Singaporeans 

and Permanent Residents health screening recommendations and the necessary follow-up based on age 

and gender. From September 2017, Pioneer Generation cardholders, CHAS cardholders, and all other eligible 

Singaporeans can access subsidised Chronic Disease blood test, Colorectal Cancer test and Cervical Cancer test 

with one post-screening consultation at a subsidised fee at Raffles Medical’s CHAS clinics. 

Primary Care Network (PCN) 

Raffles Medical has been officially awarded under MOH PCN Scheme for five years. MOH will provide funding 

of operational and administrative support to Raffles Medical General Practitioners for managing patients with 

chronic disease conditions. Raffles Medical’s PCN has nurse counsellors, care coordinators, and chronic disease 

registries to help manage patients with more complex chronic conditions and care needs. New services offered 

are Diabetes Foot Screening, Diabetes Retinal Photography and Nurse Counselling.

 

Health Supplements 

RMG provides complimentary supplements to members of the community through various events such as health 

talks and charity events. This effort helps to raise awareness on the importance of health and wellness, and 

provides an avenue for those in need of such support to receive the needed help.





All photographs were taken either pre-COVID-19 measures or in adherence to prevailing COVID-19 guidelines and safe distancing measures.


42          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

BURSARIES, SCHOLARSHIPS AND SPONSORSHIPS  

Scholarship and Sponsorship

Since 2012, the Group has granted a total of 43 scholarships and six sponsorships to help students who may need 

an extra boost in reaching their life’s goals. In 2020, under the Raffles Medical Group Sponsorship Scheme, we 

supported 11 employees to study a variety of courses including Nursing, Occupational Therapy, Physiotherapy 

and Business Administration at the National University of Singapore and Singapore Institute of Technology.

Bursary Award 

Introduced in 2011, the RMG Bursary provides financial assistance to our employees for their children’s 

education, giving them a head start in their life and career. In 2020, RMG disbursed 17 bursary awards to our 

employees’ children in support of their education needs. 

Clinical Training and Internships 

RMG trains physicians, nurses, allied health and healthcare managers in collaboration with local medical schools, 

polytechnics and vocational institutions to provide clinical training for undergraduates and postgraduates. These 

include clinical attachment and supervision for residents enrolled under the NUHS Family Medicine Residency 

Programme, as well as Family Medicine training postings for medical students from the National University 

of Singapore’s Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine and Duke-NUS Graduate Medical School, and the Nanyang 

Technological University’s Lee Kong Chian School of Medicine. 

In addition, we partner Nanyang Polytechnic, Ngee Ann Polytechnic, Singapore Polytechnic, Temasek Polytechnic, 

Republic Polytechnic, Singapore Institute of Technology and Institute of Technical Education to offer clinical 

placements in diverse areas including nursing, radiography, pharmacy, laboratory and physiotherapy. A total of 

35 A-Level students from various Junior Colleges participated in out Frontline Service Experience Programme.

As a private healthcare institution, we add value to the educational experience of each student ortrainee by 

providing not only clinical experience, but also exposure to private sector standards of service excellence and 

business management. 

PRECAUTIONARY PRINCIPLE OR APPROACH (102-11) 

The Group does not explicitly refer to the precautionary approach or principle in its risk management framework. 

We seek to contribute to society through responsible profit generation, which ties in with our core values.

MEMBERSHIP OF ASSOCIATIONS (102-13) 

The following is a non-exclusive and non-exhaustive list of associations of which we are members: 

Japan 

• 

 All Japan Hospital Association 

• 

 Japan Medical Association 

• 

 Japanese Society of Travel and Health 

• 

 National Federation of Health Insurance Societies 

• 

 Osaka Medical Practitioner’s Association 

People’s Republic of China 

• 

Alpha Omega Alpha Honor Medical Society (Elected) 

• 

American Chamber of Commerce (AmCham) (China (Beijing) / (Dalian) / (Nanjing)) 

• 

American Federation of Medical Research 

• 

American Society of Nephrology 

• 

American Society of Pediatric Nephrology 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020          43

• 

People’s Republic of China (cont’d)

• 

Canadian Association of Pediatric Nephrologist 

• 

Canadian Chamber of Commerce (East) 

• 

Canadian Pediatric Society 

• 

European Chamber (Nanjing) 

• 

French Accueil (Shanghai) 

• 

German Chamber of Commerce (China North) 

• 

International Society of Hemodialysis 

• 

International Society of Peritoneal Dialysis 

• 

Japanese Association (Tianjin) 

• 

Japanese Chamber (Beijing) 

• 

Japanese Club (Beijing) 

• 

Nanjing International Club (Nanjing) 

• 

National Kidney Foundation 

• 

Sacramento Pediatric Society 

• 

SingCham (Beijing) 

• 

Society of Pediatric Research (Elected) 

Singapore 

• 

Allied Health Professions Council 

• 

Duke-NUS Medical School 

• 

General Insurance Association of Singapore 

• 

Lee Kong Chian School of Medicine (NTU) 

• 

Life Insurance Association Singapore (LIA Singapore) 

• 

Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants (ISCA) 

• 

Management Development Institute of Singapore (MDIS) 

• 

National Healthcare Group Board 

• 

Singapore Business Federation (SBF) 

• 

Singapore Dental Council (SDC) 

• 

Singapore Institute of Management (SIM) 

• 

Singapore Medical Association (SMA)

• 

Singapore Medical Council (SMC)

• 

Singapore National Employers Federation (SNEF) 

• 

Singapore Nursing Association (SNA)

• 

Singapore Nursing Board (Insurance / overseas) 

• 

Traditional Chinese Medicine Practitioner’s Board (TCMPB) 

• 

Workplace Safety and Health Council (Healthcare) 

• 

Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine (NUS) 

Vietnam

• 

 Japanese Business Association of Hanoi (JBAV) 

• 

 Japanese Business Association of Ho Chi Minh City (JBAH) 


44          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Our Suppliers &amp; Contractors 

Our business thrives because of strong, ethical and mutually beneficial relationships we maintain with our 

suppliers and contractors.

 

Our support for local-based businesses have contributed to the national economic development. We 

advocate ethical business practices through establishing policies and practices that ensure a fair selection and 

procurement process. We maintain good relationships with our vendors through ongoing engagement during 

meetings and tender interviews, to ensure continuity of services and to keep them abreast of our  

latest developments. 

Local vendors have always been our preferred option in procuring products and services. They are preferred due 

to proximity, shorter turnaround time, and delivering reliable products and services. Our business activities with 

them had supported indirect job creations and sustained local businesses.

SUPPLY CHAIN (102-9, 102-10) 

We are committed to ensuring that the welfare of workers and labour conditions within our supply chain meet or 

exceed recognised standards. There are no significant changes to our organisation and supply chain. 

ETHICS AND ETHICAL TRADING (102-17) 

We are committed to managing our vendors ethically and effectively to ensure safe and sustainable practices, 

which create value for all our stakeholders. At RMG, we ensure that our employees uphold professional 

standards, workplace standards and behaviours that are consistent with the Group’s policy and practices. We are 

committed to working against corruption in all its forms, including extortion and bribery. 

All new hires at RMG are required to attend the RMG Onboarding Programme and Creating Service Delight within 

the first three months of employment. Employees are briefed on values, principles, ethics, standards and norms 

of behaviour. 

PROCUREMENT PRACTICES (414-1) 

We work with suppliers, sub-contractors and other service providers to adopt responsible business policies and 

practices for mutual benefit, while not compromising the Group’s policies and guidelines. At RMG, we have a 

centralised procurement team handling purchases of our network of clinics located island wide. This has enabled 

us to achieve economies of scale and operational efficiencies. These efficiency gains are passed on to our patients 

and customers in the form of more affordable healthcare products and services. 

We collaborate with suppliers and contractors to achieve our policy aspirations in the delivery of products and 

services. We encourage vendors to adopt responsible business ethics and practices for mutual benefits. We are 

also committed to ensuring that the welfare of workers and labour conditions within our supply chain meet or 

exceed recognised standards. For material projects, tenders are called and evaluated by the Tender Evaluation 

Committee to ensure fair competition. 

JOB CREATION 

RMG generates employment, partnerships, and contracts for local small-medium enterprises and tax revenues for 

governments. This in turn contributes to the development of the economy where we operate. 


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020          45

Corporate Governance  

CUSTOMER PRIVACY (418-1) 

Patient confidentiality is an important aspect of healthcare and we strive to protect and maintain confidentiality 

for our patients. We have clear policies pertaining to the Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA) drawn up since 

2014. We obtain patient consent for collection and use, and disclosure and processing of personal data for 

exclusive healthcare related use. We work closely with third parties who support the healthcare delivery 

(including insurance companies and other healthcare companies) to ensure compliance with the RMG personal 

data protection policy. Patients can at any point in time choose to unsubscribe or opt out from SMS reminders. 

Staff are guided to call patients only for matters related to direct patient care. The Group’s privacy statements 

can be found on the corporate website (www.rafflesmedicalgroup.com). 

In line with the PDPA, RMG has appointed Data Protection Officers to ensure that adequate action is taken to 

protect customers’ personal data. Policies are in place to address data protection issues. 

As a Group, we received zero substantiated complaints in the year. No complaints were raised to regulatory 

bodies. No incident of leak, theft or loss of customer data has been identified in the year. 

The Information Technology department and the Medical Records Office manage secure databases to safeguard 

personal data and patient records. We adhere to security best practices in the Healthcare and Financial 

Services industries. The Group has been audited against the Monetary Authority of Singapore Technology Risk 

Management Framework. We engage Managed Security Services Providers to counsel the Group accordingly. 

Employees undergo orientation and e-training and are regularly updated on the latest cybersecurity threats and  

best practices. 

In order to protect the data of our patients or corporate clients, we have various security technologies in place 

such as Web Application Firewalls (to detect DDOS, web application cyber-attacks), Next Generation Firewall (to 

prevent unauthorised intrusions), Advanced End Point Prevention (to prevent zero day exploits) and Security 

Monitoring by a Managed Security Provider. This is in addition to the alignment of industry security best practices 

with our people (through security awareness programmes) and processes.

COMPLIANCE (419-1)

The Group is committed to comply with all the relevant statutory and regulatory requirements. Management 

submits periodic reports and updates on such compliance to the Ministry of Manpower as well as other relevant 

government agencies and regulatory bodies. 

Policies and processes have been set in place for compliance and adherence to national standards and 

regulations including those of licensing, infection control, workplace safety and other statutory requirements. 

We are committed to exercise the utmost vigilance wherever our products and services are involved, whether 

or not they are distributed by one of our distribution channels or externally. This vigilance extends to third party 

products and services where, for example, the Company is acting as the distributor. 

All Raffles Health Insurance staff complete an e-learning programme from an accredited Institute of Banking  

and Finance training provider. The training modules include: 

1. 

Ensuring Good Customer Outcomes

2. Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorist Financing

3. Business Continuity Management

4. Compliance Induction

5. Insurance Fraud

6. Sanctions

7. 

Operational Risk Management Essentials

8. Preventing Financial Crime

9. 

Conduct Risk in Insurance: Conflicts of Interest


46          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE (419-1) 

RMG is a responsible and leading provider of integrated healthcare services. We are committed to working closely 

with government agencies and regulators to comply with the statutory and regulatory requirements in the regions 

that we operate in. 

The management is committed to make regular periodic reports and updates to the MOH and MOM in Singapore as well 

as other relevant government agencies and regulatory bodies in the regions that we operate in. 

Policies and processes have been set in place for compliance and adherence to national standards and regulations 

including those for licensing, infection control, workplace safety and other statutory requirements. 

The Group has not identified any significant non-compliance with national standards and regulations. 

ANTI-CORRUPTION (205-1, 205-2) 

We recognise the need to manage our exposure to corruption risk through good corporate governance, business 

ethics and strong internal controls in our business processes. 

We conduct an annual enterprise risk assessment applicable to all business units in the group. The assessment 

allows us to identify and mitigate areas of high risk, including corruption. All identified business risks including 

residual risks, are reported to the Audit &amp; Risk Committee and subsequently to the Board of Directors.

Staff undergo e-learning on anti-corruption and anti-bribery standard operating procedures training during the 

year. The various whistleblowing channels are also highlighted during the training. 

We provide guidelines on suitable staff responses to gifts from customers or business associates. These guidelines 

serve to protect and uphold the reputation, professionalism and integrity of RMG and its staff. This is to avoid any 

corporate obligation to customers or business associates resulting from gifts or favours received. 

All members of senior management, physicians as well as staff who are involved in procurement make annual 

declarations of any conflict of interest. For risk management purposes, certain group of staff except physicians 

and nurses are required to take block leave break of at least five consecutive working days at least once a year. The 

block leave should be scheduled at the beginning of the year. 

We conduct annual vendor evaluation to ensure that contractors and suppliers comply with certain performance 

standards as required by the Group. 

WHISTLEBLOWING 

We have a whistleblowing policy and procedures that enable staff and other persons to raise in confidence, 

whether anonymously or otherwise, concerns on possible improprieties relating to any wrongdoing or malpractice 

within the Group, without fear of reprisal in any form. 

Under these procedures, all reports will be attended to, investigated and treated in confidence. To facilitate and 

encourage reporting, the whistleblowing policy together with the dedicated whistleblowing communication 

channels such as RMG’s email and postal address are available on the Group’s intranet. They are easily accessible 

by all staff. Necessary safeguards are also taken to protect whistleblowers. 

Direct email channels to the Audit &amp; Risk Committee or the Executive Chairman, Deputy Managing Directors and 

General Managers are also available for reports involving any director or senior management.


SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020          47

NOTE: Disclosures marked in green are core to report, and ‘AR’ refers to the RMG Annual Report 2020.

Disclosure Number

Disclosure Title

Page Number

GRI 102: General Disclosures

102-1

102-2

Name of the organisation

Activities, brands, products, and services

2-3

3

102-3

Location of headquarters

4-5

102-4

Location of operations

4-5

102-5

Ownership and legal form

3

102-6

Markets served

5

102-7

Scale of the organisation

5

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

5

102-9

Supply chain

44

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain

44

102-11

102-12

102-13

102-14

102-15

102-16

Precautionary Principle or approach

External initiatives

Membership of associations

Statement from senior decision-maker

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour

42

10-12

42-43

6-7

10-12

5

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics

44

102-18

Governance structure

8

102-19

Delegating authority

8

102-20

Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, and social topics

8

102-21

Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, and social topics

9

102-22

102-23

102-24

102-25

Composition of the highest governance body and its committee

Chair of the highest governance body

Nominating and selecting the highest governance body

Conflicts of interest

AR 36-41

AR 41-42

AR 35

AR 35

102-26

Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values, and strategy

AR 35-38

102-27

102-28

Collective knowledge of highest governance body

Evaluating the highest governance body’s performance

AR 46

AR 46

102-29

Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social impacts

10-12

102-30

102-31

102-32

102-33

102-34

102-35

Effectiveness of risk management processes

Review of economic, environmental, and social topics

Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting

Communicating critical concerns

Nature and total number of critical concerns

Remuneration policies

AR 53-55, 63-64

10-11

8

8-9

8, 10-11

AR 46-52

102-36

102-37

102-40

102-41

102-42

102-43

102-44

102-45

102-46

102-47

102-48

Process for determining remuneration

Stakeholders’ involvement in remuneration

List of stakeholder groups

Collective bargaining agreements

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Key topics and concerns raised

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

Defining report content and topic boundaries

List of material topics

Restatements of information

AR 46-52

AR 46-52

8

31

8-9

8-9

10-12

AR 157-163

2, 10-12

10-12

2

102-49

Changes in reporting

2, 8

102-50

Reporting period

2

102-51

Date of most recent report

2

102-52

Reporting cycle

2

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

2

102-54

102-55

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

GRI content index

2

47-48


48          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Disclosure Number

Disclosure Title

Page Number

GRI 103: Management Approach

103-1

103-2

103-3

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

The management approach and its components

Evaluation of the management approach

8

8

8, 13-14

GRI 201: Economic Performance

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

14

GRI 204: Procurement Practices

204-1

Proportion of spending on local suppliers

14

GRI 205: Anti-corruption

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption

46

205-2

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures

46

GRI 301: Materials

301-1

Materials used by weight or volume

13

301-2

Recycled input materials used

13

GRI 302: Energy

302-1

Energy consumption within the organisation

13, 35

302-4

Reduction of energy consumption

35

302-5

Reductions in energy requirements of products and services

35

GRI 303: Water

303-3

Water recycled and reused

36

GRI 401: Employment

401-1

New employee hires and employee turnover

13

401-2

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-

time employees

32

401-3

Parental leave

32

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety

403-1

Workers representation in formal joint management–worker health and safety 

committees

29-30

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, 

and number of work-related fatalities

13

403-3

Workers with high incidence or high risk of diseases related to their occupation

13

403-4

Health and safety topics covered in formal agreements with trade unions

29-30

GRI 404: Training and Education

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

13

404-2

Programmes for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs

27-29

404-3

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development 

reviews

13

GRI 413: Local Communities

413-1

Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development 

programmes

39-42

GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment 

414-1 

New suppliers that were screened using social criteria 

44

GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety

416-1

Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories

17-21

GRI 418: Customer Privacy

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of 

customer data

45

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area 

45-46


RafflesHospital

RafflesMedGrp

585 North Bridge Road | Raffles Hospital | Singapore  188770 | Tel: 6311 1111 | rafflesmedicalgroup.com

