




SuStainability RepoRt 2017



Caring Today



better tomorrow



for a


caring today for a better tomorrow

2

SuStainability 

RepoRt foR 

RaffleS Medical GRoup (102-1)

Raffles Medical Group (RMG) is a leading integrated private healthcare provider in the region, providing 

comprehensive services from primary to tertiary care. It is also the first in Asia to join the Mayo Clinic Care Network. 

Raffles Medical clinics form one of the largest networks of private family medicine and health screening centres 

in Singapore.

Raffles Hospital, the flagship of RMG, is a private tertiary hospital located in the heart of Singapore offering a wide 

range of specialist medical and diagnostic services for both inpatients and outpatients. Representing more than 30 

disciplines, our team of specialists constitutes a group practice combining sub-specialty expertise and teamwork 

to ensure optimal, affordable and high quality care for our patients. The Group also has representative offices and 

patient liaison offices in Indonesia, Vietnam, Cambodia, Brunei, Bangladesh and the Russian Far East, as well as 

associates throughout the Asia-Pacific region.

Raffles Medical International operates medical facilities beyond Singapore in 12 cities across China, Japan, 

Vietnam and Cambodia.

Raffles Dental is a team-based multi-specialty dental group in Singapore and China.

Raffles Health Insurance provides healthcare insurance solutions to corporate and individual clients. It is supported 

by RMG’s network of clinics and Raffles Hospital.

business line (102-2, 102-45)

For more information, please refer to our website at www.rafflesmedicalgroup.com. 

ownership and legal form (102-5)

RMG (SGX : BSL) is a Public Company Listed on the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange and Securities 

Trading Limited.

Value cReation  

 

  22 

StateMent fRoM 

executiVe chaiRMan

6

GRi content index  

 

  52 

ouR StakeholdeRS   

  10 

ouR MateRiality topicS  

 

Economic 

 

 

 25 

Environment  

 

 

 28

Clinical   

 

 

 34 

Raffles Staff 

 

 

 41

Social   

 

 

 47 

contentS 


raffles medical group  SuStainability RepoRt 2017

3

board Statement 

The Board believes that this report provides a reasonable and transparent presentation of the Company’s 

strategy and of its environmental, social and governance (ESG) performance. The report is Raffles Medical 

Group’s inaugural Sustainability Report and recounts the Group’s activities for the year 2017. The report has 

been prepared in conformance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards: Core option, the latest 

set of standards issued by the GRI Global Sustainability Standards Board (GSSB). Please refer to the GRI 

Disclosure Index.

about this Report (102-46, 102-49, 102-50, 102-51, 102-52)

The report covers the ESG performance of all business divisions and subsidiaries under RMG. Information 

presented in the report is extracted from primary internal records and documents to ensure accuracy using 

internationally accepted measurement units. 

We begin the reporting cycle with a review of the material aspects and their boundaries. Priority issues are given 

extra attention and reflect business environment changes, stakeholder’s feedback and sustainability trends.

Reporting process (102-48, 102-53, 102-54)

The Board has assigned the responsibility for monitoring and overseeing the Company’s sustainability efforts 

to the Sustainability Committee. The Committee comprises senior executives from major functions who provide 

the direction for reporting. It reviews, assesses and determines the sustainability context, material topics, scope, 

boundary and prioritisation of issues included in the report. It considers formal and informal feedback from 

both internal and external stakeholders throughout the year to determine the material issues in the report. The 

Committee is supported by a cross-functional team that gathers and verifies the data.



availability: The report is available for download at our website www.rafflesmedicalgroup.com. We print 

a small number of this report to reduce the environmental impact. 

feedback: As this is our inaugural report, we welcome your feedback. You may send your feedback, 

questions, comments, or suggestions to enquiries@rafflesmedical.com.  

Restatement: This report does not include any restatement of previously published data.


caring today for a better tomorrow

4

location and Markets (102-3, 102-4, 102-6)

• Headquartered in Singapore

• Operations in China, Hong Kong SAR, Japan, Vietnam and Cambodia

• Serving patients from over 100 countries, predominantly in Asia

Medical facilities  

• Singapore • China: Beijing, Dalian, Nanjing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Tianjin, Hong Kong SAR  

• Japan: Osaka  •  Vietnam: Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City, Vung Tau  • Cambodia: Phnom Penh 

Representative &amp; Liason Offices

• Bangladesh: Dhaka, Chittagong  • Indonesia: Jakarta, Semarang, Solo, Surabaya  • Myanmar: Yangon 

• Vietnam: Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City 

china

beijing

tianjin

dalian

nanjing

Shanghai

JAPAN

osaka

Shenzhen

hong kong SaR

dhaka

banGladeSh

chittagong

indoneSia

Jakarta

Semarang

Surabaya

Solo

SinGapoRe

MyanMaR

yangon

hanoi

VietnaM

Vung tau

ho chi Minh city

caMbodia

phnom penh

Regional network

Singapore

international Medical centres

Representative &amp; Liaison Offices


raffles medical group  SuStainability RepoRt 2017

5

fact Sheet (102-16, 102-7, 102-8)

your trusted partner 

for health











Nurses and Allied 

Healthcare 

Professionals

Multi-disciplinary 

Clinics

Tertiary 

Hospital

Multi-specialty Physicians

Patients 

Corporate Clients

900

100

1

Staff Strength

2,400

370

2,200,000

6,800

our Vision 

Your Trusted Partner for Health

our core Values 

coMpaSSion

We put you and your well being at the centre of all that we do. Treating all with respect, 

compassion and dignity.

coMMitMent

We uphold your trust by maintaining the highest professional integrity and standards.

excellence

We will continually seek advancement and innovation to achieve better healthcare.

teaM-baSed caRe

We dedicate and combine our skills, knowledge and experience for your benefit. 

Value

We seek always to create and deliver value for you.


caring today for a better tomorrow

6

It is my pleasure to issue the inaugural sustainability report 

for Raffles Medical Group (RMG or the Group), which 

chronicles our journey towards sustainability and showcase 

our commitment to build a sustainable business. 

Singapore is a small country with only 5.5 million citizens 

and residents. The public healthcare sector is well resourced 

and well financed, providing 80% of inpatient care and 20% 

of outpatient care. Much of this is substantially subsidised. 

This is great welfare for our citizens, especially those less 

able to afford private care. 

RMG, as a key healthcare player in the private sector, has 

been providing quality healthcare since 1976. And key to 

our business is ensuring we practice the right way by hiring 

the right people, using the right resources and making use of 

our profits the right way to build a sustainable business. The 

Board of Directors together with the Senior Management 

provides the strategic direction as well as discipline for the 

Group. Our staff are expected to keep strict, professional, 

financial and execution disciplines in order for the business 

to grow smoothly and purposefully. As we expand into the 

region, these core disciplines will direct our footsteps to 

build a sustainable healthcare business.

 

clinical

As a healthcare organisation, clinical excellence is one 

of our pillars of success. The Raffles institutional group 

practice is a hallmark of our care model. 

As a medical practice, RMG is unique in Singapore as 

the largest private healthcare group that is centred on a 

philosophy of institutional group practice, well established 

in renowned medical centres such as the Mayo Clinic. This 

model affords a structure of clinical governance and a staff 

of medical doctors and specialists working as a team and 

sharing a common commitment to the highest quality of 

medical practice through service, teaching and research. 

As a group practice, physicians in RMG subscribe to 

clinical audit and peer review, adhere to a professional fee 



schedule, and adopt a team-based approach to integrated 

care.  Patients with complicated or multiple diagnoses are 

able to benefit from coordinated and seamless care, drawing 

on professional skills and capabilities across a number of 

clinical disciplines available under one umbrella.  In line with 

this heritage, RMG became the first Asian member of the 

Mayo Clinic Care Network in 2016. 

We have a strong clinical framework to guide our care 

to ensure it is of the highest quality. The RMG Quality 

Framework is coordinated by the Quality Committee. The 

Committee provides oversight and monitor key clinical 

indicators to ensure best practices and quality of care. 

Staff

In 2017, staff cost represent about 52% of our revenue, 

making human resource the most valuable resource in RMG. 

We proactively invest in the development and training of our 

people through the development of the Raffles Healthcare 

Institute to organise training programmes across various 

categories including medical, dental, nursing, allied health 

and healthcare management. 

Recruitment and retention is challenging especially for 

nursing and allied health positions. To manage that, we 

have a formalised, structured selection process to ensure 

the right staff with the right values and competencies is 

recruited. We also offer a flexible benefits package. As we 

expand overseas, we are working towards harmonising our 

human resources policies to facilitate greater mobility of 

staff across different businesses and geographies.

Workplace safety is important to us and we seek to keep 

our staff safe in the course of caring for our patients. As a 

BizSAFE Level 3 company, we conduct regular training on 

workplace safety and health. We also work with the ministries 

and government agencies, industry partners, unions and 

other professional associations to raise Workplace Safety 

and Health Council (WSH) standards in Singapore. 

StateMent fRoM 

executiVe chaiRMan 

(102-14)


raffles medical group  SuStainability RepoRt 2017

7

As a healthcare organisation, the quality of care and service 

for our patients is core to what we do. Our group practice 

model, with its peer-review system, coupled with the 

external audits by Joint Commission International, Mayo 

Clinic, and the Ministry of Health Singapore, ensure that 

we maintain high quality standards as we strive to provide 

the best care and medical outcomes for our patients.

Our core values, Compassion, Commitment, Excellence, 

Team-based care and Value, will continue to attract like-

minded healthcare professionals who put patients’ care as 

their top priority. 

Social 

We are expanding locally to meet the growing needs of 

our patients through more clinics, more services. We 

are also extending our services overseas to support the 

growing needs for healthcare by our patients and clients in 

a globalising economy.

Both RafflesMedical and RafflesDental participate 

actively in the government initiated Community Health 

Assist Scheme (CHAS), Pioneer Generation (PG) package, 

the Flexi-Medisave scheme, and the Screen for Life (SFL) 

programme. The majority of our family medicine and dental 

clinics are accredited to serve Singaporeans under the 

CHAS and PG schemes. In line with the national emphasis 

on chronic disease management, RafflesMedical has 

launched three Primary Care Network (PCN) clusters in 

the East, Central and West of Singapore to better manage 

chronic conditions through an integrated medical team.

RafflesHospital has been collaborating with the Ministry 

of Health (MOH) to receive patients from Singapore Civil 

Defence Force emergency ambulances since 2015 under 

the Emergency Care Collaboration (ECC) scheme. This 

has supported MOH’s efforts to reduce waiting times at 

Emergency Departments of public hospitals. 

In pursuit of excellence, we set up the Raffles Healthcare 

Institute, through which we now train physicians, nurses, 

allied health and healthcare managers in collaboration 

with our medical schools, polytechnics and vocational 

institutions, providing clinical training for undergraduates 

and postgraduates. As a group, we provide clinical 

attachment and supervision for residents enrolled under 

the NUHS Family Medicine Residency Programme, as well 

as Family Medicine training postings for medical students 

from the National University of Singapore’s Yong Loo Lin 

School of Medicine and Duke-NUS Graduate Medical 

School and the Nanyang Technological University’s Lee 

Kong Chian School of Medicine. 

In addition, we partner with Nanyang Polytechnic, Ngee 

Ann 

Polytechnic, 

Singapore 

Polytechnic, 

Temasek 

Polytechnic, Republic Polytechnic, Singapore Institute of 

Technology and Institute of Technical Education to offer 

clinical placements in diverse areas including nursing, 

radiography, pharmacy, laboratory and physiotherapy. We add 

value to the educational experience of the students and trainees 

by providing not only clinical experience in a private setting, but 

also exposure to private sector standards of service excellence 

and business management. And in our small way, contribute to 

increase the capacity for healthcare manpower development to 

meet the critical skills needs of the country.

We seek to be a good and involved corporate citizen. Other than 

through donations to worthy causes, RMG’s staff volunteers 

with not-for-profit organisations such as Alzheimer’s Disease 

Association, Zion Home for the Aged, PAP Community Foundation 

(PCF) Sparklecare and Movement for the Intellectually Disabled 

of Singapore (MINDS). 

In 2017, we offered free Fecal Occult Blood Test (FOBT) screening 

to help screen for colorectal cancer which is the leading cancer in 

Singapore. Similarly, we offer discounted mammogram screening 

prices in conjunction with breast cancer awareness month. 

enViRonMental

We are fully aware of the impact businesses have on the 

environment. To reduce its impact on the environment, RMG 

specifically manages its water and energy consumption through 

audits and corrective actions. We have also introduced water 

saving features as well as energy saving equipment in the last 

two years. 

As testament of our efforts, we are pleased to share that the newly 

opened RafflesSpecialistCentre has been awarded the Green 

Mark Platinum (healthcare) Award. 

econoMic

A key part of our business is ensuring we are financially 

sustainable. The management team studies the best practices 

across industries and in healthcare to fine-tune our policies and 

practices continuously. 

Over the years, we have established policies to manage corruption 

and fraud, through whistle-blowing and other measures. Our 

procurement practices follow best practices in the industry. 

Where possible we work with local vendors with almost 99% of 

our vendors being local to the market we operate in. 

As we expand, we provide direct job creation to over 2,400 staff in 

Singapore, China, Vietnam, Cambodia and Japan. 

In addition, we continue to provide good dividend returns to our 

growing base of shareholders. 

concluSion

We will not rest on our laurels and past achievements. We will 

continue to seek opportunities to create greater shared value and 

to build a more sustainable business for the generations to come. 

RMG must exist for a cause greater than itself.  We must grow 

and become stronger so that we can bring better healthcare to 

more communities and more people.


caring today for a better tomorrow

8

ethics and ethical trading (102-17)

The Group will ensure that its staff uphold professional standards, workplace standards and behaviours that are consistent 

with the Group’s requirements. It is committed to working against corruption in all its forms, including extortion and bribery. 

All new hires are required to attend Raffles Onboarding Programme and Creating Service Delight within the first three 

months of employment. Staff will be briefed on values, principles, ethics, standards and norms of behaviour.

The Group collaborates with its suppliers and contractors to achieve its policy aspirations in the delivery of products and 

services. It encourages vendors to adopt responsible business ethics and practices for mutual benefits. The Group is also 

committed in ensuring that the welfare of workers and labour conditions within its supply chain meet or exceed recognised 

standards. For material projects, an open tender is compulsory to ensure fair competition.

Supply chain (102-9, 102-10)

The Group is committed to ensuring that the welfare of workers and labour conditions within its supply chain meet or 

exceed recognised standards. There are no significant changes to organisation and its supply chain.

precautionary principle or approach (102-11)

The Group does not explicitly refer to the precautionary approach or principle in its risk management framework. We 

seek to contribute to society through responsible profit generation, which ties in with our core values. 

Membership of associations (102-13)

The following are a non-exclusive and non-exhaustive list of associations the Group and its staff are members to: 

cambodia

• Cambodian Federation of Employing Bodies Association 

  (CAMFEBA)

• Japanese Business Association (JBAC)

Japan

• All Japan Hospital Association

• Japan Medical Association

people’s Republic of china

• American Chamber of Commerce (AmCham) 

  (North China and Nanjing)

• European Chamber (Nanjing)

• German Chamber (Beijing)

• Japanese Chamber (Beijing)

• Japanese Club (Beijing)

• SingCham (Beijing)

• Japanese Association (Tianjin)

• Singapore Shanghai Business Association (Shanghai) 

Singapore

• Allied Health Professions Council

• Duke-NUS Medical School

• General Insurance Association of Singapore

• Lee Kong Chian School of Medicine (NTU)

• Management Development Institute of Singapore (MDIS)

• Mayo Clinic Care Network

• National Healthcare Group Board

• Traditional Chinese Medicine Practitioner’s Board (TCMPB)

• Singapore Business Federation (SBF)

• Singapore Dental Council (SDC)

• Singapore Institute of Management (SIM)

• Singapore Medical Association

• Singapore Medical Council

• Singapore National Employers Federation (SNEF)

• Singapore Nursing Association

• Singapore Nursing Board (Insurance / overseas)

• Workplace Safety and Health Council (Healthcare)

• Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine (NUS)

Vietnam

• American Chamber of Commerce (AmCham)

• Australian Chamber of Commerce (AusCham)

• Japanese Business Association of HANOI (JBAV)

• Japanese Business Association of Ho Chi Minh City (JBAH)

• Malaysia Business Chamber (MBC)

• Singapore Business Group (SBG)

• The British Business Group Vietnam - BBGV (BBGV)

• The Canadian Chamber of Commerce Vietnam (CanCham)


raffles medical group  SuStainability RepoRt 2017

9

• 

Corporate Affairs

• 

Corporate Communications

• 

Corporate Services

• 

Customer Experience Management

• 

Facilities

• 

Finance

• 

Human Resources

• 

Information Technology

• 

Systems Improvement

• 

Legal

• 

Marketing 

• 

Materials Management Department

• 

Medical Affairs

• 

Quality Management

• 

Singapore &amp; Overseas Operations

Sustainability organisational Structure (102-19, 102-20, 102-32)

The Group’s sustainability programme is developed and directed by senior management in consultation with the 

Board of Directors.

The Sustainability Committee comprises senior management and representatives from various departments. It 

oversees the development and implementation of organisation-wide sustainability strategy. Its responsibilities include 

reviewing, assessing and determining the sustainability context, material topics, scope, boundary, and prioritisation 

of issues to be included in the report. 

board of directors

Senior Management

Sustainability committee 


caring today for a better tomorrow

10

Stakeholder engagement

Stakeholders Consultation on ESG Topics (102-21, 102-44)

StakeholdeRS

patientS / cuStoMeRS

hoW do We Reach out to each GRoup?

how we engage them? 

Stakeholders’ expectations

how we respond 

targets for 2018

progress in 2017

Corporate website, social media, advertisements, seminars, 

quarterly newsletters, feedback forms, emails, SMS, phone 

calls and face-to-face care 

• Safe and quality patient care 

• Good service

• Prompt and thorough handling of feedback

• Consultative discussions with patients and their next-of-kin

• Provide information on patient care and treatment

• Ensure prompt handling of feedback through to resolution 

• JCI reaccreditation in 2018

• Electronic direct mailers for patient education 

• Working towards improving operational efficiency by moving 

  from paper to electronic feedback forms

• Commit to achieve Baby-Friendly Hospital Initiative to be 

  certified by 2018 

• 20 ongoing research projects and five upcoming clinical studies 

  based on various indicators including cancers, back pain and 

  infection control

• Improved patient care through team nursing innovation at 

   inpatient wards, Raffles Hospital

• Reduced fall incidences using modified Hendrich II 

  assessment tool

• Worked on reducing the number of feedback forms from eight 

  to three and streamlining the feedback form questions from 

  30+ to 11 questions

• Administered online Annual Customer Experience Survey in 

  August 2017

Stakeholders Map (102-40, 102-42, 102-43)

direct internal

• Staff

• Board of Directors

• Shareholders

direct external

• Patients / Customers

• Corporate Clients

• Tenants

• Suppliers

indirect internal

• Contractors

indirect external

• Government

• Authorities

• VWOs

• Local Communities

• Media


raffles medical group  SuStainability RepoRt 2017

11

StakeholdeRS

coRpoRate clientS 

hoW do We Reach out to each GRoup?

how we engage them? 

Stakeholders’ expectations

how we respond 

progress in 2017

targets for 2018

Engagements are done through various channels:

• Regular visits (monthly, bi-monthly, quarterly)

• Client hospitality and networking

• Delivering of Raffles HealthNews, medical chits and other relevant documents 

• Schedule meetings to discuss renewal of contracts, new services, 

  procedures, service / operational issues, dashboard presentation, etc

• Corporate events and grand clinic opening

• Interaction during health talks and Onsite Wellness Programmes

• Emails, phone calls, Whatsapp chat, etc

Engagement frequency depends on client’s brand, company of staff strength, 

size, utilisation and profile 

• Competitive pricing 

• Value added service

• Expects medical reports to turnaround quickly

• Quick service recovery

• Prompt action of queries

• Robust Information Technology (IT) infrastructure and support

• Reliable and useful analytics for trending and assessment

• Convenience of one-stop shop service

• Regular and familiar faces in the form of account manager

• Recognition during visits at clinics or hospital

• Provider to be knowledgeable and informed of current market practices

• We try our best to fulfil and accede to the requests

• We try to be innovative and creative in our proposals and recommendations

• We pro-actively engage clients

• Work with management and internal business partners for cost 

  reductions or co-sharing of costs to offer competitive pricing

• Optimise sales, staff and operational efficiency

• Continue working with management and internal business partners to offer 

  competitive pricing 

• Optimise sales, staff, workflow and operational efficiency

Stakeholder engagement (cont’d)

Stakeholders Consultation on ESG Topics (102-21, 102-44)


caring today for a better tomorrow

12

StakeholdeRS

Staff

hoW do We Reach out to each GRoup?

how we engage them? 

Stakeholders’ expectations

how we respond 

progress in 2017

• E-newsletter

• Email

• Intranet

• One-to-one appraisal

• Staff meeting

• Conference

• Staff satisfaction survey 

• Events such as Nurses’ Day, Annual Dinner and Dance, Annual Staff 

  Meeting and departments’ quarterly social outings 

• Raffles Recreation Club (RRC) activities including subsidised sports,  

  healthy lifestyle, art and culture events, and family-oriented activities 

A caring, safe and conducive environment, where staff are connected to 

the healthcare’s purpose, feel valued by the organisation, and are given 

opportunities to make a difference.

• Recognise the contributions of our staff

• Offer a stimulating work environment that promotes performance while 

  rewarding excellence 

• Seek talents and provide a nurturing, motivating and professional 

  environment in which everyone can do their best 

• Strive to be an employer of choice for many

Fostering Effective Performance Management 

All staff are being assessed by a comprehensive and objective performance 

management system. Our managers carried out periodic performance 

reviews and career development discussions with staff annually. To foster 

effective performance management, we equipped all our managers with 

performance management skills so that they can hold open and meaningful 

discussion with their staff about their strengths and areas for improvement. 

Enhanced Internship Programme

Our enhanced internship programme allows students from various 

universities and polytechnics to gain hands-on experience with different 

aspect of development and support in the healthcare sector.  

Through our improved robust programme, interns gained 20 to 24 weeks of 

practical work experience that directly relates to their academic studies and 

career goals.  A total of 1,182 students have benefitted from this programme 

since 2015.

Stakeholder engagement (cont’d)

Stakeholders Consultation on ESG Topics (102-21, 102-44)


raffles medical group  SuStainability RepoRt 2017

13

StakeholdeRS

Staff

hoW do We Reach out to each GRoup?

targets for 2018

progress in 2017 (cont’d)

• Continue to receive structured staff feedback through the next Staff 

  Engagement Survey planned for 2018

• Roll out staff vaccination system to effectively monitor / track and record 

  staff vaccination and immunisation programmes

• Create more opportunities for staff to socialise and forge informal cross 

  functional collaboration

• Review the staff performance appraisal system to include a mid year review

On-going Organisational Renewal Process

To continuously build our future leadership pipeline, we provide 

scholarships to local undergraduates and graduates. As a RMG scholar, 

he / she can choose to pursue his / her studies in one of these disciplines:

a) Nursing

b) Pharmacy

c) Radiology

d) Business Management

e) Physiotherapy and Occupational therapy  

To date, we have groomed 32 scholars through the RMG Scholarship 

Programme. Upon their graduation, RMG scholars will enter their 

specialised areas of work. Their talent will be developed to the fullest 

with potential to become key healthcare leaders within our organisation.

The Scholarship Journey

Ms Denyse Tang wanted to work in the healthcare industry 

since young. When she learnt that Raffles Medical Group 

offers scholarship, she applied for it immediately as she 

recognises the RMG’s focus on patients and quality care. 

Upon graduation in 2016, Denyse joined Raffles Hospital 

and is now a pre-registration pharmacist. 

Denyse is most grateful for having a good preceptor who 

nurtured and taught her during her pre-registration training 

with Raffles Hospital. With the experience received during 

her training, Denyse aspires to do the same - to impart 

her knowledge and to promote the pharmacy profession 

to potential future pharmacists and pharmacy technicians.

Denyse Tang

Do what you think is right and it 

will benefit your patients. This way, 

you will leave no regrets behind.





Stakeholder engagement (cont’d)

Stakeholders Consultation on ESG Topics (102-21, 102-44)


caring today for a better tomorrow

14

Stakeholder engagement (cont’d)

Stakeholders Consultation on ESG Topics (102-21, 102-44)

StakeholdeRS

GoVeRnMent &amp; ReGulatoRS 

SupplieRS

hoW do We Reach out to each GRoup?

how we engage them? 

how we engage them? 

Stakeholders’ expectations

Stakeholders’ expectations

how we respond 

how we respond 

targets for 2018

targets for 2018

progress in 2017

progress in 2017

• Periodic reports of various performance and clinical indicators

• Quarterly and half yearly updates with the ministries

• Tenders, request for quotations and request for proposals 

• Tender interviews

• Site visits and regular meetings 

• Email correspondence

• Compliance to national standards (licensing, infection control and 

  workplace safety)

• Show improvement efforts and community involvement on how RMG 

  extends its commitment to the community

• Compliance with terms and conditions of prevailing Company’s procurement  

  policies and procedures ethically

• Provide most cost-effective products and services without compromising 

  on efficacy and quality

• Timely delivery

• After sales support

• Regular reporting to Ministries and Statutory Boards 

• By establishing policies and practices that ensure a fair selection and  

  procurement process

• Ethical business practices 

• Respect for contractual obligations

• To maintain regulatory compliance and timely infection control surveillance 

  reporting to MOH

• To monitor and review new or proposed changes in insurance related 

  regulations and legislation 

• To maintain current levels of supplier management

• Creating more opportunities for collaboration on overseas projects 

• Completed the two yearly hospital relicensing by Ministry of Health (MOH)

• Annual evaluation for top vendors conducted every year


raffles medical group  SuStainability RepoRt 2017

15

Stakeholder engagement (cont’d)

Stakeholders Consultation on ESG Topics (102-21, 102-44)

StakeholdeRS

contRactoRS

ShaReholdeRS

hoW do We Reach out to each GRoup?

how we engage them? 

how we engage them? 

Stakeholders’ expectations

Stakeholders’ expectations

how we respond 

how we respond 

targets for 2018

targets for 2018

progress in 2017

progress in 2017

• Request for quotations, tenders, site show rounds, regular meetings

• In-house meetings

• Email

• Phone calls

• Conferences

• Quarterly post results briefing sessions

• Annual General Meeting 

• Compliance to Standard Conditions of Tender &amp; Standard Conditions 

  of Contract

• Competitive costs and quality workmanship

• Compliance of authority or any regulatory requirements

For information that is disclosed to the public to be in a timely and fair 

manner through the different communication tools such as SGXNET, the 

Group’s Investor Relations Website and the research house analysts.

• Procurement policies and practices that ensure a fair selection

• Vendor evaluations

• Reference projects

Feedback gathered is shared with management before a response is 

given to address any questions.

• To maintain current levels of contractors management

• To create more opportunities for collaboration on overseas projects  

The goal for 2018 is to continue engaging with the investment community 

to hear their feedback and understand their perspectives of the Group. 

 

With a proven performance track record, the group remains true to its core, 

focusing on medical excellence and good governance for sustainable 

growth in the long run.

• Completed the yearly vendor evaluation process

For 2017, we met more than 140 investors through a total of 3 conferences, 

4 luncheons and 50 in-house meetings.


caring today for a better tomorrow

16

Stakeholder engagement (cont’d)

Stakeholders Consultation on ESG Topics (102-21, 102-44)

StakeholdeRS

Media

hoW do We Reach out to each GRoup?

how we engage them? 

Stakeholders’ expectations

how we respond 

targets for 2018

progress in 2017

• Face-to-face meetings

• Emails

• Phone calls

• Press release and briefing

• Fast response and timely assistance with queries

• Provide useful and helpful quotes to help members of the public achieve 

  better health

• Partner with the members of the press by supporting actively in news

• Responds to more than 90% of queries

• Maintain PR value 

• Pitch media stories of social value 

• Public Relations (PR) Value of $4.57m created

• 49% of articles are patient education related articles

The Group has developed various Corporate Social 

Responsibility (CSR) programmes over the years. 

Some are done in collaboration with the Asian Medical 

Foundation (AMF), a charity organisation started by RMG 

staff back in 2003. The Foundation reaches out by serving 

the healthcare needs of the poor and the underprivileged. 

 





caring for the less privileged

Since June 2015, doctors from the Group have made 

monthly visits together with the staff of AMF, to Zion Home 

for the Aged, providing medical consultations for the 

residents there.

 

Since May 2016,  AMF has been sponsoring the Alzheimer’s 

Disease Association (ADA) Memories Café Project, a 

social engagement programme for patients with dementia, 

their caregivers and volunteers. This programme is held 

islandwide at various locations on a weekly basis.  RMG 

staff supports the event as volunteers.

 

Dr Melvyn Wong, a family physician who is also an avid 

volunteer, shares his perspective on volunteering: “In 

today’s busy pace of life, it is easy to lose sight of your 

purpose in life. Volunteering allows me to reconnect 

with the community and reminds me that the world is 

much bigger than what revolves around us. You are not 

the centre of the universe. Volunteering rejuvenates my 

passion and purpose.”

Since June 2015, monthly visits are made to Zion Home for the 

Aged, providing medical consultations for the residents. 


raffles medical group  SuStainability RepoRt 2017

17

StakeholdeRS

hoW do We Reach out to each GRoup?

VWos 

how we engage them? 

Stakeholders’ expectations

how we respond 

targets for 2018

progress in 2017

• Regular discussions with Voluntary Welfare Organisations (VWOs) 

   including the Asian Medical Foundation (AMF) to identify support needs 

• Regular engagement with staff through e-mail blasts, e-newsletters and 

  intranet on community outreach initiatives

• Year-long community outreach initiatives instead of ad-hoc activities

• Allow staff to volunteer during office hours so as to increase 

  staff participation

• Greater provision of outreach budget 

• Establish a formal CSR Committee 

• Look into other sustainable collaborations with other VWOs including NKF 

• Ramped up CSR activities including AMF activities and projects such as 

  the “Memories Café” and Zion Home for the Aged

• PCF Sparklecare: RMG staff visited PCF Sparklecare centres in Simei 

  and Yew Tee to support patients and their rehabilitation programmes  

• MINDs healthy eating programme: Dietitians train special needs children 

  from MINDS Woodlands on healthy eating and basic cooking skills 

• RMG Gives Back: Staff supported Zion Home for the Aged and Bethesda 

  Care &amp; Counselling Services Centre in their operational needs through   

  cash donations

Stakeholder engagement (cont’d)

Stakeholders Consultation on ESG Topics (102-21, 102-44)


caring today for a better tomorrow

18

local coMMunitieS 

how we engage them? 

Stakeholders’ expectations

how we respond 

• Corporate website

• Social media

• Advertisements

• Seminars

• Partners

• Quality healthcare

• Help with the public sector 

We provide subsidised care through the Emergency Care Collaboration 

(ECC) Scheme with Ministry of Health (MOH), Community Health Assist 

Scheme (CHAS), Pioneer Generation (PG) Scheme, Primary Care 

Network (PCN) Scheme, National Adult Immunisation Scheme (NAIS), 

Screen for Life (SFL), Baby Bonus Scheme and Pandemic Preparedness 

Clinics (PPC) Scheme.

targets for 2018

progress in 2017

• Planning for the Raffles-NKF Renal Wellness Centre 

• Eye screening for NKF patients

• Completed a two-year ECC Scheme with MOH and extended by  

  another five years

• All Raffles Medical and Raffles Dental clinics are participating in CHAS 

  and PG clinics

• Launched the Primary Care Network with 40 Raffles Medical clinics 

  in support of national scheme for chronic disease management

• Pledged $1 million to National Kidney Foundation (NKF) for the 

  setting up of Raffles-NKF Renal Wellness Centre at Raffles Hospital 

  and a Raffles-NKF Peritoneal Dialysis &amp; Wellness Centre at Whampoa

Stakeholder engagement (cont’d)

Stakeholders Consultation on ESG Topics (102-21, 102-44)

StakeholdeRS

hoW do We Reach out to each GRoup?


raffles medical group  SuStainability RepoRt 2017

19

aspects

likelihood of impacts 

Related to this aspect 

will occur

Severity of 

potential impact

importance 

to priority 

Stakeholders

economic performance

procurement practices

training &amp; education

anti-corruption

customer privacy

compliance

energy

employment

customer health &amp; Safety

occupational health &amp; Safety

Water

Effluents &amp; Waste

local communities

Medium

Low

Medium

Medium

Medium

Medium

Medium

High

High

Medium

Medium

Low

Low

Medium

Medium

Medium

Medium

Medium

High

Low

High

High

High

Low

Low

Low

Significance to 

company

Medium

Medium

Medium

Medium

Medium

High

Medium

High

High

High

Medium

Low

Low

High

Medium

Medium

Medium

High

High

Low

Medium

High

Low

Low

Low

Medium

Materiality analysis (102-47)

Prioritising Identified Aspects

high

high

Medium

Medium

importance to Stakeholders

Significance to Company

low

low

Occupational Health 

&amp; Safety

Energy &amp; Water

Effluents &amp; Waste

Employment

Compliance

Customer Health &amp; Safety 

Procurement Practices 

Anti-corruption

Training &amp; Education

Local Communities

Economic Performance

Customer Privacy


caring today for a better tomorrow

20

Significant Achievements FY 2017

Opening of Raffles Specialist Centre 

























Announced development of international tertiary 

hospital in Chongqing, China

Pledged $1 million to NKF for the setting up of the Raffles-

NKF Renal Wellness Centre at Raffles Hospital and a 

Raffles-NKF Peritoneal Dialysis &amp; Wellness Centre at 

Whampoa (23 July 2016)

Raffles launched new uniforms for frontline staff from 

September 2017

Staff provide pro bono services to VWOs Zion 

Home for the Aged, PCF Sparklecare (Simei and 

Yew Tee), and MINDS Woodlands

Raffles Fertility Centre celebrated its 10th 

anniversary in July 2017. Over the decade, they 

had helped an approximate of 600 couples on 

their journey to parenthood


raffles medical group  SuStainability RepoRt 2017

21





















that’s beijing lifestyle awards 2017

Best Dental

Global health and travel awards 2017  

Best Integrated Healthcare Clinic of the Year

Paediatric Service Provider of the Year

finance asia award 2017 

Best Managed Company in Singapore 

Midcap Category

cSiSG Recognition award (2007 – 2017)

Healthcare Sector

awards

hRM asia “Readers’ choice award” 2017

Winner of Best Corporate Healthcare Group 

(2014 - 2017)


caring today for a better tomorrow

22

Raffles Value Creation Scorecard

Strategic area

Strategic area

fy 2017

fy 2017

fy 2016

fy 2016

fy 2015

fy 2015

Water consumption (m3)

customer Satisfaction index - 

Raffles Hospital Inpatient (%)

customer Satisfaction index -  

Raffles Hospital Outpatient (%)

customer Satisfaction index -  

Raffles Medical Clinics (%)

General Waste - non-hazardous (ton)

biohazard Waste (bins)

electricity used (kw)

paper Recycled (ton)

copier paper consumption (ton)

84,102*

92

92

89

904 

4,682 

14,232,978* 

17

39

63,890

92

95

95

876 

4,573 

14,637,931 

10

39 

56,488 

92

94

93#

1,004 

4,790 

14,340,994 

15 

38 

enViRonMental - Singapore

Social

Patients

 # Tracking of feedback for Raffles Medical Clinics began in Q2 2015

Value creation is the primary aim of any business. By producing value for our stakeholders, we are able to better 

invest in items that will enhance our long-term competitiveness and growth. The Group has selected key areas 

under environment, social and financial by which we measure our efforts in value creation. 

* Increase due to construction activities and monitoring of Raffles Medical clinics


raffles medical group  SuStainability RepoRt 2017

23

Social

Social

Social

Strategic area

Strategic area

Strategic area

fy 2017

fy 2017

fy 2017

fy 2016

fy 2016

fy 2016

fy 2015

fy 2015

fy 2015

permanent Staff

Local-based Suppliers (%)

% of Actual Dollars Spent 

on local-based Suppliers

training expenditure 

per Staff ($)

Staff performance 

Review Rate (%)

average training 

hours per Staff

hand hygiene compliance -

Raffles Hospital (%)

Staff Turnover Rate (%)

industrial accidents

fatal accidents

2,403

99

99

526

100

24

87

20

5

0

2,447

98

99

471

100

28

87

17

12

0

2,288

99

99

new hires

503

464

391

496

100

33

87

21

10

0

Staff - Group

Staff - Singapore

Suppliers - Singapore


caring today for a better tomorrow

24



Strategic area

Strategic area

fy 2017

fy 2017

fy 2016

fy 2016

fy 2015

fy 2015

Revenue ($’000)

ebitda ($’000)

Operating Profit ($’000)

Staff costs ($’000)

Profit After Tax ($’000)

dividends paid ($’000)

operating costs (including 

staff costs) ($’000)

Dividend Payout (%)

477,583

95,078

80,086

247,600

68,661

39,847

401,330

56

473,608

96,611

81,946

241,736

67,946

35,027

395,191

50

410,535

93,411

80,604

203,537

69,031

34,562

333,648

50

Staff Volunteerism (number 

of hours)

community investment and 

donations to charities ($)

Staff Volunteerism (number)

community training

internships

health talks

94

410,400*

47

2,519

352

34

2,050*

15,400

331*

2,813

461

24

22

29,400

16

1,880

369

32

Community - Singapore

Social

financial

* In celebration of RMG’s 40th Anniversary, extended efforts were taken to increase staff volunteerism 

  and community investment. 




econoMic


caring today for a better tomorrow

26

procurement practices (204-1)

The Group works with suppliers, sub-contractors and other 

service providers to help achieve its policy aspirations in 

delivering products and services. To this end, it encourages 

vendors to adopt responsible business policies and 

practices for mutual benefits.

The Group is committed to ensuring that the welfare of 

workers and labour conditions within its supply chain meet 

or exceed recognised standards.

RMG is committed to continuously create direct and indirect 

economic values for our stakeholders including patients, 

staff, investors, the community and the environment. 

Through our business polices and operations, RMG:

• Delivers financial returns to the investors;

•  Supports infrastructure through taxes and other payments 

   to the government; and

• Contributes to the local economics and communities  

   by creating jobs, generating income and transferring 

    efficiency gains.

Supporting local Vendors

The Group contributes to the national economic development 

by supporting locally-based businesses. We advocate ethical 

business practices through the establishment of policies 

and practices that ensure a fair selection and procurement 

process. We maintain good relationships with our vendors 

econoMic (201-1)





through on-going engagement during meetings and tender 

interviews. This is to ensure continuity of services and to 

keep them abreast of our latest developments.

In FY 2017, the total number of local vendors accounted 

for 99% of our whole vendors’ base. Our business activities 

with them had in turn supported a significant number of 

indirect jobs creations. The choice of local vendors is always 

a first option due to proximity, product availability and the 

trusted quality of products. Working with local vendors is 

also a standard practice across all healthcare organisations 

in Singapore.

Transferring Efficiency Gains 

We have a centralised procurement team handling 

purchases for our network of clinics located island wide. 

This has enabled us to achieve economic of scales and 

operational efficiencies. These efficiency gains were passed 

on to our patients and customers in the form of providing 

more affordable healthcare products and services.   

Direct Job Creations

As at 31 December 2017, RMG provided 2,403 direct jobs. 

Our total operating costs (including staff costs) amounted to 

$401.3 million in FY 2017. This contributed to the respective 

local economies and communities. 






raffles medical group  SuStainability RepoRt 2017

27

anti-corruption (205-1, 205-2, 205-3) 

We recognise the need to manage the Group’s exposure 

to corruption risk through good corporate governance, 

business ethics and strong internal controls in our 

business processes. 

We conduct an annual risk assessment applicable for all 

business units in the group. The assessment allows us to 

identify and mitigate areas of high risk, including corruption. 

Staff undergo e-learning on anti-corruption and bribery 

during the year. The various whistle-blowing channels are 

also highlighted during the training. 

We provide guidelines on suitable staff response to gifts from 

customers or business associates. These guidelines serve 

to protect and uphold the reputation, professionalism and 

integrity of RMG and its staff, as well as to avoid corporate 

obligation to customers or business associates resulting 

from gifts or favours received. 

All members of senior management, physicians as well 

as staff who are involved in procurements make an 

annual declaration of possible conflict of interest. For 

risk management purposes, certain group of staff except 

physicians and nurses are required to take a block leave 

break of at least five consecutive working days once a year. 

The block leave should be scheduled at the beginning of 

the year.

We conduct annual vendor evaluation to ensure that 

contractors and suppliers comply to certain performance 

standards as required by the Group.

Whistle-blowing 

We have a whistle-blowing policy and procedures which 

enables staff and other persons to raise in-confidence, 

whether anonymously or otherwise, concerns on possible 

improprieties relating to accounting, financial reporting, 

internal controls, auditing or other matters, without fear 

of reprisal in any form. 

Under these procedures, arrangements are in place for 

independent investigation and for appropriate follow-up 

actions to be taken. To facilitate and encourage reporting, 

the Whistle-Blowing Policy together with the dedicated 

whistle-blowing communication channels such as email 

and postal address as well as telephone contact numbers 

are available on the Company’s intranet, and are easily 

accessible by all staff and other persons. Necessary 

safeguards are taken to protect whistle-blowers.

Direct email channels to the Board Chairman, General 

Managers are also available for reports involving any 

Director and Senior Management.  










enViRonMent


raffles medical group  SuStainability RepoRt 2017

29

Water (303) 

Water consumption is monitored in Raffles Hospital since 2014.

Raffles Hospital water consumption was 61,773m3 in 2014. 

Significant water conservation measures were implemented in 

2015 and the annual water consumption was brought down to 

56,488m3. 

In 2015, water meters were installed to better measure the actual 

water consumption in specific areas. Other efforts in improving 

water consumption rates include replacing water-efficient labelled 

fittings in all our toilets, inpatient wards, consultation rooms and 

kitchen areas. In addition, we will be using NEWater supply 

network in the new hospital extension building. 

For its efforts, Raffles Hospital was awarded by PUB in early 2016 

for running a water efficient building. The building recycles water 

for equipment and system that do not require potable water. 

Due to escalation of construction activities, water consumption 

increased to 63,890m3 in 2016. From 2017, monitoring of water 

consumption was expanded to all local Raffles Medical clinics, 

leading to an increase in the annual water consumption to 

84,102m3 in 2017.

Staff have attended the new PUB’s Water Efficiency Manager 

Course in 2017 and are certified Water Efficiency Managers.

Singapore is a small country with limited water sources and has to rely on purchasing water supply from neighbouring 

country. RMG is aware of the importance to conserve water as a part of our continuous effort to help the nation.

In an effort to reduce our environmental footprint and reduce energy cost, RMG endeavours to reduce its impact on the 

environment by:

• Conducting audits and taking corrective actions to reduce any adverse environmental impact;

• Promoting the efficient use of resources and energy; and

• Continually improving the management of our surrounding environment.

enViRonMent



Water consumption in 2017 increased due to the replacement 

of the hospital’s chiller system which is used to cool fluids or 

dehumidify air in the hospital’s facilities.


caring today for a better tomorrow

30

Water (303) (cont’d)

The Raffles Specialist Centre was awarded Green Mark Platinum in 2017. The new building has digital power meters and 

water meters linked to Building Management System to monitor water and electricity usage more efficiently. The building 

has garden greenery at level 19 and the roof to reduce heat from the building. 

For continual improvement, areas and departments with higher water consumption will be identified and proposals will be 

worked out to focus on these specific areas.

Inpatient 

water 

consumption 

had 

significant 

reduction due to water-efficient labelled fittings and 

proper education on usage while Food and Beverage 

(F&amp;B) and kitchen usage remained constant.

Building equipment water usage spiked in 2017 due 

to the construction activities that were carried out 

in areas within the hospital that required sprinkler 

pipes relocation, resulting in huge amounts of water 

being discharged. Nonetheless, water consumption 

is expected to decrease significantly in 2018 with the 

completion of construction activities.

Water consumption in 2017 also increased due to 

the replacement of the hospital’s chiller system. The 

new water-cooled chiller system uses 7% more water 

as compared to the old air-cooled chiller system.

With the opening of the new specialist centre in early 

2018, the new Mechanical and Electrical (M&amp;E) 

systems and occupied floors will contribute to the 

water usage.

Water consumption for

inpatient including ot

f&amp;b outlets and kitchen

building equipment

2015

2016

2017

91.5%

85.3%

80.8%

7.5%

8.0%

5.9%

1.0%

6.7%

13.3%



Garden greenery at level 19, Raffles Specialist Centre


raffles medical group  SuStainability RepoRt 2017

31



Raffles Specialist Centre

platinum Green Mark - Mark of excellence

Designed to be a green healthcare facility, Raffles Specialist Centre has been awarded the Green Mark Platinum 

Award by the Building and Construction Authority.

In order to achieve the Award, the Group pledged to the authority on the following areas: air conditioning 

system, Building Management System (BMS), lighting, and Post Occupancy Evaluation (POE).

The air conditioning system is designed to ensure consistent indoor thermal comfort, for example, in public 

areas; temperatures should be maintained between 24°C and 26°C and relative humidity to be less than 65%. 

All water submeters will be linked with the 

BMS for detection of water usage and leaks. 

Also, digital power meter provided for each 

system will be linked with the BMS to monitor 

the electricity usage system-wise.

Free luminaries lighting will be used in at least 

90% of all applicable areas, which include 

clinics and offices but exclude carparks, 

Mechanical and Electrical (M&amp;E) spaces, and 

storage rooms.

Six months after the commencement of 

building operation, a post occupancy thermal 

comfort survey will be conducted, where the 

minimum number of people surveyed should 

be approximately 10% of total occupancy 

or 30, whichever higher. With the inputs 

gathered, respective corrective measures 

will be implemented to improve the thermal 

comfort of staff.


caring today for a better tomorrow

32

energy (302)

Electricity consumption is monitored in specific areas in the 

hospital building since 2014. In 2017, we started to track 

more equipment within Raffles Hospital and expanded to 

all local clinics under RMG for better control and reduction 

in the usage of electricity in the organisation.

In a bid to care for the environment, RMG has adopted 

several on-going green initiatives to reduce its carbon 

footprint. Beginning with Raffles Hospital, lightings have 

been progressively changed to energy-saving LED lights. 

These energy-saving lights provide the same lux density 

without compromising on vision capability. Since the start 

of the project in 2013, close to 50 per cent of all lightings 

have been replaced, resulting in an estimated reduction 

of 48,000 KW in energy consumption every month. For 

the new Raffles Specialist Centre, 80% of the lightings are 

energy saving. 

Raffles Hospital participated in Earth Hour on 25 March 

2017 when it switched off all lights in non-critical areas 

from 8:30 pm to 9:30 pm. Moving forward, the Group will 

be setting timers to control the operational hours of lights 

to save energy. These include programming lightings with 

timers to save energy, switching off air conditioning for 

non-occupied floors and reducing the running of chillers’ 

compressors for patient areas in the night. 

The hospital is one of the first in Singapore to have a 

water-cooled chiller system with ultra-low global warming 

potential refrigerants. Replacement was completed in 

2017. These new chillers, which are about two times more 

efficient than the outgoing chillers, could save 30,000 

KW of energy per month. The hospital will be changing 

all Air-conditioning and Mechanical Ventilation (ACMV) 

refrigerants to low global warming potential refrigerants by 

end of 2018 as recommended by NEA.









The Group utilises energy-saving LED lights to reduce its 

carbon footprint.


raffles medical group  SuStainability RepoRt 2017

33

Building management system is in place to monitor the parameters of major equipments that use huge amount 

of energy.

The Group endeavours to ensure that business operations comply with all applicable environmental, legal, health 

and safety requirements. The Group works closely with the Workplace Safety and Health Council, Singapore Civil 

Defence Force, Public Utilities Board, National Environment Agency and other relevant authorities to adopt the best 

practices for environment sustainability.

electricity / kWh for:

total consumption

f&amp;b outlets and kitchen

chillers

2015

2016

2017

14,340,994

14,637,931

14,232,978

256,477 (1.8%)

342,060 (2.3%)

343,085 (2.4%) 

574,995 (4.0%)

549,215 (3.8%)

516,105 (3.6%)

Across the Group’s network of clinics, copies of poster 

boards are being replaced with digitised boards. This 

initiative will reduce printing and logistical carbon 

footprints. To date, 80% of our clinics are installed 

with digital panels where different health educational 

videos are uploaded for patients’ viewing. With 

digitisation, the savings from printing, manpower and 

transportation are estimated to be $12,000 per year.

energy (302) (cont’d)





Digitised boards are used across the Group’s network of clinics to 

reduce printing.


caring today for a better tomorrow

34



clinical


raffles medical group  SuStainability RepoRt 2017

35

RMG Quality fRaMeWoRk

Quality committee

customer health &amp; Safety (416)

Being “your trusted partner for health” is RMG’s working ethos to ensure best outcomes, providing good value for 

patients, clients and the community. Our group practice model allows healthcare professionals to have a seamless 

coordination across the continuum to deliver safe, effective, timely and patient-centred care. 

Service Quality

Quality Policy / 

Service Vision and Intent

Quality Management System 

(eg. JCI)

Performance Measurement 

(eg. Balanced Scorecard)

Quality Evangelism 

(eg. Newsletter)

Listening Strategy 

(eg. Feedback, Surveys)

clinical Quality

Clinical Performance 

Indicator

Clinical 

Audit

Clinical 

Outcome

Clinical 

Resource Utilisation

operational Quality

Hospital

GP 

Clinics

Etc

Specialist 

Centres

24 Hour 

Emergency

financial Quality

Manage 

Costs

Value for 

Money

Service 

Recognition

Staff 

Engagement &amp; 

Communication

Voice of the 

Customer

Service 

Charter

Customer 

Experience 

Improvement 

Initiatives

Service 

Performance 

Measurement

Grooming 

&amp; Service 

Standards

Service 

Training

Customer 

Experience 

Metrics

RMG quality framework governs how we work towards patient’s safety and health

our Success

The institutional group practice model promotes team-based care whereby the doctors, nurses and allied health 

professionals work together for the benefit and the interest of the patient.

our challenges

The multi-disciplinary set-up forces our nurses to be versatile and adapt to the demanding care needs. Hence, training 

programs have to be rigorous and must commensurate with the care demands and needs. 

clinical


caring today for a better tomorrow

36





assuring best outcome 

RMG closely monitors patient safety indicators to better 

understand actual / potential issues to improve our 

patients’ care.

In addition to the international patient safety goals, 

defined by the Joint Commission International (JCI), 

Raffles Hospital also measures clinical performance on 

these key themes: 

• Unscheduled readmission

• Hospital acquired infections

• Falls

• Medication related events

• Surgery related events

• Clinical outcome by speciality

clinical audits

Clinical audits are done as part of RMG’s professional 

clinical governance. The following quality assurance (QA) 

committees look into the different areas of clinical quality 

programmes:

• Medical audit

• Surgical audit

• Pharmacy &amp; therapeutics

• Infection control

• Operating theatre

• Blood transfusion and tissue review

• Patient case review

• Critical care

• Trauma committee

• Transplant committee

The Quality Committee has the overall oversight of these 

committees, reviews and evaluates their activities and 

programmes with collective decision that benefits the 

organisation to promote patient safety. 

incident Reporting 

Leadership supports healthcare professionals across 

all spectrums in Raffles Hospital to speak up and report 

any event, process or condition that causes harm or 

has the potential to cause harm or injury. These are 

opportunities to improve current practices to prevent 

future occurrences.

There is proactive review for clinical incidences/ 

feedbacks where a team of healthcare professionals 

relevant to that process come together for general 

consensus following an in-depth deliberation. There is a 

process for RMG wide escalation and standardisation. 

clinical Resource utilisation 

Resource utilisation is embedded in the QA committee’s 

terms of reference to continually look into accessibility to 

the services through the use of data. This allows Raffles 

Hospital to optimise limited resources to accommodate 

patient’s needs.

Periodical committee meetings are held to review activities 

and programmes.


raffles medical group  SuStainability RepoRt 2017

37

Quality promotion - building a Quality culture

Operations / Services:

• Training in Workplace Safety, JCI and Quality Tools

• Service quality

• Inter departmental sharing of projects and highlights 

Clinical:

• Annual Quality Day

• Annual Hand Hygiene Day

• Infection Control Liaison Coordinators

• Basic / Advance Infection Control Course

• Advance Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) Course

• E-learning Courses

Additionally, to promote transparent public reporting, Raffles Hospital subscribes to MOH’s clinical surveillance 

and reporting.

















build a seamless service

• Ensuring continuity of care is provided to the patient as he / she is referred to a service which best meets his / her 

  needs. The patient is able to move easily from primary services to tertiary services and back to primary services 

  to optimise value for the patient. There is a follow through throughout the process as RMG adopts team-based care.


caring today for a better tomorrow

38



Raffles Hospital has been JCI-accredited since 2008. 

JCI is the international standard for healthcare facilities 

with strong emphasis in quality care and patient safety.

Staff adhere to the six International Patient Safety 

Goals (IPSG) as follows: 

• Identify patients correctly

• Improve communication

• Improve the safety of high-alert medications

• Ensure safe surgery

• Reduce the risk of healthcare-associated infections

• Reduce the risk of patient harm resulting from falls

Raffles Hospital will be re-accredited by the Joint 

Commission International (JCI) in 2018.

Raffles Hospital is accredited by the 

Joint Commission International (JCI), 

which is a strong testament of our 

commitment to patient safety and 

care continuum.

Joint Commission 

international



accReditation &amp; 

collaboRation


raffles medical group  SuStainability RepoRt 2017

39



Raffles Hospital is the first and only private hospital in 

Singapore to take in subsidised care patients brought in by 

SCDF ambulances through the Emergency Care Collaboration 

scheme with the Ministry of Health. Since June 2015, we have 

attended to and treated many patients who pay subsidised 

Class C rates. Government subsidies help defray some of 

the costs. In this way, we contribute to the national effort in 

ensuring that our fellow Singaporeans receive the needed 

care in a timely manner.

All Raffles Medical and Raffles Dental clinics participate 

in the PG and CHAS subsidy programmes to support the 

government’s efforts to serve the less privileged in 

the community.

The Group is the first in Asia to join the Mayo 

Clinic back in July 2015. This collaboration meant 

that our doctors will use electronic communication 

tools to access the latest Mayo Clinic knowledge 

and expertise for the benefit of our patients. This 

collaboration also promotes physician teamwork, 

complementing local expertise. 

The Group was selected to join the Mayo Clinic 

Care Network because of the shared philosophy, 

commitment and mission to improve the delivery 

of health care through high-quality, data-driven, 

evidence-based medical care and treatment. In 

addition, the Group has also passed Mayo Clinic’s 

rigorous review process based on quality, service 

and operational criteria.

emergency care collaboration

The Mayo Clinic Care Network (MCCN) is a 

unique collaboration that connects RMG with 

Mayo Clinic’s subject experts and resources. 

Under the collaboration, there are regular 

exchanges of knowledge between our 

specialists and Mayo Clinic doctors. 

Bridging the finest medical expertise from Mayo 

Clinic to RMG, the MCCN offers our patient 

easy access to experts from Mayo Clinic 

without the need to travel.

Mayo clinic care network




caring today for a better tomorrow

40

improving patient care through team nursing 

innovation at inpatient wards, Raffles Hospital

The project aims to implement team nursing to decrease 

clinical handover time and improve patient and staff 

experience. This has resulted in a significant increase 

in the rapport time between staff and patient and 

increased the communication within the team. Different 

groups of staff satisfaction have shown an increase by 

around 47% to 62%. 

Reducing fall incidences using modified Hendrich 

ii assessment tool

To reduce fall incidences in the inpatient units, this 

project focused on eight independent factors to prevent 

falls and increased compliance on fall risk reassessment 

from 98% to 100%. This resulted in a decreasing trend 

of inpatient fall rate which improved safety of patients, 

quality of nursing care, length of stay and unnecessary 

health care cost.

IMPROVEMENT PROJECTS









Raffles Hospital (RH) has its own full risk assessment 

tool but random audits has shown an inconsistency in 

re-assessment of the patients and preventive measures 

implemented resulting in high fall incidences. Thus, there 

is an increased focus being placed on inpatient falls. 

Upon admission, all patients will undergo the risk 

assessment for falls and are re-assessed routinely for 

every 72 hours of the nurses’ shift or when there are 

changes in a patient’s condition or environment. The eight 

independent risk factors are: disorientation, symptomatic 

depression, 

altered 

elimination, 

gender, 

dizziness, 

prescribed anti-epileptics, prescribed benzodiazepines 

and the ability to perform “get up and go test”. 

After which, staff will identify the appropriate fall preventive 

measures, and tag high fall risk patients of a Hendrich 

score of five or more with a red coloured wrist tag.






Staff


caring today for a better tomorrow

42

hiring, Recruitment &amp; Retention

We want to be an employer of choice. The ability to 

continuously attract, retain and develop talent is 

key to our success. Our core values of compassion, 

commitment, excellence, team-based care and value 

(CCETV) underpin how we do business. Each member 

of our medical, clinical, administrative and support teams 

brings a level of experience, expertise and commitment 

to patient care that is unmatched in our industry.

We recognise that recruitment is challenging in areas 

such as nursing and allied health positions due to the 

opening of new hospitals and a shortage of suitably 

qualified healthcare professionals. We are constantly 

exploring new channels of talent acquisition such 

as establishing partnerships with e2i, Workforce 

Singapore, local universities, polytechnics and ITE to 

provide opportunities for employment by the hospital.

As part of our strategy to attract and retain diverse talent, 

we offer staff a range of flexible work arrangements 

Staff (400SeRieS)









(FWAs) that enable them to work while balancing their 

personal needs. These include flexi-time, part-time work, 

contract basis, project-based work, amongst others. The 

application process for FWAs has been simplified to 

encourage take-up rate. This has made the organisation, 

attractive to individuals with personal responsibilities, 

including working mothers.

One key thrust of the HR policy is the formalised, 

structured selection process that Raffles has devised 

for the screening and hiring of new staff.  Interviewers 

are provided with clear written guidelines that include 

recruitment &amp; selection, hiring, retirement and re-employment 

policies and a standard method to assess competencies. 

Staff retention practices are also formalised in HR policy, 

where all staff are able to access. These include a 

grievance handling workflow, disciplinary, whistle-blowing 

and performance management policies as well as training 

and development programmes.

Staff can be expected to be treated fairly and to receive 

prompt responses to problems and concerns.  For this 

reason, RMG provides a grievance procedure to promote 

prompt and responsible resolution of issues raised by 

staff and line managers.





The Raffles Onboarding programme is held monthly to integrate 

new joiners into the organisation 


raffles medical group  SuStainability RepoRt 2017

43

Working conditions

We partner our staff in making our hospital a happy 

place to work in. Their inputs are always important. 

That’s why we provide various feedback channels for 

them to contribute to the improvement of our workplace.  

We adopt an inclusive culture and open approach so as 

to keep the team aligned with our actions and directions, 

in our journey to shape the future of healthcare. 

At RMG, staff’s views are actively sought through various 

feedback channels and acted upon, creating an inclusive 

work environment based on mutual trust and respect. 

The senior management values staff feedback and takes 

the lead in creating an inclusive work culture.  

fair employment practices 

The Group aims to eliminate discrimination on any 

grounds and promotes equal opportunities and a fair 

working environment. The Group adopts a human 

resources policy that combines a role-based system 

that grades individual staff based on the extent of their 

roles, with a performance-based approach to evaluation 

and compensation based on the outcomes of their job 

performance within their respective roles.

The Group respects the right of staff to adhere to normal 

or agreed working hours in accordance with Company 

Policy established in compliance with the laws and 

regulations. The Group is committed to ensuring that 

the welfare of workers and labour conditions within its 

supply chain meet or exceed recognised standards.













The various engagement channels include:

• Large scale meetings such as Annual Staff Meeting 

  and Annual Management Meeting, to keep staff posted 

   on the Company results and performance as well as 

   important developments that are under the way. At the 

   same time, these platforms help to forge continued 

   bonding and engagement. 

• Quarterly social engagement funds are provided where 

    departments are encouraged to hold social engagement 

  events or activities for branding purpose. 

• Professional consultation and referrals under our 

  Employee Assistance Programme (EAP) where staff 

   have an avenue whereby he / she can gain more insight 

  into their current emotional state and how to obtain 

  relevant help or treatment, if necessary.

Fair employment practices are upheld by promoting 

equal opportunities

The Service Recognition Programme recognises staff who had 

displayed exemplary service to patients.

During the Annual Staff Meeting, staff are updated on the 

organisation’s outlook for the current and upcoming year.


caring today for a better tomorrow

44

Staff Benefits 

Benefits are an important part of a staff’s compensation 

package. We offer a benefits package with choice and 

flexibility to meet the needs of the eligible staff and their 

family members.  

Full time staff benefits include medical and dental 

consultation 

and 

/ 

or 

treatment 

reimbursement, 

hospitalisation benefits, comprehensive health screening, 

additional insurance coverage other than Work Injury 

Compensation insurance coverage, transport allowance, 

training and development, claim for professional fees for 

joining professional associations, Long Service Award, 

Annual Dinner and Dance event, entry passes for places of 

interest, and tokens for special occasions. Part-time staff 

will have their benefits pro-rated in accordance with  their 

working hours. 

Another significant initiative is the Raffles Flexible Benefits 

Scheme that comprises core and flexible benefits. Staff 

may choose to spend their allocated flexi dollars to either 

enhance their medical benefits or claim from a list of 

reimbursable items.













parental leave (401-3) 

Staff are eligible for parental leave, which includes 

maternity leave, paternity leave and share parental leave. 

All parental leave entitlements are in line with Ministry of 

Social and Family Development’s guidelines.

occupational health and Safety (403)

As a healthcare organisation, RMG has since 2013, subscribed 

to BizSAFE Level 3 as commitment towards maintaining safe 

and healthy work environment for its staff in compliance with 

legislative requirements. It is committed to:

•  Comply with all statutory safety and health requirements, 

   and other existing standards and guidelines;

•  Eliminate hazards or adopt reasonably practicable means 

   to reduce the risk of injury to its staff to an acceptable level;

•   Seek the involvement of various stakeholders to effectively 

   implement Workplace Safety and Health (WSH) Policy 

   objectives;

•  Improve continuously through on-going reviews of WSH 

   mechanisms; and

•  Provide adequate resources to ensure compliance to 

   Workplace Safety and Health Regulations.


raffles medical group  SuStainability RepoRt 2017

45









RMG is also represented in the Workplace Safety &amp; Health 

Council (Healthcare) that works closely with the Ministry of 

Manpower (MOM) and other government agencies, the industry, 

unions, and professional associations to develop strategies to 

raise WSH standards in Singapore.

We regularly assess potential health and safety risks, take 

preventive measures and increase staff awareness about 

safety. Our Hospital Quality Assurance Committee and Safety 

and Health committee periodically review safety and health 

policies, procedures and practices. Our Risk Assessment Team 

works with the appointed Risk Management Champions to 

assess risks for every work activity and process carried out at 

the workplace.

RMG is a certified BizSAFE Level 3 company, awarded by 

the Workplace Safety &amp; Health Council Singapore based on 

an independent audit by a Ministry of Manpower approved 

BizSAFE Auditor. RMG conducts regular workplace safety and 

health trainings. E-learning programmes were also developed 

to ensure that all staff are orientated to workplace safety and 

health knowledge. The safety and health committee provides 

oversight for staff-related incidents.  

For employee wellness, all staff have access to Employee 

Assistance Programme (EAP) which includes a free helpline and 

confidential counselling service to address personal or work-

related problems directly with a counsellor or referred specialist.

training and education (404)

Our staff are part of our human capital whose competencies 

are fundamental to RMG’s operational effectiveness. 

We aim to develop their potential to drive innovation and 

organisational excellence. 

As an employer, we find ways to truly engage our staff to 

support them in delivering in the future. We strongly believe 

in developing our people by growing our own timber. We 

will continue to invest in developing all staff – both through 

the specific knowledge and skills they need to do their jobs. 

Building world-class staff and capabilities will not only help 

our business but also support our brand.

RMG has a tailored training and development support for 

its diverse workforce via the structured Total Learning Plan 

for all staff, developed through a transparent, systematic 

Learning Needs Analysis process. Staff are valued for 

their performance and competence on the job, and the 

management focuses on helping staff identify their core 

strengths, along with raising their knowledge and skill 

levels. This is done through various training initiatives such 

as professional coaching, mentoring, on-the-job training, 

cross-training in multiple functions, as well as job rotation. 


caring today for a better tomorrow

46

In 2017, RHI opened its training programmes to international 

students and external participants. A total of 94 international 

students attended the Institute’s overseas nursing education 

programme, where they gained knowledge on integrated 

approach to clinical reasoning and analytical skills to 

recognise and evaluate patient outcomes.

 

Locally, the Institute extended training on life support 

courses such as Basic Cardiac Life Support (BCLS), 

Automated External Defibrillator (AED), First Aid Awareness 

and Standard First Aid to its corporate clients and healthcare 

professionals where more than 4,000 participants have benefitted.

The local outreach and international exchange programme 

exemplifies the enduring commitment of the Institute to 

contribute to the development of healthcare professionals, 

with the goal of improving the quality of healthcare.

Raffles Healthcare Institute 

Raffles Healthcare Institute (RHI) was set up on 1 July 2013 

with the objectives of supporting RMG’s  growing manpower 

development needs, and contributing to training of local and 

foreign healthcare professionals to increase competency 

and professionalism.

As the training arm of RMG, the RHI leverages on the 

expanding base of clinical and management expertise and 

resources of Raffles Hospital and the network of specialists, 

family medicine and dental clinics.





In addition, its institutionally-based group practice 

model affords a structure of clinical leadership and 

governance and a membership of medical staff which 

supports teaching and education.

As a private healthcare institution, RMG is also able to 

value add to the educational experience of each student 

/ trainee by providing not only clinical experience but 

also exposure to private sector standards of service 

excellence and business management.

RHI brings together all the training initiatives and 

activities for medical, dental, nursing, allied health, 

and healthcare management under one umbrella. 

For ease of reference, RHI has organised the training 

programmes under the following categories: 

• Medical / Dental 

• Nursing 

• Allied Health 

• Healthcare - General and Management 

• Life Support Training 

RHI currently offers programmes in continuing medical 

education, clinical attachments for nursing and 

allied health students and trainees, and courses and 

workshops related to clinical skills, patient safety, service 

quality, healthcare management, and professional and 

continuing education. 

As we grow as a Group, we are constantly creating 

opportunities for staff to grow with us through continuous 

training and professional development.  Staff are given 

the opportunity to upgrade their qualifications through 

sponsorship and there are clear pathways for them to 

assume greater responsibility such as managers and 

directors roles. 

In 2015, we implemented a customised nursing 

foundation programme, namely Nursing Graduate 

Residency Programme (NGRP) to engage all our 

nursing staff (all new and existing nurses) in lifelong 

learning and at the same time, develop novice nurses 

to advance clinical practice nurses. 

developing healthcare professionals


raffles medical group  SuStainability RepoRt 2017

47



Social


caring today for a better tomorrow

48

local coMMunitieS (413-1)

charity and community investment

RMG strives to be a good corporate citizen and has 

developed 

various 

Corporate 

Social 

Responsibility 

(CSR) programmes over the years. One such initiative 

is the creation of a charity organisation, Asian Medical 

Foundation (AMF) in 2003. AMF was initially founded by a 

group of doctors and nurses from RMG. It reaches out by 

serving the medical and healthcare needs of the poor and 

the under-privileged in the Singapore community. Beyond 

AMF, RMG also supports various worthy causes. 

pledge of $1 million by RMG to the national 

kidney foundation

As part of the Group’s 40th anniversary in 2016, RMG 

pledged a donation of $1 million to the National Kidney 

Foundation (NKF). The donation will go towards the setting 

up of the Raffles-NKF Renal Wellness Centre at Raffles 

Specialist Centre as well as a Raffles-NKF Peritoneal 

Dialysis &amp; Wellness Centre at Block 109 Whampoa Road.

RMG and NKF signed the Memorandum of Understanding 

on 28 August 2017. Of the pledged donation, $400,000 

was disbursed in August 2017 for the Raffles-NKF 

Peritoneal Dialysis &amp; Wellness Centre. 

Memories café

Through AMF, RMG continued to support the Alzheimer's 

Disease Association (ADA) for the second year via the 

Memories Café. Started in May 2016, this social event 

provides a change in environment for caregivers and persons 

with dementia (PWD) to share their experiences in a safe 

and supportive setting. In the first hour of the programme, 

community artists, volunteers and staff lead in activities such 

as sing-along sessions and musical performances. This is 

followed by an hour of social interaction over drinks and 

snacks among PWD, caregivers and customers at a café. 

Zion home for the aged

The Zion Home for the Aged is a shelter and home for aged 

females that was established in 1979 by Zion Presbyterian 

Church. Since June 2015, doctors and TCM physicians from 

RMG have visited the Zion Home for the Aged on a monthly 

basis to provide medical consultations, acupuncture service 

and advice for the residents. When necessary, elderly 

patients who require further specialist consultations are 

referred to Raffles Hospital for X-rays, laboratory tests and 

medication by specialist doctors at no expense. 


















raffles medical group  SuStainability RepoRt 2017

49

pcf Sparklecare

RMG staff makes monthly visits to two PCF Sparklecare 

centres in Simei and Yew Tee. While there, they interviewed, 

consulted and examined the elderly dementia and 

stroke patients together with PCF’s physiotherapists and 

occupational therapists to determine adjustments with their 

rehabilitation programmes onsite.  

Mindful healthy eating programme

RMG’s dietitians developed a month long programme for 

Movement for the Intellectually Disabled of Singapore 

(MINDS) Woodlands. The programme aimed to equip the 

special needs children with healthy eating knowledge as well 

as basic cooking skills - life skills that can benefit them. 

Raffles Gives Back

Responding to call for donation of equipment and items for 

Zion Home for the Aged and Bethesda Care and Counselling 

Services Centre, the enthusiastic staff of RMG raised $8,440 

under the auspice of AMF in just two days. 

health Screening

As colorectal cancer continued to be one of the leading 

cancer in Singapore, RMG offered free Faecal Occult Blood 

Test (FOBT) kits to persons aged 50 years and above for 

2017. The kit could be collected from Raffles Hospital 

and all Raffles Medical clinics island wide. A total of 130 

persons underwent the screening. Those who are found to 

have blood in their stools are encouraged to further do a 

colonoscopy or gastroscopy with packages that can be fully 

covered by Medisave.

In conjunction with Breast Cancer Awareness Month in 

October 2017, RMG offered discounted mammogram 

screening packages. A total of 3,392 packages were taken 

up between 1 October 2017 and 31 January 2018. 













community outreach

RMG doctors and nurses regularly engage in community 

outreach activities such as conducting basic health 

screening sessions, giving health education talks and 

advice on healthy ageing to senior citizens and distributing 

masks at community centres in various parts of Singapore. 

Participants who attend the talks are encouraged to share 

their knowledge among their social circles, thereby raising 

the awareness of healthy ageing in the community. Some 

of the doctors are also involved in running clinics for foreign 

workers on a regular basis.






caring today for a better tomorrow

50

education

Scholarship

We  provide a wide range of scholarships and sponsorships 

for both pre-service and in-service staff. This has raised 

the knowledge and skill level of the workforce as a whole, 

leading to better patient experience and outcomes. 

Since its inception in 2012, the Group’s Scholarship 

programme has been extended to 32 students. From 

2016 to 2021, another $4.2 million has been set aside 

for 40 additional scholarships which will be given to both 

local and foreign students to pursue nursing, pharmacy, 

diagnostic radiography, occupational therapy or business 

management courses.

In addition, the Group has granted scholarships and 

bursaries as well as invested in staff pursuing degree 

courses, master programmes as well as other upgrading 

training over the years.

bursary award

Introduced in 2011, the Raffles Medical Group Bursary 

provides financial assistance to the Group’s staff for their 

children’s education, thus giving them a head start in their 

life and career. Since then, a total of 66 bursaries have been 

awarded, benefitting a total of 47 staff and 66 children.

Mr Hamzah Bin Talip (pictured far left) who serves 

as Concierge in Raffles Hospital, is one of the many 

beneficiaries. He is grateful for the introduction of 

the RMG Bursary Awards. He shared that his family 

had benefitted as the bursary were utilised for his two 

children’s schooling necessities, such as textbooks 

and stationery. With the assistance received, the 

family was able to put the funds to good use.









clinical tRaininG and inteRnShipS

Through the Raffles Healthcare Institute, RMG trains 

physicians, nurses, allied health and healthcare managers 

in collaboration with local medical schools, polytechnics 

and vocational institutions to provide clinical training for 

undergraduates and postgraduates. These include clinical 

attachment and supervision for residents enrolled under the 

NUHS Family Medicine Residency Programme, as well as 

Family Medicine training postings for medical students from 

the National University of Singapore’s Yong Loo Lin School 

of Medicine and Duke-NUS Graduate Medical School, and 

the Nanyang Technological University’s Lee Kong Chian 

School of Medicine. 

In addition, RMG partners with Nanyang Polytechnic, 

Ngee Ann Polytechnic, Singapore Polytechnic, Temasek 

Polytechnic, Republic Polytechnic, Singapore Institute of 

Technology and Institute of Technical Education to offer 

clinical placements in diverse areas including nursing, 

radiography, pharmacy, laboratory and physiotherapy. 

Through which, students and trainees gained not only 

clinical experience in a private setting, but also exposure to 

private sector standards of service excellence and business 

management.  Through this, RMG contributes to the capacity 

for healthcare manpower development to meet the critical 

skills needs of the country.

RMG has expanded its training to corporate clients as well 

as healthcare professionals. In 2017 alone, more than 4,000 

participants attended Life Support courses such as Basic 

Cardiac Life Support, Automated External Defibrillator, First 

Aid Awareness, and Standard First Aid. 

Supporting our young


raffles medical group  SuStainability RepoRt 2017

51

cuStoMeR pRiVacy (418-1)

Patient confidentiality is an important aspect of healthcare 

and the Group strives to maintain that. On top of that, 

RMG has clear policies pertaining to PDPA drawn up since 

2014. The Group ensures it obtains patient consent for 

collection, use and disclosure and processing of personal 

data for healthcare related use only. We work closely with 

third parties who support the healthcare delivery (including 

insurance companies and other healthcare companies) 

to ensure compliance to the RMG PDPA policy. Patients 

can at any point in time choose to unsubscribe or opt out 

from SMS reminders. Staff are guided to call patients only 

for matters related to direct patient care. RMG’s privacy 

statements can be found on the corporate website 

(www.rafflesmedicalgroup.com)

The IT department and the Medical Record Office manage 

secure databases to safeguard personal data and patient 

records. RMG adheres to security best practices in 

the Healthcare and Financial Institutions industry. The 

Group has been audited using the Monetary Authority of 

Singapore Technology Risk Management Framework. 

The Group engages Managed Security Services Providers 

to counsel the Group accordingly. RMG staff undergo 

orientation, e-learning and are regularly updated on the 

latest cybersecurity threats and best practices. 

In line with the PDPA act, RMG has appointed Data 

Protection Officers to ensure that adequate action is taken 

to protect customers’ personal data. Policies are in place to 

address data protection issues. 

coMpliance (419-1) 

The Group is committed to comply with all the statutory 

and regulatory requirements. Management makes regular 

and periodic reports and updates to the Ministry of Health, 

Ministry of Manpower as well as other relevant government 

agencies and regulatory bodies.

Policies and processes have been set in place for 

compliance and adherence to national standards and 

regulations including those of licensing, infection control, 

workplace safety and other statutory requirements.

RMG is committed to exercise the utmost vigilance 

wherever its products and services are involved, whether or 

not they are distributed by one of its distribution channels. 

This vigilance extends to third party products and services 

where, for example, the Group is acting as the distributor.

All Raffles Health Insurance staff complete an e-learning 

programme from an accredited Institute of Banking and 

Finance training provider. The training modules include: (a) 

Personal Data Protection Act; (b) Anti-bribery and Anti-corruption; 

(c) Anti-Money Laundering; (d) Information security and cyber 

risk awareness; and (e) Global Fraud Prevention. 

SocioeconoMic coMpliance (419-1) 

As a responsible and a leading provider of integrated 

healthcare services, the Group is committed to work closely 

with government agencies and regulators to comply with 

the statutory and regulatory requirements in the regions 

that the Group operates.  

Management is committed to make regular periodic reports 

and updates to the Ministry of Health, Ministry of Manpower 

in Singapore as well as other relevant government agencies 

and regulatory bodies in the regions that the Group operates.

Policies and processes have been set in place for 

compliance and adherence to national standards and 

regulations including those of licensing, infection control, 

workplace safety and other statutory requirements.

The Group has not identified any significant non-compliance 

with national standards and regulations.


caring today for a better tomorrow

52

disclosure number

GRi 102: General disclosures

disclosure title 

page number

102-1

102-2

102-3

102-4

102-5

102-6

102-7

102-8

102-9

102-10

102-11

102-12

102-13

102-14

102-15

102-16

102-17

102-18

102-19

102-20

102-21

102-22

102-23

102-28

102-29

102-30

102-31

102-32

102-33

102-34

102-35

102-36

102-37

GRi content index 

‘in accordance’ – core

NOTE: Disclosures marked in green are core to report 

The GRI Content Index references to the Raffles Medical Group Sustainability Report 2017 and the Annual Report 2017 (AR).

Name of the organisation

Activities, brands, products, and services

Location of headquarters

Location of operations

Ownership and legal form

Markets served

Scale of the organisation

Information on employees and other workers

Supply chain

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain

Precautionary Principle or approach

External initiatives

Membership of associations 

Statement from senior decision-maker

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics

Governance structure 

Delegating authority 

Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, and social topics 

Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, and social topics 

Composition of the highest governance body and its committees 

Chair of the highest governance body 

Evaluating the highest governance body’s performance 

Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social impacts

Effectiveness of risk management processes 

Review of economic, environmental, and social topics

Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting 

Communicating critical concerns

Nature and total number of critical concerns

Remuneration policies

Process for determining remuneration 

Stakeholders’ involvement in remuneration 

p. 2

p. 2

p. 4

p. 4

p. 2

p. 4

p. 5

p. 5

p. 8

p. 8

p. 8

pp 26, 29, 35 - 36, 

42 - 45, and 48 - 50 

p. 8

pp 6 - 7 

AR pp 6 - 7 

p. 5

p. 8

AR pp 33 - 54 

p. 9

p. 9

pp 10 - 18

AR pp 8 - 13 

AR pp 8 - 13

AR pp 41 

p. 19

AR pp 47 - 48 

p. 19 

p. 9

p. 19

p. 19 

AR pp 44 - 46

AR pp 44 - 46

AR pp 44 - 46


raffles medical group  SuStainability RepoRt 2017

53

disclosure number

GRi 102: General disclosures (cont)

GRi 103: Management approach

GRi 201: economic performance

disclosure title 

page number

102-40

102-41

102-42

102-43

102-44

102-45

102-46

102-47

102-48

102-49

102-50

102-51

102-52

102-53

102-54

102-55

103-1

103-2

103-3

201-1

List of stakeholder groups 

Collective bargaining agreements

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Key topics and concerns raised

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

List of material topics 

Restatements of information

Changes in reporting 

Reporting period 

Date of most recent report 

Reporting cycle

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

GRI content index

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

The management approach and its components

Evaluation of the management approach

Direct economic value generated and distributed

p. 10

p. 10

p. 10

p. 10

pp 10 - 18

AR pp 2, 138 - 140 

p. 3

p. 19

p. 3

p. 3

p. 3

p. 3

p. 3

p. 3

p. 3

pp 52 - 55 

p. 19

p. 19

p. 19

pp 26 - 27

GRi 204: procurement practices

GRi 205: anti-corruption

204-1

205-1

205-2

205-3

Proportion of spending on local suppliers 

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

pp 23,  26

p. 27

p. 27

p. 27


caring today for a better tomorrow

54

GRi 303: Water

GRi 302: energy

GRi 301: Materials

GRi 401: employment

GRi 403: occupational health and Safety

303-1

302-1

302-2

302-3

302-4

301-1

301-2

401-1

401-2

401-3

403-1

403-2

403-3

403-4

Water withdrawal by source

Energy consumption within the organisation

Energy consumption outside of the organisation

Energy intensity

Reduction of energy consumption

Materials used by weight or volume

Recycled input materials used

New employee hires and employee turnover

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or 

part-time employees

Parental leave 

Workers representation in formal joint management–worker health and 

safety committees

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of work-related fatalities

Workers with high incidence or high risk of diseases related to their occupation

Health and safety topics covered in formal agreements with trade unions

p. 22

p. 22

pp 32 - 33

pp 32 - 33

pp 32 - 33

pp 32 - 33

pp 29 - 30

pp 23, 42

p. 44

p. 44

p. 44

p. 23

p. 44

pp 44 - 45

disclosure number

disclosure title 

page number

GRi content index 

‘in accordance’ – core

NOTE: Disclosures marked in green are core to report 

The GRI Content Index references to the Raffles Medical Group Sustainability Report 2017 and the Annual Report 2017 (AR).


raffles medical group  SuStainability RepoRt 2017

55

GRi 404: training and education

404-1

404-2

404-3

Average hours of training per year per employee

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career 

development reviews

p. 23

p. 45

p. 23

GRi 413: local communities

GRi 414: Supplier Social assessment

413-1

414-1

Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and 

development programs

New suppliers that were screened using social criteria

pp 16 -17, 48 - 50

p. 8

GRi 419: Socioeconomic compliance

GRi 416: customer health and Safety

GRi 418: customer privacy

419-1

416-1

418-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area

Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses 

of customer data

p. 35

p. 51

p. 51

disclosure number

disclosure title 

page number


Company Registration No.

198901967K

585 North Bridge Road

Raffles Hospital #11-00

Singapore 188770

Telephone : (65) 6311 1111

Fascimile   : (65) 6338 1318

www.rafflesmedicalgroup.com

