


TECHNOLOGY

&amp;

NEXUS OF

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019


the forefront of digital transformation in this fast-moving world.

We seek to empower our clients by integrating innovative solutions into their existing 

business frameworks using the latest CreativeTech¹ advancements, so that they remain at 

Mission

We aim to create a world where people and technology can come together in harmony to 

optimise business efficiency, by continuously pushing the boundaries of innovation and 

leading the CreativeTech landscape.

Vision

 

achieve our clients' business objectives. 

• 

Innovation: To research and develop new and innovative ideas that better

 

strive for better work and improve our skillsets. 

• 

Continuous Improvement: To use our existing achievements as motivation to

 

internal teams and external partners.

• 

Collaboration: To adopt a cooperative attitude when working with both

 

and perform tasks with dedication.

• 

Loyalty and Commitment: To cultivate a sense of responsibility to our clients

 

technology and a willingness to find innovative solutions to unique challenges.

• 

Positive Attitude: To nurture an appetite to experiment with new concepts and

Our team is our cornerstone for success. At REVEZ Corporation, we honour and uphold 

these values:

Culture

CONTENTS

About REVEZ Corporation Ltd

Board Statement

Corporate Structure

Our Stakeholders &amp; Materiality Analysis

Sustainability Focus Areas 

• 

Governance

• 

Social

• 

Responsible Digitalization

Community

02

NEXUS OF CREATIVITY 

AND TECHNOLOGY

¹ "CreativeTech" refers to a hub of creative technological specialists who provide creative concepts and designs through the innovative use of technologies.


customers regionally.

The Company’s current business operations Headquarter is based in Singapore and serves

different services in REVEZ Hub, creating a talent hub or hybrid experts who are able to 

recommend solutions within their domain of expertise, and collaborating with others when 

required.

Compared to other competitors where clients may be required to coordinate with various 

vendors and solution providers, REVEZ Hub eliminates the barriers and confusion, enabling 

smooth and timely delivery of projects.

Our employees across the Company’s subsidiaries understand the functionalities of

contact.

These business services while operating independently, are synergised within REVEZ Hub. 

Our uniqueness comes from our ability to cross-dimensionally value-add to these services, 

to fit our clients' requirements. This means that we are able to meet the demands of larger 

scale projects, while our clients benefit from the convenience of one central point of

Information and Communication Technology (“ICT”), Deep Tech in Artificial Intelligence 

(“AI”) &amp; Internet of Things (“IOT”), industrial automation, cyber security,  as well as meetings, 

incentives, conferences, and exhibitions (MICE) support, and have been involved in projects 

across the Asia-Pacific region.

In REVEZ Hub, we provide business services related to the focus areas of Multimedia,

REVEZ Corporation Ltd (the “Company”) prides ourselves as a CreativeTech Hub² also 

known as “REVEZ Hub”, that focuses on delivering innovative concepts and solutions across 

its business services. This enables the Company to retain its unique business position and 

competitive edge in this fast-moving digital economy.

CORPORATION LTD

ABOUT REVEZ

1.

² "CreativeTech Hub" refers to a hub of creative technological specialists who provide creative concepts and designs through the innovative use of technologies.

03

NEXUS OF CREATIVITY 

AND TECHNOLOGY


The Company’s sustainability report will be published on an annual basis and made available 

on our website. We welcome stakeholders to provide us with feedback and suggestions at 

enquiry@revezcorp.com.

disclosures on our material topics as our sustainability reporting matures over time. We will 

also start to engage our external stakeholders in subsequent reports and improve our 

efforts as we move forward in our sustainability journey.

As we continue to expand, we are held accountable by our diverse stakeholders who will keep 

us in check to ensure transparency and accuracy. A phased approach is being adopted by the 

Company for our sustainability report and we will seek to provide additional

In 2019, we conducted our first internal materiality assessment and have identified material 

Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) topics relevant to our business. The Board has 

considered sustainability issues as part of its strategic formulation, determined the material 

ESG factors and overseen the management and monitoring of sustainability risks and 

opportunities, while ensuring all ESG matters significant to our business are addressed.

As an established CreativeTech provider, the Company is committed to maintain a high 

standard of a management system governed by the strictest internal controls and risk 

management practices. The nature of the Company’s business operations requires good 

governance controls ensuring the protection of intellectual property, data privacy and 

security. These topics are of paramount importance and material to our business. 

operations only.

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of REVEZ Corporation Ltd, is pleased to present the 

inaugural sustainability report of financial year 2019 (“FY2019”)³ . The sustainability report 

has been prepared based on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited Listing 

Manual (SGX-ST Listing Manual): Listing Rules 711A and 711B, and with reference to the 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards (2016), a globally-recognised sustainability 

reporting framework that aids REVEZ in presenting a balanced view of the Company’s 

contributions towards sustainable development. This report covers our Singapore

STATEMENT

BOARD

2.

³ REVEZ Corporation Ltd, formerly Jason Holdings Limited, completed its acquisition of creative technology provider REVEZ Group Pte Ltd in a reverse takeover on 7 June 

2019. The financial year 2019 ending 31 Dec 2019 is thus not a full year.

04

NEXUS OF CREATIVITY 

AND TECHNOLOGY


STRUCTURE

CORPORATE

3.

⁵ AIAC Pte. Ltd. was incorporated on 19 February 2020 as 100% wholly owned subsidiary. As announced by the Company on 1 April 2020, the Company’s shareholding in AIAC 

was diluted from 100% to 70.5% due to new shares being allotted.

⁴ REVEZ International Pte. Ltd. was renamed from REVEZ Group Pte. Ltd. (“RGPL”) as of 13 February 2020. The Company has undertaken an internal restructuring exercise 

pursuant to which the shares of all its indirect subsidiaries held through RGPL have been transferred to the Company. 

100% REVEZ Motion Pte. Ltd.

100%   REVEZ Pte. Ltd.

51%   

Newood Design Pte. Ltd.

80%   

IOIO Lab Pte. Ltd.

100% REVEZ GROUP Pte. Ltd.

Before Restructuring 

REVEZ CORPORATION LTD.

100% REVEZ Motion Pte. Ltd.

100%   REVEZ Pte. Ltd.

51%   

Newood Design Pte. Ltd.

80%   

IOIO Lab Pte. Ltd.

100%  REVEZ International Pte. Ltd.⁴

70.5% AIAC Pte. Ltd.⁵

REVEZ CORPORATION LTD.

After Restructuring 

(Announcement on 14 February 2020)

05

NEXUS OF CREATIVITY 

AND TECHNOLOGY


06

NEXUS OF CREATIVITY 

AND TECHNOLOGY

• GRI 401-1

Talent management

• Employee retention

Responsible digitalization

• Innovation (Research &amp; Development)

Social

• GRI 418-1

• Ethics &amp; Compliance

• Confidentiality and protection of 

     intellectual property

• Customer Data Privacy

Governance

Focus Areas

Material Topics

GRI Standards (where applicable)

Institutional investors, analysts, retail investors, Securities Investors

Association of Singapore.

Shareholders and 

Investors

Infocomm Media Development Authority, Singapore Exchange, Ministry of

Manpower, etc.

Authorities and

Regulatory Bodies

Collaboration partners, equipment suppliers, service -related suppliers etc.

Business partners 

and Suppliers

Corporates, general public

Customers

Our employees

Employees

Our Stakeholders

Sustainability Focus Areas. Relevant GRI Standards will be used, where applicable, to report 

on the policies, practices and performance of these material topics. 

We have identified and prioritised the material topics to be reported under the various

As this is the Company’s first sustainability report, we are in the process of collecting data 

for our material topics to better understand and establish a baseline so that we may report 

on our performance in subsequent reports.

conducted our first internal materiality assessment in 2019. The criteria for the Company’s 

material analysis were explored and selected based on industry international standards, 

peer benchmarking based on companies with similar operations, internal responses and 

management awareness.

To ensure we prioritise the issues that have the most impact on the economy, society and 

the environment, and that most influence the decision-making of our stakeholders, we

The Company engages a wide variety of stakeholders including employees, customers, 

business partners, industry associations and the authorities. 

MATERIALITY ANALYSIS

OUR STAKEHOLDERS &amp;

4.


FOCUS AREAS

SUSTAINABILITY

5.

As the Company continues to grow, we are committed to ensure compliance and ethics 

remain our top priorities to maintain the trust of our stakeholders and will aim to achieve full 

compliance with all applicable regulations. 

An anonymous reporting channel is available for employees to report concerns, and our 

non-retaliation policy is also communicated clearly, which prohibits retaliation against 

anyone who, in good faith, reports a concern or participates in an investigation.

We maintain a robust process for reporting misconduct, and employees are encouraged to 

raise ethical questions and concerns, and to ask questions about policies or procedures.

Company. Through the Code of Conduct, we seek to promote honest and ethical conduct, 

deter wrongdoing, and support compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

independent contractors, consultants, suppliers, and others who do business with our

Our Code of Conduct established in 2019 affirms the principles that guide the behaviour of 

the Company and its subsidiaries, non-employee members of our Board of Directors,

management procedure is complying with relevant local laws and regulations to guide our 

business practices and operations. Beyond legal requirements, the Company is guided by 

our internal policies and procedures which covers topics such as non-competition, gifts 

policy, conflict of interest and grievance mechanism for employees.

We are committed to ensure that compliance and ethics remain the foundation of all our 

business practices. Our commitment to conduct our business in an ethical and transparent 

manner is embedded in our business practices. The primary basis of our compliance

Compliance and Ethics

executive and board compensation, as well as succession planning.

governance issues, including board independence, composition and refreshment,

governance on compliance and ethics management are kept in check by the Board and 

senior management. Our Board of Directors monitors and responds to important

Within the Company, we instil a strong culture of corporate governance to guide us in all 

aspects of our businesses. Exercising accountability and transparency in our business 

reflects our commitment to the highest standards of governance. Compliance and ethics 

are fundamental elements of a responsible, accountable business process and our

5.1 Governance

07

NEXUS OF CREATIVITY 

AND TECHNOLOGY


confidential. We acknowledge that any breach of data loss or business secrets can damage 

the reputation and credibility of the Company. Thus, we will continue investing to improve 

our internal controls and keep up to date with ever changing technological exposures.

We will continue investing to improve our internal controls and keep up to date with ever 

changing technological exposures so that we may achieve zero cases of loss of IP.

All new employees are required to sign a Non-Disclosure Agreement (“NDA”) as part of their 

hiring process to protect Company’s IP as well as any information that is deemed

We have established an IP-centric strategy to safeguard all our IP and technological 

research. In our Company, we believe a robust IP management is necessary to achieve global 

business competitiveness. Our IP management is being apzzplied constantly to ensure 

market readiness.

companies. We therefore take IT security extremely seriously by conducting appropriate 

reviews of our information technology systems, our operations and human resourcing, our 

management of cyber risk, and by educating our staff on awareness of data protection and 

cyber security.

security and maintaining the confidentiality of our business are paramount to us.

The Company provides a large volume of services to a significant number of clients and 

interacts with a range of external contractors, suppliers and private and public-sector

As a CreativeTech provider, where our business is the intellectual property (“IP”), data

Confidentiality &amp; protection of intellectual property

maintain full compliance in 2020.

We have zero cases of violations in data breach or data integrity in 2019 and strive to

physical safeguards that reflect this obligation.

confidential information and our Company has in place, administrative, technical and

information with care. Our processes are designed to preclude unnecessary access to

Our employees, as well as third parties who provide services on the Company’s behalf, are 

required by policy and process, as well as by contract, if applicable, to treat customer

comprehensive security procedure when deploying business activities to reduce any risk of 

data breach due to employee carelessness or errors. All relevant employees are trained to 

understand the security system procedures to guide them in their work activities and to 

empower them with the knowledge of what to be on the lookout for and how they can help 

the company stay safe.

The Company’s Data Protection Policy lays out strict requirements for the processing 

personal data of customers, business partners, employees and other third parties whose 

personal information we may have access to. As the first rule of thumb, we comply with the 

Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (PDPA) and invest in secure internal security 

systems to reduce the risk of data breach or data leaks. The Company has implemented a

Data privacy

GRI 418 – Customer Data Privacy

08

NEXUS OF CREATIVITY 

AND TECHNOLOGY


 

work environment.

Our employee turnover rate for the last 6 months was 6.6% and we aim to maintain 

our turnover rate at this level through effective employee engagement and positive

business ethics practices expected of all employees.

All employees are provided with our employee handbook, internal policies and the Code of 

Conduct to guide them in their everyday work activities. The employee handbook and 

Human Resource (HR) policy provides a clear narrative of the Company’s standards, 

expectations and individual rights of all employees. The Code of Conduct reflects the

 leave and employees medical subsidy. 

The Company offers attractive working environments, fair and competitive wages, and a 

working atmosphere based on mutual respect and appreciation for each individual. We are 

guided by the Ministry of Manpower Singapore as well as the Tripartite Alliance for Fair 

Employment Practices (TAFEP) on our working relationship with our employees on fair 

employment practices, remuneration and benefits such as maternity, paternity, childcare 

Engaging our employees in a meaningful way to boost their morale increase their trust and 

loyalty while reducing the employee turnover rates. Therefore, boosting employee morale is 

key in creating a positive influence in retaining our employees in the Company.

We are committed to promote a positive working environment where our employees are 

encouraged to perform at their very best and opportunities for growth are plentiful.

Employee Retention

GRI 401 – Employment

The Company takes pride in creative technological innovation research to keep up with 

emerging trends in the technological landscape, exposing our employees to various degrees 

of technological expertise and solutions. To maintain our talent and knowledge within the 

Company, we need to ensure our employees are involved in and enthusiastic about their 

work and workplace. As the Company looks at expanding, employee retention is necessary 

for our continued growth, success and maintaining our competitive edge. 

creating technological solutions is necessary for the Company.

Talent management is regarded as our strategic priority. Attracting and retaining

well-qualified talent is crucial but challenging in the competitive job market. Highly skilled 

candidates in creative technology and digital services are in high demand and candidates are 

inundated with opportunities. Retaining employees with the right skills and passion in 

Talent Management

5.2 Social

09

NEXUS OF CREATIVITY 

AND TECHNOLOGY


7

Employees

&gt; 50 years old

30 - 50 years old

&lt; 30 years old

NUMBER OF

NEW HIRES

2

Hires

5

Hires

6.6%

3

0%

0

EMPLOYEE TURNOVER

11.1%

5

4.4%

2

HIRING RATES

7

Employees

Females

Males

NUMBER OF

NEW HIRES

4

Men

3

Women

4.4%

2

2.2%

1

EMPLOYEE TURNOVER

6.6%

3

8.9%

4

HIRING RATES

45

Total Employees

Females

Males

EMPLOYEES

BY GENDER

23

Men

22

Women

HIRES

EMPLOYEE

2019

10

NEXUS OF CREATIVITY 

AND TECHNOLOGY

as of 31 Dec 2019


the same time, elevate REVEZ Hub’s competitive advantage.

Technological advances are constantly emerging and changing due to market trends, 

needs and demands. While the Company strives to continually enhance the digital user 

experiences of our clients, we also recognize that the innovation is about discovering the 

changing needs and demands of our clients so that we can develop and deliver an 

all-rounded integrated suite of solutions. The Company’s continuous investment in 

research and development allow us to come up with innovative solutions reflective of the 

technological advances under REVEZ Hub, where new products and technologies, 

or improvements to existing ones, are protected through our intellectual property rights.

We aim to advance the technological capabilities of our employees and provide them with 

internal and external training opportunities including courses and conferences, while at  

this fast-moving world.

We believe in investing research and development as it is a critical factor in achieving our 

strategic objective to become one of the world's leading B2B creators of digital user 

experiences. The Company strives to create a world where human workers and technology 

harmoniously optimise business efficiency, continuously leading the innovation and 

creative technology landscape, so as to remain at the forefront of digital transformation in 

Innovation - Research &amp; Development

5.3 Responsible Digitalization

11

NEXUS OF CREATIVITY 

AND TECHNOLOGY


COMMUNITY

6.

12

NEXUS OF CREATIVITY 

AND TECHNOLOGY

Christmas Challenge ran from 11 to 22 December 2019. 

The Company also sponsored the grand prize of a 13” MacBook Pro for the 

coast-to-coast Christmas Challenge through the trail app gamification. The 12-day 

sponsored 10 mobile phones as prizes for this competition.

In March 2019, National Parks Board (“NParks”) launched a new mobile trail app 

competition as part of their initiative to promote coast-to-coast walking trails 

in Singapore. To encourage a healthy lifestyle in Singapore, the Company has 

• 

REVEZ Corporation Ltd sponsors Prizes for NParks Coast-to-Coast (C2C) trail 

REVEZ Corporation is proud to support the communities in which we operate. 

