






















 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Leader in the 

Manufacturing of 

Cleanroom and 

Healthcare Gloves 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

2020 




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

CONTENTS 

 

 

 

 

Board Statement 

2 

About this Report 

2 

About Riverstone Holdings Limited 

3-4 

Sustainability Statement 

5 

Materiality Assessment 

6 

Key Stakeholders’ Engagement 

Environmental 

- Water Conservation 

- Emissions &amp; Energy Usage 

- Effluents and Scheduled Waste 

7 

8 

8-9 

10 

10 

Social 

- Occupational Health and Safety 

- Labour Relations 

11 

11 

12-14 

Governance 

- Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption 

- Whistle-Blowing Policy 

14 

14 

14 




page 2 

RIVERSTONE HOLDINGS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 



 

 

 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

 

The Board of Directors of Riverstone Holdings Limited (“The Group”) is pleased to publish The Group’s 

Sustainability Report (“SR”) for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”). 

 

We consider sustainability issues as an integral part of The Group’s strategic business formulation and the 

Board remains committed to building a sustainable business by way of addressing the material Environmental, 

Social and Governance (“ESG”) factors while ensuring that our sustainability efforts would attain our financial 

performance targets despite the current challenging business conditions. 

 

Our senior management who leads the sustainability team reports to The Group CEO and Board of Directors on 

the material ESG factors and will continue to monitor and integrate the established ESG initiatives into our 

business operations. 

 

We reaffirm our commitment to sustainability with the publication of this report guided by the Global Reporting 

Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: Core option. 

 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

This report contains information regarding The Group’s Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) topics 

from 1 January to 31 December 2020. Information regarding The Group’s financial performance is obtainable 

from the Annual Report (“AR”) of Riverstone Holdings Limited for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 

 

As it is globally used and relied upon, this report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting 

Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: Core option. This latest set of standards issued by the GRI Global Sustainability 

Standards Board provides the framework on sustainability reporting. This report also incorporates the primary 

components of report content in accordance with the SGX’s “Comply or Explain” requirements under Rule 711B 

of the SGX Listing Rules. 

 

The scope of the report includes the significant operating business segment of The Group and there were no 

changes to our operations during the period under review. 

 

We have not sought external assurance for this report and will consult stakeholders on an ongoing basis as to 

the form of assurance they would seek from us. 

 

In the spirit of improving sustainability practices, we welcome our stakeholders’ suggestions and comments. 

Please reach out to us at mailto:bizsupport@riverstone.com.my should you have any feedback or questions 

concerning this SR. 




page 3 

RIVERSTONE HOLDINGS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 



 

 

 

 

ABOUT RIVERSTONE HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 

Riverstone Holdings Private Limited was incorporated in the Republic of Singapore on 3 August 2005 under the 

Act as a private company limited by shares. Our Company was converted into a public company and the name 

of our Company changed to Riverstone Holdings Limited in connection therewith on 27 October 2006. The 

company was subsequently listed on the Main Board of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the 

“SGX-ST”) on 20 November 2006. 

 

Headquartered in Bukit Beruntung, Malaysia, the company and its subsidiaries (“The Group”) are specialised in 

the production of Cleanroom, Healthcare gloves and non-glove consumable items namely finger cots, cleanroom 

packaging bags and face masks. Our products are qualified and widely used by major global players in the 

electronic and healthcare industries. On top of the achievements, The Group exports more than 80% of our 

products to key developed countries in Asia, the Americas and Europe. 

 

As a global supplier of Cleanroom Consumables and Healthcare gloves we have five manufacturing facilities 

located in Malaysia, Thailand and China and have established network of sales offices and strategic partners in 

Asia, the Americas and Europe. In Malaysia, we are also an ordinary member associated with the Malaysian 

Rubber Glove Manufacturers Association (“MARGMA”) which provides a common platform for discussion and 

exchange of views aimed at furthering the commercial objectives of its members and promoting a solid trade 

fraternity amongst them. 

 

VISION 

To be a global leader in the manufacture of cleanroom and healthcare gloves. 

 

MISSION 

Never compromise quality for short-term gain, strive to exceed customers’ satisfaction through superior product 

quality, on-time delivery and fair pricing, develop innovative new products and high degree of flexibility and 

adaptability in glove production, forge strong business partnership to reduce cost of doing business and provide 

a conducive working environment for its employees. 

 

CLEANROOM DIVISION 

Our cleanroom manufacturing facilities are National Environmental Balancing Bureau (“NEBB”) certified Class 10 

and Class 100 Cleanrooms built with unique features to produce gloves that meet our customers’ stringent 

requirement: 





 

Develop 





Manufacture 

Sell to end 

users under 

‘RS’ brand 



 

New 

products 




page 4 

RIVERSTONE HOLDINGS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 



 

 



 

Develop 



 

Manufacture 



 

Sell to 

distributors 

 

 

 

 

HEALTHCARE DIVISION 

We produce mainly premium nitrile gloves for the healthcare industry. These gloves are MNC qualified and are 

manufactured in a Good Manufacturing Practice (“GMP”) controlled environment on an OEM basis: 

 

Our products are nitrile examination gloves and hand-specific, high risk examination gloves, accelerator-free 

nitrile and halogen free nitrile gloves. 

 

 

 

NON-GLOVE CONSUMABLES 

Our consumables plant produces finger cots, packaging bags and face masks. These products are developed, 

manufactured to our end user’s specifications. 

 

The packaging bags we manufacture are for cleanroom use whereas the face masks are made either from fabric 

with efficient filtration and minimum particles generation or high bonded white nonwoven fabric that is 

hypoallergenic, odourless with efficient filtration. 

 

The production processes of these non-glove consumable items are performed in NEBB certified cleanroom to 

meet stringent customer requirements and are made free of Silicone Oil, Amide and Dioctyl Phthalate (“DOP”). 

In-house testing is conducted prior to each shipment. 

 

QUALITY ASSURANCE 

 

Quality Assurance (“QA”) is crucial in our business by ensuring the products meet certain threshold of acceptability, 

which we believe will ultimately improve The Group’s efficiency and profitability by reducing wastages. We 

apply Quality Management System (“QMS”) to our manufacturing processes and our QA laboratory is equipped 

with a complete range of state-of-the-art testing facilities. Our products are ISO certified, i.e. ISO 9001: 2015, 

ISO 13485: 2016 and ISO 14001: 2015. 

 

HUMAN CAPITAL INFORMATION 

The Group is supported by over 4,300 employees and we have structured our remuneration system fairly and 

transparently to retain and motivate employees through monetary benefits, ongoing job training and career 

advancement opportunities. Performance reviews are conducted annually to appraise staff and to reward them 

accordingly. 

 

We maintain a diverse workforce to promote acceptance, teamwork and respect despite cultural differences.  

 

As at 31 December 2020, The Group’s workforce comprised 65% of local employees and 35% of employees of 

foreign nationality. 




page 5 

RIVERSTONE HOLDINGS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 



 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 

 

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE AND COMMITMENT 

The Board of Directors recognises that sound corporate governance practices are important to the proper 

functioning of The Group companies and is committed to enhancing shareholder value by maintaining high 

standards of integrity and complying with all applicable laws and regulations. 

 

The Board comprises five directors of which three of the Board members are independent directors with strong 

financial and business background, providing the necessary experience and expertise to direct and lead The 

Group in relation to overall business management. Our senior management team that leads The Group’s 

Sustainability Committee, is assigned the responsibility for overseeing sustainability and reports to The Group 

CEO and Board of Directors. Refer to our FY2020 Annual Report from page 16 to 34 for more information on 

Corporate Governance. 

 

The Group adopts environmentally friendly, resource-efficient and responsible practices as part of the core 

sustainability values. Sustainability forms an integral part of its corporate strategy and decision-making process 

in achieving its vision of becoming a global leader in the manufacture of cleanroom and healthcare gloves. The 

Group ensures that the concerns and opinion of the key stakeholders are taken into consideration in the course 

of achieving its vision. 

 

VALUE CHAIN SUSTAINABILITY AND MANAGEMENT 

A sustainable supply chain is important in ensuring continuing success for business and as such, The Group 

endorses the following sustainable practices across its entire supply chain. 

 

Group Procurement Policy 

 

The procurement activities are guided by our Group Procurement Policy to ensure the goal of cost-effective, 

efficient and sustainable deliverability procurement is attained. The Group Procurement Policy guidelines entail 

the supplier selection and evaluation criteria like good quality products, competitive pricing and service support 

reliability are required to minimise supply chain risk and other negative business impact. 

 

Supplier Base Management 

 

The Group seeks to diversify the supplier base as we understand supplier diversity not only drives competition 

on price, quality and service level between The Group’s existing and potential suppliers, it would also encourage 

the growth of diverse business and economic growth of all communities. 




page 6 

RIVERSTONE HOLDINGS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 



 

 

 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

We have reassessed material ESG factors identified in our first SR by reviewing the significance of economic, 

environmental and social impacts, interests and expectations of stakeholders through their feedback and on- 

going internal discussions. 

 

Having considered the expectations of identified stakeholders and concerns pertaining to ESG, the 5 sustainability 

issues that were identified and discussed since our first SR remain the most relevant and material to our 

stakeholders and business for FY2020: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Energy and Water 

(Environmental) 

Effluents and 

Scheduled Waste 

(Environmental) 

Occupational 

Health and Safety 

(Social) 

Labour Relations 

(Social) 

Anti-Bribery and 

Anti-Corruption 

(Governance) 

 

 

 

MATERIALITY MATRIX 

 

 

 

 

*Occupational 

Health &amp; Safety 

*Corporate 

Governance 

 

 

 

*Energy &amp; Water 

*Environmental 

Compliance 

 

 

 

*Labour 

Relations 

 

 

*Community 

Development 

*Sustainable 

Procedure 

Practices 

 

 

 

*Diversity &amp; 

Inclusion 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Low 

High 

Significance of Economic, Environmental, Social and Governance Impacts on Riverstone Holdings. 











Influence on Stakeholder Assessment and Decisions 

Low 

High 




page 7 

RIVERSTONE HOLDINGS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 



 

 

 

 

KEY STAKEHOLDERS’ ENGAGEMENT 

 

It is important to frequently engage with our key stakeholders for us to better understand their expectations and 

concerns and to incorporate their applicable and relevant feedback into our long-term sustainability planning, 

which will help The Group to better overcome the arising ESG challenges, if any. 

 

In accordance with GRI 102-42, we have reassessed our key stakeholders identified previously and would 

conclude that they exert significant level of influence and interests in our business operations and ESG factors 

which are material to The Group and its key stakeholders. 

 

Key Stakeholder 

Key Topic 

Mode of Engagement 

Customers 

- Product quality and safety 

- Customer satisfaction 

- ESG 

- Feedback from customers 

- Site visit and plant audit conducted by them at our 

factory plant* 

- Informal dialogues and email correspondence 

*After strictly following the SOPs advice by 

authorities 

Employees 

- Labour relations 

- Skills and performance 

- Covid SOP and prevention 

briefing 

- Orientation programme 

- Periodic meetings 

- Annual performance appraisals 

- Team building oriented events 

- Workplace suggestion box 

Government 

- Regulatory and industry 

standards compliance 

- Consultations and discussions 

- Seminars and conferences for updates in policies 

Shareholders 

- Economic performance 

- Annual General Meeting 

- Corporate website 

- Queries to the Investor Relations 

Suppliers 

- Products and services quality 

- Sustainable deliverability 

- Site visit and plant audit conducted by us at their 

premises 

- Regular meetings 

 




page 8 

RIVERSTONE HOLDINGS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 



 

 



 

Stripping 







Former 

cleaning 

Dipping 

Pre- 

leaching 



 

Curing 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

 

As we all share a responsibility to fight the climate change, we maintain our focus on carrying out environmentally 

friendly practices to protect the environment for the well-being of future generations. The principal operating 

plant of The Group is in compliance with ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management and we constantly 

engage our ISO auditors and in-house engineering team to conduct on-going examination and discussion to 

independently verify that the applicable environmental laws and regulations are complied with. There was no 

incident of non-conformance registered during the FY2020 audit by external inspectors in July 2020 (FY2019: 

1 minor NCR). Our goal is to have zero cases of non-compliance concerning environmental requirements. Going 

beyond compliance, we are committed to taking continuous effort to minimise the possible adverse impact on 

the environment. 

 

Water Conservation 

Water is a limited resource and we continue to work on water saving initiatives. We reuse and recycle water 

where applicable through innovation and water saving features as follows: 

 

1) To reduce the water consumption by developing new formulation which requires lesser leaching. 

 

2) To reuse the water from leaching to former cleaning 

 

Water is recycled and reused 

 

Effluent Treatment Plant is in place to purify our industrial waste water for its reuse and its aim is to release safe 

water to the environment. We have a rain collection system built that runs the collected water through filtration at 

raw water treatment plant before releases to the production plant for manufacturing use. 

 

We are committed to recycling up to 30% of water gradually year by year and ultimately to reduce excessive 

withdrawal from water system by 5% per year. 

 

The estimated total water recycled from the leaching process during FY2020 increased to 152,000m3 (FY2019: 

132,000 m3) in view of the on-going installation of additional production lines. 




page 9 

RIVERSTONE HOLDINGS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 



 

 



Chlorination 

Pre-Rinse 

1 x rinse cycle 



 

2 x rinse cycle 

of hot water 



Filtration 



 

 

 

 

Chlorination 

Rinse 

4 x rinse cycle 



 

Waste Water 

Treatment 

Plant 



 

Recycle tank 

(slump) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

In addition to the water recycled from the leaching process, our chlorination and cleanroom laundry process 

recycles water from the DI rinse cycle, which can save water up to 40% 

 

Chlorination &amp; Cleanroom Laundry Process 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total water consumption remained at 0.33m3 per 1000 units of output (FY2019: 0.33m3 per 1000 units of output) 

amid customers’ high glove quality requirements. 



 

5 x rinse cycle 

of DI water 




page 10 

RIVERSTONE HOLDINGS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Emissions &amp; Energy Usage 

The Group continues to make conscious efforts in conserving energy by using energy efficiently and opting for 

renewable energy in an attempt to tackle the rapid global climate change by reducing our overall carbon footprint.  

We are implementing our first phase of solar energy project in FY2021 that is estimated to generate 547 kWp of 

energy yearly to reduce approximately 516 tCO2e of greenhouse gas emission per year. 

 

Another environmental sustainability plan we put into action is switching to electric forklifts for our main factory 

operations that produce zero emissions beginning FY2020. With 3 units currently in use, it is estimated that a 

total reduction of 72,000 lbs of CO2 per year is attainable. In addition, we set a goal to have a total of 300 trees to 

be planted at our new production site in Taiping, Perak over 3 years that would contribute an annual CO2 

reduction of approximately up to 1,500MT. 

 

Efficiency in natural gas usage in FY2020 improved to 0.38MMBtu per 1000 units of output (FY2019: 0.39MMBtu per 

1000 units of output), despite our production consistently requires higher-than-usual heat temperature generated 

for glove curing in the oven system to better meet the glove quality demand as we install high-efficient industrial 

burner for glove curing at our production lines in stages which could typically reduce the natural gas consumption 

by 10% compared to the regular packaged burner. 

 

Concerning our electricity saving’s performance, we use the high efficiency motor or IE2 (with reference to Standard 

IEC/EN 60034-30-1 on efficiency classes of line operated AC motors published by the International Electrotechnical 

Commission (IEC) on March 6, 2014) to operate the dipping machine ovens that could reduce the electricity 

consumption. In addition, we use LED lightbulbs across our factory blocks and office buildings for energy 

saving. As a result, electricity usage in FY2020 reduced to 10.0kWh per 1000 units of output (FY2019: 10.5kWh 

per 1000 units of output). 

 

Employees are reminded of the basic electricity and water saving practices through internal memo and daily 

briefing as every little action in our routine would make a difference in the fight against climate change. 

 

Effluents and Scheduled Waste 

Hazardous waste generated is handled in accordance with the applicable environmental laws and regulations. 

Policies and work instructions are reviewed from time to time by the management to ensure compliance with 

Departmental of Environment (“DOE”) requirements pertaining to the management of storage, treatment and 

disposal of hazardous waste generated from our manufacturing activities. Amongst others, scheduled waste is 

stored with its movement being monitored by certified Competent Person. We only engage licensed and qualified 

contractors to collect our scheduled waste that is sent to facilities approved by DOE for chemical or recovery 

treatment. Effluents are discharged strictly according to DOE requirements. 

 

Waste intensity for FY2020 reduced by 2% at 0.238kg per 1000 units of output (FY2019: 0.243kg per 1000 units of 

output) 

 

In FY2021, we plan to carry out a sludge drying project that could substantially reduce the weight of sludge by 5-

10% annually as we continue to expand our glove manufacturing operations. 

 

To help reduce the environmental impact of the supply chain and as part of our operational goal, we aim to produce 

our gloves at the optimum weight through internal manufacturing control in achieving material efficiency. For 

FY2020, we recorded an improvement in our raw nitrile usage by 3% from 8.41kg per 1,000 units of output in 

FY2019 to 8.16kg per 1,000 units of output. 




page 11 

RIVERSTONE HOLDINGS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 SOCIAL 

 

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

 

 

 

Workplace safety is always The Group’s main priority. A safe workplace reflects a more productive and injury free 

workforce thereby reducing the healthcare costs. We obtained Occupational Safety and Health Management 

System (“OHSAS”) accreditation ISO18001: 2007 which is subject to annual audit by professional independent 

consulting firm. 

 

Compliance with safety rules and procedures is overseen by a registered Competent Safety and Health officer 

who leads the Safety Committee consisting of executive staff. Regular safety talks and trainings are provided to 

workers from time to time to ensure best safety practices are communicated across the entire workplace. Safety 

signs and messages are put in the right work places. 

 

As manufacturing plants are exposed to industrial fire risk, we regularly conduct fire drills involving our effective 

Emergency Response Team (ERT) to ensure all workers know how to exit safely as quickly as possible. We 

have the right type and quantity of firefighting equipment, fire hose and extinguishers are in place complying with 

Malaysian Fire and Rescue Department. Factory firefighting system is also installed by the government approved 

contractor, who is also engaged to service the firefighting equipment on a monthly basis. 












page 12 

RIVERSTONE HOLDINGS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

In the midst of the Covid-19 pandemic, we established strict Standard Operating Procedures to protect our 

employees from infection and non-operational staff were encouraged to work from home (WFH) to prevent the 

virus spread in accordance with the WFH directive from the authorities. Adequate face masks are provided to 

all employees and hand sanitisers are placed at key locations throughout the workplace. 

 

We aim to work towards zero accidents and loss time injuries and the following are the health and safety 

highlights of FY2020 and FY2019: 

 

Indicator 

Performance 

Target 

Number of fatalities 

FY2020 &amp; FY2019: 0 

Maintain zero incidents resulting in 

fatality and permanent disability. 

Achieved 

Accident Frequency Rate (AFR) 

per every one million working hours 

FY2020: 0.8 

FY2019: 0.2 

Number incidents resulting in 

permanent disability (PD) 

FY2020 &amp; FY2019: 0 

 

Labour Relations – Respect Human &amp; Labour Rights and Fair Remuneration 

 

Globally, The Group employed over 4,300 workers and we are committed to ensuring that the rights of all workers 

are respected according to national and international laws and our commitment is evident by the award of Business 

Social Compliance Initiative (“BSCI”) for being compliant with BSCI Code of Conduct. 

 

The Group adopts code of conduct that spells out our core values in relation to employment, that we are committed to 

providing equal employment opportunity for all with a working environment that is free of discrimination and harassment 

and we do not discriminate on the basis of creed and colour, religion, gender, origin, age, disability, gender identity, 

marital status, ancestry or sexual orientation. Child labour is not to be used in any stage of manufacturing and no 

workers under the age of 16 shall be employed. Workers under the age of 18 shall not perform hazardous work. 

Employees’ privacy is protected and there will be no unauthorised access to employee records. 

 

We have a good and attractive remuneration system in place to reward and retain our employees. Wages are paid at 

the competitive rates and compliant with the Malaysia minimum wage law. Salary increment and bonus are granted 

annually in line with The Group’s financial performance and monetary incentives are given periodically to encourage 

productivity increase. 

 

The Group is well equipped with facilities for employees’ convenience such as an in-house clinic with full time 

paramedics, 24-hour canteens, hostel accommodation, gymnasium, first aid room, laundry, grocery shops and indoor 

sports arena. 

 

Hostel management service is outsourced to a facilities management specialist to ensure the hostel facilities are well 

maintained at all times so that good living conditions and well-being of the workers are taken care of. 

 

Our labour policy, which is published on The Group’s website is in place reflecting our pledge to uphold the human 

rights of workers. 




 

 



page 13 

RIVERSTONE HOLDINGS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 














 

 



page 14 

RIVERSTONE HOLDINGS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Labour Relations – Training &amp; Education 

 

We ensure that our employees have the skills they need to do their jobs and as they build their career with us. We value 

our employees as the human capital asset and the backbone of our operations and hence, we continue to develop our 

human capital by having them sent for professional training to equip them with skills relevant to their job requirement. 

Our training policy requires that all heads of department review and prepare Training Needs Identification (TNI) for their 

staff at the start of each year. 

 

Orientation briefings for new joiners and other in-house trainings are conducted on a need basis by our senior 

executives. As for the external training, due to the on-going pandemic some skilled based and team trainings 

requiring in-person attendance were forced to be deferred, resulting in lower average training hours per employee 

at 10 (FY2019: 13). 

 

 GOVERNANCE 

 

 

Anti-Bribery &amp; Anti-Corruption 

 

The Group seeks to foster an environment where honesty, integrity and ethical practices are maintained. We do not 

authorise and condone, directly or indirectly through others any unlawful or unethical behaviour, which serves the 

interests of all stakeholders. 

 

We have zero tolerance for any form of financial misconduct including bribery and corruption and we have put in place 

a Code of Conduct including anti-corruption and no-gift policy which entail the prohibition of accepting and offering 

of bribes, kickbacks, customary facilitation payments and gifts. Employees must also avoid situations giving rise to 

personal interests that are in conflict with The Group’s interests. Declaration forms to pledge for anti-bribery and anti- 

corruption practices are signed by all employees and vendors as a formal assurance that all dealings are conducted 

in an even-handed manner. 

 

There were no incidents of bribery and corruption reported during the sustainability reporting period of FY2019 and 

FY2020. 

 

Whistle Blowing Policy 

 

Whistle blowing policy and arrangement is also implemented allowing stakeholders to raise legitimate concerns in 

relation to criminal activities, breach of legal obligation, miscarriage of justice, activities posing risk of danger to health 

and safety. The communication channel guide is included in the policy for whistle blowers whose identity will be 

protected if they elect to remain anonymous. Genuine and legitimate complaint will be investigated, progress updates 

and outcome of the investigation will be made known to the complainant. Both Code of Conduct and whistle blowing 

policies are available for download on The Group’s website. 




 

 



page 15 

RIVERSTONE HOLDINGS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI 102: GENERAL DISCLOSURES 

Report header /sub-header/ 

reference 

Page reference 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

 

102-1 

Name of the organization 

Cover page 

Cover page 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, 

and 

services 

About Riverstone Holdings Limited 

3-4 

102-3 

Location of headquarter 

Annual Report of FY2020 

AR back cover &amp; 

page 3 

102-4 

Location of operations 

About Riverstone Holdings Limited 

3 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

About Riverstone Holdings Limited 

3 

102-6 

Markets served 

About Riverstone Holdings Limited 

3 

102-7 

Scale of the organization 

About Riverstone Holdings Limited 

3 

102-8 

Information on employees and other 

works 

About Riverstone Holdings Limited 

4 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Sustainability Statement 

5 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organization 

and its supply chain 

No significant changes in FY 2020 

- 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Corporate Governance Statement of 

Annual Report FY2020 

AR Page 16 

102-12 

External Initiatives 

Riverstone Holdings Limited subscribed 

to the following external initiatives: 

- ISO 14001:2015 Environmental 

Management 

- Financial assistance rendered to 

schools 

- PPE donation to schools, frontliners 

and local community management 

entity 

- 

102-13 

Membership of association 

About Riverstone Holdings Limited 

3 

STRATEGY 

 

 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker Board Statement 

2 

GOVERNANCE 

 

 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Sustainability Statement 

5 

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

 

 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Key Stakeholders’ Engagement 

7 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

Not applicable as The Group’s 

workforce is not unionised 

- 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders Key Stakeholders’ Engagement 

7 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement Key Stakeholders’ Engagement 

7 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Key Stakeholders’ Engagement 

7 




 

 



page 16 

RIVERSTONE HOLDINGS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI 102: GENERAL DISCLOSURES 

Report header /sub-header/ 

reference 

Page reference 

REPORTING PRACTICE 

 

 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

About This Report 

AR: Group Structure 

 

AR Page 5 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries 

About This Report 

2 

102-47 

List of material topics 

Materiality Assessment 

6 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

Not applicable 

- 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable 

- 

102-50 

Reporting period 

About This Report 

2 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

Published on 30 May 2020 

- 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annual 

- 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding 

the report 

About This Report 

2 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with 

the GRI Standards 

About This Report 

2 

102-55 

GRI content index 

GRI Content Index 

15-18 

102-56 

External assurance 

About This Report 

2 

GRI 103: MANAGEMENT APPROACH 

Report header /sub-header/ 

reference 

Page reference 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

 

 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material 

topic and its boundaries 

Anti-Bribery &amp; Anti-Corruption 

14 

103-2 

The management approach 

and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management 

approach 

GRI 205: 

Anti- 

Corruption 

205-1 Operations assessed for risks 

related to corruption 

205-2 

Communication and training 

about anti-corruption policies and 

procedures 

205-3 

Confirmed incidents of 

corruption and actions taken 

Not applicable as no incidents of 

corruption reported in FY 2020 

- 

ENERGY &amp; WATER 

 

 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material 

topic and its boundaries 

Environmental Material Factors 

8 

103-2 

The management approach 

and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management 

approach 




 

 



page 17 

RIVERSTONE HOLDINGS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI 103: MANAGEMENT APPROACH 

Report header /sub-header/ 

reference 

Page reference 

GRI 302: 

Energy 

302-1 Energy consumption within the 

organization 

Energy Usage 

10 

302-2 Energy consumption outside of 

the organization 

302-3 Energy intensity 

302-4 

Reduction 

of 

energy 

consumption 

302-5 

Reductions 

in 

energy 

requirements of products and services 

WATER 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material 

topic and its boundaries 

Environmental Material Factors 

8 

103-2 

The management approach 

and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management 

approach 

GRI 303: 

Water 

303-1 Water withdrawal by source 

Water Conservation 

303-2 

Water sources significantly 

affected by withdrawal of water 

303-3 Water recycled and reused 

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE 

 

 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material 

topic and its boundaries 

Environmental Material Factors 

10 

103-2 

The management approach 

and its components 

103-3 Evaluation of the management 

approach 

GRI 306: 

Effluents and 

Waste 

306-1 Water discharge by quality and 

destination 

Effluents and Scheduled Waste 

306-2 Waste by type and disposal 

method 

306-3 Significant spills 

306-4 Transport of hazardous waste 

306-5 Water bodies affected by water 

discharges and/or runoff 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 

Non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations 

Environmental 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

 

 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 

103-1 

Explanation of the material 

topic and its boundaries 

Social Material Factors 

11-12 

103-2 

The management approach 

and its components 

 

103-3 Evaluation of the management 

approach 

 


 

 



page 18 

RIVERSTONE HOLDINGS LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

GRI CONTENT INDEX 

GRI 103: MANAGEMENT APPROACH 

Report header /sub-header/ 

reference 

Page reference 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health 

and 

Safety 

403-1 

Workers representation in 

formal 

joint 

management-worker 

health and safety committees 

Occupational Health and Safety 

11-12 

403-2 Types of injury and rates of 

injury, occupational diseases, lost 

days, and absenteeism, and number 

of work-related fatalities 

403-3 

Workers with high incidence 

or high risk of diseases related to their 

occupation 

403-4 Health and safety topics 

GRI 404: 

Training and 

Education 

404-1: Average hours of training per 

year per employee 

Labor Relations: Training and education 

14 




 

 











 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

North 

America 

Europe 

 

 

Asia 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Oceania 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Company Registration No. 200510666D 

 

 

MALAYSIA 

Lot 55, No. 13, Jalan Jasmin 2, Kawasan Perindustrian Bukit Beruntung, 48300 Bukit Beruntung, Selangor, Malaysia. 

Tel +603 6028 3033 

Fax +603 6028 3022 

 

 

THAILAND 

208, Moo 7, Tambol Thatoom, Amphur Srimahaphot Prachinburi, Thailand 25140 

Tel +663 741 4097 

Fax +663 741 4088 

 

 

CHINA 

No.35-311 Factory Building, Life Sci-Tech Park, No.35, Changjiang South Road, Airport Industrial Park, 

Wuxi, Jiangsu China 214029                                                                                                                     

Tel +86 510 8531 1811 / 1812 

Fax +86 510 8531 1815 

