
 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



2020 



SUSTAINABILITY REPORT              



 



Grow Today, Build Tomorrow 



 






 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 

List of Content 

 

  

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

  

 

Introduction 

 

 

 

 

 

 

        1 

CEO Statement 

 

 

 

 

 

 

        2 

About this Report 

 

 

 

 

 

 

        3 



Company Overview 

 

 

 

 

 

        4 

Map of Operations 

 

 

 

 

 

 

        5 

2020 Highlights 

 

 

 

 

 

 

        6 

About Us 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

        7 

Our Company  

 

 

 

 

 

 

        8 

Ethical Business Conduct 

 

 

 

 

 

        9 



Sustainability Approach &amp; Governance 

 

 

 

 11 

Sustainability Strategy 

 

 

 

 

 

       12 

Vision 2030 &amp; Targets  

 

 

 

 

 

       13 

Stakeholder Engagement 

 

 

 

 

 

       15 

Materiality Assessment 

 

 

 

 

 

       16 

Governance 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

       17 



People 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

       18 

Employee Infographic 2020  

 

 

 

 

       19 

Our People 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

       20 

Empowering People  

 

 

 

 

 

       21 

Occupational Health and Safety 

 

 

 

 

       25 

Community Engagement 

 

 

 

 

 

       27 



Operations 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

       30 

Production Volume 

 

 

 

 

 

 

       31 

Factory and Product Certification 

 

 

 

 

       32 

Environmental Performance  

 

 

 

 

       34 

Research and Development  

 

 

 

 

       37 

 



Sustainable Sourcing 

 

 

 

 

 

       40 

Sustainable Value Chain 

 

 

 

 

 

       41 

Sourcing 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

       42 

FSC Certification 

 

 

 

 

 

 

       44 

Forest Management  

 

 

 

 

 

       45 

 



GRI Index 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

       46 

GRI Index 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

       47 




 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 

 

 










 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

2 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 

CEO Statement 

 

We continue to grow positively driven by 

various transformation effort in several 

aspects of our business operations, and also 

continue to improve capabilities on an 

ongoing basis. For us, sustainability is a 

journey in which every step is important. We 

get learnings from our past and leverage on 

the insights to refocus and improve our action. 

It is a continuing process and one which we 

must keep accelerating. We also continue to 

strengthen our corporate branding, improve 

efficiency, reduce operational costs as well as 

enhance business performance. On the 

business front, we aim to continue being one 

of the leading industry players through our 

innovative and sustainable solutions. 

 

We are committed to adopt an integrated 

approach in achieving business development 

and responsible environmental management. 

Our commitment to sustainable development 

is reflected in our Corporate Values and Code 

of Ethics. In the process of converting raw 

materials into finished products, we adopt a 

fundamental 

principle: 

“Satisfying 

the 

present needs without compromising on the 

future”. As a trusted timber-processing 

company, we are committed to our mission 

and corporate values to ensure long-term 

sustainability of business, community, and 

environment. 

 

 

With the fast-paced and ever-changing 

business environment, we continue to the 

next stage of our brand transformation and 

rebranded 

our 

products 

under 

the 

“Sampoerna Kayoe” brand. At Sampoerna 

Kayoe, we believe in possibilities and the 

need to break the limitations that surrounds 

them. Our key brand identity is clearly 

defined by our tagline, “Unlimit Possibilities”, 

as we strive to unlimit possibilities for our 

wood solutions in our journey to grow and 

expand 

internationally. 

Nurtured 

with 

Sampoerna’s value 

and philosophy, we 

embrace “Anggarda Paramita”, which means 

“Towards Excellence”, as a way of life and 

live the “Three Hands” philosophy of working 

alongside our business partners, employees, 

and the community, as we strive towards a 

more sustainable business model.  

 

The Board of Director guides and oversees the 

identification, management and monitoring of 

relevant sustainability topics that we disclose 

in this report. We recognize the importance of 

adopting sustainable practices and how it can 

enhance 

our 

business 

operations 

and 

performance. We believe that sustainability is 

the only way for us to be successful in the 

future, 

and 

therefore, 

an 

end-to-end 

approach along the value chains required, 

whether through our brands, our processes 

and our people. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





Our Vision 





Our Mission 





GRI: 102-14, 102-16 


 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

3 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 

About this Report 

 

Sampoerna Kayoe’s 2020 Sustainability Report “Grow Today, Build Tomorrow” reflects the 

company’s commitment to monitoring and reporting its sustainability programs. Our most 

recent report, the 2019 Sustainability Report, was published in May 2020. Previous 

Sustainability Reports are archived at https://www.sampoernakayoe.co.id/sustainability-

reports/  

Scope 

The 2020 Sustainability Report covers the sustainability performance of Sampoerna Kayoe’s 

6 main processing plants (units). The content and quality of this report is guided by the 

latest Global Reporting Initiative Standards (GRI Standards). We apply the guidelines and 

associated indicators to ensure we report against our relevant economic, social and 

environmental impacts. 

We welcome your views on this report as an important input to help us improve our 

sustainability practices and reporting. 

The following operational facilities are within the scope of this report: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

GRI: 102-5, 102-46, 102-47, 102-50, 102-51, 102-52, 102-53, 102-54, 401-1 







Jombang factory 


 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

2 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 










 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

3 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



Map of Operations 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 















GRI: Location of operations, 102-4 




 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

2 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 







 

 

 

 

2020 Highlights 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

29.5% 

33  

12.876 

1.500 

FSC-CoC 

FSC-SLIMF 

 

Green Building  

650.000 m3  

Solid Waste 

52%  

85.000 ha 

90% 

1.000.000 



















Markets Served 

Employees 

Suppliers 

Jombang Factory 

Smallholder Farmers in East Java 

PT. Anugrah Karunia Alam 

Production Volume  

Recovery Rate  

Hutan Tanaman Rakyat (HTR) &amp; 

Hutan Tanaman Industri (HTI)  

Forest Concession in North 

Maluku and Bangka Belitung 

Seeds Distribution 

Business  

Certifications  

Environmental  

Sourcing  


 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

7 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



About Us 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Listed on the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange on 25 February 2008, Samko Timber 

Limited (“STL”) is a publicly listed company, in the form of a limited liability company, 

which was established under the law of the Republic of Singapore on 26 December 2005.  

STL presently has more than 10 subsidiary companies which forms a leading vertically 

integrated wood resources processor engaging in the primary and secondary processed 

timber businesses. The subsidiary Companies are established and located in various 

countries including Singapore, Indonesia, Malaysia, and United States through either direct 

or indirect shareholding ownership which all together form the Samko group and also known 

as Sampoerna Kayoe Group of companies (“SAMKO”). SAMKO is domiciled in Singapore. Our 

head-office is located at Sampoerna Strategic Square, Jakarta, Indonesia.  

 

We are cognizant of the vital role that our employees and workers play in our success and 

sustainability, and we strive to be a fair and responsible employer to them. In 2020, SAMKO 

has 12,876 employees, a decrease of 19.5% compared to 16,003 employees in 2019. The 

reduction involving the closing down of our veneer plant in Madiun, reduction of capacity at 

some plants and current on-going modernization &amp; optimization project occurring in several 

plants. Our plants are located mainly in Java, with several others situated in Sumatra and 

Sulawesi. 

 

 

 



GRI: 102-1, 102-3, 102-7, 401-1 


 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

8 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 





Our Company 

 

 

  Sampoerna Kayoe 

                                       A Leading Engineered 

                                       Wood Solution Provider 

                                       in the World 

 

 

 

Annual 2020  

Production Capacity 

650,000 m3 

 

 

 

 

 

6 main processing 

plants in Java, 

Sumatera, Sulawesi 

 

 

11 satellite veneer 

plants and 1 

chemical glue 

producer in Java 

and Sumatera 

 

With unrelenting focus on excellence at every stage of its supply chain, Samperna Kayoe has 

garnered international environmental accreditations as a testament of its long term 

commitment to quality and sustainability. The Research and Development department is 

tasked with ongoing process improvement, wood maximisation and product innovation, 

setting the stage for value creation and growth. 

 

With close to 40 years of experience and industry knowledge condensed into its primary and 

secondary processed timber products, Sampoerna Kayoe’s products are found in residential, 

commercial and industrial applications in the form of plywood, wood-decking, wood-doors, 

wood-flooring, piano and truck parts. Sampoerna Kayoe’s products enjoy a dominant market 

share in Indonesia, and are distributed in 33 countries across the world, including the Asia 

Pacific region, Europe, the Middle East, the South East Asia, Australia and the United States 

of America. 

 

 

 

 

GRI: 102-2, 102-6, 102-10 










 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

9 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



Ethical Business Conduct 

 

SAMKO 

continuously 

improves 

the 

implementation of the highest possible 

standards lawful business conduct practices 

from year to year in order to generate 

significant and profitable impacts for all 

shareholders 

and 

stakeholders. 

Our 

management and employees must fully 

understand and apply this standard when 

building work relationship with other 

employees, 

customers, 

suppliers, 

shareholders, the government and the 

general 

public. 

It 

also 

governs 

the 

improvement mechanism for sanctions of 

misconduct and violations. 

 

We are consistently maintaining zero 

litigation regarding corruption against the 

company in our operations during 2020. 

violations (non-compliance) of prevailing 

laws and regulations that raises any legal or 

litigation cases against the Company and/or 

any revocation cases of it licenses occurred 

in 2020. 

 

Pursuant 

to 

the 

Company’s 

standard 

operating procedure (SOP), any legal cases, 

lawsuit, and/or court cases (litigation 

cases) which involves the Company and/or 

its officers and/or employees, must be 

notified 

to 

and 

consulted 

with 

the 

Company’s legal division. 

 

Throughout 2020, according to the file and 

record of the Company’s legal division, 

there is no pending, outstanding, and/or 

ongoing legal cases or litigation involving 

the Company and/or its officers and/or 

employees, which relates to any violation 

(non-compliance) of prevailing laws and 

regulations by the Company, that raises any 

legal cases or litigation cases against the 

Company and/or any revocation cases of it 

licenses. 

 

SAMKO conducted cross-section and cross-

company 

communication 

processes 

to 

maintain 

the 

effectiveness 

of 

work 

relationships by utilizing various digital and 

physical media such as email, e-news, flyer-

blasts, and bulletin boards.  

 

By conducting intensive socialization and 

communication processes, SAMKO and its 

employees have a good mutual relationship 

and work together for the same objectives. 

Each employee is encouraged to behave and 

act in accordance with corporate values and 

culture, to ensure that SAMKO’s reputation 

is always reflected through the quality of its 

people. 

 

In particular, SAMKO has a commitment to 

open communication and good corporate 

governance, by implementing a whistle-

blowing policy since 2008. This policy aims 

to provide an avenue for employees to raise 

concerns about possible improprieties and 

obstructive action within the Company and 

SAMKO Group, when they become aware 

and to ensure: 

➢ Independent investigations are carried 

out in an appropriate and timely manner. 

➢ Appropriate action is taken to correct the 

weaknesses in internal controls and 

policies which allowed the perpetration 

of fraud and/or misconduct and to 

prevent a recurrence. 

➢ Administrative, disciplinary, civil and/or 

criminal 

actions 

that 

are 

initiated 

following 

the 

completion 

of 

investigations are appropriate balanced 

and fair, while providing reassurance 

that the employees will be protected 

from 

reprisals 

or 

victimization 

for 

whistle-blowing in good faith and without 

malice. 

 

This policy is intended to cover serious 

concerns that could have an adverse impact 

on the company, such as actions that may 

lead to incorrect financial reporting, are 

unlawful, are not in line with a legal 

obligation or a policy of our company, 

deliberately conceal serious wrongdoings or 

malpractices, may pose serious breach of 

fundamental internal controls, otherwise 

amount to serious improper conduct, or 

deliberately conceal information tending to 

show any of the above. 

 

 

GRI: Operations assessed for risk related to corruption, 205-1 


 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

10 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



All complaints shall be reported to the Audit 

Committee either in person or in writing by 

e-mail or in a sealed envelope, marked 

“Private and Strictly Confidential”. Every 

effort will be made to protect the 

complainant’s identity. We do not tolerate 

nor condone obstructive action against any 

employee who wishes or intends to, or who 

is in the process of filing a complaint, 

and/or retaliatory action any employee who 

has filed a complaint alleging possible 

improprieties. 

 

The procedure to raise concerns about 

possible improprieties was updated and 

implemented in 2017. As part of our effort 

in 

implementing 

Good 

Corporate 

Governance (GCG), the Board of Directors 

(BOD) from all companies within the Samko 

Timber 

Group 

have 

composed 

the 

procedures for reporting irregularities and 

violations of ethical business conduct and/ 

or applied laws and regulations, Articles of 

Association, 

contract/agreement 

made 

under Company's name and other acts that 

could be detrimental to the company. The 

reporting procedure have been regulated 

under 

Company's 

Standard 

Operating 

Procedure (SOP) titled "Law and Business 

Ethics 

Violation 

Reporting 

Procedure", 

managed by the Violation Reporting Team 

(Tim Khusus Pelaporan Pelanggaran) that 

was formally elected and formed under 

Samko Timber Group. 

 

 





Business is 



conducted 



lawfully



 



and with 



integrity



 



Our 



Principle



 


 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

9 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 












 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

12 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



Sustainability Strategy 

 

At Sampoerna Kayoe, we are governed by a 

fundamental 

principle: 

"Satisfying 

the 

present needs without compromising the 

future'. We are committed to being a 

sustainable 

business; 

adopting 

an 

integrated approach in achieving business 

development 

and 

responsible 

environmental management.   

We keep this commitment by investing in 

our 

people, 

empowering 

the 

local 

communities in which we operate in, 

sourcing from sustainable suppliers, and 

implementing 

continuous 

improvement 

programs.  

We contribute to Indonesia's growth and 

continue to be a vehicle for economic 

growth in the regions we operate in.          

Our vision is to be a company that inspires a 

sustainable future for all. 

In 2015, the United Nations (UN) launched 

their 

2030 

Agenda 

for 

Sustainable 

Development, which provides a blueprint to 

achieve peace and prosperity for people and 

the planet. At its core are 17 Sustainable 

Development Goals (SDGs) to achieve their 

targets by 2030. 

The SDGs serve as a guideline to align our 

commitments and strategy to the global 

agenda. Sampoerna Kayoe is committed to 

supporting the UNSDGs. We have utilised 

the UNSDGs in developing our Sustainability 

Vision and map how we can directly 

contribute to supporting the UN’s Agenda 

for Sustainable Development.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






































 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

13 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



Vision 2030 &amp; Targets 

 

This year, Sampoerna Kayoe launched Sustainability Vision 2030 – laying out various 

environmental and social targets to achieve by 2030. 2021 will see ramping up of data 

collection and laying foundations on which we will begin to build and further our 

sustainability efforts. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





GRI: Precautionary Principle or approach, 102-11 








 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

14 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



Sustainability Targets 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





* Undertaking HCV baseline assessment in North Maluku 






 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

15 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



Stakeholder Engagement 

 

We believe effective engagement with our stakeholders allows us to understand their 

concerns and how we can best respond to them. We are committed to pursuing sustainability 

because we believe that a sustainable business is a better business: for ourselves and our 

stakeholders, for the country and for the environment. 

 

 

 

GRI: 102-12, 102-13, 102-40, 102-42, 102-43, 102-44 




 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

16 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



Materiality Assessment 

 

At Sampoerna Kayoe, we understand that sustainability is a journey. As will be clear in the 

following sections, we are currently still in the early phase of embracing sustainability as an 

integral part of our business operations and corporate functions. Thus far, we have 

identified material sustainability topics that may affect, and be affected by, our business 

operations. We believe the importance of material topics to focus on specific areas to grow 

our business and align future sustainability efforts. 

We have conducted a materiality assessment as follows: identifying a list of potential 

material topics by reviewing material topics reported by other similar industry players, to 

consider the sustainability context of the plywood industry and interviewing Senior 

Management to understand their business environment, future plans and any concerns. We 

then refined and prioritized the materiality of each topic and the result was presented to 

Management for discussion and approval. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

GRI: 102-46, 102-47 




 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

17 



UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 

Governance 

 

 

This 

report 

presents 

the 

SAMKO’s 

sustainability performance for the period 1 

January 2020 to 31 December 2020. This 

report covers material issues for SAMKO’s 

facilities 

as 

shown 

earlier, 

unless 

specifically mentioned otherwise in other 

sections. This report excludes our trading 

offices in Indonesia, Singapore, Malaysia, 

and the United States. 

Data presented in the Report have been 

either sourced centrally from our enterprise 

resource planning system or directly from 

the facilities. We have not sought external 

assurance for this inaugural report and this 

report does not contain revisions of previous 

sustainability 

reports. 

The 

report 

is 

organized and presented following the 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards 

‘Core Option’. We welcome your views on 

this report as an important input to help us 

improve our sustainability practices and 

reporting. 

For any comments or response regarding the 

content of this report, please direct your 

feedback to: 

SAMKO TIMBER LIMITED 7500A Beach Road, 

#08-305/307 The Plaza Singapore 199591 

Tel: (65) 6298 2189 | Fax: (65) 6298 2187 

www.sampoernakayoe.co.id 

GRI: Governance structure, 102-18 




 

 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



 
































 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

19 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 





 

Employee Infographic 2020 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 







GRI: Information on employees and other workers, 102-8 


 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

20 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



Our People

 

As with the plywood industry in general, 

gender diversity remains a great challenge 

for Sampoerna Kayoe. The forestry and 

plywood industries are a traditionally 

widely male dominated sector.  

Across the company, gender diversity 

increased slightly. Our composition of 

female employees increased by 3%; from 

12% in 2019 to 15% in 2020.  

We remain committed to improving gender 

diversity across our organization and will 

continue reporting on our progress in our 

annual Sustainability Report.  

Sampoerna Kayoe is an equal opportunity 

employer. Employees are compensated in a 

fair and equal manner, according to 

individual merit and competency. All 

policies, guidelines and company rules are 

universally applicable to all position levels 

to facilitate building a corporation based on 

integrity, transparency, and professional 

behavior.  

We ensure that wages are paid pursuant to 

the government regulations. In Indonesia, 

minimum wages are decided by the 

respective provincial governments whom  

 

then stipulate requirements of minimum 

wages by province and industry sector. We 

uphold human rights and the principle of 

equality in determining remunerations for 

employees. According to applicable laws 

and regulations, the work hours in Indonesia 

are 40 per week or seven hours per day for 

six workdays in a week and eight hours per 

day for five workdays in a week. The 

company does not employ individuals below 

the age of 18, in line with International 

Labor Organization (ILO) and Indonesian 

national laws. 

The Freedom of Association and Collective 

Labor Agreement is guaranteed by the 

Company and any employee is free to join 

as a member of the labor union. This 

Collective 

Labor 

Agreement 

regulates 

relations between employees and the 

Company. Overall, 41% of our workers are 

registered members of local labor unions 

across our assembly plants. Any significant 

changes in the Company’s organizational 

and 

operational 

structure 

are 

communicated to all employees by various 

means; namely: emails, letters, memo and 

placed on bulletin boards.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

41% 

Local labor union participation          

company wide 



GRI: 102-41, 408-1, 409-1 


 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

21 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



Empowering People

 

Our workplace is the engine that keeps us 

running. We take pride in being the leading 

wood-engineering company who empowers 

our employees and provide them with a 

space to build their careers and be future 

leaders. Our employees are our most 

valuable assets, so we invest in training and 

development programs aimed at providing 

employees with important skills to achieve 

their career goals, and in turn, help us 

achieve our goals as a company.  

We 

recognize 

that 

character 

and 

competency are factors that drive business 

growth.  

 

This year in particular, we focused on soft 

skills and managerial skills for leaders in the 

organization as an initiative to strengthen 

our leaders’ capabilities, to both produce 

optimal results and enhance effective 

teamwork across all divisions.  

Training 

and 

educational 

programs 

conducted 

throughout 

2020 

included 

managerial skills, technical skills, and 

functional skills. Training on technical skills 

according to ISO regulations and mandatory 

professional licenses are held according to 

site-specific needs. In 2020, we conducted 

training 

sessions 

for 

46% 

of 

total 

employees.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

GRI: Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs, 404-2 





6 Leadership Qualities 




 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

22 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



 

As with most businesses, our Company was 

impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, 

which affected both our operations and 

finances. As a response to the pandemic, 

our Company developed online training 

classes to substitute physical ones. An 

average of 678 training hours were 

deployed in 2020.  

We 

also 

held 

an 

Online 

Workshop 

collaborated 

with 

the 

Indonesia 

Construction Architecture Network called 

“Best Practice in Architectural Design &amp; 

Application using sustainable engineered 

wood” which was held in 3 periods on 16, 23 

&amp; 30 June 2020.  

 

 

 

We 

regularly 

conduct 

employee 

performance assessments. Each employee 

has goals and performance indicators that 

are reviewed periodically.  

The aim is to evaluate our employees’ 

performance, give feedback for self-

development to set future goals, and to 

identify relevant training in order to 

improve employee performance. 

Our management system covers several 

aspects 

such 

as 

excellent 

system 

recruitment; management of employee 

composition in accordance with business 

needs; HR programs such as awards, 

remuneration and sanctions; along with 

training and competency development on a 

regular basis.

 

 

 

 





Outbond team bonding 





Clean factories  



Sampoerna Kayoe and 

Indonesia Construction 

Architecture Network 

Online Workshop 

“Best Practice in 

Architectural Design &amp; 

Application using 

sustainable engineered 

wood” 




 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

23 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



Operational Acceleration Program 2021

 

The Operational Acceleration Program 

(OAP) is a 4-year Management Trainee 

Program designed to mold our best talents 

into future Sampoerna Kayoe leaders, 

specifically in the operational side of the 

business. 

Launched in 2018, the program focuses on 

building technical knowledge and core skills 

among trainees, helping them gain business 

depth and holistic skills. Candidates are 

placed in various roles throughout the 

company, including technical roles in our 

factories, focusing on engineering and 

operations; and corporate roles focusing on 

marketing and strategy. Classroom training 

activities and periodic evaluations are used 

to measure and monitor the development of 

trainees at each level of the program. 

2020 has been challenging in many ways and 

our trainees were required to quickly adapt  

 

 

to these changes. As a company with 

business activities throughout Indonesia, 

physical meetings are integral to our 

operations. Out trainees had to transition 

from activities that were previously done 

offline and come up with how it can be done 

online.  

To ensure we retain the talent that are best 

suited to our company, rigorous evaluation 

standards are implemented. From total 

intake 61 Trainees at the beginning at the 

program, only 38 were able to pass year 

2020 

assessment. 

Ensuring 

that 

all 

management trainees are best fit for the 

required job roles.  

The Company will launch a new batch of 

OAP Trainees, Batch V, in 2021. This batch 

will focus on the Company’s expansion into 

the Plantation &amp; Production sectors in North 

Maluku.







Training Timeline 2021 


 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

24 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



 

TESTIMONY 

 

I joined the Operational Acceleration Program (OAP) in June 2019, and it has transformed 

the way I think, analyze, and approach problems.  

As a large business, I believe Sampoerna Kayoe can help me grow and add to my experience, 

soft skills, and hard skills. The opportunities are endless here due to the immense scope of 

work - six main plants and ten affiliate plants; just imagine the breadth of learning 

opportunities - operations, strategy, and all while ensuring profits! Working with peers who 

have a wealth of experience and different perspectives has definitely challenged my way of 

thinking.   

I had my doubts when I first joined the program, particularly due to the 4-year duration of 

the OAP, compared to the usual two years offered by other companies. However, my worries 

turned to excitement when I joined the Strategic Department and got involved in big 

projects, namely automation and emission reduction projects. When talking about a 

program that allows its trainees to eventually understand the product itself from end-to-

end, across the value chain, a year or two like most other programs would not be sufficient. 

I didn’t expect the impact I’d be able to make within the company, but I’ve been given 

ownership and the ability to perform and excel beyond what I thought I was capable of.  

Adjusting to the global pandemic has been a steep learning curve. With projects across 

Indonesia, on-site visits were the norm. Restrictions in place required us to conduct almost 

all activities virtually and it definitely highlighted areas where in-person interaction was 

crucial and identified unnecessary practices. The past year has allowed me to devise new 

ways to adapt to the new working conditions and produced opportunities to streamline 

certain processes for future operations and. Despite the nation-wide lockdown, HR has done 

a great job in quickly shifting towards a virtual platform and ensuring we all receive 

necessary training. 

But don’t get me wrong, there are always two sides to a coin – the good and the bad. Perhaps 

one of the only cons amongst a whole list of pros is the workload. While I am given tasks 

and training from my ‘parents’ in the company (the Human Resources Department), I have 

to also juggle my day job within the Strategic Division. Nevertheless, it has taught me 

invaluable time management skills and has truly accelerated my learning process.  

 

Ultimately, the OAP has been a great learning experience and I can’t wait to see where else 

it would take me. 

 

I.B. Deva Ardha Nareswara Santosa 

OAP - Senior Strategic Analyst 

 

 




 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

25 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



Occupational Health and Safety 

 

In regards to occupational health and 

safety, 

the 

company 

reinforces 

the 

importance of compliance with standard 

working procedures for all employees in the 

organization. We comply with national 

manpower laws and government regulations 

and 

provide 

health 

insurance, 

BPJS 

Kesehatan (Government Health Security), 

BPJS 

Ketenagakerjaan 

(Government 

National Social Security), the pension fund 

for permanent employees, maternity leave 

and childbirth benefits. 

We implement a policy on Environment, 

Safety and Health at work through the 

implementation 

of 

Kesehatan 

dan 

Keselamatan Kerja (K3) programs as a 

concrete way to improve the safety of 

employees, 

prevent 

accidents 

in 

the 

workplace and work-related diseases for 

employees and parties involved in the work 

process in the company. This commitment 

is also presented in the Collective Labor 

Agreement by mentioning Safety and Health 

at Work. We comply with laws and 

government regulations on manpower by 

paying competitive wages to employees.  

Occupational Health and Safety (OHS) 

procedures are implemented in each of our 

plants. The appropriate implementation of 

the OHS practices, in turn, ensures the best 

possible performance of the company’s 

employees. To ensure worker safety in each 

unit and create a safe work environment, 

the company provides Personal Protective 

Equipment (PPE) that complies with OHS 

standards. PPE includes masks, gloves, and 

protective glasses. Regular checks are done 

to ensure the adequacy of PPE at each 

subsidiary, requiring all employees who 

work in high-risk areas to wear PPE. SAMKO 

respects the employees’ right to refuse to 

perform particular work that does not come 

under OHS standards or no required PPE. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



PPE implementation 







K3 socialization every early month 

GRI: 401-2, 401-3, 403-1, 403-5, 403-8, 403-9 




 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

26 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



We provide our employees with basic 

benefits such as Health Insurance, BPJS 

Kesehatan (Government Health Security), 

BPJS 

Ketenagakerjaan 

(Government 

National Social Security), the pension fund 

for permanent employees, maternity leave 

and childbirth benefit. To increase the 

obedience of K3, we held a routine 

training/seminar internally and externally 

to all our workers in all factories and apply 

promotion strategy to educate on the 

importance of K3. In 2020, we initiative to 

maintain and develop K3 management in all 

of our factories to prevent the worker from 

accident and disease from the job, so the 

worker when they work is in good health 

condition to achieve zero accident. 

To aid the government’s efforts to alleviate 

the COVID-19 pandemic, Sampoerna Kayoe 

distributed masks and financed disinfection 

sprays 

to 

surrounding 

communities. 

Sampoerna Kayoe also donated PPE and 

plywood products to the regional hospital.

 

 

 

 

 



PPE donation to regional public hospital 





K3 training in the factory 





Quarantine ward from plywood 




 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

27 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



Community Engagement 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The welfare of the communities around the areas of the Company’s operations and 

environmental sustainability forms a part of the Company’s product development and 

business growth strategy. We recognize that growth and sustainability can only be achieved 

by working alongside the local communities in which we operate in.  

Sampoerna Kayoe’s community engagement programs are in alignment with our recently 

launched Sustainability Vision 2030 roadmap. Our community engagement strategy was 

inspired by the recognition that little differences can create a global effect – Act Globally, 

Think Locally. We understand the unique opportunity we have to foster sustainable 

independence of the local communities around us by improving living standards and 

technical skillsets. Our community engagement program was created with the UNSDGs in 

mind and rests on 2 pillars:  

➢ Economic Empowerment: Replanting program, training for farmers 

➢ Social Welfare: Vocational training, scholarships, outsource labor to communities.

 

 

 

 

 





Our Sustainable Engineered Wood seminar with Universitas Sebelas Maret (UNS) in Solo 

GRI: 413-1, 413-2 


 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

28 



UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 

Economic Empowerment  

Replanting Program 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Since 2001, Sampoerna Kayoe has supported the replantation of more than seventy million 

trees all over Indonesia to foster a green culture. Replanting is an important part of our 

sustainable log sourcing process and encouraging community farmers to plant falcata timber 

has also put us in synergy with the Indonesian government’s program to boost the economic 

potential of the nation’s community forest. Beyond encouraging replanting and forest 

regeneration, our factories also distribute fertilizer and provide training to smallholder 

farms, enhancing their business capabilities and business opportunities. The recipients of 

our replanting program are targeted, with a rolling roster of smallholder farmers, log 

suppliers, and local communities. This year, Sampoerna Kayoe distributed over 1 million 

seeds in Central and East Java. 

FSC Smallholder Program 

The FSC smallholder program works to equip the farmers with sustainable farming and best 

practices, as well as ways to diversify their non-timber forest products – such as coffee and 

red ginger and cardamom. Sampoerna Kayoe offers a premium price for the FSC-certified 

raw materials, thus allowing farmers to gain additional income. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





Our FSC-Certified smallholder 

farmers receive certified 

seedlings to be replanted 

Central Java 

My name is Jayadi and I live in Jenisgelaran, Jombang, East Java. I 

am primarily a sengon farmer, but I also plant banana trees. I have 

been a sengon farmer since the early 2000s and manage my farm in 

a traditional and manual way. My harvest hasn’t always been 

optimal, and I recently faced challenges in trying to sell my harvest. 

I often had to go through a tengkolak (third-party), which further 

decreased my income. Since our smallholder group decided to 

partner with Sampoerna Kayoe, I have experienced many benefits. I 

received great quality seeds for replanting, obtained knowledge on 

how to best cultivate sengon trees, and was trained on how to 

manage and maximise the use of my farm. I'd like to thank 

Sampoerna Kayoe for forging a partnership with us to implement 

FSC's responsible forest management program. I hope we will 

continue to work together in the future to take care of our forests 

in a sustainable manner, for us and for future generations to enjoy. 

 

Jayadi 

Member of KPHR Sumber Sejahtera (KPHRSS) – Jombang, East Java 








 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

29 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



Social Welfare  

Our business model comprises of numerous local operations that are widely dispersed around 

Indonesia. This model aims, among others, to facilitate collaboration with local communities 

and governments. Each factory is considered a local business and an integral part of the 

local economy.  

We prioritize locals during staff recruitment to work at our factories. Through the RBK 

Program, we outsource some manufacturing processes to home businesses and part-time 

workers that do not qualify for full-time, formal employment. We provide these individuals 

with the necessary vocational training as well as insurance coverage.  

The Group is also involved in the following activities: 

➢ 

Providing scholarships to best performing students 

➢ 

Offering subsidized school fees to surrounding communities 

➢ 

Contributing to the construction of public facilities, including mosques, 

churches, health clinics, and roads in the vicinity of our factories 

➢ 

Partnership with local communities to reuse and recycle wood wastes 

➢ 

Distributing staple food items to underserved communities 

➢ 

Supporting various social activities conducted surrounding our factories 

➢ 

Donating medical equipment to local hospitals to combat the COVID-19 

outbreak 

Communities and environments surrounding each operation will have distinct social and 

economic opportunities that we will be able to contribute to. Our Environmental and 

Sustainability Development Division are currently working with relevant stakeholders to 

develop localized social partnership programs within each operation areas. Further progress 

will be reported in our annual Sustainability Report. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





Medical equipment donation to the 

Falabisahaya Health Center in North Maluku 





Distributing staple food items to the local 

community in Jambi 


 

 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


















 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

31 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



Production Volume 

 

The total production capacity in 2020 was 650,000m3. The capacity has decreased 27.78% 

compared to 2019 due to the Covid-19 pandemic, which required us to reduce our production 

activities in all our factories. Our operations in North Maluku is still in its early phases, and 

hence not included in this section of the report. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

32 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



Factory and Product Certification 

 

To ensure our customers that we produce a high-quality product from sustainable sources, 

we provide our factories and products with third-party certified labels and certifications.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The integrity of our product chain of custody is assured using third-party certification. The 

process ultimately assures us that the materials used in our products are traceable back to 

a well-managed source. We understand the need of our stakeholders to ensure the legality 

of our products along the value chain. The integrity of our products are assured using third-

party certification, ensuring materials used in our products are traceable back to a well-

managed source. Our Certification can help customers who seek to meet certain responsible 

sourcing obligations and targets. We maintain zero breaches regarding legality certification 

requirements. 

SVLK (Timber Legality Verification System) is an 

Indonesian scheme held by all of our facilities. In response 

to Forest Law Enforcement, Governance and Trade 

(FLEGT) licensing requirements, a new coding system has 

been developed to meet the requirements for imported 

plywood-based products into the European Union (EU) 

countries. We are proud to  

mention that all of our 

facilities comply with this scheme. SVLK is recognized in 

EU countries, and the Indonesian government is 

campaigning for its broader recognition in other markets.



GRI: Requirements for product and service information and labeling, 417-1 




 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

33 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



The Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) is a sustainable forest 

management certification that promotes the responsible management 

of forests. We recently became members of the FSC’s economic 

chamber which allows us to directly contribute to the organization’s 

standards and to the future of responsible forestry. We have obtained 

the FSC Chain of Custody certification ("FSC-CoC") certification for 

our facility in Jombang in 2020 and the Small or Low Intensity Managed 

Forests (“FSC-SLIMF”) FSC-certification for our raw materials in 

Jambi.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We also have obtained certifications from Japan Agricultural Standard (JAS), CE Marking, 

United States Environmental Protection Agency (US EPA Title VI), California Air Resource 

Board (CARB Phase 2), ISO 9001 (Quality Management System), ISO 14001 

(Environment), Green Label Singapore, Green Building Council Indonesia, and many 

more. We ensure that our products and process comply with the global standards for quality 

and environment management. 

 

 

 

 

 





Our factory in Jombang certified FSC-COC in 2020 






 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

34 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



Environmental Performance 

 

 

PROPER 

 

For subsequent years, we have been 

participating 

in 

the 

Indonesian 

Government’s 

Program 

for 

Pollution 

Control, Evaluation, and Rating ("PROPER") 

for our assembly plants in Balaraja and 

Jambi, who constantly monitored by the 

Indonesian Government. We continue to 

participate in the Indonesian Government’s 

Program for Pollution Control, Evaluation, 

and Rating ("PROPER") for our assembly 

plants in Balaraja and Jambi. In 2020, we 

received the Blue rating PROPER awards, 

which 

indicates 

compliance 

with 

government 

standards 

and 

guidance 

regarding environmental management. 

 

Water Management 

 

Water is a vital aspect of our production 

line. In 2020, our total water consumption 

at all of our production facilities was 

accounted for 1,352,847 m3. There is an 

increase of 14.6% from 2019. We also reuse 

water to reduce the amount of our fresh 

water consumption. We reused a total of 

37,210 m3 of water, a 1.8% increase from 

2019. Most of that consumption is being 

reused to support our operational activities, 

such as washing log at the log pool area. We 

intend to continue measuring our water 

consumption and strengthen our data 

collection process in subsequent years to 

implement more robust systems to monitor 

our performance. 

 

Electricity 

 

In terms of our electricity use across all 

operations in 2020, we consumed a total 

of 46,994,092 kWh, a 23% reduction 

compared to 2019. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





Water Use (m3) 





Recycled Water Use (m3) 





Electricity Use (kWh) 

GRI: 301-1, 301-2, 302-1, 302-2, 302-3, 302-4, 303-5, 306-3 


 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

35 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



Waste Management 

 

We remain committed to responsible waste 

management. Waste management is one of 

the key focus areas in our environmental 

management 

efforts. 

The 

underlying 

concept is to ‘reduce, reuse, and recycle’. 

We are mindful of handling different types 

of waste carefully to prevent pollution and 

safety hazards and comply with the relevant 

prevailing 

regulations 

in 

waste 

management. We continuously enhance 

efficiency in our production process to 

increase our recovery rate to minimize 

waste. Our recovery rate of 52% in 2020 

means no changes from the previous year. 

 

In 2020, we successfully reduced 29.5% of 

our total solid waste compared to 2019. The 

most common types of waste generated 

during our production process are waste 

veneer and centre core log. We utilize most 

of that waste as feedstock for our boilers to 

power our plants and decompose the rest in 

several landfills. Waste oi produced from 

our production machinery is stored in a 

temporary shelter for hazardous waste 

before it is handled by our licensed third-

party waste processors. 

 

In 2020, we recycled a total of 430,192 m3 

of waste glue to become our supporting 

materials for our low-grade plywood. We 

are also developing our unused waste to 

become alternative energy sources for other 

industries, such as wood pellet making and 

raw materials to be used by power plants. 

Our operations also have wastewater 

mechanism systems to manage and ensure 

our waste is safe to dispose of outside the 

factory. We tightly monitor our hazardous 

waste disposal in accordance with relevant 

prevailing government regulations. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





Recovery Rate (%) 





Solid Waste (Kg) 





Recycled Glue Waste Use (m3) 


 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

36 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



 

Emission 

 

As an implementation of compliance in environmental management, we regularly managing 

and monitoring in terms of emissions with certified third-party that required by the 

government according to the regulations provided: 

 

1. Air Emission Control 

 

2. Control of hazardous (B3) waste management 

 

3. Liquid Waste Control 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





Air emission control 





B3 hazard to be destroyed 

GRI: Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 305-1 


 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

37 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



Research and Development 

 

As a prominent player in timber products' global market, SAMKO is aware of the need to stay 

competitive. Competition comes in various forms: the technological advance of timber 

manufacturing processes, development of new and higher-quality timber products and 

development of substitute products that aggressively target the current market.  

 

Research and Development ("R&amp;D") helps SAMKO protect its market share and expand to new 

markets. Through R&amp;D, SAMKO could always be prepared, both in response to today's 

challenges and anticipating future risks and opportunities. R&amp;D enables SAMKO to deliver 

higher-quality products through process improvement and new raw and supporting 

materials, securing both the economic and environmental sustainability of our business.   

Our current research focuses on five functions: 

 



 



 



 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We are the first timber processing company in Indonesia to use plantation logs for veneer 

production. We strive to capture the maximum value of wood used at our production sites, 

especially in our strategy to increase the usage of smaller diameter plantation logs. The 

percentage of wood that is successfully extracted as sheets is referred to as recovery rate. 

We aim to achieve high recovery rates to capture a higher proportion of wood to be 

converted into higher value products which in turn reduces the amount of waste produced. 

 

We pioneered the utilization of rubber plantation waste. At the end of its thirty-year 

lifespan, rubber trees have been traditionally regarded as waste. With our technology, we 

are able to transform this waste into high quality wood products. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





Research and Development 5 Functions 




 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

38 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

In 2020, we accomplished most of the R&amp;D projects which previously achieved 90% during 

2019. One of our innovation breakthroughs in 2020 that able to improve the economic value 

is treating veneer surfaces by formulating putty application and coloring to increase the 

usage of downgrade falcata veneers in high-quality plywood variants. Our innovation may 

become an alternative usage of downgrade veneers in the plywood industry. In this stage, 

we use these treated downgrade veneers as the core of interior decorated plywood 

(combined with birch veneer or other possible decorated veneers as its plywood face and 

back). We have completed the research and small-scale production trial and will continue 

it in 2021 to the next production scale.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

39 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



 

Collaboration with LIPI 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The Indonesian Institute of Sciences or LIPI collaborates with Sampoerna Kayoe in the 

Research and Development of Process Technology and Laminated Veneer Lumber (LVL) &amp; 

Plywood Products. In September 2020, Research and Development staff from Sampoerna 

Kayoe conducted a two-week internship at the LIPI Biomaterial Research Center to study 

and support the construction and installation of the Wooden LVL Curve Bicycle frame. The 

goal of this cooperation is to utilize plantation waste to create new high-quality wood 

products. 

In November 2020, Sampoerna Kayoe participated in the Lignocellulose Seminar held by LIPI 

"Challenges and Opportunities for Industrialization of Lignocellulose-Based Products" where 

the collaborative wooden mountain bike and mini velo bike frame was exhibited. Prof. Dr. 

Ir. Wahyu Dwianto, M.Agr. as the Main Expert Researcher at the LIPI Biomaterials Research 

Center, said, "PT SGS is a private partner that has supported on the development of the LVL 

invention technology since 2015-2017 by providing its rubberwood veneer as raw material." 

"Furthermore, we hope that the continuation of this cooperation that has been fostered for 

a long time," he continued. 

 

 










 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

38 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 














 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

41 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



Sustainable Value Chain 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sampoerna Kayoe is committed to adopt an integrated approach in achieving business 

development and responsible environmental management. Our commitment to sustainable 

development is reflected in our Corporate Values and Code of Ethics. In the process of 

converting raw materials into finished products, we adopt a fundamental principle: 

“Satisfying the present needs without compromising on the future”. As a trusted timber-

processing company, we are committed to our mission and corporate values to ensure long-

term sustainability of business, community, and environment. 

Many projects have been initiated in order to achieve sustainable solution for natural 

resources, resulting in two innovation breakthroughs: 

➢ Sampoerna Kayoe pioneered the use of alternative sustainable wood, such as falcata 

timber, in response to the limited availability of hardwood. Falcata is a fast-growing tree 

species that is abundantly available in Indonesia and is easily replanted to promote 

sustainability of our natural resources. 

➢ Our latest innovation is the utilization of rubber plantation waste. Rubber trees (Hevea 

Brasiliensis) are planted for the production of latex and the economic life span is between 

25 to 30 years. At the end of its life span, the trees are felled and the wood from the 

tree has been traditionally regarded as waste. With our technology, however, we are able 

to transform this waste into high-quality wood products such as wooden mountain bike 

and mini velo bike frame.

GRI: Supply chain, 102-9 








 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

42 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



Sourcing 

 

 

 

Raw material availability and raw material 

prices remain as one of the key challenges 

of our business. As we are increasing our 

production volume to meet demand, we 

may face the risk of interrupted supplies of 

raw materials due to extreme weather 

condition in some parts of Indonesia. 

 

As one of the largest group timber 

companies in Indonesia, we require an 

extensive and varied supply of logs. We are 

stringent in ensuring that our raw 

materials are supplied only by vendors who 

have met the requisite operating and 

technical standards imposed by the 

various 

governmental 

and 

nongovernmental organizations.  

 

SAMKO requires all its suppliers to comply 

with the national PHPL-SVLK standards. 

Compliance to this standard means that all 

logs are legally and sustainably sourced. All 

of SAMKO’s logs are sourced from legal 

concession areas in Indonesia, 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

with 90% of our wood sourced from 

community 

forests 

(Hutan 

Tanaman 

Rakyat) and plantation forests (Hutan 

Tanaman Industri). 

 

We source our woods from approximately 

1500 suppliers, all who are actively 

involved in developing and shaping the 

plywood industry. We hold an annual seed 

distribution program that we distribute to 

both our suppliers and surrounding 

communities. This program secures SAMKO 

our raw materials, improves the livelihoods 

of local communities, and ensure forest 

regeneration. 

 

SAMKO’s recent joint venture to manage a 

forest plantation in North Maluku, with 

concession rights of approximately 59,000 

hectares, will also become a new source 

of logs for the company. We are currently 

in the process of obtaining FSC Forest 

Management certification, ensuring our 

concession areas are managed according to 

sustainable forestry standards.

GRI: Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken 414-2 

to, protected areas and areas of high biodiversity value outside 

protected areas, 304-1 






 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

43 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



 

 

Foster a Tree 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

In 2020, we started a program called "Foster a Tree" where we regularly check and monitor 

its progress. We choose to protect sengon as our foster tree because we use it as our 

materials for production mostly. We hope by conducting this program will continue to 

maintain the tree’s growth following to the sustainable forest management. In the next 

year’s Sustainability Report, we will back report the development and growth of our foster 

tree. 







Sengon planted in 2019 





Sengon planted in late 2020 


 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

44 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



FSC Certification

 

SAMKO launched the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) Certification Program in 2018, aimed 

to support smallholder cooperatives to obtain Small and Low Intensity Managed Forest 

(SLIMF) - FSC certification. 

The program teaches the groups best farming and forestry management practices. This 

includes ensuring their crops are planted optimally and not harvested prematurely, proper 

conservation of high value areas, and financial planning to ensure income continuity instead 

of the widely used method of cutting whenever there is financial need.  

Through this program, we ensure that our suppliers adhere to responsible management plans 

and in turn maintain healthy forests, while we receive a steady and sustainable supply of 

FSC-certified raw materials. These SLIMF-FSC certified logs are then be processed in our 

CoC-FSC certified facilities to produce FSC certified products. 

After successfully obtaining certification for our first group of smallholder farmers in the 

Jambi and Jombang provinces, we have begun to expand the scope of the project, extending 

beyond the immediate regions around our main factories.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

GRI: 304-1, 304-3 

 







Our programs for our smallholder farmers group (KPHR Sumber Sejahtera/KPHRSS) in East Java 

Sampoerna Kayoe has developed an ideal cooperation scheme in furthering the international 

sustainability agenda through their SLIMF-FSC program, with the industry as an initiator and 

farmer groups as a partner in providing sustainably sourced industrial raw materials. In 

creating a program that fosters direct interaction with smallholder farmers, Sampoerna 

Kayoe has provided many benefits for smallholder farmer groups: advance training and 

implementation of FSC’s sustainable forest management standards, increased conservation 

values, increased farmer income, assistance with planting materials; local health, education, 

and cultural preservation programs. 

 

The potential to further build and implement the SLIMF-FSC program remains large and 

increasingly necessary. Sampoerna Kayoe’s approach to the increasing demand for 

responsible forestry, forging a direct partnership with smallholder farmers, is an excellent 

example of a sustainable business model in Indonesia, and a blueprint that can be adopted 

by all. 

 

PT. IDEAS SEMESTA ENERGI  

FSC Advisory Consultant - Bogor, West Java 


 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

45 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



Forest Management 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

In late 2019, SAMKO acquired forest concession rights of about 59,000 hectares in North 

Maluku, Indonesia. This has allowed SAMKO to expand our business upstream in the 

management and operation of industrial forest plantations and forestry concession rights. 

To achieve forest sustainability, we must balance responsible forestry operations and 

biodiversity conservation, while also supporting the communities around our concession 

areas. We have employed third-party auditors to conduct a High Conservation Value (HCV) 

assessment and Social Impact Assessment (SIA) within and around our immediate 

concession areas. The results of these assessments will inform our land use planning, and 

aid us in developing comprehensive for conservation and social programs.  

The new venture is another avenue for SAMKO to put into practice its commitment to 

sustainability. We are currently preparing forestry operations according to international 

responsible forest management standards. 

As we progress further into this venture and begin production, we look forward to creating 

lasting value within and around our immediate operational areas. Further progress will be 

reported in our annual Sustainability Report.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





A ‘Sulawesi Eagle’, one of the protected species in North Maluku 




 

 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 








 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

47 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



GRI Index 

 

General Requirements 

GRI Standard 2016 &amp; Disclosure 

Reference 

Page 

Organizational Profile 

102-1 

Name of the organization 

About Us 

7 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

Our Company 

8 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

About Us 

7 

102-4 

Location of operations 

Map of Operations 

5 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

About this Report 

3 

102-6 

Markets served 

Our Company 

8 

102-7 

Scale of the organization 

About Us 

7 

102-8 

Information on employees and other 

workers 

Employee Infographic 

2020 

19 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Sustainable Value Chain 

41 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organization and 

its supply chain 

Our Company 

8 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Vision 2030 &amp; Targets 

13 

102-12 

External initiatives 

Stakeholder Engagement 

15 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

Strategy 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

CEO Statement 

2 

Ethics and integrity 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behavior 

CEO Statement 

2 

Governance 

102-18 

Governance structure 

Governance 

17 

Stakeholder engagement 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

Stakeholder Engagement 

15 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

Our People 

20 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

Stakeholder Engagement 

15 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

Reporting practice 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries 

Materiality Assessment 

16 

102-47 

List of material topics 

102-50 

Reporting period 

About this Report 

3 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

102-55 

GRI content index 

GRI Index 

47 

 

 

 

 


 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

48 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



Topic-specific Standards 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Reference 

Page 

205 

 

Anti-corruption 

2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary 

GRI Index 

47 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Ethical Business 

Conduct 

9 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risk 

related to corruption 

301 

 

Materials 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary 

GRI Index 

47 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Environmental 

Performance 

34 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

301-1 

Materials used by weight or 

volume 

301-2 

Recycled input materials used 

302 

 

Energy 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary 

GRI Index 

47 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Environmental 

Performance 

34 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the 

organization 

302-2 

Energy consumption outside of the 

organization 

302-3 

Energy intensity 

302-4 

Reduction of energy consumption 

303 

 

Water and 

Effluents 2018 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary 

GRI Index 

47 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Environmental 

Performance 

34 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

303-5 

Water consumption 

304 

 

Biodiversity 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary 

GRI Index 

47 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

FSC 

Certification 

44 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

304-1 

Operational sites owned, leased, 

managed in, or adjacent to, 

protected areas and areas of high 

biodiversity value outside 

protected areas 

304-3 

Habitats protected or restored 

305 

 

Emissions 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary 

GRI Index 

47 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Emission 

36 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

305-1 

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 


 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

49 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



Topic-specific Standards 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Reference 

Page 

306 

 

Waste 2020 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary 

GRI Index 

47 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Environmental 

Performance 

34 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

306-3 

Waste generated 

401 

 

Employment 

2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary 

GRI Index 

47 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Our People 

20 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

401-1 

New employee hires and 

employee turnover 

About us 

7 

401-2 

Benefits provided to full-time 

employees that are not provided 

to temporary or part-time 

employees 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety 

25 

401-3 

Parental leave 

403 

 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety 2018 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary 

GRI Index 

47 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety 

25 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

403-1 

Occupational health and safety 

management system 

403-5 

Worker training on occupational 

health and safety 

403-8 

Workers covered by an 

occupational health and safety 

management system 

403-9 

Work-related injuries 

404 

 

Training and 

Education 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary 

GRI Index 

47 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Empowering 

People 

21 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading employee 

skills and transition assistance 

programs 

405 

 

Diversity and 

Equal 

Opportunity 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary 

GRI Index 

47 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Employee 

Infographic 2020 

19 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies 

and employees 


 

Sampoerna Kayoe | Sustainability Report 2020 

 

50 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



Topic-specific Standards 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Reference 

Page 

408 

 

Child Labor 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary 

GRI Index 

47 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Our People 

20 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

408-1 

Operations and suppliers at 

significant risk for incidents of 

child labor 

409 

 

Forced or 

Compulsory 

Labor 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary 

GRI Index 

47 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Our People 

20 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

409-1 

Operations and suppliers at 

significant risk for incidents of 

forced or compulsory labor 

413 

 

Local 

Communities 

2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary 

GRI Index 

47 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Community 

Engagement 

27 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

413-1 

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, 

and development programs 

413-2 

Operations with significant actual 

and potential negative impacts on 

local communities 

414 

 

Supplier Social 

Assessment 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary 

GRI Index 

47 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Sourcing 

42 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

414-2 

Negative social impacts in the 

supply chain and actions taken 

417 

 

Marketing and 

Labelling 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic 

and its boundary 

GRI Index 

47 

103-2 

The management approach and its 

components 

Factory and 

Product 

Certification 

32 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management 

approach 

417-1 

Requirements for product and 

service information and labeling 


 

 









 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PT SUMBER GRAHA SEJAHTERA 

HEAD OFFICE Sampoerna Strategic Square, North Tower, 21st Floor Jl. 

Jenderal Sudirman Kav. 45-46, Jakarta Selatan 12930, Indonesia 

T (62 21) 576 1138 (Hunting) I F (62 21) 576 1152 - 575 1153 I T (62 21) 576 1158 (Marketing) 

 

SAMKO TIMBER LIMITED 

7500A Beach Road, #08-305/307 The Plaza, Singapore 199591 T (65) 6298 2189 I F (65) 6298 2187 

www.sampoernakayoe.co.id 

 

@sampoernakayoe 

     Sampoerna Kayoe 

     Sampoerna Kayoe 

     Sampoerna Kayoe 





