
 







 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 



www.sampoernakayoe.co.id 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 2019 


SAMKO TIMBER LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019   

 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



1 

CONTENTS 

 

Statement from Our Executive Director 

and Chief Executive Officer ............................. 2 

About Our Business ............................................ 3 

Our Approach to Sustainability ..................... 5 

List of Stakeholder Groups .............................. 5 

The Final List of Material Topics ................... 6 

SAMKO’s Value Chain ........................................ 6 

Material Topics with Impact Across our 

Value Chain ............................................................. 7 

Sustainability Report Governance 

Structure Committee. ......................................... 7 

Our Commitment Card ...................................... 8 

Ethical Business Conduct ................................ 9 

Research and Development .......................... 10 

Legality and Sustainability Certifications . 11 

Sustainable Sourcing ........................................ 12 

Waste Management .......................................... 13 

Child Labor &amp; Compulsory Labor ................ 14 

Empowering People .......................................... 15 

Occupational Health and Safety .................. 17 

Local Community Engagement ................... 18 

GRI Standards Content Index ....................... 19 

 

 

 

 




SAMKO TIMBER LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019   

 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



2 

STATEMENT  

FROM OUR EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR  

AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 

 

We continue to grow positively driven by 

various transformation effort in several aspects 

of our business operations, and also continue to 

improve capabilities on an ongoing basis. For us, 

sustainability is a journey in which every step is 

important. We get learnings from our past and 

leverage on the insights to refocus and improve 

our action. It is a continuing process and one 

which we must keep accelerating. We also 

continue to strengthen our corporate branding, 

improve efficiency, reduce operational costs as 

well as enhance business performance. On the 

business front, we aim to continue being one of 

the leading industry players through our 

innovative and sustainable solutions. 

 

We are committed to adopt an integrated 

approach in achieving business development 

and responsible environmental management. 

Our commitment to sustainable development is 

reflected in our Corporate Values and Code of 

Ethics. In the process of converting raw 

materials into finished products, we adopt a 

fundamental principle: “Satisfying the present 

needs without compromising on the future”. As 

a trusted timber-processing company, we are 

committed to our mission and corporate values 

to ensure long-term sustainability of business, 

community, and environment. 

 

With the fast-paced and ever-changing business 

environment, we continue to the next stage of 

our brand transformation and and rebranded 

our products under the “Sampoerna Kayoe” 

brand. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

STATEMENT  

FROM OUR EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR  

AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 

 

At Sampoerna Kayoe, we believe in possibilities 

and the need to break the limitations that 

surrounds them. Our key brand identity is clearly 

defined by our tagline, “Unlimit Possibilities”, as 

we strive to unlimit possibilities for our wood 

solutions in our journey to grow and expand 

internationally. 

Nurtured 

with 

Sampoerna’s 

value and philosophy, we embrace “Anggarda 

Paramita”, which means “Towards Excellence”, 

as a way of life and live the “Three Hands” 

philosophy of working alongside our business 

partners, employees, and the community, as we 

strive towards a more sustainable business 

model.  

 

The Board of Directors guide and oversee the 

identification, management and monitoring of 

relevant sustainability topics that we disclose in 

this report. We recognize the importance of 

adopting sustainable practices and how it can 

enhance 

our 

business 

operations 

and 

performance. We believe that sustainability is 

the only way for us to be successful in the future, 

and therefore, an end-to-end approach along 

the value chains required, whether through our 

brands, our processes and our people.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sampoerna 

Kayoe Vision &amp; 

Mission 

 

Champion enabler 

that inspires 

sustainable future 

for all 

 

 

 

 

 

•Engrained commitment to only source from sustainable and

eco-forest suppliers with building a better future in mind







Sustainable Sourcing

•Engage, collaborate and empower the most important asset 

to the company to ensure a sustainable future for all 

stakeholders







People Empowerment 

•As the industry leader through innovative and sustainable 

solution in any market we are present





Championing Economic Value 




SAMKO TIMBER LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019   

 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



3 

ABOUT OUR BUSINESS 

 

Listed on the Mainboard of the Singapore 

Exchange on 25 February 2008, Samko Timber 

Limited (“STL”) is a publicly listed company, in 

the form of a limited liability company, which 

was established under the law of the Republic of 

Singapore on 26 December 2005.  STL presently 

has more than 10 subsidiary companies which 

forms a leading vertically integrated wood 

resources processor engaging in the primary 

and secondary processed timber businesses. 

The subsidiary Companies are established and 

located in various countries including Singapore, 

Indonesia, Malaysia, and United States through 

either direct or indirect shareholding ownership 

which all together form the Samko group and 

also known as Sampoerna Kayoe Group of 

companies (“SAMKO”). SAMKO is domiciled in 

Singapore.   

 

We are cognizant of the vital role that our 

employees and workers play in our success and 

sustainability, and we strive to be a fair and 

responsible employer to them. In 2019, SAMKO 

has 16,003 employees, a decrease of 9.20% 

compared to 17,624 employees in 2018 resulting 

from 

current 

on-going 

modernization 

&amp; 

optimization project occurring in several plants. 

Our plants are located mainly in Java, with 

several others situated in Sumatra and Sulawesi. 

In 2019 we rolled out structure and grading 

standardization across the six assembly plants, 

eleven affiliate plants and one chemical glue 

producer and have completed the exercise in 

December. This initiative was taken in order 

ensure responsibilities and competencies for 

similar jobs across plants. New structures are to 

be implemented gradually in 2020. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We have developed a strong business and operating model enabling us to continuously expand our 

processing capacity and maintain sustainability in production. Our strong experience has helped us 

gain success and grow steadily amid the changing business environment. Sampoerna Kayoe currently 

owns 18 production facilities that operate as wood processing facilities, chemical glue producer, and 

veneer satellite factories. The organic expansion in our group contributed a total production capacity 

approximately 900,000 m3 annually, allowing us to be a major engineered wood manufacturer in 

Indonesia and one of the largest globally. Our company is equipped with high capacity production 

facilities to meet the growing market demand from all segments and to fulfil our mission of becoming 

the market leader in the industry.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 







     Commercial Representatives 







MAP OF OPERATIONS 





BALARAJA 



2700 

Employees 





































































































































2610 

Employees 







MUARO JAMBI 

























LUWU 





JOMBANG 





BUTUH 





PURBALINGGA 



3354 

Employees 



4730 

Employees 



2609 

Employees 







Employee 

demography 

based on 

Business Cluster:                                          

Manufacturing, 

Log Procurement, 

Corporate 

Function &amp; 

Commercial. In 

2019 more 

female workers 

have joined the 

company and 

contribute in 

different areas of 

the company, 

from the 

technical side to 

the managerial 

side of the 

business. 





Majority of our workers population are categorized under 

“Productive Age Group”, between 30 to 40 years old. While second 

biggest population consisted of workers at the age of 18 to 30 years 

old. 


SAMKO TIMBER LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019   

 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



4 

 

Sampoerna Kayoe 

A Leading Engineered  

Wood Solution Provides  

in South East Asia 

 

 

Our manufacturing facilities: 

 

 

 

 

Production Capacity 

+/- 900,000 m3 

 

 

 

 

 

6 main processing 

plants in Java, 

Sumatera, Sulawesi 

 

 

11 satellite veneer 

plants and 1 

chemical glue 

producer in Java, 

Sumatera and 

Sulawesi 

 

With unrelenting focus on excellence at every stage of its supply chain, we have garnered international 

environmental accreditations as a testament of our long-term commitment to quality and 

sustainability. The Research and Development department is tasked with ongoing process 

improvement, wood maximization and product innovation, setting the stage for value creation and 

growth.  

 

With over 40 years of experience and industry knowledge condensed into our primary and secondary 

processed timber products. Our products are found in residential, commercial and industrial 

applications in the form of plywood, wood-decking, wood-doors, wood-flooring, piano and truck 

parts. Our products enjoy a dominant market share in Indonesia, and are distributed in more than 28 

countries across the world, including the Asia Pacific region, Europe, the Middle East, and the United 

States of America. We will continue to explore new markets, develop and be innovative in our product 

offerings. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 












SAMKO TIMBER LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019   

 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



5 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

At Sampoerna Kayoe, we are governed by a 

fundamental        principle: "Satisfying the present 

needs without compromising the future'. We are 

committed to being a sustainable business; 

adopting an integrated approach in achieving 

business 

development 

and 

responsible 

environmental management.   

 

We keep this commitment by investing in our 

people, empowering the local communities in 

which we operate in, sourcing from sustainable 

suppliers, 

and 

implementing 

continous 

improvement programs.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Our Approach towards Stakeholder engagement 

 

Group 

 

 

Expectations 

 

Response 

 

Engagement Type 

Shareholders 

Financial health, 

reputation and 

transparency 

Respond to any queries 

through Corporate 

Secretary Team, provide 

timely and accurate 

information on our 

website, annual and 

sustainability report in a 

transparent manner 

 

Annually meeting 

Customers 

Quality of product and 

product certification 

Quality control 

management, and 

Implementing SVLK, 

CoC-FSC, California 

Airborne Resource Board 

(CARB) Phase 2, US EPA 

standard, Singapore 

Green Label, CE Mark 

and Japan Agricultural 

Standard (JAS) and ISO 

standard 

 

Periodic updating 

certifications 

Regulators 

Regulatory compliance 

Comply  with any 

applicable laws and 

regulations 

 

Regular update 

Local Community 

 

Employment 

opportunities and 

improvement in 

standards of living 

Preference for local 

hiring, contributing for 

construction of 

communal and religious 

facilities, offering 

scholarships to best 

performing students and 

school fees and 

contributing 

free seedling to local 

communities 

 

Corporate social 

Responsibility 

Programmed 

Employees 

Occuppational health &amp; 

safety, and raining &amp; 

development (welfare) 

Health benefits and 

providing various types 

of training to employees 

as part of  their 

development 

 

Regular trainings 

 

At Sampoerna Kayoe, we understand that sustainability is a journey. As will be clear in the following 

sections, we are currently still in the early phase of embracing sustainability as an integral part of our 

business operations and corporate functions. Thus far, we have identified material sustainability topics 

that may affect, and be affected by, our business operations. We believe the importance of material 

We believe effective engagement with our stakeholders allows us to understand their concerns and 

how we can best respond to them. We are committed to pursuing sustainability because we believe 

that a sustainable business is a better business: for ourselves and our stakeholders, for the country 

and for the environment.  

 




SAMKO TIMBER LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019   

 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



6 

topics to focus on specific areas to grow our business and align future sustainability efforts. We have 

conducted a materiality assessment as follows: identifying a list of potential material topics by 

reviewing material topics reported by other similar industry players, to consider the sustainability 

context of the plywood industry and interviewing Senior Management to understand their business 

environment, future plans and any concerns. We then refined and prioritized the materiality of each 

topic and the result was presented to Management for discussion and approval. 

 

The result of our materiality assessment is summarized below:  

 

 

 

 

No 

Material Topics 

Topics under GRI Standards 

1 

Ethical Business Conduct 

GRI 205 : Anti-Corruption 

2 

Research and Development 

No relevant GRI topics available 

3 

Legality and Sustainability 

Certifications 

No relevant GRI topics available 

4 

Sustainable Sourcing 

GRI 308 : Supplier Environmental 

Assessment 

5 

Waste Management 

GRI 306 : Effluents and Waste 

6 

Child Labor &amp; Compulsory 

Labor 

GRI 408 : Child Labor 

GRI 409 : Forced or Compulsory Labor 

7 

Empowering People 

GRI 404 : Training and Education 

8 

Occupational Health and 

Safety 

GRI 403 : Occupational Health and Safety 

9 

Local Community 

Engagement 

GRI 413 : Local Communities 

 

 

 

Sustainability in our Value Chain 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Non  

Material 



Importance to internal stakeholders 



Importance to external stakeholders 



3 



8 



5 



2 



9 



1 



4 



7 



6 



Obtains the logs for the production of our processed timber 

products from: 

-  Industrial forest plantations 

-  Natural forest logs purchased from third party log suppliers 

-  Plantation logs purchased mainly from community forests 



Our processed timber products are produced in  variety 

of grades, sizes, thicknesses  and appearances, 

depending on the particular needs of our customers such 

as: 

- Plywood 

- Laminated Veneer Lumber (LVL) 

- Piano Body Parts 

- Secondary Processed Plywood 

- Truck Body Parts 

- Others wood products (Doors, Door-frames, Windows,  

   Flooring, Decking and Roof-truss) 

 



Suppliers 



Sustainable 

renewable 

source of 

logs 



Processing 

Timber 

Products 



Customers 



Presently sells its products to both domestic and overseas markets, 

with export to all around the world, including Algeria, Australia, 

Belgium, China, Croatia, Denmark, France, Germany, Hong Kong, 

India, Indonesia, Iraq, Italy, Japan, Jordan, Kuwait, Malaysia, Mexico, 

New Zealand, Oman, Philippines, Poland, Puerto Rico, Saudi Arabia, 

Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, 

Thailand, Timor Leste, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom, and 

USA 



Seeds 

Distribution 



Sampoerna Kayoe has supported the replantation of more than 

sixty-nine million trees all over Indonesia to foster a green culture. 


SAMKO TIMBER LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019   

 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



7 

Material topics with impact across our value chain 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Recognizing that sustainability development is an ongoing journey, Management has set the tone for 

sustainability from the top while being supported by the Sustainability Committee who look after 

implementation of sustainability plans and performance monitoring.  

 

Sustainability  

Report  

Governance  

Structure  

Committee  

 

 

Looking at our business from a sustainability 

perspective will inform our business decisions 

and enable us to identify and act upon 

improvement points effectively as we mention in 

Ethical 

Business 

Conduct 

in 

page 

9, 

Empowering 

People 

in 

page 

15 

and 

Occupational Health and Safety in page 17. We 

have 

also 

developed 

a 

sustainability 

performance card to monitor and track our 

performance under a set of indicators against 

the committed targets. This report presents the 

sustainability performance of SAMKO for the 

period 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019. This 

report covers material issues for SAMKO’s 

facilities as shown earlier, unless specifically 

mentioned otherwise in other sections. This 

report excludes our trading offices in Indonesia, 

Singapore, Malaysia, and the United States.  We 

also exclude our forest plantations in the current 

report, because they are currently still in the 

early development stage. 

Data presented in the Report have been either 

sourced centrally from our enterprise resource 

planning system or directly from the facilities. 

We have not sought external assurance for this 

inaugural report and this report does not contain 

revisions of previous sustainability reports. The 

report is organized and presented following the 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards 

‘Core Option’. We welcome your views on this 

report as an important input to help us improve 

our sustainability practices and reporting. 

 

For any comments or response regarding the 

content of this report, please direct your 

feedback to: 

 

SAMKO TIMBER LIMITED 7500A Beach Road, 

#08-305/307 The Plaza Singapore 199591 Tel: 

(65) 

6298 

2189 

| 

Fax: 

(65) 

6298 

2187 

www.sampoernakayoe.co.id 

 

Material Topics 

Source 

of Logs 

Processing 

Customers 

Ethical Business Conduct 

 

 

 

Research and 

Development 

 

 

 

Legality and Sustainability 

Certifications 

 

 

 

Sustainable Sourcing  

 

 

 

Waste Management 

 

 

 

Child Labor &amp; Compulsory 

Labor 

 

 

 

Empowering People 

 

 

 

Occupational Health and 

Safety 

 

 

 

Local Community 

Engagement 

 

 

 













































 





 





 



 



Working 

 Committee 



Sustainability 

Committee 



Board 

 of Directors 






SAMKO TIMBER LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019   

 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



8 

Our sustainability performance cards 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 



 

Research and Development 

 

Our Commitment 

Focused on process 

improvement and development 

of environmentally friendly 

materials and techniques 

 

Where We are now  

Developed unique composition 

of glue base to diversify our 

Sengon based products.  

 





 



 

Legality and Sustainability 

Certifications 

 

Our Commitment 

Comply with the legality and 

sustainability certification 

requirements of our products 

along the value chain in our 

operations 

 

Where We are now  

1.

Obtained FSC CoC 

certification for our factory in 

Jambi 

2.

In progress for our factories in 

Jombang and Semarang 





 



 

Waste Management 

 

Our Commitment 

Comply with prevailing 

Indonesian regulations regarding 

waste management, especially 

regarding hazardous waste. 

 

Where We are now  

Complied with relevant 

waste management 

regulations.  

 





 



 

Child Labor &amp;  

Compulsory Labor 

Our Commitment 

Support any Indonesian 

regulations regarding child labor 

and compulsory labor in our 

operations. 

 

Where We are now  

1.

Maintained 100% records of 

work applicants (family card &amp; 

identity card)  

2.

Zero reported forced labor 

and child labor incidences 

3.

Aligned with all Indonesian 

regulations regarding 

minimum legal working age in 

our operations 





 



 

Ethical Business Conduct 

 

Our Commitment 

Zero incidents and litigation 

cases due to incompliance to law 

and regulations regarding 

corruption in our operations 

 

Where We are now  

Zero litigation cases regarding 

corruption against the Company  





 



Sustainable Sourcing 

 

Our Commitment 

1.

Source FSC-certified logs for 

our raw materials 

2. Procure logs from legal 

concession areas in Indonesia 

 

Where We are now  

1.

Supported SLIMF FSC 

certification process for 

smallholder suppliers in Jambi 

2. In progress to obtain SLIMF 

FSC certification for 

smallholder suppliers in 

Jombang and Semarang 

 





 



Empowering People 

 

Our Commitment 

1.

Provide formal training for 

employees at least once a 

year 

2. Conduct annual performance 

reviews for all employees 

based on a standardized KPI 

system 

 

Where We are now  

1.

More than 77% of the total 

employees received formal 

training 

2. Always give 100% regular 

performance review for our 

employees in 2019 

 





 



Occupational Health  

and Safety 

 

Our Commitment 

Zero employee fatalities 

 

Where We are now  

1.   Zero incident involving work-

related fatality in our 

operations during 2019 

2.  Reinforcing the importance of 

complying with standard 

working procedure for all 

layers in the organization and 

holds plant managers 

accountable in ensuring 

safety in the work field 

 





 



Local Community  

Engagement 

 

Our Commitment 

Increase welfare of local 

communities. 

 

Where We are now  

1.

Established more than 86% of 

our local community 

engagement plan  

2.

Distributed more than a 

cumulative 69 million free 

seeds to local communities.  




SAMKO TIMBER LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019   

 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



9 

Ethical Business Conduct 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SAMKO 

continuously 

improves 

the 

implementation of the highest possible standards 

lawful business conduct practices from year to 

year in order to generate significant and profitable 

impacts for all shareholders and stakeholders. Our 

management 

and 

employees 

must 

fully 

understand and apply this standard when building 

work 

relationship 

with 

other 

employees, 

customers, 

suppliers, 

shareholders, 

the 

government and the general public. It also 

governs 

the 

improvement 

mechanism 

for 

sanctions of misconduct and violations. 

 

We are consistently maintaining zero litigation 

regarding corruption against the company in our 

operations during 2019. 

 

Pursuant to the Company’s standard operating 

procedure (SOP), any legal cases, lawsuit, and/or 

court cases (litigation cases) which involves the 

Company and/or its officers and/or employees, 

must be notified to and consulted with the 

Company’s legal division. 

 

Throughout 2019, according to the file and record 

of the Company’s legal division, there is no 

pending, outstanding, and/or ongoing legal cases 

or litigation involving the Company, which relates 

to any violation (non-compliance) of prevailing 

laws and regulations by the Company, that raises 

any legal cases or litigation cases against the 

Company which may led to any revocation cases 

of it licenses. 

 

SAMKO conducted cross-section and cross-

company communication processes to maintain 

the effectiveness of work relationships by utilizing 

various digital and physical media such as email, 

e-news, flyer-blasts, and bulletin boards. By 

conducting 

intensive 

socialization 

and 

communication 

processes, 

SAMKO 

and 

its 

employees have a good mutual relationship and 

work together for the same objectives. Each 

employee is encouraged to behave and act in 

accordance with corporate values and culture, to 

ensure that SAMKO’s reputation is always 

reflected through the quality of its people. 

 

In particular, SAMKO has a commitment to open 

communication and good corporate governance, 

by implementing a whistle-blowing policy since 

2008. 

This policy aims to provide an avenue for 

employees to raise concerns about possible 

improprieties and obstructive action within the 

Company and SAMKO Group, when they become 

aware and to ensure: 

 

a) Independent investigations are carried out in 

an appropriate and timely manner; 

b) Appropriate action is taken to correct the 

weaknesses in internal controls and policies 

which allowed the perpetration of fraud and/or 

misconduct and to prevent a recurrence; and 

c) Administrative, 

disciplinary, 

civil 

and/or 

criminal actions that are initiated following the 

completion of investigations are appropriate 

balanced and fair, while providing reassurance 

that the employees will be protected from 

reprisals or victimization for whistle-blowing in 

good faith and without malice. 

 

This policy is intended to cover serious concerns 

that could have an adverse impact on the 

company, such as actions that may lead to 

incorrect financial reporting, are unlawful, are not 

in line with a legal obligation or a policy of our 

company, 

deliberately 

conceal 

serious 

wrongdoings or malpractices, may pose serious 

breach of fundamental internal controls, otherwise 

amount 

to 

serious 

improper 

conduct, 

or 

deliberately conceal information tending to show 

any of the above. 

 

All complaints shall be reported to the Audit 

Committee either in person or in writing by e-mail 

or in a sealed envelope, marked “Private and 

Strictly Confidential”. Every effort will be made to 

protect the complainant’s identity. We do not 

tolerate nor condone obstructive action against 

any employee who wishes or intends to, or who is 

in the process of filing a complaint, and/or 

retaliatory action any employee who has filed a 

complaint alleging possible improprieties. 

 

The procedure to raise concerns about possible 

improprieties was updated and implemented in 

2017. As part of our effort in implementing Good 

Corporate Governance (GCG), the Board of 

Directors (BOD) from all companies within the 

Samko 

Timber 

Group 

have 

composed 

the 

procedures 

for 

reporting 

irregularities 

and 

violations of ethical business conduct and/ or 

applied 

laws 

and 

regulations, 

Articles 

of 

Association, contract/agreement made under 

Company's name and other acts that could be 

detrimental to the company. The reporting 

procedure have been regulated under Company's 

Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) titled "Law 

and 

Business 

Ethics 

Violation 

Reporting 

Procedure", managed by the Violation Reporting 

Team (Tim Khusus Pelaporan Pelanggaran) that 

was formally elected and formed under Samko 

Timber Group. 

 

 

 

 

 





 

 



Our Principle: 

Business is 

conducted lawfully 

and with integrity 




SAMKO TIMBER LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019   

 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



10 

Research and Development 

 

As a prominent player in the global market of timber products, 

SAMKO is aware of the need to stay competitive. Competition 

comes in various forms: technological advance of timber 

manufacturing processes, development of new and higher-

quality timber products and development of alternative 

products that aggressively target the current market. We are the 

only processed-wood manufacturer in Indonesia that has a 

research and development facility, proving our commitment 

towards innovation and quality. 

 

 

Research and development ("R&amp;D") help SAMKO protect its market share and expand to new markets. 

Through R&amp;D, SAMKO could always be prepared, both in response to today’s challenges as well as 

anticipating future risks and opportunities. R&amp;D enables SAMKO to deliver higher-quality products 

through process improvement and new raw and supporting materials, securing both the economic and 

environmental sustainability of our business. 

 

We are the first timber processing company in Indonesia to use plantation logs for veneer production. 

We strive to capture the maximum value of wood used at our production sites, especially in our strategy 

to increase the usage of smaller diameter plantation logs. The percentage of wood that is successfully 

extracted as sheets is referred to as recovery rate. We aim to achieve high recovery rates to capture a 

higher proportion of wood to be converted into higher value products which in turn reduces the amount 

of waste produced.  

 

We pioneered the utilization of rubber plantation waste. At the end of its thirty-year lifespan, rubber 

trees have been traditionally regarded as waste. With our technology, we are able to transform this 

waste into high quality wood products.  

 

Our current research focuses on five functions: 

1. 

Research on developing and engineering the right usage of Supporting Materials such as glue, 

preservative, coating and other materials for balancing the requested quality with reasonable cost; 

2. Research on focusing alternative New Raw Materials for timber species beyond the main current 

(Sengon and Rubber Wood) for source of veneer; 

3. Research on Machine Technology, for new processing machinery and current machinery 

improvements to keep ahead of technological advantages in quality or efficiency; 

4. Research on Process Engineering, by evaluating and improving our production process for more 

efficient methods without compromising quality; 

5. Research to find and develop a Selective Breeding of Sengon and Rubber species aimed to obtain 

the best quality recovery rate of veneer from its stem. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Hermawan (Sampoerna Kayoe’s 

Lab &amp; Material Research Division) 

 

Since I was little, timber has been 

an integral part of my life. I come 

from a family of woodcarvers in 

Solo, Central Java. My parents 

always said that timber is a 

valuable resource to be used 

wisely. Today, I apply the same 

principle at my work place, to 

balance 

quality 

with 

sustainability. My parents believe 

that Indonesian timber is one of 

the best in the world. They feel so 

proud today, knowing that their 

son is working at one of the 

nation’s best companies in wood 

processing, Sampoerna Kayoe. 

 

 

 

One of our breakthroughs in 2019 is the formulation of a unique 

composition of glue base. The new glue base can be used to produce 

more varieties of Sengon based plywood products. It allows us to expand 

our market for our products where we create customized solutions for 

our customers. We are also equipped with high capacity production 

facilities to meet the growing market demand from all segments and to 

fulfill our mission of becoming the market leader in the industry. 

 

Quality control and quality assurance are continuously upheld. The same 

commitment can be found in all of our plants. Our spirit to unlimit the 

possibilities does not end in our plant facilities. It can also be found in the 

products that we are supplying for our customers all over the world. 

 

 








SAMKO TIMBER LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019   

 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



11 

Legality and Sustainability  

Certifications 

 

We understand the need of the government, buyers and the general public to ensure the legality and 

sustainability of our products along the value chain. We aim to go beyond regulatory compliance and 

actively work towards a wider uptake of legality and sustainability certification. We maintain zero 

breach regarding legality and sustainability certification requirements. 

We are proud to mention that all our facilities comply with the Indonesian national legality verification 

scheme, Sistem Verifikasi Legalitas Kayu (SVLK). This scheme is the implementation of the Voluntary 

Partnership Agreement (VPA) on Forest Law Enforcement, Governance and Trade (FLEGT) signed 

by European Union countries in 2013. SVLK is recognized in European Union countries, and the 

Indonesian government is campaigning for its wider recognition in other markets.  

We have obtained certifications from Japan Agricultural Standard (JAS), CE Marking, United States 

Environmental Protection Agency (US EPA), California Air Resource Board (CARB), ISO 9001 (Quality 

Management System), ISO 14001 (Environment), Green Label Singapore, and many more. 

The Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) is a sustainable forest management certification that promotes 

the responsible management of forests. We recently became members of the FSC’s economic 

chamber which allows us to directly contribute to the organization’s standards and to the future of 

responsible forestry. We have obtained the FSC Chain of Custody certification ("CoC-FSC") 

certification for our facility in Jambi and the Small or Low Intensity Managed Forests (SLIMF) FSC-

certification for our raw materials in Jambi.  

We support smallholder cooperatives to apply for and guide them to obtaining SLIMF-FSC 

certification. Through this program, we ensure that our suppliers maintain a healthy forest with 

responsible management plans, while we receive a steady and sustainable supply of FSC-certified raw 

materials. These SLIMF-FSC certified logs will then be processed in our CoC-FSC certified facility in 

Jambi to produce FSC certified products. Our certifications in Jambi are only the beginning of our 

sustainability journey and are testament to our commitment in being a responsible industry player. 

Towards the end of 2019, we started to expand our support of smallholder cooperatives to our 

suppliers in the Jombang and Salatiga regions, with the aim of building a wider family of suppliers 

whose raw materials are FSC certified.    

Our facilities in Balaraja and Jambi hold ISO 14001 certification, while other factories implement similar 

environmental management systems. We ensure that our products and process comply with the 

global standards for quality and environment management. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




SAMKO TIMBER LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019   

 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



12 

Sustainable  

Sourcing 

 

Raw material availability and raw material prices remain as one of the key challenges of our business. 

As we are increasing our production volume to meet demand, we may face the risk of interrupted 

supplies of raw materials due to extreme weather condition in some parts of Indonesia.  

As one of the biggest group companies in Indonesia, we require an extensive and varied supply of 

logs. All of SAMKO’s log is sourced from legal concession areas in Indonesia, with 90% of our wood 

sourced from community forests (Hutan Rakyat) and plantation forests (Hutan Tanaman Industri). We 

continuously improve technology and efficiency to maximize our production capacity while 

maintaining sustainability of natural resources. Subsequently, our factory in Jambi has obtained Chain 

of Custody certification ("CoC-FSC") certification and we have secured SLIMF- FSC certified logs for 

our factory in Jambi.  

SAMKO holds a royalty program every year which rewards and encourages suppliers for continuing 

to work with us.  We play an active role within the Hutan Rakyat community to ensure trees are not 

cut prematurely and have reached an optimum age before being harvested. Currently, SAMKO has 

approximately 1500 suppliers who are actively involved in developing and shaping the industry of our 

plywood.  

We run an annual seed distribution program that targets surrounding communities with the aim of 

supporting them plant timber trees. This program secures SAMKO our raw materials, improves the 

livelihoods of local communities, and also ensures continuity of forest growth. SAMKO procures logs 

from community farmers (in community forests located in Java, Bali, Sulawesi and Sumatera) and 

through third-party suppliers (in natural forests).  

We continue to ensure that all logs procured are from legal sources. Our log purchase policy requires 

any log purchase to be conducted in accordance with the prevailing and applicable law and 

regulations and legal procedures of the Indonesian Government.  SAMKO is committed to adopt an 

integrated approach in achieving business development and responsible environmental management. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




SAMKO TIMBER LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019   

 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



13 



 

Waste Management 

 

Waste management is one of the key focus areas in our 

environmental management efforts. The underlying concept of 

our waste management is to ‘reduce, reuse, recycle’ and we 

partner up with institutions that are also consistent with this 

policy. We are mindful of handling different types of waste 

carefully to prevent pollution and safety hazards and continue to 

comply with the relevant prevailing regulations in waste 

management. We continuously enhance efficiency in our 

production process to increase our recovery rate to minimize 

waste. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

For subsequent years, we have been participating in the Indonesian Government’s Program for 

Pollution Control, Evaluation, and Rating ("PROPER") for our assembly plants in Balaraja and Jambi, 

who constantly monitor by Indonesian Government. We continue our participation in the PROPER 

program and always give our best effort to maintain the ratings which have been achieved previously. 

In 2019, we have received the Blue rating PROPER awards, indicate we always take seriously to 

comply for government standards and guidance regarding environment management. 

 

The most common types of waste generated during our production process are waste veneer and 

center core log. We utilize most of that waste as feedstock for our boilers to power our plants and 

decompose the rest in several landfills. Waste oil produced from our production machinery are stored 

in a temporary shelter for hazardous waste before it is handled by our licensed third-party waste 

processors. 

 

In 2019, our factory in Balaraja recycled 40.212 Kg of waste glue to become supporting materials for 

our low-grade plywood, an increase of 15%, compared to 34.756 Kg in 2018. We are working to 

develop our unused waste to become alternative energy sources for other industries, such as wood 

pellet making and raw materials to be used by power plants. Our operations have waste water 

mechanism systems to manage and ensure our waste is safely to dispose outside factory. We tightly 

monitor our hazardous waste disposal in accordance with relevant prevailing government 

regulations. 

 

In 

2019, 

our 

total 

water 

consumption in our East Java 

factories accounted for 625,318 

m3. In our Balaraja factory, it 

accounted for 61,343 m3, in 

Jambi factory accounted for 

320,143 

m3, 

in 

Purbalingga 

accounted for 16,866 m3, where 

most of that consumption are 

being reused to support our 

operational activities, such as 

washing log at log pool area. We 

intend to continue measuring 

our 

water 

consumption 

and 

strengthen our data collection 

process in subsequent years to 

implement more robust systems 

to monitor our performance.   

 

 

 

 

Recovery rate 

is the output of 

the material 

produced from 

the process 

compared to 

the input of the 

initial material 

before 

undergoing the 

process.  







51%

52%

52%

2017

2018

2019

Recovery Rate







34.756

40.212

2018

2019

Recycle Waste Glue




SAMKO TIMBER LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019   

 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



14 

Child Labor &amp;  

Compulsory Labor 

 

We are committed to respect and protect human 

rights, to oppose and to prevent discrimination 

that may occur in the work and uphold the 

equality of rights, within the Company and the 

entire of its business chain. We appreciate and 

protects human rights as referred to in the 

Collective Labor Agreement to be one of the 

means to create harmonious industrial relations in 

the working environment. Throughout 2019, no 

incidence of discrimination occurred within our 

operation. SAMKO and all of its business chains 

uphold equality without discriminating against 

our employees with regard to their ethnics, 

religions, races, groups or genders.  

 

Being a labor-intensive industry operating mostly 

in developing and remote regions, forced labor 

and child labor are prominent risks faced by our 

industry. In Indonesia, the use of both forced labor 

and child labor are strictly prohibited by law. We 

have a strict policy against forced labor and child 

labor of any form in all of our operations. We 

oppose exploitation of children and ensure that all 

employees are in their productive age pursuant to 

government regulations, namely a minimum age 

of 18 years according to Law No. 13 of 2003, this 

is 

confirmed 

by 

the 

Standard 

Operating 

Procedure No. HR-02-01-R0-2015 in Recruitment 

and Selection.  

 

All our employees sign employment contracts 

voluntarily upon entry into the company to 

guarantee employee rights and we do not 

unlawfully withhold theirs’ wages or keep in our 

custody any important documents. We require 

work applicants to submit a copy of their family 

card and identity card for verification to ensure 

that they comply with government regulations on 

minimum working age. 

 

We align with all Indonesian regulations in our 

operations to ensure that there is no underage 

labor work in the Company. We have no reported 

forced labor and child labor incidences and 

continue 

to 

maintain 

all 

records 

of 

work 

applicants (family card and identity card). Our 

employees are encouraged to report any cases of 

forced or child labor that they experience or 

witness to our whistleblowing channel, which is 

administered by the Audit Committee. Any 

reports raised in good faith will be treated with 

the highest confidentiality and without any threat 

of retaliation. 

 

We give equal treatments to employees having 

diverse genders, ethnics, races, religions, and 

political affiliations. As with the plywood industry 

in general, gender diversity remains a great 

challenge for Sampoerna Kayoe. We operate in a 

sector 

whose 

employees 

are 

widely 

male 

dominated. About 28,69% of our workers in the 

corporate functions are women, contributing in 

both technical and managerial side of our 

operation, working in various fields within the 

organization.  

 

We remain committed to improve gender 

diversity across our organization and will 

continue reporting on our progress in our annual 

Sustainability Report.  

 

Sampoerna Kayoe is an equal opportunity 

employer. We ensure that each employee 

receives a fair reward based on their work 

experience, 

competence, 

workload, 

and 

performance. We ensure that wages are paid 

pursuant to the government regulations. In 

Indonesia, minimum wages are decided by the 

respective provincial governments whom then 

stipulate requirements of minimum wages by 

province and industry sector. We uphold human 

rights 

and 

the 

principle 

of 

equality 

in 

determining 

remunerations 

for 

employees. 

According to applicable laws and regulations, 

the work hours in Indonesia are 40 per week or 

seven hours per day for six workdays in a week 

and eight hours per day for five workdays in a 

week.  

 

The Freedom of Association and Collective 

Labor 

Agreement 

is 

guaranteed 

by 

the 

Company and any employee is free to join as a 

member of the labor union. This Collective Labor 

Agreement regulates the work relation between 

employees and the Company. In 2019, more than 

67% of employee are members of local labor 

unions in the Sulawesi region, an increase of 3% 

from last year’s number.  Overall more than 50% 

of our workers are registered members of local 

labor unions in all our assembly plants. Any 

significant 

changes 

in 

the 

Company’s 

organizational and operational structure is 

communicated to all employees by various 

means, namely: emails, letters, memo and placed 

on bulletin boards. 

 

 

 



Female Workers 

 

28,69% 

 

in our Corporate 

Functions 

 



Local Labor Union 

 

 &gt;67% 

 

In Sulawesi 

region 



All workers are 

free to exercise 

their right to form 

and/or join trade 

unions or to refrain 

from doing so and 

to bargain 

collectively 

 



Work 

Applicants 

 

100% 

 

family and 

identity card 

 


SAMKO TIMBER LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019   

 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



15 

Empowering People 

 

We see our workplace as the engine that keeps us 

running. We are aware of the vital role that our 

employees play in our success and sustainability, 

and we strive to be a fair and responsible 

employer. We recognize that our employees are 

our most valuable assets, so we organize training 

programs aimed at providing employees with 

important skills to achieve their career goals, and 

in turn, help us achieve our goals as a company.  

 

Training and educational programs conducted 

throughout 2019 included managerial skills, non-

technical skills, technical skills and functional skills. 

We are committed to providing various types of 

training to our employees as part of their 

development and in 2019 more than 77% of total 

employees received formal training.  Training on 

hard skills is available by appointment for ISO 

certifications, some professional licenses that are 

mandatory by regulations, and for other technical 

skills based on the site’s specific needs. 

 

We recognize that character and competency are 

factors that drive business growth. This year in 

particular, 

we 

focused 

on 

soft 

skills 

and 

managerial skills for leaders in the organization as 

an initiative to strengthen our leaders’ capabilities, 

to both produce optimum results and enhance 

effective teamwork across all divisions.  

 

A total duration of +/- 3,696 training hours were 

deployed in 2019. SK-LEAP (Sampoerna Kayoe 

Leadership Acceleration Program) workshops 

were given to our second batch of managers. 

Outward Mindset for Leaders and Situational 

Leadership Training were also given to our top 

talents 

as 

part 

of 

this 

year’s 

leadership 

development agenda.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We regularly and consistently conduct employee 

performance assessments. Every employee has 

goals and performance indicators to be reviewed 

periodically. The aim is to evaluate our employees’ 

performance, give feedback for self-development 

to set future goals, and to identify relevant training 

in order to improve employee performance.  

 

OUR SIX LEADERSHIP QUALITIES 

 

 

SPEAK THE TRUTH 

Open and honest with everyone and 

value diverse perspectives and debate 

 

 

BE DECISIVE 

Align and prioritize actions to drive 

results everyday 

 

 

ACHIEVE RESULTS 

Accountable to exceed short-term and 

long-term expectations 

 

 

CUSTIMER FOCUS 

Understand and anticipate customer’s 

needs and drive innovation for their 

benefit 

 

 

IMPROVE EVERYTHING 

Reach across boundaries for new ideas to 

improve our business 

 

 

DEVELOP SKILLS 

Accountable for the strength and 

diversity of others and own 

development 

 

Our management system covers several aspects 

such 

as 

excellent 

system 

recruitment, 

management 

of 

employee 

composition 

in 

accordance with business needs, HR programs 

such as awards, remuneration and sanctions, as 

well as training and competency development on 

a regular basis.  

 

We treat every employee in a fair and equal 

manner regardless of their background, ethnicity, 

religion or race. All policies, guidelines and 

company rules are universally applicable to all 

position levels to facilitate building a corporation 

based on integrity, transparency, and professional 

behavior. We give the same opportunities for 

everyone in terms of career path. Every employee 

has equal rights in career achievement and optimal 

self-actualization. 

 

 

 

 

 















We always give 100% regular performance review for our employees 



2018 

100% 



2019 

100% 



2018 

&gt; 62% 



2019 

&gt; 77% 



Percentage of total employees 

receiving training  



2018 

94,1 



2019 

&gt; 289 



Average training hours per 

100 employees 


SAMKO TIMBER LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019   

 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



16 

Operational Acceleration Program 2019 

 

Our Management Trainee program has developed since it was first launched last year. In 2018, the 

program was focused on molding our best talents into future Sampoerna Kayoe Leaders specifically for 

the operational side of the business. This year we broadened the program and welcomed new talents 

from various educational backgrounds and placed them in our commercial, log procurement and 

strategic divisions. We want to strengthen our organization capabilities on every aspect by acquiring 

talents with diverse perspectives and understanding of the business. 

 

2019 marked the second year of our Operational Acceleration Program. Our Trainees have embarked to 

the next stage of program, requiring a more in-depth interpersonal and managerial skills to accomplish 

organization goals. The trainees were given additional roles to exercise their leadership abilities and 

adaptabilities in dealing with larger audiences. They have been given projects that reflect current issues 

and obstacles the organization is facing, and work through the potential solutions together. Several of 

our Trainees have proven their excellent capabilities in handling both the technical and managerial side 

of the role, bringing fresh and effective approaches that also resonates with Management’s expectations. 

They have been deployed into Head Production roles and crucial roles in this industry such as Strategic, 

PPIC, QC etc. while still receiving regular mentoring and training sessions.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

76% of our total employees received seasonal and regular 

trainings throughout 2019. Emphasizes of trainings vary on 

different managerial levels, with topics ranging from Advanced 

Leadership, Business Framework, Interpersonal Skill to Technical 

Skill Certifications. 



“I joined Sampoerna Kayoe’s Operation Acceleration Program in June 2018 and it has 

been a meaningful journey and experience thus far. The program is designed to 

enhance our technical and leadership skill in tiered as we will assume bigger role and 

responsibilities as we go on to the program. For the first couple months in our SGS 

Balaraja plant, I learned about the Plywood Production business from its planning, 

production, quality control and inventory. The intricate plywood production process 

provoked my curiosity to deep dive into the veneer core process – the principal 

material in plywood production.  

 

When we discuss about the operation, it is inevitably related to overall organization 

goals and target. That has encouraged me to be more aware about the business side 

of the company. I learned that in order to achieve our goals, we can’t solely focus on 

production only but we have to take in other important aspects as well such as clear 

communication, impactful leadership, and optimized processes. As I step up the ladder 

of the trainee program, I learned that it takes a good balance between technical and 

managerial skill to drive up our achievements. 

 

On the second year of my trainee program, I have been appointed to be the Head 

Veneer Plant Factory in our Banyumas Plant. I am honored and thrilled to face new 

challenges that come with the role. I now have to learn more on the broader picture 

of the business, learning how to manage, plan, implement, decide and evaluate all 

processes that is occurring in the plant. I received a lot of input and advice from my 

Mentor and Seniors from the trainee program that have helped me to ground my 

action into the role I am trusted with. I believe our Operation Acceleration Program is 

a breakthrough trainee program that gives fresh graduates great opportunities to 

both learn and apply real working and decision-making experience in the industry.” 

 

M. Andri Perkasa 

OAP Trainee SGS Balaraja, 2nd Year 





OAP More Precious Than Gold – In House Training, 

June 2019 



OAP Sharing Session with Alumni, we discussed with SK trainee alumni on their past trainee experiences 

and what are the traits needed to succeed in the corporate world November 2019 


SAMKO TIMBER LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019   

 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



17 

Occupational Health and Safety 

 

We implement a policy on Environment, Safety 

and Health at work through the implementation of 

Kesehatan dan Keselamatan Kerja (K3) programs 

as a concrete way to improve the safety of 

employees, prevent accidents in the workplace 

and work-related diseases for employees and 

parties involved in the work process in the 

Company. This commitment is also presented in 

the Collective Labor Agreement by mentioning 

articles on Safety and Health at Work. We comply 

with 

laws 

and 

government 

regulations 

on 

manpower by paying competitive wages to 

employees. 

 

Occupational 

Health 

and 

Safety 

(OHS) 

procedures are implemented in each of our plants. 

The appropriate implementation of the OHS 

practices, in turn, ensures the best possible 

performance of the Company’s employees. To 

ensure worker safety in each unit and to create a 

safe work environment, the Company provides 

facilities, tools and Personal Protective Equipment 

(PPE) that complies with OHS standards. 

 

To ensure worker safety in each unit and to create 

a safe working environment, the Company 

provides Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) 

that complies with OHS standards. PPE includes 

masks, gloves, and protective glasses. Regular 

checks are done to ensure the adequacy of PPE at 

each subsidiary, requiring all employees who work 

in high risk areas to wear PPE. SAMKO respects 

the employees’ right to refuse to perform certain 

work that does not come under OHS standards or 

if there is no required PPE available on the site. 

 

We provide our employees with basic benefits 

such as: Health Insurance, BPJS Kesehatan 

(Government 

Health 

Security), 

BPJS 

Ketenagakerjaan (Government National Social 

Security), pension fund for permanent employees, 

maternity leave and childbirth benefits.  

 

To improve employee’s compliance with OHS 

practices, the Company holds regular seminars, 

deploying promotional strategies to educate its 

employees about the importance of OHS. During 

the year of 2019, we started the initiatives to 

maintain and develop OHS management in all our 

plants. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Fatalities 

 0 

 

Zero fatalities in 

our operations 

 





Sick Leave Rate 

 1.61 

 

days per 100 

employees 



Injury Rate 

 6.17 

 

Cases per 200 

employees 

 



Clean factories as a work culture of all lines of employees to 

create a work environment that supports productivity and 

healthy 





Coordination meeting of all plants to standardize vision and mission 






SAMKO TIMBER LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019   

 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



18 

Local Community Engagement 

 

Our belief in a sustainable future exists in all 

aspects of our production system, including the 

place where all of our product comes from. 

Replanting is an important part of our sustainable 

log sourcing process. Since 2001, Sampoerna 

Kayoe has supported the replantation of more 

than sixty-nine million trees all over Indonesia to 

foster a green culture. Encouraging community 

farmers to plant falcata timber has also put us in 

synergy 

with 

the 

Indonesian 

government’s 

program to boost the economic potential of the 

nation’s community forest. 

 

The welfare of the communities around the areas 

of the Company’s operations and environmental 

sustainability form a part of the Company’s 

product 

development 

and 

business 

growth 

strategy. We are committed to benefiting the 

community and the environment around the 

Company’s operations areas. 

 

Our business model comprises of numerous local 

operations that are widely dispersed around 

Indonesia. This model aims, among others, to 

facilitate collaboration with local communities and 

governments. Each factory is considered a local 

business and an integral part of the local 

economy. 

We 

recognize 

that 

growth 

and 

sustainability can only be achieved by working 

alongside the local communities in which we 

operate in. We can do little on our own, but we 

can achieve so much more by forming mutually 

beneficial partnerships with them.  

 

  

CSR Programs help maintain and enhance our 

social license to operate. We see our role in 

fostering sustainable independence of the local 

communities by improving their living conditions 

and skillsets. Our factories distribute seeds and 

provide training to smallholder farms, increasing 

their 

business 

capabilities 

and 

business 

opportunities. We prioritize locals during staff 

recruitment to work at our factories.  During 2019, 

more than 79% of our new recruits comes from 

local facilities area. Through the RBK Program, we 

outsource some manufacturing processes to home 

businesses, while providing training and including 

the workers in insurance coverage. We also 

outsource repairs to part-time workers that do not 

qualify for full-time, formal employment. We 

believe that the community will be the first to help 

us in any difficulties, because they are closest to 

our plant sites. In return, we try to provide support 

to communities based on their needs.  

 

We do this through the following initiatives: 

a) Contributing 

free 

seedlings 

to 

local 

communities to foster a green culture; 

b) Offering scholarships to more than 20 of the 

best performing students (from elementary to 

high school students) and offering school fees 

support for low income families; 

c) Contributing to the construction of public 

facilities, including mosques, churches, health 

clinics, and roads in the vicinity of our factories; 

d) Contributing funds or parcels of religious 

offerings to low income families during festive 

periods such as Hari Raya Idul Fitri and Hari 

Raya Idul Adha; 

e) Partnering with local communities to reuse and 

recycle wood wastes; and 

f) Supporting various social activities conducted 

surrounding our factories. 

 

At Sampoerna Kayoe, we believe in possibilities, 

we also believe in the need to break the limits that 

surround them. And this is exactly what we do. 

From the forest where our timber comes from to 

the projects that utilize them, this spirit will always 

exist. Enabling us to break limitations and turn 

possibilities into reality. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 








SAMKO TIMBER LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019   

 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



19 

Empowering our Educators 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

As part of our commitment in giving back to the community, SGS Luwu have regularly donate and 

subsidize wages for teachers in local schools in Palopo. This initiative is taken as we believe how 

educators’ welfare will impact the quality of learning received by the students. Aside from regular 

financial aid, SGS Palopo also scheduled in a self-development training; “Workshop Leaders 

Transformation for Teachers in Palopo” in July 2019. 16 teachers representing schools in Palopo - from 

Kindergarten to Middle School, participated in a two days workshop facilitated by Sampoerna Kayoe 

internal trainers, with the purpose of enhancing leadership and thinking process quality in teaching 

environment. We hope that these facilitations can provide better support for our professional 

educators in forming more qualified next generation leaders from local community. 

 

-0o0- 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




SAMKO TIMBER LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019   

 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



20 

GRI Standards Content Index 

 

 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Page No. 

General Disclosures 

GRI 102: 

General 

disclosures 

2016 

Organizational profile 

 

102-1 

Name of the organization 

3 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products, 

and services 

3 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

3 

102-4 

Location of operations 

3 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

3 

102-6 

Markets served 

3-4 

102-7 

Scale of the organization 

3-4 

102-8 

Information on employees and 

other workers 

3; Please refer our Annual Report for more details  

102-9 

Supply chain 

6 

102-10 

Significant changes to the 

organization and its supply 

chain 

6-7; Please refer our Annual Report for more details 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or 

approach 

7 

102-12 

External initiatives 

11; Please refer our Annual Report for more details 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

11; Please refer our Annual Report for more details 

Strategy  

 

102-14 

Statement from senior 

decision-maker 

2 

Ethics and integrity 

 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms 

of behavior 

2 

Governance 

 

102-18 

Governance structure 

7 

Stakeholder engagement 

 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

5 

102-41 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

14 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

5 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

5 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

6 

Reporting practice 

 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Please refer to our Financial 

Statements 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic Boundaries 

3, 7 

102-47 

List of material topics 

6 

102-48 

Restatements of information 

Not applicable 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable 

102-50 

Reporting period 

7 

102-51 

Date of most recent report 

7 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

7 

102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

7 

102-55 

GRI content index 

20-21 

102-56 

External assurance 

No external assurance 

Ethical Business Conduct 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary 

5-7 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

5-7,9 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

8-9 

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risk related to corruption 

9 

Research and Development 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary 

5-7 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

5-7,10 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

8,10 

Non-GRI 

 

Increase percentage of Research and 

Development projects plan 

10 


SAMKO TIMBER LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019   

 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



21 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Legality and Sustainability Certifications 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary 

5-7 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

5-7,11 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

8, 11 

Non-GRI 

 

Maintain legality and sustainability certification 

requirements during the reporting year 

11 

Sustainable Sourcing 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary 

5-7 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

5-7,12 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

8,12 

GRI 308: 

Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment 

308-1 

New suppliers that were screen using 

environmental criteria 

 

12 

Waste Management 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary 

5-7 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

5-7,13 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

8,13 

GRI 306: 

Effluents and 

Waste 2016 

306-1 

Waste by type and disposal method 

13 

Child Labor &amp; Compulsory Labor 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary 

5-7 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

5-7,14 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

8,14 

GRI 408: Child 

Labor 2016 

408-1 

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 

incidents of child labor 

14 

GRI 409:  

Forced or 

Compulsory 

Labor 2016 

409-1 

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 

incidents of forced or compulsory labor 

 

14 

Empowering People 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary 

5-7 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

5-7,15-16 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

8,15-16 

GRI 404: 

Training and 

Education 

2016 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employee 

15 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programs 

16 

404-3 

 

Percentage of employees receiving regular 

performance and career development reviews 

15 

Occupational Health and Safety 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary 

5-7 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

5-7,17 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

8,17 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety 2016 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number 

of work-related fatalities 

 

 

17 

Local  Community Engagement 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016 

103-1 

Explanation of the material topic and its 

boundary 

5-7 

103-2 

The management approach and its components 

5-7,18 

103-3 

Evaluation of the management approach 

8,18 

GRI 413: Local 

Communities 

2016 

413-1 

Operations with local community engagement, 

impact assessments, and development programs 

 

8,18-19 


SAMKO TIMBER LIMITED  

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019   

 

UNLIMIT POSSIBILITIES 



22 

 

 

 



 

SAMKO TIMBER LIMITED 

 

7500A Beach Road, #08-305/307 The Plaza, Singapore 199591 

Tel: (65) 6298 2189 | Fax: (65) 6298 2187 

www.sampoernakayoe.co.id 

