
 

 




 

 



 







Our Sustainability Strategy ................................................................................................................. 3 

Vision ............................................................................................................................................... 3 

Values .............................................................................................................................................. 3 





Sustainability Governance and Principles ........................................................................................... 5 

Stakeholders’ Engagement ................................................................................................................. 6 

Identifying Material Sustainability Topics ........................................................................................... 7 

Identifying Material Sustainability Topics ........................................................................................... 8 

Economic Performance ....................................................................................................................... 9 

Energy Management ......................................................................................................................... 11 

Water Management .......................................................................................................................... 11 

Occupational Health and Safety ....................................................................................................... 12 

Training and education ..................................................................................................................... 13 



 

 

This sustainability report has been prepared by Samurai 2K and its contents have been reviewed by the Company’s 

Sponsor, UOB Kay Hian Private Limited (the “Sponsor”), for compliance with the relevant rules of the Singapore 

Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”). The Sponsor had not independently verified the contents of this 

sustainability report. 

This sustainability report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes no 

responsibility for the contents of this sustainability report including the accuracy, completeness or correctness of any 

information, statements or opinions made or reports contained in this sustainability report. 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr Gregory Wee Toon Lee, Assistant Vice President at 8 Anthony Road, #01-01, 

Singapore 229957, and telephone (65) 6590 6881. 


1 

 



 

Standing from left: Mr Sia Yeak Hong, Dato’ Loh Shin Sing, Mr Hau Hock Khun and Dato’ Chang Chor Choong. 

Sitting from left: Mr Lim Siang Kai Mr Ong Yoke En and Ms Lim Lay Yong 

 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Samurai 2K Aerosol Limited (“Samurai 2K”, and together with 

its subsidiaries, the “Group”) are pleased to present our sustainability report for the financial year 

ended 31 March 2018 (“FY2018”).  

As one of the leading aerosol coating specialist, we provide high-performance coating solutions for 

the automotive refinishing and refurbishing industry and we are cognizant that sustainability means 

more than just financial accountability; it’s also the story of our progress towards tracking and 

achieving our environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) goals.  

Sustainability guides the way our business is conducted and as demonstrated in our vision, “We 

change the aerosol; aerosol changes the world”, we strive to continually improve the economic and 

social well-being of our stakeholders by incorporating key sustainability issues and principles within 

our business operations.  

Our Board oversees the identification and management of risk and opportunities surrounding 

sustainability issues and how it has been embedded as part of our business and operational strategy. 

To stay relevant in today’s dynamic business environment and new challenges, our Board will seek 

new perspectives in managing and overseeing our key ESG factors as we embark on our sustainability 

journey. 

 

 

 

Sincerely, 

Board of Directors 




2 

 

About This Report  

This report focuses on the evaluation of Samurai 2K’s business performance in terms of economic, 

environmental, social and governance aspects. In preparation for this report, we have considered 

material sustainability issues and strategies which consequently optimise our business growth.  

This is an inaugural report by Samurai 2K and it is prepared in accordance with the Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Rules – Sustainability Reporting guide (the “SGX 

Sustainability Reporting Guide”) and with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) 

Standards 2016: Core Option, which is a well-known and globally recognised sustainability reporting 

framework and its reporting principles. We have chosen to adopt the GRI Sustainability Reporting 

Standards as it is the most widely accepted global framework for voluntary corporate reporting of 

environmental and social performance.   

Unless otherwise stated, this report covers the period from 1 April 2017 to 31 March 2018 for our 

operations in Singapore and Malaysia. We have not sought external assurance for this report and we 

may consider doing so in future annual sustainability reports.  

For any suggestions, comments, and enquiry related to this report, kindly contact our headquarters at 

(60)7-510 3188. Our headquarters is located at 4 Jalan Dato’ Yunus 1, Taman Perindustrian Dato Yunus 

Sulaiman, Lima Kedai 81120 Skudai, Johor, Malaysia.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




3 

 



Samurai 2K was established in 1997 by our founder, Mr. Ong Yoke En. We are a leading aerosol coating 

specialist with a focus on high performance coating solutions with advanced technology for the 

automotive refinishing and refurbishing industry under our own brands, including “Samurai”, 

“Kurobushi”, “Khameleon”, “Canbrush”, “Ninjutsu”, “Geiji”, “CanArt” and “Bushido”. We are 

principally engaged in the manufacturing, distribution, and marketing of our products under our own 

brands. Samurai 2K was listed in Catalist of the SGX-ST in 2017.  

We have developed an aerosol container system with patented technology which allows the hardener 

and paints solution to be mixed together which is called “2K system” aerosol spray paint. 

Our headquarters is located in Malaysia where our products are manufactured in our production 

facility located in Johor, and are distributed to countries including Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand, 

Philippines, Vietnam, Cambodia, United Kingdom, United States of America and Singapore. There are 

more than 200 employees in Samurai 2K across the production facility and headquarters.  

Our vision and strategy are built based on the ambitions outlined for ourselves. We are determined 

and motivated to sustain our long-term goals and drive a positive change across the industry. 

Vision 

Samurai 2K’s vision is to lead the change towards circular and renewable aerosol coating products 

while adapting to global evolution.  We change aerosol, aerosol change the world.  

Mission 

I can’t believe the world without Samurai Paint. 

Values 

 

 

Innovation

We embark on a new 

journey of growth



Empower individuals

We believe in people and 

their dreams



Integrity

We practice with integrity 

and honesty



Communication

We practice open, real 

communication




4 

 



 

Samurai 2K manufactures innovative aerosol sprays with patented technology at a great price in a 

sustainable way. Our value chain describes the full sequence of processes involved in the production 

of all products, from production ideation to customer use and we are responsible to ensure this run 

both efficiently and effectively.  

Our value chain does not operate in isolation and we run a vast network worldwide. Our products are 

distributed worldwide, which is connected to countless people, communities, ecosystems and other 

businesses around the world.  

To continuously maximise our efficiency and impacts along our value chain, we need to tap on 

expansion opportunities across our business processes. We achieve this by leveraging on our market 

size and catalyse changes which will improve the operations of our existing value chain.  

For many years, we have worked hard to forge strong, long-term relationships with our suppliers, 

distributors, and wholesalers who are crucial to our success. We have several suppliers who have 

supplied us for more than a decade and they underwent our stringent pre-selection assessments to 

ensure the quality of products supplied. Our sustainability efforts include sourcing for environmental-

friendly suppliers, preferably based locally in Malaysia, to reduce any greenhouse gas emissions from 

transportation, and those that supply recycled materials.  

 

 




5 

 



 

Sustainability Governance and Principles  

 

 

At Samurai 2K, the sustainability governance structure is designed to identify and execute 

sustainability initiatives within our business processes. The Board together with relevant Heads of 

Department form the ESG Strategy Group.  

The Board comprises Non-Executive Chairman, Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors, and 

Independent Directors. They would evaluate key performance indicators, review long-term business 

and organisational goals and thus, provide strategic direction for Samurai 2K’s sustainability practices. 

In formulating our sustainability strategy, we reviewed material ESG factors, collated and assessed 

data, goals, and targets and identified sustainability risks and opportunities.  

The Sustainability Committee comprises senior management and Heads of Department who monitor 

and manage our sustainability practices and update the Board of material development.  

 

Board

•Oversees and manages the direction, approach and performance of 

Samurai 2K's sustainability

Sustainability 

Committee

•Comprised of senior management personnel and Heads of Department 

who manage and are responsible for our sustainability practices and keep 

the Board updated on material developments






6 

 



Stakeholders’ Engagement 

Our sustainability approach mirrors our business approach to balancing business growth and ensuring 

stability. In building sustainable value for our stakeholders, we consider their expectations through 

our regular engagements with them. Please refer to Table I for details of our approach to stakeholders’ 

engagement.  

Table I: Our Approach on Stakeholders’ Engagement 

Stakeholder 

Mode of Engagement 

Stakeholder Expectation 

Customers 

Face-to-face dialogue, 

customer service organization, 

social media platforms, 

workshops, and exhibitions  

Good quality of services and 

products, after-sales services, 

fair purchasing practices  

Suppliers  

Close relations and constant 

dialogues with our business 

partners through our local 

presence with offices in all 

production locations, supplier 

management systems and 

supplier surveys 

Compliance with terms and 

conditions of purchasing 

policies and procedures, 

maintain ethical standards 

Workers employed in 

respective business entities 

Orientation programs, 

employees training, and 

interviews 

Foreign workers’ rights, 

employers’ placement, child 

workers’ policy 

Employees 

 

 

Induction and orientation 

programs, staff appraisals, 

dialogue sessions with 

management, regular 

individual performance 

reviews, day-to-day leadership 

and teamwork 

Staff rights and welfare, 

personal development, good 

working environment  

Shareholders 

Annual General Meeting, 

Annual reports, individual 

meetings and calls, external 

meetings, conference and 

circulars to shareholders 

Profitability transparency, 

timely reporting, fair 

purchasing practices  

Business Partners  

Regular meetings and 

discussions 

Partnership for opportunities 

and growth  

Government and regulators 

Discussions with government 

agencies and departments 

Environmental-friendly 

business approach, compliance 

with regulations, timely 

reporting and resolution of 

issues 

 

 

 


7 

 



Identifying Material Sustainability Topics 

Through the respective modes of stakeholder engagement (see Table 1), we have collated and 

shortlisted ESG topics which have been identified as material to them. Five material ESG topics were 

identified and would be discussed further in this report. Details of the ESG topics would be provided 

in Table 2: List of material ESG topics.  

For future sustainability reporting, we will re-evaluate and review our material ESG topics with our 

stakeholders to ensure their relevance to us and Compliance with GRI. 

Table 2: List of material ESG topics 

No GRI Standards 

Topics 

Description 

Reference 

Commitments &amp; 

Targets 

1 

GRI 200: 

Economic 

Economic 

Performance 

Our economic 

performance, the 

value generated 

and distributed to 

communities 

where our business 

operates. 

 

Annual 

Report 2018 – 

Operation &amp; 

Financial 

Review Page 

3 

 

Sustainability 

Report 2018 

Page 9 

To increase 

revenue and sales 

volume by 

increasing our 

range of innovative 

products in short to 

medium term.  

2 

GRI 200: 

Economic 

Anti-

corruption 

Our practices to 

comply with anti-

corruption law and 

regulations and to 

demonstrate our 

adherence to 

integrity, 

governance, and 

responsible 

business practices. 

 

Sustainability 

Report 2018 

Page 10 

Continue to comply 

with anti-

corruption law and 

regulations 

3 

GRI 300: 

Environmental 

Energy and 

Water 

Management 

Apply to the 

production of 

aerosol container 

system which has a 

direct impact on 

the environment. 

 

Sustainability 

Report 2018 

Page 11 

Establish and 

maintain guidelines 

on energy and 

water conservation 

measures.  

4 

GRI 400: Social 

Occupational 

Health and  

Safety 

Our measures in 

place to ensure 

that our employees 

are in a safe and 

secure working 

environment.  

 

 

Sustainability 

Report 2018 

Page 12 

To maintain zero 

fatal accidents and 

responsible to 

monitor the 

workplace to 

provide a safe 

working 

environment for all 

employees. 


8 

 

 



Identifying Material Sustainability Topics 

No 

GRI Standards 

Topics 

Description 

Reference 

Commitments &amp; 

Targets 

5 

GRI 400: 

Social 

Training and 

Education 

Our approach 

ensuring all 

employees are 

trained and 

enhance their 

skillsets. 

Performance 

and career 

development 

reviews to 

facilitate 

continued 

employability 

are issues of 

interest to our 

stakeholders. 

 

Sustainability 

Report 2018 Page 

13 

To ensure all 

employees are 

regularly 

equipped and 

trained  to 

understand the 

production 

processes of 

aerosol sprays 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


9 

 



Economic Performance  

Samurai 2K believes that it is critical to focus on financial sustainability. Samurai 2K’s basic principle is 

to bring forth long-term profitability and shareholder’s value is ensured by taking into account the 

interest of all stakeholders such as employees, suppliers, and investors as a whole. 

We are delighted to announce the revenue growth by approximately RM50.7 million from FY 2017 to 

FY2018. The revenue contribution in terms of the geographical segment was mainly from Indonesia 

and Malaysia of which grew by 223.5% and 35.9% respectively. In addition, an increase in the revenue 

was mainly due to increase in sales volume from our key markets namely, Indonesia, Malaysia, 

Thailand, Vietnam, and Philippines. 

Strong corporate governance policies and practices and continuous support from the stakeholders 

creates business value that is sustainable in the long run. As one of the leading market players in the 

automotive refinishing and refurnishing industry with an established retail track record, we are 

working towards growing and expanding our presence regionally and globally. We are also looking 

forward to expand our product range and meet the challenging demand of our end-users. Samurai 2K 

will seek opportunities in the near future to expand our business locally and globally through 

acquisitions, joint ventures or strategic alliances. Such acquisitions could bring about greater 

economies of scales and product impetus for future growth. 

.  

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our FY2018 Annual Report: 

 

Operations and financial review, page 3 

 

Consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, page 46 

 

Statement of financial position, page 47 

 

Consolidated statement of changes in equity, page 48 – 50 

 

Consolidated statement of cash flows, page 51 

























30,624

39,350

90,014

12,298

17,765

38,673

0

20,000

40,000

60,000

80,000

100,000

FY2016

FY2017

FY2018

RM'000

REVENUE AND GROSS PROFIT



Revenue (RM'000)



Gross Profit (RM'000)

Expon. (Revenue (RM'000))

Expon. (Gross Profit (RM'000))


10 

 



Anti-corruption

 

 

Samurai 2K is committed to uphold integrity and maintain high standards of business conduct to 

safeguard the interests of its stakeholders. Any malpractices of corruption and bribery are strictly 

prohibited within Samurai 2K and such cases will be identified and penalised. We maintain a strict 

policy and procedures towards corruption and dishonesty which are in compliance with anti-

compliance and anti-fraud laws. 

Samurai 2K has placed heavy emphasis on ethical business conduct on all employees and they are 

expected to conduct themselves in accordance with the expectations set out in the code of conduct. 

Samurai 2K will take a series of actions such as formal disciplinary proceedings in view of unethical 

conduct or malpractice in relation to corruption or fraud. This moral code will enhance our business 

relationships and our corporate social responsibility. 

Whistleblowing Policy 

Samurai 2K is committed to conducting business with high standards of corporate governance and 

professionalism. In line with this commitment, Samurai 2K has established a whistle-blowing policy 

which provides a channel for our employees/workers to report any suspicious incidents on corruption 

and/or any form of misconduct by any employees/workers to the Audit Committee, in good faith and 

in confidence. The Audit Committee reports to the Board on such matters at the Board meetings. 

Thereafter, the Audit Committee will make necessary arrangements for any investigation of matters 

raised and for any follow-up actions to be taken. 

During FY2018, there was no whistleblowing report received against bribery and corruption in our 

business dealings with suppliers, dishonest practices or other improprieties in the workplace. 

Moving forward, Samurai 2K seeks to continue adhering to the whistleblowing policy and code of 

conduct. We ensure that the directors, management, and employees refrain from involvement in 

corrupt activities such as acceptance or giving of bribes. 

 




11 

 







Energy Management  

Environmental conservation such as reduction of energy used during our manufacturing processes 

forms an integral part of Samurai 2K’s sustainability journey.  Samurai 2K introduced a formalised 

approach towards managing energy usage in our production plant located at Johor, Malaysia.  

Throughout the years, Samurai 2K made efforts to spread awareness and encourage employees to 

adopt good energy saving habits such as reminders to ensure that lights and power points are switched 

off when they are not in use.  

Going forward, we will organise talks to create awareness about going green and energy saving tips 

for all employees and workers in Samurai 2K. We are committed to identifying and implementing 

energy conservation measures to reduce energy use in the manufacturing of our products.  

Waste Management 

Samurai 2K has research and development and manufacturing activities which involve the use of 

controlled hazardous materials namely, resins, pigments, additives, solvents, and propellants. We may 

produce hazardous byproducts as part of our production processes. As such, waste management is 

one of the key measures in preventing pollution of the environment. 

We adopted environmentally friendly methods into our manufacturing processes. Our practice of 

recycling solvents reduces the waste produced and total waste will be disposed of through panel 

waste agents appointed by Iskandar Puteri City Council. 

Samurai 2K has also diligently complied with the Environmental Quality (Prescribed Conveyance) 

(Scheduled Wastes) Order 2005 established by Malaysia Environmental Quality Council. In addition to 

compliance with Environmental Quality Regulation, we have strictly adhered to Malaysia’s 

environmental law. In FY2018, there is no reported incident of violation of any environmental laws.  

Moving forward, our goal includes a continuous assessment of our waste management measures such 

as recycling our aerosol containers and target to maintain zero incident of violation of any 

environmental laws. 

 


12 

 



Occupational Health and Safety  

Our employees’ safety and health at the workplace is one of our top priorities, and our ultimate goal 

is to ensure zero fatal accidents. We are committed to monitor and reduce any safety and health risks 

through effective risk mitigation management.  

We have established a conducive and appropriate working environment for our employees at our 

principal place of business and are pleased to confirm that zero fatal accidents were reported in 

FY2018. The formation of a Health and Safety Committee in the principal place of business supervises 

and ensures that all workplace health and safety are strictly adhered to. The committee members 

performed their due diligence to report any hazardous activities to the head of the committee and 

ensuring the safety of the employees. The committee has conducted emergency evacuation exercises 

for all employees to raise their awareness and familiarise with emergency evacuation procedures.   

Samurai 2K is in compliance with the requirements set out in the Malaysia Occupational Safe and 

Health Regulations 1996, implemented by the Department of Occupational Health and Safety (DOSH). 

This regulation sets out the general duties of the employees and liability of offenses committed by the 

body corporate and/or trade union. We understand that DOSH will conduct random inspections and 

financial penalties will be imposed on us for breaches and non-compliance. In FY2018, we have not 

received any penalty notice issued by Department of Occupational Safety and Health (DOSH), a 

department under Malaysia Ministry of Human Resources, in respect of non-compliance with the 

Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA). 

Our Health and Safety Committee is responsible for monitoring and ensuring a safe working 

environment in the operational department in the long run. There will be frequent meetings 

conducted within the committee to discuss matters such as workplace hazards and safe work practices. 

Operational training programs will be conducted on a regular basis, covering safety aspects related to 

a specific tasks. Safety briefings will be conducted every morning at the production facility located in 

Johor to refresh employees’ knowledge on workplace safety and regular safety checks will be 

conducted before commencement.  

Occupational Health and Safety measures include: 

 

 

 

 

Moving forward, Samurai 2K will continue to work towards attaining zero workplace incidents and no 

penalties or fines on breaches and non-compliance by DOSH. 

 







Conduct regular risk assessment on production of aerosol container system 

Allocate safety supervisors to conduct regular workplace inspections as well as 

equipment checks 

Improve the competency of our employees and cultivating good health and safety 

practices through proper training and effectively communicate health and safety 

matters to all employees 


13 

 



Training and education  

Samurai 2K believes that an engaged and motivated workforce is key to achieving cohesiveness and 

high performance from the employees. Hence, our Human Resource (“HR”) policies and training 

initiatives are in place to promote our employees’ professional development to stay relevant and 

competitive in this rapidly evolving market.  

Samurai 2K ensures that performance expectations, as well as results, are clearly communicated 

through an annual formal performance appraisal process. Management also encourages supervisors 

to provide feedback to their subordinates on a regular basis such that any training and development 

needs can be identified and addressed in a timely manner.  

Management will regularly send their employees for trainings which are in line with their core 

competencies such as technical skills, business organisations and/or communication.  

In FY2018, we have clocked over 806 hours in training and development for all employees, this 

translates to an average of 6.44 training hours per employee.  

In FY2019, Samurai 2K will introduce more training programs prepared by well-known speakers, new 

business showcases and short courses. We target to clock in more than 8 training hours per employee 

in order to keep abreast of the latest industry developments. 

Average training hours per 

employee by gender 

FY2018 

FY2017 

Male 

6.54 

8.62 

Female 

6.37 

5.94 

 

Average training hours by employee category in  

FY2018 

FY2017 

Staff (e.g. associate) 

6.06 

6.83 

Middle Management 

7.70 

- 

Senior management 

6.06 

- 

 




14 

 



GRI Standard/ Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if applicable 

102-1 Name of the organisation  

1 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

3 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

3 

102-4 Location of operations 

3 

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

3 

102-6 Markets served 

3 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

3 

102-8 Information on employees and other workers  

3 

102-9 Supply chain  

4 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain 

Not Applicable 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

5 

102-12 External initiatives  

Not Applicable  

102-13 Membership of associations 

Not Applicable 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

1 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

3  

102-18 Governance structure 

5 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

6 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

Not Applicable 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

6 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

6 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

7 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Annual Report 2018: Page 46-51 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

2 

102-47 List of material topics 

7-8 

102-48 Restatements of information 

Not applicable as it is our first SR 

102-49 Changes in reporting 

Not applicable as it is our first SR 

102-50 Reporting period 

2 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

Not applicable as it is our first SR 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

2 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

2 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 

2 

102-55 GRI content index 

14 &amp; 15 

102-56 External assurance 

2 

103-1 Explanation of the material topics and its Boundary 

7-8 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

9-13 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

9-13 

201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed  

9 

Annual Report 2018: Page 3 and 46-51 

205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

10 

205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies 

and procedures  

10 

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 

10 

307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations 

11 

403-1 Workers representation in formal joint management-worker 

health and safety committees  

12 

404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee 

13 


15 

 



GRI Standard/ Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if applicable 

404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 

assistance programs 

13 

404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance 

and career development reviews 

13 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SAMURAI 2K is not only selling paint, but more importantly we introduce a living lifestyle 

that is more unique, creative and enjoyable 

SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED(Company Registration No. 201606168C) 

 133,North Bridge Road, #09-03 Chinatown Point, Singapore 059413 

Tel: +65 6273 3711 Fax: +65 6273 0592 

www.samurai2kaerosol.com 



