
 




 

 

Table of Contents 

Board’s Messsage ......................................................................................................................... 1 

About This Report  ........................................................................................................................ 2 

Who We Are ................................................................................................................................. 3 

Our Value Chain ............................................................................................................................ 4 

Our Sustainability Approach ......................................................................................................... 5 

Sustainability Governance and Principles  ...................................................................................... 5 

Stakeholders’ Engagement  ........................................................................................................... 6  

Identifying Material Topics  ........................................................................................................... 7 

Material Sustainability Topics ....................................................................................................... 9 

Economic Performance .................................................................................................................. 9  

Anti-Corruption ........................................................................................................................... 11  

Energy and Water Management .................................................................................................. 12 

Waste Management .................................................................................................................... 13 

Environmental Compliance .......................................................................................................... 13 

Training and Education  ............................................................................................................... 14 

Diversity and Equal Opportunities  ............................................................................................... 16 

Occupational Health and Safety ................................................................................................... 17 

Customer Health and Safety  ....................................................................................................... 19 

GRI Content Index  ...................................................................................................................... 21 

 

This sustainability report has been prepared by Samurai 2K Aerosol Limited (the “Company”) and its contents have 

been reviewed by UOB Kay Hian Private Limited (the “Sponsor”), for compliance with the relevant rules of the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist. 

This sustainability report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility 

for the contents of this sustainability report, including the accuracy, completeness or correctness of any information, 

statements or opinions made or reports contained in this sustainability report. 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr Lance Tan, Senior Vice President, at 8 Anthony Road, #01-01, Singapore 

229957, and telephone (65) 6590 6881. 

 


1 

 





Board’s Message 

 

The board of directors (the “Board”) of Samurai 2K Aerosol Limited (“Samurai 2K”, and together with 

its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is placed to present the sustainability report for the financial year ended 

31 March 2020 (“FY2020”).  

In this third sustainability report about our sustainability values in action, we present of how Samurai 

2K strives to improve in our economic performance and contribute to the community within the areas 

in which we operate whilst effectively managing our environmental footprint. We are aware that 

sustainability is a journey and over the past three years we have been taking steps to progressively 

improve our sustainability performance. The Board considers sustainability issues when periodically 

reviews and formulates strategy for the Group. We believe that sustainability is not just about financial 

accountability but also being accountable for the monitoring and achievement of our environmental, 

social, and governance (“ESG”) goals.  

As the world struggles with the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group has initiated to impose stringent health 

and precautionary measures, to ensure the safety and health of our employees and visitors to our 

property. The Group expects that there will be impact on the operations and the Board will continue 

to monitor the evolving situation and will make announcements as and when there are developments 

on this matter. Following the announcement made by the Malaysian Prime Minister on 16 March 2020 

to impose Movement Control Order, the Group’s headquarters in Malaysia was closed from 18 March 

2020 to 3 May 2020 to curb the spread of COVID-19 infection in the country. As a responsible 

Malaysian corporate citizen, Samurai 2K donated approximately RM1 million medical supplies to aid 

the Ministry of Health of Malaysia to fight against COVID-19. In view of the COVID-19 outbreak and as 

a sign of solidarity, the Group has adopted certain cost measures starting from May 2020 by voluntary 

reduction of salary for 3 months with a review for an extension, if necessary.            

Going forward, we will continue to respond to our stakeholders’ concerns and progressively improve 

our operations and strengthen our resilience in response to the challenges around us. We are 

committed to uphold governance and sustainability practices to achieve long-term success and add 

value for all our stakeholders. 

Sincerely, 

Board of Directors 

 

 


2 

 



About This Report  

This report is prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core Option pursuant to Rules 711A and 

711B of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Rules and the 

Sustainability Reporting guide (the “SGX Sustainability Reporting Guide”). We have chosen to adopt 

the GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards as it is a globally recognised sustainability reporting 

framework for voluntary corporate reporting of environmental and social performance.  

We have not sought external assurance for this report and we may consider doing so in future annual 

sustainability reports.  

 

 

 

 

This report focuses on the evaluation of Samurai 2K’s sustainability performance in

terms of economic, environmental, social and governance aspects. In preparation for

this report, we have considered material sustainability issues and strategies which

consequently optimise our business growth.



Unless otherwise stated, this report covers the period from 1 April 2019 to 31 March

2020 for our operations in Singapore and Malaysia.



For any suggestions, comments, and enquires related to this report, kindly contact

our headquarters at (60)7-510 3188. Our headquarters is located at 4 Jalan Dato’

Yunus 1, Taman Perindustrian Dato Yunus Sulaiman, Lima Kedai 81120 Skudai, Johor,

Malaysia.




3 

 



Who We Are 

Samurai 2K focuses on high performance coating solutions for the automotive repainting business and 

we are the leading aerosol paint solution provider. We apply innovative approaches and breakthrough 

technology to deliver superior aerosol products to end users worldwide. We focus in the 

manufacturing, distribution, and marketing of our products under our own brands as below: 

 

Our production facility is in Johor, Malaysia, and our products are distributed to countries including 

Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand, Philippines, Vietnam, Cambodia, India, United Kingdom, United States 

of America and Singapore. There were more than 100 employees in Samurai 2K across the production 

facility and headquarters as at 31 March 2020.  

Our 2K Aerosol System is an innovative of 2-in-1 concept whereby two separate chemical components 

such as resin and hardener can be mixed within an aerosol can. The two components (Hardener and 

Resin) will be activated when needed and there is no more hassle and no need for air compressor. It 

is user-friendly and can be used independently of additional hardener, catalyst or activator. We have 

successfully secured patents for in various major countries such as US, EU, Russia, South Korea, New 

Zealand, Japan and China. 

 

Our vision and strategy is built based on the ambitions outlined for ourselves. We are determined and 

motivated to sustain our long-term goals and drive a positive change across the industry. We strive to 

ensure that our sustainability goals are integrated into our business goals. 

 

 





Vision

- To lead the change towards circular and 

renewable aerosol coating products while 

adapting to global evolution

- We change the aerosol; Aerosol changes the 

world.

Mission

I can't believe the World without SAMURAI Paint



Values

Innovation

We embark on a new journey of growth

Empower individuals

We believe in people and their dreams

Integrity

We practice with integrity and honesty

Communication

We practice open, real communication


4 

 



Our Value Chain 

 

 

At Samurai 2K, we believe that it is our responsibility to monitor and minimise our environmental 

footprint across our business value chain. Therefore, we continuously review our value chain in 

conjunction with the development of our business. In our value chain, we illustrate the full sequence 

of processes involved in the production of all our innovative products. It is our responsibility to ensure 

that the value chain runs both efficiently and effectively all the way from production ideation to 

customer use. We have connections to people, communities, ecosystems, and other businesses 

around the world as our products are distributed worldwide. 

 

To continuously maximise our efficiency and impacts along our value chain, we need to tap on 

expansion opportunities across our business processes. We achieve this by leveraging on our market 

size and catalyse changes which will improve the operations of our existing value chain. 

 

We have been working closely with our supplier, distributors, and wholesalers who are committed to 

high quality, environmental, health and safety standards for many years. We have several suppliers 

who have supplied us for more than a decade and they underwent our stringent pre-selection 

assessments to ensure the quality of products supplied. We forged strong, long-term relationships 

with our suppliers, distributors, and wholesalers, who are crucial to our success. Our sustainability 

efforts include sourcing for environmental-friendly suppliers, minimise in any greenhouse gas 

emissions from transportation, and those that supply recycled materials. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted our value chain and we have been working closely with our 

suppliers to overcome the challenges. We have taken measures to review and monitor our business 

continuity plans to minimise any possible disruptions to our value chain which include making 

adjustments to the Group’s operations in response to the evolving situation, to ensure the continuous 

flow of our raw materials from suppliers and finished goods to customers.  

 




5 

 



Our Sustainability Approach 

Sustainability Governance and Principles  

The Group acknowledges the importance of putting sustainability governance structure in place to 

identify and execute sustainability initiatives within our business processes. To enhance our    

sustainability governance, we have established Sustainability Committee which comprised of senior 

management personnel and Heads of Department. The Board’s and Sustainability Committee’s roles 

with regard to sustainability governance include: 

 

The Board comprises Non-Executive Chairman, Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors, and 

Independent Directors. The Board is involved in the supervision of the management of the Group’s 

operations. It reviews strategies, policies, and financial performance and assesses key risks provided 

by Management as well as the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls and risk management 

of the Group. It evaluated key performance indicators and long-term business and organisational goals 

to provide strategic direction for Samurai 2K’s sustainability practices. In formulating our sustainability 

strategy, the Board reviewed material ESG factors, sustainability data collated and assessed by the 

Sustainability Committee, goals, and targets and identified sustainability risks and opportunities.  

The Sustainability Committee comprises senior management and heads of department who monitor 

and manage our sustainability practices and update the Board on material developments on a periodic 

basis.  

 

 







Board

- Set the Company’s values and standards 

(including ethical standards), and ensure that 

obligations to shareholders and other 

stakeholders are understood and met; and

- Consider sustainability issues, e.g. 

environmental and social factors, as part of its 

strategic formulation







Sustainability Committee

- Manage and responsible for the sustainability 

practices; and 

- Keep the Board updated on material 

developments




6 

 



Our Sustainability Approach

Stakeholders’ Engagement 

At Samurai 2K, our approaches to sustainability is supported by our commitment to create long-term 

sustainable value for our stakeholder. We value the feedback arising from our stakeholder 

engagements as it has helped strengthen the relevance of our reporting and approach to managing 

the Group’s material issues. We believe that maintaining a close relationship with our stakeholders is 

crucial as they support us in addressing sustainability challenges. Therefore, to ensure that we can 

continuously improve, we always engage with and consult our diverse groups of stakeholders to 

understand their expectations. Please refer to Table I for details of our approach on stakeholders’ 

engagement.  

Table I: Our Approach on Stakeholders’ Engagement 

Stakeholder 

Mode of Engagement 

Stakeholder Expectation 

Customers / 

End-users 

Face-to-face dialogue, customer 

service organisation, social media 

platforms, workshops, and 

exhibitions  

Good quality of services and products, 

after-sales services, fair purchasing 

practices  

Suppliers  

Close relations and constant 

dialogues with our business partners 

through our local presence with 

offices in all production locations, 

supplier management systems and 

supplier surveys 

Compliance with terms and conditions of 

purchasing policies and procedures, 

maintain ethical standards 

Employees 

 

 

Induction and orientation programs, 

employees training, interviews, 

employee appraisals, dialogue 

sessions with management, regular 

individual performance reviews, day-

to-day leadership and teamwork 

Foreign workers’ rights, employers’ 

accommodation arrangement, child 

workers’ policy, employees’ rights and 

welfare, personal development, good 

working environment  

Shareholders Annual general meeting, annual 

reports, individual meetings and 

calls, external meetings, conference 

and circulars to shareholders 

Profitability transparency, timely reporting, 

fair purchasing practices  

 

Business 

Partners 

Regular meetings and discussion 

Partnership for opportunities and growth 

Government 

and 

Regulators 

Discussions with government 

agencies and departments 

Environmental-friendly business approach, 

compliance with regulations, timely 

reporting and resolution of issues 


7 

 



Our Sustainability Approach 

Identifying Material Sustainability Topics 

Samurai 2K has undertaken a comprehensive process to identify, prioritise and validate the 

environmental, social, governance and economic issues that are related to our Group. Our aim is to 

manage our most significant sustainability impacts, risks and opportunities and at the same time 

create long-term value for all our stakeholders. By using the GRI Standards, we have identified the 

material ESG factors for our Sustainability Reporting. Details of the ESG topics are summarised in Table 

2: List of material ESG topics.  

 

Going forward, we will continually re-evaluate and review our material ESG topics with our 

stakeholders to ensure they remain relevant in the business environment. 

Table 2: List of material ESG topics 

Material Topic 

Mapped GRI 

Standards 

Description 

Key 

Stakeholders in 

Concern 

Reference 

Commitments &amp; Targets 

for FY2021 

1. Economic 

Performance 

(economic 

aspect) 

GRI 201 – 

Economic 

Performance 

Our economic 

performance, the 

value generated and 

distributed to 

communities where 

our business operates. 

All 

stakeholders 

• Annual Report 

2020 – 

Operation &amp; 

Financial Review 

• Sustainability 

Report 2020 

Page 9 – 10 

• To continue expand our 

sales and tighten cost 

controls. 

• To enhance online and 

offline marketing 

activities, as well as 

develop new and 

innovative products to 

maintain our market 

competitiveness. 

2. Anti-corruption 

(governance 

aspect) 

GRI 205 – Anti-

Corruption 

Our practices to 

comply with anti-

corruption law and 

regulations and to 

demonstrate our 

adherence to 

integrity, governance, 

and responsible 

business practices. 

All 

stakeholders 

• Sustainability 

Report 2020 

Page 11 

• To promote a culture 

that is transparent, safe, 

and accountable and 

maintain zero record of 

non-compliance with 

regulations. 

3. Energy, Water 

and Waste 

Management 

(environmental 

aspect) 

GRI 307 – 

Environmental 

Compliance  

Apply to the 

production of aerosol 

container system 

which has a direct 

impact on the 

environment. 

Government 

and 

regulators, 

community, 

shareholders 

and financial 

investor 

• Sustainability 

Report 2020 

Page 12 – 13 

• To source for more 

electricity and water 

efficiency improvements 

that will help to cultivate 

good practices across 

organisation to save 

energy. 

• To monitor waste 

generated and ensure 

responsible waste 

disposal at all our 

locations of operation. 

• To maintain zero 

incident of violation of 

any environmental laws. 

 

 

 


8 

 



Our Sustainability Approach

Identifying Material Sustainability Topics (Cont’d) 

Material 

Topic 

Mapped GRI 

Standards 

Description 

Key Stakeholders in 

Concern 

Reference 

Commitments &amp; Targets 

for FY2021 

4. Human 

Capital 

(social 

aspect) 

GRI 404 – 

Training and 

Education 

Our approach 

ensuring all 

employees are trained 

and enhance their 

skillsets. Performance 

and career 

development reviews 

to facilitate continued 

employability are 

issues of interest to 

our stakeholders. 

Employees, 

Government and 

regulators 

• Sustainability 

Report 2020 

Page 14 – 15 

• To conduct and 

introduce more internal 

and external training 

programs. 

• To better prepare our 

employees for the digital 

economy and recovery 

from the COVID-19 

situation, we continue to 

upskill and reskill our 

workforce so that they 

can remain relevant in 

the industry. 

GRI 405 – 

Diversity and 

equal 

opportunity 

Our approach to 

provide a diverse, 

inclusive and 

collaborative work 

culture, and an 

environment that 

values differences. 

Employees, 

Government and 

regulators 

• Sustainability 

Report 2020 

Page 16 

• To maintain zero 

reported issue of gender 

discrimination and 

continue to promote a 

culture of unity. 

5. Health and 

Safety 

(social 

aspect) 

GRI 403 – 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety 

Our measures in place 

to ensure that our 

employees are in a 

safe and secure 

working environment. 

Employees, 

Government and 

regulators, Business 

partners 

• Sustainability 

Report 2020 

Page 17 - 18 

• To attain zero safety 

incidents and maintain 

zero penalty or fine on 

breaches and non-

compliance by DOSH.  

• To monitor safety and 

health risks through 

effective risk mitigation 

management. 

GRI 416 – 

Customer 

Health and 

Safety 

Our practices in place 

to ensure all of our 

products are assessed 

for their Health, 

Environmental, and 

Safety impacts from 

the product 

development stage to 

the end customers. 

Customer, 

Government and 

regulators, 

Shareholders, 

Suppliers, Business 

Partners 

• Sustainability 

Report 2020 

Page 19 - 20 

• To maintain zero 

incident of non-

compliance with 

regulations concerning 

health and safety 

impacts of our products.  

 

 


9 

 



Material Sustainability Topics 

Economic Performance  

At Samurai 2K, we are committed to creating sustainable value for our shareholders and stakeholders 

by adopting responsible business practices and growing our business in a sustainable manner. We 

strive to deliver long-term profitability and to take into account of the interest of all stakeholders such 

as employees, suppliers, and investors as a whole. In FY2019 Sustainability Report, we had hoped to 

market our 2K single head products in the USA and some European countries by 2H of FY2020. 

Unfortunately, the plan has been delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. For the USA market, we are 

currently developing distribution channels for our products. 

Our revenue has decreased by approximately RM9.5 million or 13.1% from RM72.6 million in FY2019 

to RM63.1 million in FY2020, mainly due to a decrease in total sales volume of 1.9 million cans from 

12.2 million cans in FY2019 to 10.3 million cans in FY2020. Although the turnover declined by 13.1% 

due to decrease in exports to Indonesian by 19.2% and Malaysia sales by 10.2% year-on-year, exports 

to other markets continued to grow 5.4% year-on-year. 

Gross profit margin has increased from 43.6% for FY2019 to 47.1% in FY2020. The slight increase in 

the gross profit margin was mainly due to the appreciation of Indonesia Rupiah against Ringgit   

Malaysia by approximately 3.0% at the beginning of FY2020 and it was stable until mid of March 2020 

which has caused the export selling prices to be slightly higher. In addition, the depreciation of US 

Dollar from the beginning of FY2020 until February 2020 has resulted in a slightly lower purchase price 

on imports. We believe that to build strong brand and to remain competitive in the market, marketing 

plays an important role. In FY2020, marketing and distribution expenses has increased approximately 

by RM3.4million from RM6.2million in FY2019 to RM9.6million in FY2020. This was mainly due to the 

enhancement of online and offline marketing activities carried out in FY2020. 

 

 

 

 

$0

$10,000

$20,000

$30,000

$40,000

$50,000

$60,000

$70,000

$80,000

$90,000

$100,000

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

Revenue and Gross Profit

Revenue (RM'000)

Gross Profit (RM'000)


10 

 

 



Material Sustainability Topics 

Economic Performance (Cont’d) 

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our FY2020 Annual Report: 

• 

Operations and financial review  

• 

Consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income 

• 

Statement of financial position 

• 

Consolidated statement of changes in equity  

• 

Consolidated statement of cash flows 

Targets for FY2021 

With the impact COVID-19 outbreak brought to the global economy, we foresee challenging operating 

environment and conditions for the next 12 months. Nevertheless, we will put our efforts to overcome 

the situation and to continue expand our sales and tighten cost controls. The Group will continue to 

enhance online and offline marketing activities, as well as develop new and innovative products to 

maintain our market competitiveness. 

43

43.6

47.1

40

41

42

43

44

45

46

47

48

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

Gross Profit Margin

Gross Profit Margin (%)


11 

 



Material Sustainability Topics

Anti-corruption 

 

 

Samurai 2K does not tolerate corruption in any form. When it comes to business ethics, we hold 

ourselves to the highest standards and maintain a strong stance against bribery and corruption. With 

the existing zero tolerance policy towards fraud, corruption, and unethical actions, any malpractices 

of corruption and bribery will be investigated and penalised. Samurai 2K takes corruption very 

seriously, as such, we strictly adhere to the policy and procedures towards corruption and dishonesty 

which are in compliance with anti-compliance and anti-fraud laws. Any report of corruption or 

significant matters raised through the whistle-blowing channel will be escalated to the attention of 

the Board.  

As we placed heavy emphasis on ethical business conduct on all employees, we expect all employees 

to uphold high ethical standards in accordance with the expectations set out in the code of conduct. 

Any unethical conduct or malpractice relating to corruption or fraud will be given stern action such as 

formal disciplinary proceedings. 

Whistleblowing Policy 

Samurai 2K has put in place a whistle-blowing policy which in line with the commitment to the highest 

standards of corporate governance and professionalism. The whistle-blowing policy provides a 

mechanism for employees to report malpractices in the workplace to the Audit Committee, in good 

faith and in confidence. Any whistleblowing reports received will be escalated to the Board during the 

Board meeting by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee has the authority to conduct 

independent investigations into any complaints and for the necessary follow up action to be taken on 

such a report. 

Samurai 2K is committed to open communication so as to reassure all issues will be managed in good 

faith and responsibly. As such, a designated email address (whistleblowing@samuraipaint.jp) has 

been set up and a memo has been issued to all employees to notify them of such channel. 

During FY2020, there was no whistleblowing report received against bribery and corruption in our 

business dealings with suppliers, dishonest practices or other improprieties in the workplace. We are 

pleased to report that the Company has zero reports of fraudulent or corporate malpractices received 

for 3 consecutive years. 

Targets for FY2021 

Going forward, Samurai 2K will continue to promote the whistleblowing policy and remind our 

employees continue to adhere to code of conduct. We will ensure that the directors, management, 

and employees refrain from involvement in corrupt activities. We will also strive to promote a culture 

that is transparent, safe, and accountable to ensure that we can maintain our zero record of non-

compliance with regulations for years to come. 

 




12 

 



Material Sustainability Topics  

Energy and Water Management  

 

At Samurai 2K, we are aware of our responsibility towards the environment. Being a stakeholder in 

the environment in which we operate in, we will continue to monitor our electricity and water usage 

to ensure resources are consumed on the need-to and optimised basis.  

 

In November 2018, we have formalised approach towards managing energy usage in our 

production plants located at Johor, Malaysia. Aside from closely monitoring of our daily utility 

consumption, we also made efforts to spread awareness and strongly encourage our employees to 

adopt good electricity and water saving habits by switching off lights and power points that are not in 

use, and stopping a running water tap. 

 

Our initiative to launch energy conservation programme in FY2019 has significantly helped us to 

reduce on electricity usage. We continue to record and analyse daily utility usage across the plants 

and the results are presented to all the employees on a weekly basis. As a result of our energy and 

water conservation initiatives, our yearly electricity and water consumption has reduced by 

approximately 10% and 33% respectively from FY2019 to FY2020. With our dedication to lowering our 

energy and water consumption, we are pleased to report that the Company has met its FY2020 target.  

Total Consumption 

by Category 

FY2018 

FY2019 

FY2020 

Electricity (kWh) 

620,237 

624,619 

562,692 

Water (litre/ m3) 

5,013 

6,157 

4,145 

 

Targets for FY2021 

Going forward, we will continue to source for equipment with potential for electricity and water 

consumption reduction. We will also continue to promote our energy conservation programme to 

cultivate good energy-saving practices across our organisation. 

 

 


13 

 



Material Sustainability Topics  

Waste Management 

Samurai 2K recognises the importance of waste management as we are involved in the research and 

development and manufacturing of aerosol paint and coatings spray cans which mainly involve the 

usage of controlled hazardous materials such as resins, pigments, additives, solvents, and propellants. 

Therefore, waste management is vital to us in preventing pollution of the environment. 

 

We have adopted environmental friendly methods into our manufacturing processes and raised 

awareness throughout the Company and have put in place procedures to carefully monitor hazardous 

by-products, and all waste treatment processes. Trainings have been conducted to all employees on 

the importance of proper disposal of waste materials. 

 

Environmental matters are one of the issues Samurai 2K takes most seriously and we remain 

committed to minimising our environmental impact in all areas of the Group’s operations. As such, we 

are in the midst of implementing ISO14001: Environmental Management at our workplace to preserve 

and enhance the quality of life for employees, customers and the communities in which we operate. 

 

Target for FY 2021 

Going forward, we will continue to monitor waste generated and ensure responsible waste disposal 

at all our locations of operation in order to protect the local people and environment. 

 

Environmental Compliance 

 

We believe that we must play an important role to conserve and save the environment. We also 

believe that our actions can have a significant impact on the environment. As such, we seek to conduct 

our operation in an environmentally responsible manner and compliant with regulatory authorities. 

We strictly comply to the Environmental Quality (Prescribed Conveyance) (Scheduled Wastes) Order 

2005 established by Malaysia Environmental Quality Council, and Malaysia’s environmental laws. We 

take this very seriously as non-compliance with the laws can result in penalties and fines, or even 

licence revocation for the Group. 

 

Apart from complying with environmental legislation and regulations, we also practice good 

environmental practices into our daily processes. Due to the Movement Control Order which was 

imposed by the Malaysia Government in 2020, we had delayed the process in obtaining the 

certification of ISO14001: Environment Management. However, we have started to practice and 

implement the ISO14001 in our day-to-day operation. This shows that we are committed to conserve 

the environment and at the same time it serves as a guide for our employees when they perform their 

duties. 

 

We are pleased to report that there was no reported incident of violation of any environmental laws 

for FY2020. 

 

Target for FY2021 

Going forward, we will continuously comply to the environmental legislation and regulations and 

strive to improve our environmental protection. At the same time, we strive to maintain zero incident 

of violation of any environmental laws.


14 

 



Material Sustainability Topics 

Training and Education 

At Samurai 2K, we strongly believe that cultivating our employees is crucial to our success. We 

constantly provide learning and development resources opportunities for our people to better 

themselves through internal courses or on-the-job training. This is to ensure that our people are 

equipped with the skills and knowledge to remain relevant in the industry. 

 

In FY2020, we have sent our employees for trainings which are in line with employees’ core 

competencies such as technical skills, business and administrative trainings. We have conducted in-

house trainings on “Internal Quality Auditor Training”, “Legal Requirement ISO 14001 Training” and 

“Safe Chemical Handling &amp; Spillage Training”, as well as external trainings such as “Employer’s Right 

in Misconduct &amp; Termination of Employment”, “Seminar Pengurusan Buangan Terjadual (Waste 

Management Seminar)”, “Seminar Keselamatan Kebakaran 2019 (Fire Safety Seminar)” and “FMM 

(Federation of Malaysia Manufacturers) Johor SHE (Safety, Health and Environment) Conference: 

Safety is a Mission, Not an Intermission”. About 40 employees in total have received and benefited 

such training courses in FY2020.  

 

We are also pleased to report that in FY2020, we clocked over 632 hours in training and development 

which is an average of 15.8 training hours per employee. We have also introduced fire safety training 

program known as Latihan Kursus Asas Keselamatan Kebakaran Bangunan/ Kilang, Awareness Training 

on ISO14001:2015 as well as Internal Quality Auditor Training (ISO9001:2015) as targeted in FY2019. 

We facilitate constant upskilling of our employees through both internal and external training to 

maintain a productive workforce. 

 

 

FY2018 

FY2019 

FY2020 

Senior Management 

6.06 

15.73 

11.52 

Middle Management 

7.70 

14.63 

10.32 

Employee 

6.06 

10.32 

9.37 

Female 

6.37 

10.13 

9.16 

Male 

6.54 

14.46 

10.58 

0

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

Average training hours

Male

Female

Staff

Middle Management

Senior Management


15 

 



Material Sustainability Topics 

Training and Education (Cont’d) 

 

At Samurai 2K, we conduct formal performance appraisals annually to ensures that performance 

expectations, as well as results, are clearly communicated and discussed. Any expectations or results 

for the next year will also be clearly communicated to the employees during the appraisal. We 

encourage our supervisors to provide feedback to their subordinates on a regular basis and to discuss 

on any training and development needed in a timely manner. In FY2020, a total of 38 employees have 

received promotion letters, bonuses and increments which are based on their performance. 

 

In view of the current COVID-19 pandemic, we have implemented a number of safeguards like 

temperature screening at all entry point and maintaining social distance at our premises over the 

course of the past few months to minimise the risks on our employees as well as communities. We 

have also educated our employees on the importance of complying with the guidance and Standard 

Operating Procedures issued by the Malaysian Government and health authorities. We also provide 

regular updates to our employees on matters relating to COVID-19.  

 

Targets for FY2021 

Going forward, we target to conduct and introduce more internal and external training programs so 

that our employees can contribute effectively to the Company. Besides, to better prepare our 

employees for the digital economy and recovery from the COVID-19 situation, we continue to upskill 

and reskill our workforce so that they can remain relevant in the industry.    


16 

 



Material Sustainability Topics  

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

At Samurai 2K, we are committed to employing people who have the necessary skills and experience 

to fit in their relevant roles irrespective of their race, age, gender, religion or ethnicity. Moreover, we 

recognise the value a diverse workforce as diversity provides different perspectives and fosters 

innovative thinking to solve business challenges.  As such, we consistently promote to cultivate a 

working culture that values differences to achieve better business results. We strongly believe that 

diversity and non-discrimination are crucial for long-term sustainability of the business. We also 

believe that diversity and non-discrimination help to increase employee satisfaction and retention and 

at the same time it can promote innovation which will eventually contribute to organisational 

excellence. We are pleased to report that there was no reported incident of discrimination in FY2020.  

 

Even though we operate in a male-dominated industry, 54% of our senior and middle management 

employee are female. We value of having more women in leadership and by doing so, we hope to 

increase gender diversity in leadership for better decision making and greater innovation. Samurai 

2K’s recruitment of employees is based solely on merit, without any discrimination. We create an 

environment where our employees treat each other equally and with respect. We want to build a 

culture where diverse perspectives can help drive our Company forward and equal opportunities are 

given to all our employees.  

Number of employees 

by category 

FY2019 

FY2020 

Male 

Female 

Male 

Female 

Senior Management 

8 

5 

11 

5 

Middle Management 

6 

11 

5 

14 

Employee (e.g. 

associate) 

69 

16 

61 

22 

 

Number of 

employees 

by 

category 

FY2019 

FY2020 

Senior 

management 

Middle 

management 

Employee 

(e.g. 

associate) 

Senior 

management 

Middle 

management 

Employee 

(e.g. 

associate) 

&lt; 30 years 

old 

1 

6 

61 

1 

6 

54 

30 to 50 

years old 

9 

10 

24 

7 

11 

29 

&gt; 50 years 

old 

3 

1 

- 

8 

2 

- 

We are also committed to ensuring remuneration structure that are fair and no gender bias. 

We continue to tap into the different perspectives, value-add and contributions of our 

diversified workforce to create an organisation that is dynamic and innovative. We have also 

included policies and procedures on diversity and equal opportunities into our Employee 

Handbook as targeted in FY2019. 

 

Targets for FY2021  

Going forward, we will maintain our zero reported issue of gender discrimination and continue to 

promote a culture of unity. 


17 

 



Material Sustainability Topics 



 

Occupational Health and Safety 

At Samurai 2K, the health and safety of our employees are top priorities. We acknowledge the 

production process involves dangerous, toxic or flammable raw materials. Therefore, we have put in 

place safety measures which will be monitored and supervised by our Health and Safety Committee 

(the “Committee”). The Committee members include Employer/Manager as a Chairman, Safety 

Health Officer as Secretary, and Representatives of an employer and an employee as Committee 

members. As a responsible employer, we aim to address and prevent the variety of health and safety 

risks that employees are exposed to, wherever possible. 

 

We are continuously working towards the minimisation of the risk of accidents and injuries to our 

employees and place health and safety as top priority in our operations. We believe that giving ample 

trainings to our employee could minimise the risk of accidents and injuries to occur. We provide our 

employees with protective equipment, safety training, such as Forklift Safety Training, Forklift Driver 

Competent Person training, and Industrial First Aid and Cardiopulmonary resuscitation (“CPR”) and 

supervision in accordance with all regulatory requirements. We also conduct operational training 

programmes, such as biannual On Job Training (by Work Process, as described in Management’s Safe 

Operation Procedures) on a regular basis, so that our employees are updated with the latest safety 

measures and enhanced procedures accordingly.  

 

It is compulsory for all new employees to attend safety training and drills in order to familiarise 

themselves with the operation of the machinery and equipment as well as the safety precautions and 

procedures during the production process. In order to refresh employees’ knowledge on workplace 

safety, safety briefings are conducted every morning at the production facility which involve the 

supervisor, line leader, quality control technician, and operator. Regular safety checks will be also 

conducted before the commencement of work. Emergency evacuation exercises are conducted twice 

a year for all employees to raise their awareness and familiarise with the procedures. Any hazardous 

activities will be reported to the head of the Committee for action. We have also implemented an 

eight hours Safety and Health Training for every employee in the production team as targeted in 

FY2019. 

 

Monthly meetings will also be conducted by the Committee to discuss all safety information, activities, 

issues, new safe work practices, as well as review existing safety measures. There was zero accidents 

and injuries reported in FY2020.  

 

We also abide strictly by the rules and regulations set out in Malaysia Occupational Safety and Health 

Regulations 1996. These rules are regulated by the Department of Occupational Safety and Health 

(“DOSH”), a department under Malaysia Ministry of Human Resources, and the Group is subjected to 

periodic and random checks by the authorities. Financial penalties will be imposed on the Group for 

breaches and non-compliance can lead to revocation of business licence. In FY2020, we have not 

received any penalty notice issued by DOSH in respect of non-compliance with the Occupational Safety 

and Health Administration.  

 

 

 

 


18 

 

 



Material Sustainability Topics 



 

Occupational Health and Safety (Cont’d) 

To protect our employees from the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has taken prompt measures 

that are aligned with the Malaysian Government and Ministry of Health’s advisories to minimise the 

risk of infection. As the Malaysia Prime Minister announced the Conditional Movement Control Order 

with various economic and social activities allowed from 4 May 2020, we have gradually resumed our 

operations by allowing our employees to return to the office on a team rotation basis and encouraged 

our employees to continue working from home, where possible. We have also implemented COVID-

19 Standard Operating Procedures, social distancing and other health and safety measures as 

prescribed by the authorities at our workplace. In view of the current situation, we encourage meeting 

to be conducted virtually via video or voice conferencing applications for all internal and external 

meeting, as we endeavour to do our part to protect the health and safety of our employees, clients, 

and the communities around us.  

 

Targets for FY2021 

Going forward, Samurai 2K will continue to work towards attaining zero safety incidents and maintain 

zero penalty or fine on breaches and non-compliance by DOSH. We will also continue to monitor and 

reduce any safety and health risks through effective risk mitigation management. 

 

 

 

 




19 

 



Material Sustainability Topics 



 

Customer Health and Safety 

As customers are one of our key stakeholders, health and safety of our customer are of utmost 

importance. Customers’ expectations are good quality services and products, after-sales services, and 

fair purchasing practices. Therefore, it is important that we aim to satisfy their expectations and make 

our products are safe for use in order to gain their confidence and at the same time, enhance our 

business reputation.  

 

Our products are assessed from the product development stage, with advice available, to the end 

customers from their Health, Environmental, and Safety impacts perspective so that any identified 

risks are noted and can be rectified immediately. Our product concepts come from customer 

interactions, market awareness, and emerging product trends. To ensure that our products are safe 

to use, our research teams will liaise with our product safety and regulatory affairs department from 

the beginning stage of product development. They will access from our customers’ health, safety, and 

environmental effects perspective. Furthermore, additional screening tests and modelling may be 

carried out depending on the expected end use of the product to enable safety assessments to be 

completed by our customers. These principles are already embedded in our new product development 

processes.  

 

We have controls in place within our Enterprise Resource Planning System to ensure that a material 

safety data sheet is produced for all products prior to production. This is to ensure that they are 

assessed against the criteria of the United Nations Globally Harmonized System of Classification and 

Labelling of Chemicals so that all health, safety, and environmental aspects such as persistence and 

bioaccumulation can be considered for manufacturing, production, storage, distribution, supply, and 

end product use. Safety Health and Environment department will manage the risks to health and 

safety at our manufacturing sites during the products manufacturing process. Besides, there are also 

policies and procedures in place to promote process safety and quality control. Our manufacturing 

sites are certified ISO9001:2015 and they are in compliance with the Malaysia Government standard 

for Safety Management.  

 

We have procedures and systems in place to ensure the safe storage of hazardous chemicals and this 

information is passed on to our customers where applicable. Moreover, we have procedures in place 

to deal with emergency situations such as having to recall or withdraw an unsafe product that may 

affect surrounding communities. Our sales and marketing teams work closely with our research teams 

and regulatory department to ensure that any details that are provided to customers relating to health 

and safety are accurate and reflect the information that is sent out with the products that we supply.  

 

We also have formal procedures to capture any non-compliance with regulations or codes relating to 

the health and safety of our products. Formal complaint procedure is also in place and all our 

customers will have at least one sales contact within the business. It is our intention to enhance this 

procedure to further embed it within our business to capture any issues or areas of potential risk. 

 

We are pleased to report that in FY2020, there was no incident of reported non-compliance with 

regulations concerning the health and safety impacts of our products. 

 

 


20 

 



Material Sustainability Topics 



 

Customer Health and Safety (Cont’d) 

The COVID-19 pandemic has posed unprecedented challenges to the Company. As the situation is still 

evolving, we will continue to monitor the situation closely. We have been working very closely with 

our customers to overcome challenges during this period. We are committed to continue serving our 

customers and responding to their needs through leveraging the use of technology to stay in touch 

with our customers. 

 

Targets for FY2021  

Going forward, we will continue to maintain zero incident of non-compliance with regulations. We will 

gather customer feedback regularly for continuous improvement on our products. 

 

 

 

 

 




21 

 



GRI Content Index  

GRI Standard/ Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for Omission, if 

applicable 

102-1 Name of the organisation  

1 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

3 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

2 

102-4 Location of operations 

3 

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

Annual Report 2020: Statistics of Shareholding 

102-6 Markets served 

3 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

3, 9  

102-8 Information on employees and other workers  

3 

102-9 Supply chain  

4 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its 

supply chain 

Not Applicable 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

5 and 19 

102-12 External initiatives 

 

Not Applicable  

102-13 Membership of associations 

Not Applicable 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

1 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

3  

102-18 Governance structure 

5 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

6 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

Not Applicable 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

6 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

6 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

7 – 8 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Annual Report 2020: Notes to the Financial 

Statements (Investment in subsidiaries) 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

2 

102-47 List of material topics 

7 – 8 

102-48 Restatements of information 

Not Applicable  

102-49 Changes in reporting 

Not Applicable  

102-50 Reporting period 

2 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

26 August 2019 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

2 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

2 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

2 

102-55 GRI content index 

21 – 22 

102-56 External assurance 

2 

103-1 Explanation of the material topics and its 

boundary 

7 – 8 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

9 – 20 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

9 – 20 


22 

 



GRI Content Index 

GRI Standard/ Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for Omission, if 

applicable 

201-1 Direct economic value generated and 

distributed  

9 – 10 

Annual Report 2020: Operations and Financial 

Review, Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 

and Other Comprehensive Income 

205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

11 

205-2 Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures  

11  

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken 

11 

307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations 

13 

403-1 Workers representation in formal joint 

management-worker health and safety committees  

17 – 18 

403-2 Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, 

and number of work-related fatalities 

17 – 18 

404-1 Average hours of training per year per 

employee 

14 – 15 

404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programs 

14 – 15 

405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees 

16 

416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts 

of product and service categories 

19 – 20 

416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the 

health and safety impacts of products and services 

19 – 20 


 

 

 



