
SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    1 | P a g e 

 

 

 

 




SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    2 | P a g e 

 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 



Board’s Message .......................................................................................................................... 3 



About This Report ........................................................................................................................ 4 



Organisational Profile .................................................................................................................. 5 



Our Value Chain ........................................................................................................................... 7 



Our Sustainability Approach ....................................................................................................... 8 

Sustainability Governance and Principles ................................................................................... 8 

Stakeholders’ Engagement .......................................................................................................... 9 

Identifying Material Sustainability Topics ................................................................................. 10 



Material Sustainability Topics ................................................................................................... 12 

Economic Performance ............................................................................................................. 12 

Anti-corruption .......................................................................................................................... 14 

Energy and Water Management ............................................................................................... 15 

Waste Management .................................................................................................................. 17 

Environmental Compliance ....................................................................................................... 18 

Training and Education .............................................................................................................. 19 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity ............................................................................................... 21 

Occupational Health and Safety ................................................................................................ 23 

Customer Health and Safety ...................................................................................................... 25 



GRI Content Index ...................................................................................................................... 27 

 

 

 

 

This sustainability report has been prepared by Samurai 2K Aerosol Limited (the “Company”) and its contents have 

been reviewed by UOB Kay Hian Private Limited (the “Sponsor”), for compliance with the relevant rules of the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist. 

This sustainability report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility 

for the contents of this sustainability report, including the accuracy, completeness or correctness of any information, 

statements or opinions made or reports contained in this sustainability report. 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr Lance Tan, Senior Vice President, at 8 Anthony Road, #01-01, Singapore 

229957, and telephone (65) 6590 6881. 


SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    3 | P a g e 

 

 



Board’s Message 

 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) is proud to present our annual Sustainability Report (“SR”) 

of Samurai 2K Aerosol Limited (the “Company”, “Samurai 2K”, and together with its subsidiaries, 

the “Group”), covering the Financial Year ended 31 March 2021 (“FY2021”) 

This report aims to communicate Samurai 2K’s commitment and on-going efforts of our 

sustainability practices in contributing to the economy, environment and community which we 

operate. We recognise the importance of maintaining a sustainable business and have been taking 

steps to progressively improve our sustainability performance over the years.   

In this sustainability report, we present how Samurai 2K strives to achieve long-term benefits and 

sustainability in our economic performance and contribute to the community within the areas in 

which we operate whilst effectively managing our environmental footprint. The Board considers 

sustainability issues when periodically reviews and formulates strategy for the Group. We believe 

that sustainability is not just about financial accountability but also being accountable for the 

monitoring and achievement of our environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) goals.  

FY2021 was a challenging year due to the Covid-19 Pandemic (“Covid-19”) which had negatively 

impacted our economy. The Group has continued to impose stringent health and precautionary 

measures to ensure the safety and health of our employees and visitors to our properties with 

60% of our workforce working in office and the remaining 40% working from home. This is in line 

with the tightening measures under the various movement control orders enforced by the 

Government of Malaysia. We have ensured that our office premises were cleaned and sanitized 

by implementing a schedule to fog our Company’s premises 3 times daily. We have supplied all 

our employees with hand sanitizers, masks, enforced usage of MySejahtera application to check-

in (an application developed by the Government of Malaysia to assist in monitoring of Covid-19) 

and health declaration forms for all employees and visitors. Through these challenges, we 

continue to support Malaysia in its fight against Covid-19 by donating approximately RM1 million 

medical supplies such as protective clothing, hand thermometers and facemasks to the local State 

Government.  

Despite the pandemic, the Board is cautiously positive that we will see economic recovery in 2022 

and 2023 with advances in technology and medical breakthrough past the pandemic. We will 

continue to respond to our stakeholders’ concerns and progressively improve our operations and 

build up our resilience in response to the challenges around us. We are committed to maintain 

our competitive edge to deliver sustainable growth and value. 

Sincerely, 

Board of Directors 

 

 

 

 


SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    4 | P a g e 

 



About This Report  

This report focuses on the evaluation of Samurai 2K’s sustainability performance in terms of 

economic, environmental, social and governance aspects. 

Unless otherwise stated, this report covers our operating sites located in Johor, Malaysia within 

FY2021 as the operating sites include our main business operations i.e. collection point of 

purchases from suppliers, production facility, storage of inventory, distribution to customers, 

research and development, finance and management functions. 

This report is published on a yearly basis and prepared with reference to the GRI Standards: Core 

Option pursuant to Rules 711A and 711B of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(“SGX-ST”) Listing Rules and the Sustainability Reporting guide (the “SGX Sustainability Reporting 

Guide”). We have chosen to adopt the GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards as it is a globally 

recognised sustainability reporting framework for voluntary corporate reporting of economic, 

environmental and social performance.  

We have not sought external assurance for this report, and we may consider gradually adopting 

external assurance for the relevant sections for future reports.  

Feedback 

For any suggestions, comments, and enquires related to this report, kindly contact us at 

ir@samurai2kaerosol.com or our headquarters at 6 Jalan Dato’ Yunus 1, Taman Perindustrian 

Dato Yunus Sulaiman, Lima Kedai 81120 Skudai, Johor, Malaysia. 

 

 

 

 

 


SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    5 | P a g e 

 



Organisational Profile 

Samurai 2K is the premier aerosol paint solution provider, specialising in high-performance 

coating solutions for the automotive repainting industry. We use cutting-edge technology and 

unique techniques to provide quality aerosol goods to customers all over the world. We focus in 

the manufacturing, distribution, and marketing of our products under our own brands as below: 

 

Our products are manufactured in our production facility located in Johor, Malaysia, and are 

distributed in countries including Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand, Philippines, Vietnam, Cambodia, 

India, United Kingdom, United States of America (“USA”), and Singapore. We have employed 

more than 100 full-time employees across our production plant and offices as at 31 March 2021. 

Our 2K Aerosol System is a unique 2-in-1 idea that allows two chemical components, such as resin 

and hardener, to be blended in one aerosol can. There would be no more fuss and no need for an 

air compressor because the two components (Resin and Hardener) will be engaged only when 

needed. It's simple to use and doesn't require any other hardener, catalyst, or activator. We have 

successfully obtained patents in several significant nations, including United States of America, 

the European Union, Russia, South Korea, New Zealand, Japan, and China. 

 

OUR BELIEF  

We change Aerosol, Aerosol changes the world  

OUR VISION 

To be the world's most respected innovative aerosol system provider 

OUR MISSION 

To offer the most innovative aerosol system with the best user enjoyment and to create more job 

opportunities for all sprayers in the world  

 

 

 

 




SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    6 | P a g e 

 

VALUES 

 

Innovation 

We embark on a new journey of growth 

Empower  

We believe in people and their dreams 

Integrity 

We practice with integrity and honesty  

Communication 

We practice open, real communication  

Our vision and strategy are founded on the goals we've set for ourselves. We are committed to 

achieving our long-term objectives and effecting constructive change in the industry. We work 

hard to make sure that our sustainability goals are aligned with our commercial objectives. 

 

 



Core 

Values



Innovation



Empower



Integrity



Communication


SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    7 | P a g e 

 



Our Value Chain 

We think it is our obligation to track and reduce our environmental footprint throughout our 

business value chain. We assessed them on a regular basis in tandem with the growth of our 

Company. The whole sequence of processes involved in the creation of all our innovative goods 

is depicted in our value chain. We ensured that our business operates smoothly and efficiently 

from product conception to delivery to customers. As our products are sold globally, we have links 

to individuals, communities, ecosystems, and other businesses all around the world. 

 

We strived to tap into expansion opportunities across our business processes to continue to 

maximise our efficiency and effect along our business. We accomplished this by capitalising on 

our market scale and catalysing improvements that will increase the efficiency of our current 

value chain. 

 

For many years, we have worked closely with our suppliers, distributors, and wholesalers who 

were dedicated to high quality, environmental, health, and safety requirements. We have a 

number of suppliers who have been supplying us for more than a decade and have gone through 

our rigorous pre-selection process to ensure the quality of the products we receive. Our suppliers, 

distributors, and wholesalers, who were critical to our business, have built strong, long-term 

partnerships with us. Our sustainability initiatives include looking for environmentally friendly 

suppliers, reducing any transportation-related greenhouse gas emissions, whenever possible, and 

using recycled products. 

In response to Covid-19, we have been working closely with our suppliers to overcome the 

potential operational disruptions and issues. During the financial year, there was no material 

disruption as most of our suppliers were also permitted to operate. Our procurement team have 

also taken proactive measures to order more stocks from overseas suppliers. We have 

implemented various measures to ensure the health and safety of our people such as restrictions 

imposed on suppliers from entering our office and warehouse premises and designated areas for 

delivery of goods and submission of suppliers’ invoices. 

In addition, we worked closely with our customers to observe and put in place the safe 

management measures as announced by local government authorities to help curb the spread of 

Covid-19 infection. During the nationwide Malaysian Movement Control Order, customer visits to 

our plant and office were not allowed and we have since transited to an online customer service 

platform for our customers. The Company has also accelerated the digital transformation by 

forming a new team led by the Chief Digital Officer in transforming traditional business model 

into a digital model through Online-to-Offline (O2O) marketing, E-Commerce, Samuraian Fan 

Application and Blockchain development, to further integrate all our processes for a sustainable 

business model in future.   

 

 


SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    8 | P a g e 

 



Our Sustainability Approach 

Sustainability Governance and Principles  

The Group recognises the value of establishing a sustainable governance structure to identify and 

implement sustainability initiatives across our business processes. We formed a Sustainable 

Committee, which is made up of senior management and department heads, to help us improve 

our sustainability governance. The functions of the Board and the Sustainability Committee for 

Sustainable Governance are as follows: 

 



 



 

BOARD

• Reviews the Group's strategies, policies, and financial

performance, as well as the adequacy and efficiency of

internal controls and risk management, including critical

risks;

• Set the Company’s values and standards (including

ethical standards), and ensure that obligations to

shareholders and other stakeholders are understood and

met;

• To give strategic guidance for Samurai 2K's sustainability

policies; and

• Considered major ESG elements, data gathered and

appraised by the Sustainability Committee, goals, and

targets,

and

identified

sustainability

risks

and

opportunities in developing our sustainability plan.

SUSTAINABILITY 

COMMITTEE 

•Manage and responsible for the sustainability practices; and 

•Keep the Board updated on material developments.

Reports to


SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    9 | P a g e 

 



Our Sustainability Approach

Stakeholders’ Engagement 

Our dedication to creating long-term success underpins our approaches to engaging with our key 

and relevant stakeholders. We have identified different groups of stakeholders internally and 

externally, and we consider their relevance to us on the magnitude of their influence and impact 

to our business. We appreciate the feedback we've received from our stakeholders and we keep 

tight ties with them as it helps us to understand their expectation and for us to improve the 

relevance of our business strategies, assessment of risks and opportunities and our approach to 

managing the Group's key challenges. Please refer to Table I for details of our approach on 

stakeholders’ engagement and expectation.  

Table I: Our Approach on Stakeholders’ Engagement 

Stakeholder 

Mode of Engagement 

Stakeholders’ Expectation 

How We Address Stakeholders’ 

Expectation 

Customers / 

End-users 

Dialogue sessions, customer 

service channels, social media 

platforms, workshops, and 

exhibitions  

Business continuity, good 

services and product quality, 

after-sales services, and 

ethical purchasing practices 

We uphold corporate governance practice 

to ensure ethical business conducts and 

put in measures to ensure our products 

meeting expected quality, safety and 

environmentally friendly standards 

Suppliers  

Through our local presence 

with office in our production 

facility, supplier management 

systems, and supplier surveys, 

we maintain close 

relationships and regular 

discussion with our suppliers 

Maintain ethical standards 

by adhering to the terms and 

conditions of purchasing 

policies and procedures 

We keep close contact with our suppliers 

to communicate our expectation on 

quality and timeliness of supplies, as well 

as code of conduct for our procurement 

practice 

Employees 

 

 

Regular individual 

performance assessments, 

induction and orientation 

programs, employee training, 

interviews, employee 

appraisals, dialogue sessions 

with management, day-to-day 

leadership and collaboration 

Safe work environment, 

foreign workers’ rights, 

employees’ accommodation 

arrangement, child workers’ 

policy, employees’ rights and 

welfare, personal 

development, good working 

environment  

We have formed a team to supervise 

health and safety matters at our main 

operating sites, regularly monitor benefits 

and welfare for our employees and 

foreign workers, conduct performance 

appraisal on yearly basis and close 

communication with employees on any 

significant changes on work arrangement 

Shareholders 

Annual general meeting, 

annual reports, individual 

meetings and calls, external 

meetings, conference, and 

circulars to shareholders 

Profitability, transparency, 

timely reporting, fair 

purchasing practices  

 

We uphold corporate governance 

practice, set yearly growth targets and 

provide timely and transparent updates 

to our shareholders on the Group’s key 

developments and business operations 

Business 

Partners 

Regular meetings and 

discussion 

Partnership for opportunities 

and growth 

We hold regular meetings with our 

business partners to discuss on potential 

collaboration 

Government and 

Regulators 

Discussions with and notices 

from government agencies 

and departments 

Environmentally friendly 

business approach, 

compliance with regulations, 

timely reporting and 

resolution of issues 

We strictly comply with and closely 

monitor advisories and updates of 

relevant laws and regulations from the 

government agencies and departments. 


SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    10 | P a g e 

 



Our Sustainability Approach 

Identifying Material Sustainability Topics 

Samurai 2K has adopted a materiality assessment process to identify, prioritise and validate the 

environmental, social, governance, and economic challenges that affect our business. In 

identifying topics that were material and relevant to our business and stakeholders, we compile 

feedback received from our internal and external stakeholders and assess the degree of influence 

and impact that these topics have on them and our business. Our goal is to manage our most 

important sustainability impacts, risks, and opportunities while also providing long-term value to 

all our stakeholders.  

To ensure that our material topics stay relevant in the business climate, we re-evaluate the 

material topics on a yearly basis through engagement with our internal and external stakeholders. 

Through this materiality assessment process. the material topics shortlisted in the previous report 

still brings about significant economic, environmental, social and governance impact and remain 

material to the Group and stakeholders in FY2021. Details of the ESG topics are summarised in 

Table 2: List of material ESG topics.  

Table 2: List of material ESG topics 

Material Topic 

Mapped GRI 

Standards 

Reasons for Selection 

of this Material Topic 

Key 

Stakeholder

s in 

Concern 

Reference 

Commitments &amp; Targets  

1. Economic 

Performance 

(economic 

aspect) 

GRI 201 – 

Economic 

Performance 

Our economic 

performance, the value 

generated and 

distributed to 

communities where our 

business operates. 

All 

stakeholders 

 Annual 

Report 2021 – 

Operations &amp; 

Financial 

Review 

 Sustainability 

Report 2021 

Page 12 – 13 

 To continue expand our 

sales and tighten cost 

controls. 

 To enhance online and 

offline marketing 

activities, as well as 

develop new and 

innovative products to 

maintain our market 

competitiveness. 

2. Anti-

corruption 

(governance 

aspect) 

GRI 205 – Anti-

Corruption 

Our practices to comply 

with anti-corruption law 

and regulations and to 

demonstrate our 

adherence to integrity, 

governance, and 

responsible business 

practices. 

All 

stakeholders 

 Sustainability 

Report 2021 

Page 14 

 To promote a culture 

that is transparent, safe, 

and accountable and 

maintain zero record of 

non-compliance with 

regulations. 

3. Energy, 

Water and 

Waste 

Management 

(environmental 

aspect) 

GRI 307 – 

Environmental 

Compliance  

Apply to the production 

of aerosol container 

system which has a 

direct impact on the 

environment. 

Government 

and 

regulators, 

community, 

shareholders 

and financial 

investor 

 Sustainability 

Report 2021 

Page 15 – 18 

 To source for more 

electricity and water 

efficiency improvements 

that will help to cultivate 

good practices across 

organisation to save 

energy. 

 To monitor waste 

generated and ensure 

responsible waste 

disposal at all our 

locations of operation. 

 To maintain zero 

incident of violation of 

any environmental laws. 


SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    11 | P a g e 

 



Our Sustainability Approach 

Identifying Material Sustainability Topics (Cont’d) 

Material Topic 

Mapped GRI 

Standards 

Reasons for Selection 

of this Material Topic 

Key 

Stakeholders 

in 

Concern 

Reference 

Commitments &amp; Targets  

4. Human 

Capital 

(social aspect) 

GRI 404 – 

Training and 

Education 

Our approach ensuring 

all employees are 

trained and enhance 

their skillsets. 

Performance and career 

development reviews to 

facilitate continued 

employability are issues 

of interest to our 

stakeholders. 

Employees, 

Government 

and 

regulators 

 Sustainability 

Report 2021 

Page 19 – 20 

 To conduct and 

introduce more internal 

and external training 

programs. 

 To better prepare our 

employees for the 

digital economy and 

recovery from Covid-19, 

we continue to upskill 

and reskill our 

workforce so that they 

can remain relevant in 

the industry. 

GRI 405 – 

Diversity and 

equal 

opportunity 

Our approach to 

provide a diverse, 

inclusive and 

collaborative work 

culture, and an 

environment that 

values differences. 

Employees, 

Government 

and 

regulators 

 Sustainability 

Report 2021 

Page 21 - 22 

 To maintain zero 

reported issue of 

gender discrimination 

and continue to 

promote a culture of 

unity. 

5. Health and 

Safety 

(social aspect) 

GRI 403 – 

Occupational 

Health and Safety

Our measures in place 

to ensure that our 

employees are in a safe 

and secure working 

environment. 

Employees, 

Government 

and 

regulators, 

Business 

partners 

 Sustainability 

Report 2021 

Page 23 – 24 

 To attain zero safety 

incidents and maintain 

zero penalty or fine on 

breaches and non-

compliance by DOSH.  

 To monitor safety and 

health risks through 

effective risk mitigation 

management. 

GRI 416 – 

Customer Health 

and Safety 

Our practices in place to 

ensure all of our 

products are assessed 

for their Health, 

Environmental, and 

Safety impacts from the 

product development 

stage to the end 

customers. 

Customer, 

Government 

and 

regulators, 

Shareholders

, Suppliers, 

Business 

Partners 

 Sustainability 

Report 2021 

Page 25 - 26 

 To maintain zero 

incident of non-

compliance with 

regulations concerning 

health and safety 

impacts of our 

products.  

 

 


SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    12 | P a g e 

 



Material Sustainability Topics 

Economic Performance  

We were committed to delivering long-term value for our shareholders and other stakeholders, 

by striving to achieve long-term profitability. In FY2020’s Sustainability Report, we had hoped to 

market our 2K single head products in the USA and some European countries by second half of 

FY2020. Unfortunately, the plan has been delayed due to Covid-19. For the USA market, we are 

currently developing distribution channels and digital platform for our products. 

Our revenue has increased by RM47.5 million or 75.4% from RM63.1 million in FY2020 to RM110.6 

million in FY2021. Overall, year-on-year sales volume increased by 7.0 million cans or 68.0% from 

10.3 million cans in FY2020 to 17.3 million cans in FY2021, mainly due to higher demand from 

Malaysia and Indonesia. Other markets such as Thailand, Vietnam, Philippines, Cambodia, India, 

United Kingdom and Singapore shown a slight improvement in revenue as well in FY2021. 

Gross profit margin increased from 47.1% in FY2020 to 48.7% in FY2021. The increase in the gross 

profit margin was mainly due to the (i) increase of selling price across all range of products; and 

(ii) the depreciation of US Dollar which resulted in a slightly lower purchase price on imported 

materials.  Our other income of RM2.1 million as reported in FY2021 is mainly attributed by net 

foreign exchange gain. Aside from our income, our administrative expenses increased by RM3.0 

million mainly due to increase in personnel cost and other administration expenses and our 

marketing and distribution expenses also increased by RM7.4 million mainly due to enhancement 

of online and digital marketing activities carried out in FY2021. 

 

RM72,605

RM63,070

RM110,630

RM31,683

RM29,708

RM53,881

0

20,000

40,000

60,000

80,000

100,000

120,000

FY2019

FY2020

FY2021

Revenue and Gross Profit

Revenue (RM'000)

Gross Profit (RM'000)


SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    13 | P a g e 

 



Material Sustainability Topics 

Economic Performance (Cont’d) 

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our FY2021 Annual Report: 

 

Operations and financial review  

 

Consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income 

 

Statement of financial position 

 

Consolidated statement of changes in equity  

 

Consolidated statement of cash flows 

 

Targets for FY2022 

With the global economic impact of Covid-19 as well as the implementation of various movement 

control orders in Malaysia, we expect a difficult operating environment and conditions over the 

next 12 months. Nonetheless, we will make every effort to overcome these circumstances, 

expanding our sales while tightening cost controls. To preserve our market competitiveness, the 

Group will continue to improve online and offline marketing operations, as well as develop new 

and innovative products. 

 

 

43.6%

47.1%

48.7%

41%

42%

43%

44%

45%

46%

47%

48%

49%

50%

FY2019

FY2020

FY2021

Gross Profit Margin

Gross Profit Margin (%)


SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    14 | P a g e 

 



Material Sustainability Topics

Anti-corruption 

Corruption of any kind is not tolerated in Samurai 2K. When it comes to business ethics, we hold 

ourselves to the highest standards and fight bribery and corruption head on. Any alleged acts of 

corruption and bribery shall be carefully reviewed, investigated and due actions to be taken under 

the current zero tolerance policy for fraud, corruption, and unethical behaviour. Samurai 2K takes 

corruption extremely seriously, and we strictly adhere to our anti-corruption and anti-dishonesty 

related policies and processes. Any report of potential corruption or substantial issues brought to 

through the whistle-blowing route will be escalated to the Board.  

We expect all employees to uphold high ethical standards in accordance with the expectations 

set forth in the code of conduct, as we place a strong focus on ethical business conduct for all 

employees. Any unethical behaviour or malpractice including corruption or fraud will be met with 

severe consequences, including official disciplinary procedures. We have also circulated memo 

through emails to all employees to create awareness of the anti-corruption policy and the whistle-

blowing policy that the Group has in place.  

Whistleblowing Policy 

In keeping with its commitment to the highest levels of corporate governance, Samurai 2K has 

implemented a whistleblowing policy. Employees can report workplace misconduct to the Audit 

and Risk Committee in good faith and in confidentially. The Audit and Risk Committee will escalate 

any whistle-blower reports received to the Board during the Board meeting. The Audit and Risk 

Committee can conduct independent inquiries into any complaints and to take whatever action 

is necessary in response to the findings. 

Samurai 2K is dedicated to open communication to ensure that all issues were handled honestly 

and appropriately. As a result, a special email address (whistleblowing@samuraipaint.jp) has been 

established, and a note has been sent out to all employees informing them of the new channel. 

During FY2021, no reports of bribery and corruption in our commercial transactions with suppliers, 

dishonest practices, or other workplace improprieties were received. We were also glad to inform 

that for the fourth year in a row, the Company has not received reports of fraud or corporate 

malpractice. 

Below is a table to depict our performance relating to reported incidents of bribery and corruption 

over the past 3 years: 

Financial Report Period 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY2021 

Performance Indicator 

Incident report for bribery and corruption 

Target Set 

Zero Cases 

Zero Cases 

Zero Cases 

Our Performance  

Zero Cases 

Zero Cases 

Zero Cases 

 

Targets for FY2022 

As a long-term commitment, Samurai 2K will continue to promote the whistleblowing policy and 

remind our employees to follow the Group’s code of conduct. We will also continue to foster a 

transparent and accountable culture to maintain our record of zero reported non-compliances 

with regulations for years to come. 


SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    15 | P a g e 

 



Material Sustainability Topics  

Energy and Water Management  

 

We were conscious of our environmental responsibilities. We strive to optimise our electricity and 

water usage as a stakeholder in the environment in which we operate to ensure that resources 

were consumed only when they were needed and in the most efficient way possible.  

 

We have formalised our strategy in regulating energy usage in our production facility in Johor, 

Malaysia, in November 2018. We have also placed motion detectors in certain common areas to 

save electricity when there's been no movement for more than 5 minutes. Additionally, we 

continue to raise awareness and cultivate energy-saving behaviour amongst the employees by 

posting reminder-to-turn-off signs at the areas near to the switch of lights and air-conditioners 

throughout our factory/ office complexes.  

 

Although our energy conservation programme launched in FY2019 is still in place, we noticed a 

spike in the electricity and water usage in FY2021 as compared to FY2020. This is mainly due to 

increased production activities amidst the spike of revenue in FY2021 and Covid-19 preventive 

measures whereby for the safety of our employees, we have encouraged them to diligently clean 

their hands to prevent the spread of the virus. Nonetheless, our consumption of electricity and 

water per sales volume (cans) has been decreased in FY2021 which is attributable to our efficiency 

in consuming electricity and water during our day to day operations amidst the increase in 

revenue and operation activities. Please refer to the below table for our energy and water 

consumption as well as consumption per sales volume over the past three years:  

Total 

Consumption 

by Category 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY2021 

Electricity 

(kWh) 

624,619 

562,692 

623,613 

Water 

(litre/ 

m3) 

6,157 

4,145 

5,186 

 

Consumption per 

Sales Volume 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY2021 

Sales Volume – cans 

(’million) 

12.2 

10.3 

17.3 

Electricity (kWh) 

consumed per can 

0.051 

0.055 

0.036 

Water (litre/ m3) per 

can 

0.0005 

0.0004 

0.0003 

 

 

 


SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    16 | P a g e 

 



Material Sustainability Topics  

Energy and Water Management (Cont’d) 

 

Targets for FY2022 

We will continue to source for equipment with potential reduction in energy and water 

consumption. We will also strive to achieve our newly established yearly target in consumption 

of electricity and water i.e. 0.0378 kWh of electricity per sales volume (can) (i.e. 5% higher than 

the consumption recorded in FY2021 considering the post-Covid-19 normalisation process to take 

place after FY2021) and 0.0003 litre of water per sales volume (can) (i.e. baseline set according to 

the consumption recorded in FY2021), in order to better assess our performance in using energy 

and water. Moving forward, we will continue to promote our energy and water conservation 

programmes to cultivate good resource-saving practices across our organisation. 

 


SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    17 | P a g e 

 



Material Sustainability Topics  

Waste Management 

 

Samurai 2K understands the importance of waste management because we are involved in the 

research, development, and production of aerosol paint and coatings spray cans, which primarily 

entail the use of hazardous ingredients such as resins, pigments, additives, solvents, and 

propellants. As a result, waste management is critical in preventing environmental degradation. 

 

We have incorporated environmentally friendly practices into our manufacturing operations, by 

having designated wastage area and scheduled waste collection twice a month with authorised 

waste collector. We have also implemented protocols to closely monitor hazardous by-products 

and waste treatment processes. All employees have received training on the need of properly 

disposing of waste products. 

 

Management of environmental risks is one of the business priorities to Samurai 2K, and we are 

devoted to reducing our environmental impact in all aspects of our business. All our external 

trainings on waste management scheduled were postponed due to Malaysian government's 

Movement Control Order in FY2021. We are in the process of obtaining ISO14001: Environmental 

Management at our workplace to protect and improve the quality of life for our employees, 

customers, and communities. 

 

Target for FY 2022 

To protect the local people and the environment, we will continue to monitor waste created and 

ensure proper garbage disposal at all our operating locations. We also target to be ISO14001 

certified by end of 2021.  

 

 

 




SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    18 | P a g e 

 



Material Sustainability Topics  

Environmental Compliance 

 

As a corporate citizen, we have an important 

role to play in environmental conservation and 

protection. We believe that as a result of our 

operating activities, our actions may have an 

impact on the environment. As a result, we 

strive to operate in a manner that is both 

ecologically 

friendly 

and 

compliant 

with 

regulatory authorities. The Malaysia Environmental Quality Council's Environmental Quality 

(Prescribed Conveyance) (Scheduled Wastes) Order 2005, as well as Malaysia's environmental 

legislation, were carefully followed.  

 

We incorporate good environmental practices into our daily procedures in addition to complying 

with environmental legislation and regulations. Although we had to postpone the process of 

acquiring ISO14001: Environmental Management certification due to the Malaysian government's 

Movement Control Order, we have, however, begun to practice and implement ISO14001 in our 

daily operations. This demonstrates our commitment to environmental preservation while also 

serving as a guide for our workers as they carry out their responsibilities. 

 

We are pleased to report that there was no reported incident of violation of any environmental 

laws for FY2021. 

 

Below is a table to depict our performance relating to violation of environmental laws over the 

past 3 years: 

Financial Report Period 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY2021 

Performance Indicator 

Violation of environmental laws 

Target Set 

Zero Cases 

Zero Cases 

Zero Cases 

Our Performance  

Zero Cases 

Zero Cases 

Zero Cases 

 

Target for FY2022 

We will continue to adhere to all relevant environmental laws and regulations and aim to improve 

our environmental risk management in the future. At the same time, we make every effort to 

ensure that no environmental laws and regulations are broken. 

 

 




SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    19 | P a g e 

 



Material Sustainability Topics 

Training and Education 

Developing our employees is critical to our success at Samurai 2K. Through internal courses or on-

the-job training, we consistently provide learning and development options for our employees to 

improve themselves. This is to ensure that our employees have the skills and information they 

need to stay competitive in the business. 

 

We sent our employees to trainings in FY2021 to enhance their key capabilities, such as technical, 

business, and administrative skills. The trainings include “Kemudahan Penginapan Pekerja 

(Human Resource  Training)”, “Import/Export Documentation &amp; Procedures”, “SafetyEdge Virtual 

Conference 2021” and “Enviro360 Virtual Conference 2021” and we have managed to involve 

majority of our employees from Finance and HR department, Legal Department, Safety &amp; Health 

and Logistics Department to attend the trainings. 

 

We are pleased to report that in FY2021, we clocked higher average training hours per employee 

in each category as compared to FY2020. This is attributable to Covid-19 where many of the 

trainings were conducted online via virtual platforms and thus there is flexibility for our 

employees to plan and attend the online trainings based on their work schedule. We continue to 

facilitate constant upskilling of our employees through on-the-job trainings for employees who 

were still working in the office. 

Please refer to the below table for the statistics on average training hours conducted for each 

category of employees.  

Category of employee 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY2021 

Senior Management 

15.73 

11.52 

15.72 

Middle Management 

14.63 

10.32 

13.64 

Executive and Assistants 

10.32 

9.37 

12.97 

Female 

10.13 

9.16 

12.66 

Male 

14.46 

10.58 

13.58 



 



 

 


SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    20 | P a g e 

 



Material Sustainability Topics 

Training and Education (Cont’d) 

Annual formal performance assessments were conducted at Samurai 2K to ensure that 

performance expectations and results were clearly communicated and addressed. During the 

appraisal, any expectations or results for the coming year will be explicitly expressed to the 

personnel. We encourage our supervisors to provide regular and constructive feedback to their 

subordinates and to discuss any training and development needs. In FY2021, 5 employees were 

promoted, 62 employees received bonuses and 9 employees had salary increments. 

 

In light of the current Covid-19, we have adopted a number of measures over the last few months, 

such as temperature screening at all access points and keeping social distance at our facilities. We 

have also educated our employees on the necessity of following the Malaysian government's and 

health authorities' recommendations and Standard Operating Procedures. We also keep our 

personnel informed about Covid-19 on a regular basis. 

 

Targets for FY2022 

We intend to organise and implement more targeted internal and external training programs in 

the future so that our employees can achieve improvement in productivity and quality. In addition, 

we continue to upskill and reskill our targeted employees to keep them relevant in the business 

and better equip them for the digital economy and recovery from Covid-19. 


SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    21 | P a g e 

 



Material Sustainability Topics  

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

Regardless of race, age, gender, religion, or ethnicity, we were committed to hiring people who 

have the requisite skills and expertise to fit into their relevant roles at Samurai 2K. Furthermore, 

we understand the importance of having diverse workforce since it allows us to see things from 

various viewpoints and stimulates different thinking to solve problems. We always promote the 

working culture that values differences to generate desired business outcomes. We considered 

diversity and non-discrimination were critical to the Group's long-term viability and to improve 

employee satisfaction and retention. We are delighted to report that no incidents of gender 

discrimination were reported in FY2021. 

 

Below is a table to depict our performance relating to reported incidents of gender discrimination 

over the past 3 years: 

Financial Report Period 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY2021 

Performance Indicator 

Reported incidents of gender discrimination 

Target Set 

Zero Cases 

Zero Cases 

Zero Cases 

Our Performance  

Zero Cases 

Zero Cases 

Zero Cases 

 

Even though we work in a male-dominated business, women make up 58% of our senior and 

middle management positions in FY2021, an increase from 54% in FY2020. We believe that it is 

important to have more women in leadership positions as we will be able to improve gender 

diversity in leadership, thus leading to better decision-making and innovation. We foster an 

environment in which all our employees were treated fairly and with respect. We want to create 

a culture where all our employees have equal chances and can contribute to the success of our 

Group. We were also dedicated to maintaining a gender-neutral compensation structure. To 

establish a dynamic and innovative organisation, we continue to draw on the diverse perspectives, 

value-add, and contributions of our diverse employees. In addition, we have included policy and 

procedures on diversity and equal opportunity in our Employee Handbook. 

 

 


SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    22 | P a g e 

 



Material Sustainability Topics  

Diversity and Equal Opportunity (Cont’d) 

 

Please refer to the below tables for our full-time employee profile:  

Financial 

Year 

Gender 

Senior 

Management 

Middle 

Management 

Executive and 

Assistants 

FY2019 

Male 

8 

6 

69 

Female 

5 

11 

16 

FY2020 

Male 

11 

5 

61 

Female 

5 

14 

22 

FY2021 

Male 

9 

20 

59 

Female 

7 

33 

7 

 

Financial 

Year 

Age Group 

Senior 

Management 

Middle 

Management 

Executive and 

Assistants 

FY2019 

&lt;30 years old 

1 

6 

61 

30 to 50 years old 

9 

10 

24 

&gt;50 years old 

3 

1 

- 

FY2020 

&lt;30 years old 

1 

6 

54 

30 to 50 years old 

7 

11 

29 

&gt;50 years old 

8 

2 

- 

FY2021 

&lt;30 years old 

1 

34 

44 

30 to 50 years old 

6 

19 

22 

&gt;50 years old 

9 

- 

- 

 

Over the past year, the world was engulfed by the unforeseen circumstance of Covid-19. Whilst 

this has resulted in numerous challenges and disruptions across our operations, protecting the 

safety of our people and ensuring safe operations were top priorities of the Group and we are 

grateful for the support of all our employees during this unprecedented time.    

 

Targets for FY2022  

We will continue to develop a culture of unity amongst our diverse employees and preserve our 

zero reported case of gender discrimination in the future.


SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    23 | P a g e 

 



Material Sustainability Topics  

Occupational Health and Safety 

The health and safety of our employees were our priority at Samurai 2K. Our manufacturing 

process uses potentially hazardous, poisonous, or flammable raw materials. As a result, we have 

put in place safety procedures that our Health and Safety Committee (the "Committee") will 

monitor and oversee. A monthly Committee meeting will be held virtually to review previous 

topics discussed and safety inspection will be performed at our production facility located at Johor, 

Malaysia on a random spot-check basis.  

 

We prioritise health and safety in all our activities and we constantly work to reduce the risk of 

accidents and injuries to our employees. In line with statutory requirements, we provide our 

employees with personal protective equipment (“PPE”), safety training, such as Forklift Safety 

Training, Operational Problem-Solving Series, Safety Virtual Conference Edge, and Initial 

Ergonomic Training. On a regular basis, we also offer operational training programs, such as 

biennial On Job Training (by Work Process, as stated in Management's Safe Operation Procedures), 

to keep our employees abreast on the most recent safety measures and procedures. 

 

All new employees who were involved in production activities must participate in safety training 

and drills to be familiar with the operation of the machinery and equipment, as well as the safety 

measures and procedures during the manufacturing process. Every morning at the production 

facility, safety briefings with the supervisor, line leader, quality control technician, and operator 

were held to raise awareness of workplace safety. Before work begins, regular safety inspections 

will be carried out. Every two years, all personnel have to participate in emergency evacuation 

drills to familiarise themselves with the procedures. Any potentially dangerous activity will be 

reported to the Committee's Chairman, who will take appropriate action.  

 

We also follow the Malaysia Occupational Safety and Health Regulations 1996 to the letter. The 

Department of Occupational Safety and Health (“DOSH”), which is part of the Malaysia Ministry 

of Human Resources, regulates these laws, and the Group is subject to frequent and random 

inspections by the authorities.  For any violations, the Group will face financial penalties, and non-

compliance may result in the termination of its business license. We have not received any DOSH 

penalty notices for non-compliance with the Occupational Safety and Health Administration in 

FY2021. 

 

 


SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    24 | P a g e 

 



Material Sustainability Topics  

Occupational Health and Safety (Cont’d) 

To protect our employees from Covid-19, we have 

taken swift action in accordance with the advisories 

from Malaysian Government and Ministry of Health 

to reduce the risk of infection. All necessary PPE, 

such as earplug, safety shield, apron for filling 

operator, safety gloves and goggles were given to 

employees. Face masks are also provided to all employees daily.   

 

Given the existing state of affairs, we have also implemented the following measures of recording 

body temperature of all the employees and visitors who entered our plant, enforcing health 

declaration, checking in by scanning the MySejahtera application, social distancing measures by 

marking the floor with red lines to remind employees of safe distancing, doing sanitizing three 

times a day and fogging at the office daily. Furthermore, to reduce risks of infection at our 

Company compound, we have been working with 60% capacity in our office premises and the 

remaining 40% working from home. Any employee found to have any slight symptoms of Covid-

19 will be sent to the clinic for further checking. We have also started to conduct Rapid Swab Test 

for all our employees since January 2021 and for new joiner to ensure that all our employees are 

healthy and free of Covid-19 virus.  

 

Below is a table to depict our performance relating to reported incidents workplace injury and 

non-compliance issued by DOSH over the past 3 years: 

Financial Report Period 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY2021 

Performance Indicator 

Reported incidents of injury cases 

Target Set 

Zero Cases 

Zero Cases 

Zero Cases 

Our Performance  

2 Minor Non-fatal 

Cases 

Zero Cases 

2 Minor Non-fatal 

Cases 

Performance Indicator 

Reported incidents of non-compliance by DOSH 

Target Set 

Zero Cases 

Zero Cases 

Zero Cases 

Our Performance  

Zero Cases 

Zero Cases 

Zero Cases 

 

For the 2 minor non-fatal cases, we have taken immediate action to investigate the root cause of 

the incidents and the precaution safety measures (such as to provide proper trainings and 

briefings to all technician and production workers) are in place accordingly to avoid such incident 

recurring in the future. 

 

Targets for FY2022 

Going forward, we will aim to achieve zero safety incident and maintain a zero penalty or non-

compliance issued by DOSH. Through risk mitigation management, we will continue to monitor 

and reduce any safety and health hazards. 

 

 

 




SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    25 | P a g e 

 



Material Sustainability Topics  

Customer Health and Safety 

Customers are one of our most important stakeholders, thus their health and safety when using 

our products were paramount. Customers expect high-quality services and products, as well as 

after-sales support and ethical purchasing procedures. As a result, it was critical that we strived 

to meet their expectations and ensure that our products were safe to use to earn their trust. 

 

Our goods were evaluated for their Health, Environmental, and Safety impact from the product 

development stage onwards, with guidance available to end customers, so that any identified 

concerns were recorded and can be corrected immediately.  Customer contacts, market 

awareness, and evolving product trends influence our product conceptions. Our research teams 

will collaborate with our product safety and regulatory affairs department from the start of 

product development to ensure that our products were safe for use. Additionally, depending on 

the predicted end-use of the product, additional screening tests and modelling may be performed 

to allow our customers to complete safety evaluations and feedbacks. These principles were 

embedded in our new product development processes. 

 

We have controls in place in our Enterprise Resource Planning System to ensure that all items 

have a material safety data sheet before they were manufactured. All our research and 

development products were evaluated with proper lab testing. Once finalised, the products will 

be tagged with an Official Safety Data Sheet issued by the Quality Assurance Department (“QA”). 

Our production facilities were ISO9001:2015 certified and we perform annual quality assessment 

to maintain the quality standard of our products.  

 

We have protocols and systems in place to ensure the safe storage of hazardous substances, and 

we shared this information with our customers as needed. We have an Emergency Rescue Team 

(“ERT”) headed by a group of competent employees trained for emergency rescue training 

certified by the Fire and Rescue Department of Malaysia. We have also performed Hazard 

Identification, Risk Assessment and Risk Control (“HIRARC”) for all our processes. Furthermore, 

we have protocols in place to deal with emergency scenarios, such as the need to recall or remove 

a dangerous product that may have an impact on nearby population. Our sales and marketing 

teams collaborate closely with our research and regulatory departments to ensure that any health 

and safety information presented to customers is correct and consistent with the information 

sent out with the products we sell. 

 

We have also established systems in place to track any non-compliance with legislation or 

standards relating to our products' health and safety. There is also a formal complaint mechanism 

in place, and all our customers will be assigned to at least one sales representative. We intend to 

improve this approach and further integrate it into our business to identify any difficulties or areas 

of possible risk. 

 

We are delighted to share that no incidents of reported non-compliance with rules relating to the 

health and safety implications of our products occurred in FY2021.


SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    26 | P a g e 

 



Material Sustainability Topics



 



 

Customer Health and Safety (Cont’d) 

Below is a table to depict our performance relating to reported incidents of non-compliance with 

rules relating to health and safety implications over the past 3 years: 

Financial Report Period 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY2021 

Performance Indicator 

Reported incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and 

safety impacts of products 

Target Set 

Zero Cases 

Zero Cases 

Zero Cases 

Our Performance  

Zero Cases 

Zero Cases 

Zero Cases 

 

The Company has faced extraordinary hurdles because of Covid-19 and we will continue to keep 

a careful eye on the uncertain situation. During this time, we've been working closely with our 

customers to address obstacles and have changed our business strategy to cater to e-commerce 

and social media platforms to attract more end-uses in various markets. We are devoted to 

continuing to serve our customers and end-users and reacting to their requirements by utilising 

technology to keep in touch with them. 

 

Targets for FY2022  

We target to have zero incident of non-compliance 

with regulations relating to the health and safety 

implications of our products in the future. 

 

 

 

 




SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    27 | P a g e 

 



GRI Content Index  

GRI Standard/ Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for 

Omission, if applicable 

102-1 Name of the organisation  

3 

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 

5 

102-3 Location of headquarters  

4 

102-4 Location of operations 

5 

102-5 Ownership and legal form  

Annual Report 2021: Statistics of 

Shareholding 

102-6 Markets served 

5 

102-7 Scale of the organisation 

5, 12  

102-8 Information on employees and other workers  

21 - 22 

102-9 Supply chain  

7 

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain 

Not Applicable 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach  

8 and 25 

102-12 External initiatives 

 

Not Applicable  

102-13 Membership of associations 

Not Applicable 

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker 

3 

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour 

5 - 6  

102-18 Governance structure 

8 

102-40 List of stakeholder groups 

9 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

Not Applicable 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

9 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 

9 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 

10 - 11 

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

Annual Report 2021: Notes to the 

Financial Statements (Investment in 

subsidiaries) 

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 

4 

102-47 List of material topics 

10 - 11 

102-48 Restatements of information 

Not Applicable  

102-49 Changes in reporting 

Not Applicable  

102-50 Reporting period 

3 

102-51 Date of most recent report 

28 August 2020 

102-52 Reporting cycle 

4 

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 

4 

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

4 

102-55 GRI content index 

27 – 28 

102-56 External assurance 

4 

103-1 Explanation of the material topics and its boundary 

10 - 11 

103-2 The management approach and its components 

12 - 26 

103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 

12 - 26 


SAMURAI 2K AEROSOL LIMITED | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021    28 | P a g e 

 



GRI Content Index 

GRI Standard/ Disclosure 

Page Reference and Reasons for Omission, if 

applicable 

201-1 Direct economic value generated and 

distributed  

12 – 13 

Annual Report 2021: Operations and Financial 

Review, Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 

and Other Comprehensive Income 

205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

14 

205-2 Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures  

14 

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken 

14 

307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations 

18 

403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and 

communication on occupational health and safety 

23 - 24 

403-5 Worker training on occupational health and 

safety 

23 - 24 

403-9 Work-related injuries 

23 - 24 

404-1 Average hours of training per year per 

employee 

19 - 20 

404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programs 

19 - 20 

405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees 

21 - 22 

416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts 

of product and service categories 

25 - 26 

416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the 

health and safety impacts of products and services 

25 - 26 

murww.sa 

 

