
1

PROJECT

GALLERY




This sustainability report has been reviewed by the Company’s Sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited 

 (the “Sponsor”). This sustainability report has not been examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange  

Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”) and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this  

sustainability report including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in 

this sustainability report.

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr David Yeong (Telephone number: +65 6232 3210), at 1 Robinson Road, 

#21- 00 AIA Tower, Singapore 04854

CONTENTS

Message from Our Board Of Directors  

01

Organisational Profile  

02

Sustainability Approach 

03

Stakeholders And Materiality 

04

Economic 

06

Environmental 

08

Social 

09

Governance 

13

GRI Content Index 

14

Sanli Environmental Limited / Sustainability Report 2020


We are pleased to present our annual Sustainability Report 

(“SR”) of Sanli Environmental Limited (“Sanli”, the “Company”, 

and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) for the financial 

year ended 31 March 2020 (“FY2020”). 

Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy to create 

long-term value for all its stakeholders. As such, the key material 

economic, environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) 

factors for the Group are identified and cautiously reviewed by 

the management annually. The data and information provided 

in this report have not been verified by an independent 

third party. We have relied on internal data monitoring and 

verification to ensure accuracy of data and information. The 

Board of Directors of the Group (the “Board”) oversees the 

management and monitoring of these factors and takes them 

into consideration in the determination of the Group’s strategic 

direction and policies. 

REPORTING PERIOD,

SCOPE AND FRAMEWORK

This report has been prepared with reference to the Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards - Core option, and on a 

“comply or explain” basis in accordance with Rule 711B and 

Practice Note 7F of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (“SGX-ST”) Section B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist 

Rules”). Sanli has chosen the GRI framework as it is an 

internationally recognised reporting framework that covers a 

comprehensive range of sustainability disclosures. This report 

highlights the key EESG related initiatives and strategies for 

the Group’s operations in Singapore for the 12-month period 

from 1 April 2019 to 31 March 2020.

FEEDBACK

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards 

to our sustainability efforts as this enables us to consistently 

improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your 

comments and suggestions to phyllyst@sanli.com.sg.

There was no feedback received for FY2020.

 

23 September 2020

01

MESSAGE FROM 

OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 






Sanli Environmental Limited is an environmental engineering company in the field of water and waste management. Our expertise 

is in the design, supply, delivery, installation, commissioning, maintenance, repair and overhaul of mechanical and electrical 

equipment as well as process, instrumentation and control systems in wastewater treatment plants, water reclamation plants, 

NEWater plants, waterworks, service reservoirs, pumping stations and incineration plants.

Our business is divided into two main business segments:

ENGINEERING, PROCUREMENT 

AND CONSTRUCTION (“EPC”)

• 

We provide engineering, procurement and construction 

services within the field of water and waste management.

• 

Our services include process upgrading of existing 

water treatment plants, upgrading of pumping station 

capacities, replacement of aged mechanical and 

electrical equipment, and design and build of various 

treatment process systems.

OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE 

(“O&amp;M”)

• 

We provide corrective and preventive maintenance 

services to ensure reliability and minimal disruptions to 

customers’ operations.

Backed by our strong engineering capabilities, we have 

the ability to integrate mechanical, electrical and process 

engineering expertise to provide customised, cost- and  

time-efficient integrated engineering solutions and services to 

our customers.

Work Process

Tender

Planning



Waste Management

Engineering solutions 

and services for the 

treatment of refuse in 

incineration plants.

Water Management

Engineering solutions 

and services for the 

treatment of raw water 

and used water.

Customer Inquiry

/ Request

Execution

Commission 

and Handover

02

Sanli Environmental Limited / Sustainability Report 2020

ORGANISATIONAL

PROFILE


SANLI’S SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY

At Sanli, we are committed to conducting our business in a 

responsible and sustainable manner. To achieve and maintain 

our sustainability goals, the Group articulates our values 

through the following approach:

 

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE 

Strong governance is the key to a sustainable business. It is 

a continual challenge to successfully manage environmental 

and social issues. Sanli has incorporated this into our business 

model and implemented sustainable and responsible practices 

throughout the Group. We are committed to providing top 

notch services to meet the relevant safety and environmental 

requirements set out by our customers and the regulatory 

bodies. 

Sanli pays strict attention to enforcing good labour practices 

in all our operations. The Group provides various training 

opportunities for continuous employee development and 

this has been reflected in the quality and delivery of our 

services. We value our relationships with our clients and the 

wider community in which we operate, and these relationships 

forged have helped us through challenging times in the past. 

The Group strongly believes that in the long run, these efforts 

will be reciprocated through positive impacts on the Group’s 

economic performance.

Our Performance 

Throughout FY2020, we have complied in all material respects 

of the principles and provisions of the Code of Corporate 

Governance 2018 and achieved the predetermined targets 

that were set last year. The Board is aware and responsible 

for the standards of the Group’s corporate governance and 

impresses the importance to all employees. 

 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT 

Sanli believes that Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) is an 

integral part of good corporate governance as well as resource 

management. We have a thorough and comprehensive ERM 

framework to identify and manage risks and exposures in an 

integrated, systematic and consistent manner. For detailed 

disclosure on the Group’s risk management processes, please 

refer to pages 35 to 36 of our Annual Report (“AR”) 2020.

Our Performance 

In FY2020, we accomplished our target set last year, i.e., 

reviewed the ERM policies to ensure all relevant risks are 

identified, communicated and addressed timely.

BUSINESS ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE 

When it comes to hiring, we take into serious consideration any 

conflict of interests. Our code of conduct clearly lays out the 

Group’s expectations for our staff and spells out consequences 

for violating rules or not meeting expectations. In addition, 

we also have clear and fair grievance procedures for internal 

dispute resolution.

All of our staff are reminded of the importance of upholding 

the highest standards when it comes to business ethics. The 

Group regularly updates relevant staff with developments in 

international and local regulations. Sanli is proud to inform that 

it is in compliance, in all material aspects, with all environmental 

rules and regulations, anti-competitive practices and the 

Workplace Safety and Health Act. 

The Board is of the view that cyber security and data privacy 

are important not just for compliance, but in safeguarding 

both the Group’s data and that of our customers. Sanli takes 

measures to guard against cyber risks, protecting confidential 

information for both our internal and external stakeholders. 

This also applies to our employment process where the privacy 

of all applicants is safeguarded and access to personal data is 

restricted to authorised personnel on a need-to-know basis.

Our Performance

For FY2020, we have achieved the target we set last year. 

There were no (FY2019: nil) significant fines or non-monetary 

sanctions for non-compliance with laws and regulations.























Plan and 

Scope

Engage 

Stakeholders

Report

Assess 

Materiality

Collect

Data

Our Target (FY2021) 

Maintain zero incidents

of non-compliance

0

03

SUSTAINABILITY

APPROACH

Our Target (FY2021) 

Continue to comply with Code of 

Corporate Governance 2018

Our Target (FY2021) 

Review ERM policies annually


04

Sanli Environmental Limited / Sustainability Report 2020

STAKEHOLDERS 

AND MATERIALITY

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT 

We have identified our key stakeholders and material aspects 

that are instrumental to our business. The interests and 

requirements of our key stakeholders are taken into account 

when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders 

include, but are not limited to, customers, suppliers, 

shareholders, employees, and regulators. We adopt both 

formal and informal channels of communication to understand 

the needs of our key stakeholders, so as to include and align 

the needs of the key stakeholders in our corporate strategies 

to achieve mutually beneficial relationships.

KEY STAKEHOLDERS

ENGAGEMENT PLATFORMS

FREQUENCY OF ENGAGEMENT

KEY CONCERNS RAISED

Employees

Staff appraisal

Annually

Employee compensation 

and benefits, personal 

development

Town hall session

Annually

Get-together session and

Badminton competitions

Semi-annually

Customers

Face-to-face / Virtual meetings and 

feedbacks

Daily

Quality of services,

on-time completion

Occasional site-visits

Ad-hoc

Suppliers

Face-to-face / Virtual meetings

Daily

Prompt payment, accurate 

specifications, selection of 

reliable suppliers

Evaluation and feedback

Annually

Shareholders

Annual general meeting

Annually

Financial and operational 

performance of the Group, 

corporate governance and 

sustainability practices, 

business strategies of the 

Group

Annual report

Annually

Corporate announcements and 

financial results announcements

Ad-hoc

Company website

–

Regulators

Occasional face-to-face meeting / 

inspections

Ad-hoc

Full-compliance to regulations

E-mails

Ad-hoc

Surveys

Ad-hoc










Identification

Prioritisation

Validation

Review

Economic

Economic Performance

Anti-Corruption

Social

Occupational Health 

and Safety 

Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity

Local Communities

Socioeconomic Compliance

Governance

Sustainability Governance 

Enterprise Risk

Management

Business Ethics and

Compliance

Environmental

Energy

Environmental Compliance

05

STAKEHOLDERS

AND MATERIALITY

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment during the 

year. We engaged our employees from different departments 

and sought our internal stakeholders’ feedback for prioritisation 

of these topics. The material issues are reviewed annually and 

updated from the previous reporting period, after incorporating 

input gathered from stakeholders’ engagements.

MATERIAL ASPECTS ASSESSMENT 

In order to identify and prioritise a material factor, we assessed 

its potential impact on the economy, environment and society 

and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying the guidance 

from GRI, we have identified the following as our material 

factors: 

Impact Boundary: Sanli Environmental Limited – Employees, Project Sites, Office, Community

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant aspects. Relevant aspects are then prioritised 

to identify material factors which are subject to validation. The end result of this process is a list of material factors 

disclosed in this report. Process of which is shown below:


06

Sanli Environmental Limited / Sustainability Report 2020

ECONOMIC

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

Sanli firmly believes that the financial sustainability of the 

Group is critical, and we are fully committed to the highest 

standards of corporate governance. The Group’s basic principle 

is to ensure long-term profitability and shareholders’ value, by 

taking into account the interests of all stakeholders, such as 

shareholders, employees, suppliers and society as a whole.

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our FY2020 Annual Report:

•  Financial Review, pages 4 to 5;

•  Financial Highlights, pages 8; 

•  Financial Statements and Notes to Financial Statements , pages 50 to 98



(FY2019 : S$71.4 mil)

(FY2019 : S$57.8 mil)

(FY2019 : S$13.5 mil)

(FY2019 : S$9.8 mil)

S$67.1mil

S$53.9mil

S$13.1mil

S$7.4mil

REVENUE FY2020

EPC REVENUE FY2020

O&amp;M REVENUE FY2020

GROSS PROFIT FY2020

6.0% 

6.7% 

3.0% 

24.1% 

Our Performance 

Our Target (FY2021) 

Remain cautious with regards to market 

conditions and continue to be vigilant 

in managing costs and improving 

operational efficiencies


Our Target (FY2021) 

• Regularly review 

our policies on 

whistleblowing and 

 

anti-corruption.

• Maintain zero 

reported incidents of 

anti-corruption and 

whistleblowing.

07

ECONOMIC

An extract from our Full Yearly Results Announcement 

dated 28 July 2020, paragraph 10

A commentary at the date of the announcement of the 

significant trends and competitive conditions of the 

industry in which the group operates and any known factors 

or events that may affect the group in the next reporting 

period and the next 12 months. 

The Covid-19 pandemic has had a pervasive impact across 

many sectors, including the water and waste management 

industry in which the Group operates.  

The pandemic’s disruptions to the Group’s operations include: 

• A temporary interruption in the supply chain in the last 

quarter of the financial year ended 31 March 2020, due to 

delayed shipments of materials from China following the 

country’s implementation of pandemic-containment safety 

measures;  

• A halt in Singapore operations for the Engineering, 

Procurement, and Construction segment, following the 

enforcement of Circuit Breaker lockdown measures starting 

in April 2020, though the Group has been able to continue 

activities for the Operations and Maintenance segment 

during the Circuit Breaker period as these are considered 

essential services as designated by the Singapore 

government; and

• Disruption in manpower due to pandemic’s effect on 

the foreign worker community in Singapore, and the 

subsequent counter- measures put in place by the Singapore 

government, which include movement restrictions and 

quarantine measures. 

The Group’s supply chain has since been restored and we 

have been able to progressively resume our operations. We 

will continue to manage our manpower such that we are able 

to successfully execute our projects while ensuring safety and 

health of our staff. Overall, we expect the Covid-19 pandemic 

to impact the Group’s financial performance for the upcoming 

financial year ending 31 March 2021, though we are unable to 

fully ascertain the full impact at this point. We will continue to 

assess the impact of the pandemic on the Group and update 

shareholders as and where there are material developments. 

Looking ahead, we believe that ensuring sustainable water 

supply for Singapore will continue to be an ongoing and 

important focus of the government. With large-scale projects 

such as the Deep Tunnel Sewerage System (“DTSS”) 

continuing to be a priority, we expect the public sector water 

and waste management industry to remain a stable source 

of business opportunities for the Group. The Group recently 

secured a sub-contract through its wholly-owned subsidiary, 

Sanli M&amp;E Engineering Pte. Ltd., for the Mechanical, Electrical 

and Instrumentation Control and Automation portion of the 

Tuas Water Reclamation Plant Contract 4A – Biosolids and 

Digesters, which is a component of the DTSS Phase 2 project. 

While competition within our sector will continue to be stiff, 

the Group is encouraged by this recently secured sub-contract 

and is optimistic that its established track record and expertise 

in this field will allow it to continue securing more projects. 

Moving forward, the Group retains a cautiously optimistic 

outlook on its operations. In line with the Group’s renewed 

leadership as announced on SGXNet on 21 April 2020, the 

Group will focus on strengthening the abilities of its team, as 

well as driving innovation through technology, with the aim of 

enhancing the Group’s capabilities to take on larger projects.

ANTI-CORRUPTION

We do not tolerate corruption in any form. This has been made clear to all of the 

Group’s employees, suppliers and business partners. Dedicated whistleblowing 

hotlines, through both email and electronic platforms, are set up so that anyone 

wanting to report any business ethics issue can do so confidentially. Any report of 

corruption will be escalated to the attention of the Audit Committee.

Whistleblowing Policy 

Our whistleblowing policy provides a transparent channel for employees to report 

any concern or complaint regarding any improper accounting or financial matters, 

internal controls, disclosure of information, conflict of interest, insider trading, or any 

other areas involving fraud, corruption and misconduct of employees. The public, 

customers and stakeholders can also report possible improprieties or provide other 

feedback through the Company’s website at https://www.sanli.com.sg. 

Our Performance 

Our Group had accomplished the goal set in FY2019 to have zero (FY2019: Nil) 

reported incidents of corruption and whistleblowing cases in FY2020. 


08

Sanli Environmental Limited / Sustainability Report 2020

ENERGY

We encourage the use of energy efficient lighting and green 

label photocopiers in the office. Our premises uses LED lighting 

and we have an auto light-on system on level one in order to 

reduce carbon waste. We put up stickers at every level’s switch 

ports to remind our employees to switch off power sources 

after use. 

Our Performance

In FY2020, our total energy consumption for HQ was 

108,933kWh. 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

Here at Sanli, compliance with relevant Codes and Regulations 

on environmental issues is of utmost importance and we take 

steps at all our work sites to ensure the requirements are met 

throughout the duration of the projects.

Our Performance

In FY2020, we achieved our target of no (FY2019: nil) incidence 

of non-compliance with laws and regulations resulting in 

significant fines or sanctions set in FY2019.

We endeavour to minimise the potential impact of our 

operations on the environment by putting in place proper 

processes for waste reduction and waste management. We 

encourage the use of renewable materials and resources, and 

where possible, reduce waste through re-using and recycling. 

We avoid any unnecessary use of hazardous materials 

and products and take all reasonable steps to protect the 

environment when such materials must be used, stored or 

disposed of.

Sanli aims to minimise the environmental impacts its operations 

create by having the following measures in place to protect the 

environment.

1. Certification

We have attained ISO 14001:2015 renewal certificate, 

which is the standard required for Effective Environmental 

Management System. 

2. Promoting Green Practices – Green Building 

(Headquarters located at 28 Kian Teck Drive)

a. 

We have built a Lift Green Wall with an area of L2400mm 

by H13400mm and a two-sided of HyGroWall with an 

area of L6100mm by H3000mm at the office reception 

area.

b. We have maintained the effort to fulfill the Skyrise 

Greenery Incentive Scheme for 5 years since FY2018.

• 

The Greenery helps to clean outside air, pollutants, 

and dust that helps to offset the carbon footprint of 

people and fuel emissions. 

• 

The Greenery also helps to reduce the Volatile 

Organice Compounds’ impact on indoor air quality 

and other harmful toxins such as benzene. It also 

acts like a sound proofing barrier and is naturally 

cooling, effectively reducing the heat transfer 

through building walls into the interior building 

space, thus leading to possible energy savings. 

• 

The system has improved the air ventilation within 

the premises by providing better quality air.

3. Paper

In our efforts to reduce paper usage, we have provided our 

staff with tips on paper conservation such as printing only 

where necessary, printing on both sides of the paper, and 

reusing and recycling used paper. Recycling boxes are also 

conveniently placed beside the photocopier machine.

ENVIRONMENTAL

Our Target (FY2021) 

To improve electricity saving by 1% 

in FY2021

Our Target (FY2021) 

Maintain zero incidence of 

non-compliance with laws and 

regulations resulting in 

significant fines or sanctions. 

0


09

Our Workplace, Health and Safety department is responsible 

for ensuring that the safety measures which we have put in 

place are adhered to. Such measures include: 

Conducting periodic and necessary risk assessments 

for all our projects to identify the risks and gaps, 

and implementing mitigating procedures in order to 

achieve an accident-free environment or minimise 

risks to an acceptable level.

Conducting regular safety meetings and providing 

sufficient management support and resources to 

plan, implement and execute safety measures 

in compliance with workplace health and safety 

legislations and other requirements which include 

directives, guidelines and standards prescribed by 

our Group.

Allocating safety supervisors to our projects, 

where relevant, and conducting regular worksite 

inspections as well as tools and equipment checks.

Improving the competency of our employees and 

cultivating good safety habits through proper 

training, instruction and guidance and ensuring that 

workplace safety and health matters are effectively 

communicated to all employees.

Monitoring the effectiveness of risk control measures 

which have been implemented and conducting a 

third-party audit or an internal review to ensure that 

safety measures are adhered to.

In view of the global pandemic, the Group has 

established additional safety measures to ensure 

our employees’ health, safety and wellbeing. Taking 

guidance from the Ministry of Health’s advisories 

to-date, temperature screening and safe distancing 

measures for all employees are implemented and 

required on a daily basis. We have also appointed 

Safety Management and Distancing Officers to 

implement and maintain all necessary control 

measures at the office and worksites. These 

practices are also implemented at our employees’ 

dormitories and transportation of our work pass 

holders. Mental health and psychosocial support 

are made available to our employees if requested, 

as we conduct regular communications with our 

employees on their wellbeing.

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

Our employees’ safety and health at the workplace is one of our 

top priorities, and our ultimate goal is to have a zero accident 

workplace. We are committed to managing and reducing 

safety and health risks through effective risk management.

Our Workplace, Health &amp; Safety department is independent 

from the operational departments and is responsible for 

the monitoring of the workplace to provide a safe working 

environment for all our staff and clients. A toolbox briefing, 

in accordance with the Workplace Safety and Health Council’s 

Effective Toolbox Meeting guideline is held at each worksite 

every morning. A toolbox talk is an informal safety meeting 

that is part of the Group’s overall safety program, which covers 

special topics on safety aspects related to a specific job. 

Toolbox meetings are generally conducted at the job site prior 

to the commencement of a job or work shift.  Meetings are 

normally short in duration and cover topics such as workplace 

hazards, and safe work practices. It is one of the very effective 

methods to refresh workers’ knowledge on workplace safety, 

cover last minute safety checks, and exchange information 

with experienced workers.

We have established a strict set of workplace, health and safety 

management policies applicable to our project managers, 

engineers, supervisors, foremen, workers and subcontractors 

for all projects. These policies cover all stages of our projects, 

from the time we occupy the worksites, up to the point of 

completion of the projects. In addition, all environmental 

aspects and occupational health safety hazards which are 

within our control or under our management, as well as those 

that we cannot control or directly manage but are expected to 

affect our projects, are covered in the policies.

Our Performance 

We are pleased to confirm that we have reached our target set 

in FY2019 that zero (FY2019: nil) fatal accidents were reported 

in FY2020. 

Our Target (FY2021) 

• Zero incident of health, safety and environment 

non-conformity, accident and ill health.

• Establish and strategically devised a Health, 

Safety and Environmental (HSE) plan. 

SOCIAL


10

Sanli Environmental Limited / Sustainability Report 2020

As a testament to our commitment in maintaining high safety standards, we have been awarded the following certifications:





The Workplace Safety and Health Council

is pleased to certify that

has fulfilled the requirements to attain bizSAFE Level Star

SANLI M&amp;E ENGINEERING PTE. LTD.

Patrick Han

General Manager

Workplace Safety and Health Council

Date of issue: 06/02/2020

Certificate No. E03950

This certificate is valid till 21/03/2022









SOCIAL


11

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

Sanli’s staff recruitment and annual appraisals are conducted 

based on performance, work attitude, cooperation with other 

staff and workers and efficiency and effectiveness of work. 

The Group does not discriminate one’s race, age, gender, 

religion, ethnicity, disability or nationality. In FY2020, we have 

a staff strength of 327 (FY2019: 361) full-time employees and 

one (FY2019: none) temporary/ contractual employees. The 

decrease in headcount is mainly due to the completion of 

project and contract staff.

The Group considers its employees to be its most valuable asset 

and offers them fair and competitive remuneration packages. 

Remuneration policies and packages are reviewed regularly 

to ensure that the compensation and benefits are in line with 

the market and that the employees are rewarded for their 

contributions, thus aligning the interests of the employees to 

those of the Group’s. Variable bonuses are granted to eligible 

employees based on the individual employee’s contribution 

to the Group, profitability of the Group, current economic/ 

business situation, government’s wage guidelines, and internal 

and external salary equality. Contributions to retirement 

benefit schemes are offered as part of the remuneration 

package in accordance to The Retirement Age Act. The official 

retirement age is 62 years old but may be extended based on 

mutual agreement between the Company and the employee. 

In FY2020, we had 8 (FY2019: 6) employees who are above 

62 years old. The Group will also continue to recruit and 

groom young talent, while at the same time acquiring senior 

experienced professionals e.g. retirees.

The ratio of female employees in the Group and our industry is relatively low due 

to the nature of our business. Our female employees represent 7% of our total 

workforce, and makes up 11% of our Senior Management.

Our Performance 

There have been no (FY2019: nil) reported incidents of 

complaints on discrimination for FY2020.

Our Target (FY2021) 

Zero complaints on discrimination and 

continue to have diversity and equal 

opportunity for all employees.

0

Gender

Senior Management

Group

11%

7%

89%

93%

Nationality

Age

&lt; 30 years

30-50 years

&gt; 50 years

Indian

Bangladeshi

Others

Malaysian

Singaporean

133, 40%

36, 11%

63, 19%

81, 25%

127, 39%

21, 6%

160, 49%

35, 11%

SOCIAL


12

Sanli Environmental Limited / Sustainability Report 2020

LOCAL COMMUNITIES

In addition to pursuing economic growth, our Group also focuses on giving back to the community through corporate social 

responsibility initiatives.



2019 Yellow Ribbon Run

Our Performance 

In FY2020, we have achieved the target we set last year and participated 

in 2019 Yellow Ribbon Run. This took place on 15 September 2019.

The beneficiary of the run was the Yellow Ribbon Fund, which was 

established in 2004 with the aim of developing and implementing 

rehabilitation and reintegration programmes for ex-offenders, as well as 

providing financial support for families of the incarcerated. Additionally, 

the run was also held to raise awareness within society of the plight of 

ex-offenders, as well as to inspire the community to give former inmates 

a chance to rebuild their lives after their release. 47 of our staff took part 

in the initiative, either in the 5-kilometre fun walk or the 10-kilometre 

competitive run. We are hopeful that our contribution will help to provide 

support for ex-offenders and current inmates, as well as their families.

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE  

We pride ourselves in having good corporate governance and observing 

compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Sanli is committed to 

conducting the business with integrity and to safeguarding the interests 

of all our stakeholders, both internal and external. 

Our Performance

There were no (FY2019: Nil) reported incidents of non-compliance during 

FY2020.     

We have achieved our target set in FY2019, which was to maintain zero 

incident of non-compliance. 

Our Target (FY2021) 

Zero incident of non-compliance 

and continue to comply 

with socioeconomics laws 

and regulation.

Our Target (FY2021) 

Continue to seek opportunities to 

contribute and foster a corporate

culture that cares about giving back

to the community. 

0

SOCIAL




13





Memberships

The Board and the Management of Sanli commit to the best practices of the corporate governance to ensure sustainability of 

the Group’s operations. We believe that the constant drive to upkeep corporate excellence will allow us to establish a more 

transparent, accountable and equitable system, thereby increasing the value of the Company and the value to our shareholders. 

Please refer to the Annual Report 2020 pages 16 to 42 for the details of the Group’s Corporate Governance Report.

GOVERNANCE


14

Sanli Environmental Limited / Sustainability Report 2020

GRI CONTENT

INDEX

GRI CONTENT INDEX

GRI STANDARDS

DISCLOSURE

REFERENCE / DESCRIPTION

GRI 101: FOUNDATION 2016

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

GRI 102: 

General

Disclosures

102-1

Name of organisation

Sanli Environmental Limited

102-2

Activities, brands, products and services

SR: Organizational Profile, 2

102-3

Location of headquarters

AR: Corporate Information, 14

102-4

Location of operations

AR: CEO’s message, 2 - 3 

102-5

Ownership and legal form

AR: Organisational Profile, 3

102-6

Markets served

AR: CEO’s message, 2 - 3

102-7

Scale of the organisation

AR: Financial Review, 4 - 5

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

SR: Social, 11

102-9

Supply chain

SR: Organizational Profile, 2

102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and 

its supply chain

None

102-11 Precautionary Principle or approach

Sanli supports the intent of the Precautionary 

Principle, but has not expressed a specific 

commitment. 

102-12 External initiatives

SR: Social, 12

102-13 Membership of associations

SR: Membership, 13

102-14 Statement from senior decision maker

SR: Message from our Board of Directors, 1

102-16 Values, principles, standards and norms of behavior

AR: Corporate Profile, 1

102-18 Governance structure

AR: Corporate Governance Report, 16 - 42

102-40 List of stakeholder groups

SR: Stakeholders and Materiality, 4

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements

None

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders

SR: Stakeholders and Materiality, 4

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement

SR: Stakeholders and Materiality, 4

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised

SR: Stakeholders and Materiality, 4

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

AR: Notes to Financial Statements, 86 - 87

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries

SR: Message from our Board of Directors, 1

102-47 List of material topics

SR: Stakeholders and Materiality, 5

102-48 Restatement of information

None

102-49 Changes in reporting

None

102-50 Reporting period

SR: Message from our Board of Directors, 1

102-51 Date of most recent previous report

26 July 2019

102-52 Reporting cycle

Annually

102-53 Contact point for questions about the report

SR: Message from our Board of Directors, 1

102-54 Claims if reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

SR: Message from our Board of Directors, 1

102-55 GRI content index

SR: GRI Content Index, 14 - 15

102-56 External Assurance

SR: Message from our Board of Directors, 1


15

GRI CONTENT

INDEX

GRI STANDARDS

DISCLOSURE

REFERENCE / DESCRIPTION

GRI 101: FOUNDATION 2016

MATERIAL TOPICS

GRI 201: 

Economic 

performance

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

SR: Economic, 6

GRI 205: 

Anti-

corruption

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption

SR: Economic, 7

GRI 302: 

Energy 

302-1

Energy consumption within the organization

SR: Environmental, 8

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations SR: Environmental, 8

GRI 403: 

Occupational

health and 

safety

403-1

Occupational health and safety management system

SR: Social, 9 - 10

403-5

Worker training on occupational health and safety

GRI 405: 

Diversity 

and equal 

opportunity

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

SR: Social, 11

GRI 413: 

Local 

Communities

413-2

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programs

SR: Social, 12

GRI 419: 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social 

and economic area

SR: Social, 12






SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore on 27 February 2017)

(Company Registration No. 201705316M)

28 Kian Teck Drive

Singapore 628845

Tel: (65) 6578 9269

www.sanli.com.sg



NEXT LEAP

FORWARD

S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 2 0

