



1

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED

Sustainability Report 2019

 

 

 

 

CONTENTS 

 

02 MESSAGE FROM OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

03 ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

04 SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

06 STAKEHOLDERS AND MATERIALITY 

08 ECONOMIC 

10 ENVIRONMENTAL 

11 SOCIAL 

17 GOVERNANCE 

18 GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This sustainability report has been reviewed by the Company’s Sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited (the “Sponsor”). 

This sustainability report has not been examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 

(the “SGX-ST”) and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this sustainability report including the 

correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this sustainability report. 

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr David Yeong (Telephone number: +65 6232 3210), at 1 Robinson Road,  

#21-00 AIA Tower, Singapore 048542. 




2

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED

Sustainability Report 2019

 

 

 



MESSAGE FROM OUR BOARD OF 

DIRECTORS  

 

We are pleased to present our annual Sustainability Report of Sanli Environmental Limited (“Sanli”, 

the “Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) for the financial year ended 31 March 

2019 (“FY2019”).  

 

Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its stakeholders. 

As such, the key material economic, environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) factors for the 

Group have been identified and cautiously reviewed by the management annually. The data and 

information provided in this report have not been verified by an independent third party. We have 

relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy of data and information. The 

board of directors of the Group (the “Board”) oversees the management and monitoring of these 

factors and takes them into consideration in the determination of the Group’s strategic direction and 

policies.  

 

REPORTING PERIOD, SCOPE AND FRAMEWORK 

This report has been prepared based on the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards - Core 

option, and  on a “comply or explain” basis in accordance with Rule 711B and Practice Note 7F of the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Section B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist 

Rules”). Sanli has chosen the GRI framework as it is an internationally recognised reporting 

framework that covers a comprehensive range of sustainability disclosures. This report highlights the 

key EESG related initiatives and strategies for the Group’s operations in Singapore for the12-month 

period, from 1 April 2018 to 31 March 2019. 

 

FEEDBACK 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables 

us to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and 

suggestions to phyllyst@sanli.com.sg. 

 

19 July 2019  

 

 

 


3

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED

Sustainability Report 2019

 

 

 



ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

We are an environmental engineering company with more than ten years of experience  in the field of 

water and waste management. 

 

Our expertise is in the design, supply, delivery, installation, commissioning, maintenance, repair and 

overhaul of mechanical and electrical equipment as well as process, instrumentation and control 

systems in wastewater treatment plants, water reclamation plants, NEWater plants, waterworks, 

service reservoirs, pumping stations and incineration plants. 

 

ENGINEERING, PROCUREMENT 

AND CONSTRUCTION (“EPC”) 

 

• 

We provide engineering, procurement and 

construction services within the field of 

water and waste management. 

• 

Our services include process upgrading of 

existing water treatment plants, upgrading 

of pumping station capacities, replacement 

of aged M&amp;E equipment, and design and 

build of various treatment process systems. 

• 

EPC contracts are usually between one to 

three years in duration.  

– WATER MANAGEMENT 

Engineering solutions and services for the 

treatment of raw water and used water. 

 

– WASTE MANAGEMENT 

Engineering solutions and services for the 

treatment of refuse in incineration plants. 

 

OPERATIONS AND 

MAINTENANCE (“O&amp;M”) 

 

• 

We provide corrective and preventive 

maintenance services to ensure reliability 

and minimal disruptions to customers’ 

operations. 

• 

O&amp;M contracts are usually between two to 

three years in duration.  

Backed by our strong engineering capabilities, 

we have the ability to integrate mechanical, 

electrical and process engineering expertise to 

provide customised, cost and time efficient 

integrated engineering solutions and services 

to our customers. 

 

 

 

 

 



---------------- WORK PROCESS ---------------- 



















Customer Inquiry 

/ Request 



Tender 



Planning 



Execution 



Commission and 

Handover 


4

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED

Sustainability Report 2019

 

 

 



SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

 

SANLI’S SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY 

 

 

 

At Sanli, we are committed to conduct our business in a responsible and sustainable manner. To 

achieve and maintain our sustainability goals, the Group articulates our values through the following 

approaches:  

 

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE  

Strong governance is the key to a sustainable business. It is a continual challenge to successfully 

manage environmental and social issues. Sanli has incorporated this into our business model and 

implemented sustainable and responsible practices throughout the Group. We are committed to 

provide top notch services to meet the relevant safety and environmental requirements set out by our 

customers and the regulatory bodies.  

 

Sanli pays strict attention to enforcing good labour practices in all our operations. The Group provides 

various training opportunities for continuous employee development and this has been reflected in the 

quality and delivery of our services. We value our relationships with our clients and the wider 

community in which we operate, and these relationships forged have helped us through challenging 

times in the past. The Group strongly believes that in the long run, these efforts will be reciprocated 

through positive impacts on the Group’s economic performance. 

 

We will continue to comply with the Code of Corporate Governance and meet all requirements that 

are expected of us by our stakeholders. 

 

 

1. Plan and 

Scope 

2. Engage 

Stakeholders 

3. Assess 

Materiality 

4. Collect 

Data 

5. Report 


5

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED

Sustainability Report 2019

 

 

 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT  

Sanli believes that Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) is an integral part of good corporate 

governance as well as resource management. We have a thorough and comprehensive ERM 

framework to identify and manage risks and exposures in an integrated, systematic and consistent 

manner. For detailed disclosure on the Group’s risk management processes, please refer to pages 36 

to 38 of our Annual Report 2019. 

 

We aim to regularly review the ERM policies to ensure all relevant risks are identified, communicated 

and addressed timely. 

 

BUSINESS ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE  

When it comes to hiring, we take into serious consideration any conflict of interests. Our code of 

conduct clearly lays the Group’s expectations for our staff and spells out consequences for violating 

rules or not meeting expectations. In addition, we also have clear and fair grievance procedures for 

internal dispute resolution. 

 

All of our staff are reminded of the importance of upholding the highest standards when it comes to 

business ethics. The Group regularly updates relevant staff with development in international and 

local regulations. Sanli is proud to inform that it is in compliance, in all material aspects, with all 

environmental rules and regulations, anti-competitive practices and the Workplace Safety and Health 

Act.  

 

The Board is of the view that cyber security and data privacy are important not just for compliance, 

but in safeguarding both the Group’s data and that of our customers. Sanli takes measures to guard 

against cyber risks, protecting confidential information for both our internal and external stakeholders. 

This also applies to our employment process where the privacy of all applicants is safeguarded and 

access to personal data is restricted to authorised personnel on a need-to-know basis. 

 

For the financial year ended 31 March 2019, there were no significant fines or non-monetary 

sanctions for non-compliance with laws and regulations (FY2018: Nil). It is the Group’s goal to 

maintain zero incidents of non-compliance.  

 

 


6

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED

Sustainability Report 2019

 

 

 

STAKEHOLDERS AND MATERIALITY 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT  

We have identified our key stakeholders and material aspects that are instrumental to our business. 

The interests and requirements of our key stakeholders are taken into account when formulating 

corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, but are not limited to, customers, suppliers, 

shareholders, employees, and regulators. We adopt both formal and informal channels of 

communication to understand the needs of our key stakeholders, so as to include and align the needs 

of the key stakeholders in our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships. 

 

Key	Stakeholders	

Engagement	Platforms	

Frequency	of	

Engagement	

Key	Concerns	Raised	

Employees

 

 

Staff	appraisal	

Annually	

Employee	compensation	

and	benefits,	personal	

development	

Town	hall	session	

Annually	

Get-together	session	

Badminton	competitions	

Semi-annually	

Customers	

 

 

Face-to-face	meetings	and	

feedbacks	

Daily	

Quality	of	services,	on-time	

completion	

Occasional	site-visits	

Ad-hoc	

Suppliers	

 

 

Face-to-face	meetings	

Daily	

Prompt	payment,	accurate	

specifications,	selection	of	

reliable	suppliers	

Evaluation	and	feedback	

Annually	

Shareholders	

 

 

Annual	general	meeting	

Annually	

Financial	and	operational	

performance	of	the	Group,	

corporate	governance	and	

sustainability	practices,	

business	strategies	of	the	

Group	

Annual	report	

Annually	

Corporate	announcements	

and	financial	results	

announcements	

Ad-hoc	

Company	website	

- 

 

Regulators	

 

 

 

 

Occasional	face-to-face	

meeting	/	inspections	

Ad-hoc	

Full-compliance	to	

regulations	

E-mails	

Ad-hoc	

Surveys	

Ad-hoc	

 














7

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED

Sustainability Report 2019

 

 

 

IDENTIFICATION 

PRIORITISATION 

VALIDATION 

REVIEW 

MATERIAL ASPECTS ASSESSMENT  

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant aspects. Relevant aspects are then 

prioritised to identify material factors which are subject to validation. The end result of this process is 

a list of material factors disclosed in this report. Process of which is shown below: 

 

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment during the year. We engaged our employees 

from different departments and sought our internal stakeholders’ feedback for prioritisation of these 

topics. The material issues are reviewed annually and updated from the previous reporting period, 

after incorporating inputs gathered from stakeholders’ engagements. 

 

In order to identify and prioritise a material factor, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment and society and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying the guidance from GRI, we 

have identified the following as our material factors:  

 

Impact Boundary: Sanli Environmental Limited – Employees, Project Sites, Office, Community 

 



ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

Environmental Compliance 

 



GOVERNANCE 

 

Sustainability Governance 

Enterprise Risk Management 

  Business Ethics and 

Compliance 



SOCIAL 

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

Local Communities 

Socioeconomic compliance 



ECONOMIC 

 

Economic Performance 

Anti-corruption 

 

 












8

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED

Sustainability Report 2019

 

 

 

ECONOMIC 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE  

Sanli firmly believes that the financial sustainability of the Group is critical, and we are fully committed 

to the highest standards of corporate governance. The Group’s basic principle is to ensure long-term 

profitability and shareholders’ value, by taking into account the interests of all stakeholders, such as 

shareholders, employees, suppliers and society as a whole. 

 

 

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our FY2019 Annual Report: 

• Operations &amp; Financial Review, pages 4 to 7 

• Financial Highlights, page 14 

• Financial Statements, pages 52 to 102 

 






9

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED

Sustainability Report 2019

 

 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

We do not tolerate corruption in any form. This has been made clear to all of the Group’s employees, 

suppliers and business partners. Dedicated whistleblowing hotlines, through both email and electronic 

platforms, are set up so that anyone wanting to report any business ethics issue can do so 

confidentially. Any report of corruption will be escalated to the attention of the Audit Committee. 

 

There have also been no reported incidents of corruption during FY2019 (FY2018: Nil).   

 

WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY  

Our whistleblowing policy provides a transparent channel for employees to report any concern or 

complaint regarding any improper accounting or financial matters, internal controls, disclosure of 

information, conflict of interest, insider trading, or any other areas involving fraud, corruption and 

misconduct of employees. The public, customers and stakeholders can also report possible 

improprieties or provide other feedbacks through the Company’s website at https://www.sanli.com.sg. 

There were no whistleblowing cases in FY2019 (FY2018: Nil).  

 

Our goal is to maintain zero incidents of corruption and whistleblowing cases for FY2020. We will 

regularly review our policies on whistleblowing and anti-corruption. 

 


10

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED

Sustainability Report 2019

 

 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL  

We endeavor to minimise the potential impact of our operations on the environment by putting in 

place proper processes for waste reduction and waste management. We encourage the use of 

renewable materials and resources, and where possible, reduce waste through re-using and recycling. 

We avoid any unnecessary use of hazardous materials and products and take all reasonable steps to 

protect the environment when such materials must be used, stored or disposed of. 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE  

Here at Sanli, compliance with relevant Codes and Regulations on environmental issues is of utmost 

importance and we take steps at all our work sites to ensure the requirements are met throughout the 

duration of the projects. In FY2019, there were no incidence of non-compliance with laws and 

regulations resulting in significant fines or sanctions (FY2018: Nil), and we endeavor to maintain this 

track record in FY2020.  

 

We are also certified to be conforming 

with ISO 14001 issued on 29 October 

2018.  

 

 








11

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED

Sustainability Report 2019

 

 

 

SOCIAL 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY  

 

 

We are proud to receive an award from our biggest customer, 

PUB, for having a safe workplace environment. For 5 consecutive 

years, we have recorded an incident free man-days onsite. 

 

Our employees’ safety and health at the workplace is one of our top priorities, and our ultimate goal is 

to have a zero accident workplace. We are committed to managing and reducing safety and health 

risks through effective risk management. 

 

We are pleased to confirm that zero fatal accidents were reported in FY2019 (FY2018: Nil). Our 

Workplace, Health &amp; Safety department is independent from the operational departments and is 

responsible for the monitoring of the workplace to provide a safe working environment for all our staff 

and clients. A toolbox briefing, in accordance with the Workplace Safety and Health Council’s 

Effective Toolbox Meeting guideline is held at each worksite every morning. A toolbox talk is an 

informal safety meeting that is part of the Group’s overall safety program, which covers special topics 

on safety aspects related to a specific job. Toolbox meetings are generally conducted at the job site 

prior to the commencement of a job or work shift.  Meetings are normally short in duration and cover 

topics such as workplace hazards, and safe work practices. It is one of the very effective methods to 

refresh workers' knowledge on workplace safety, cover last minute safety checks, and exchange 










12

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED

Sustainability Report 2019

 

 

 

information with experienced workers. 

 

We have established a strict set of workplace, health and safety management policies applicable to 

our project managers, engineers, supervisors, foremen, workers and subcontractors for all projects. 

These policies cover all stages of our projects, from the time we occupy the worksites, up to the point 

of completion of the projects. In addition, all environmental aspects and occupational health safety 

hazards which are within our control or under our management, as well as those that we cannot 

control or directly manage but are expected to affect our projects, are covered in the policies. 

 

Our Workplace, Health and Safety department is responsible for ensuring that the safety measures 

which we have put in place are adhered to. Such measures include:  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Conducting periodic and necessary risk assessments for all our 

projects to identify the risks and gaps, and implementing mitigating 

procedures in order to achieve an accident-free environment or 

minimise risks to an acceptable level. 





Conducting 

regular 

safety 

meetings 

and 

providing 

sufficient 

management support and resources to plan, implement and execute 

safety measures in compliance with workplace health and safety 

legislations 

and 

other requirements 

which 

include directives, 

guidelines and standards prescribed by our Group. 





Allocating safety supervisors to our projects, where relevant, and 

conducting regular worksite inspections as well as tools and 

equipment checks. 





Improving the competency of our employees and cultivating good 

safety habits through proper training, instruction and guidance and 

ensuring that workplace safety and health matters are effectively 

communicated to all employees. 





Monitoring the effectiveness of risk control measures which have been 

implemented and conducting a third-party audit or an internal review to 

ensure that safety measures are adhered to.  




13

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED

Sustainability Report 2019

 

 

 

As a testament to our commitment in maintaining high safety standards, we have been awarded the 

following certifications: 













 

 

 

 

















































 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 







 



 






























































14

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED

Sustainability Report 2019

 

 

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY  

Sanli’s staff recruitment and annual appraisals are conducted based on performance, work attitude, 

cooperation with other staff and workers and efficiency and effectiveness of work. The Group does 

not discriminate one’s race, age, gender, religion, ethnicity, disability or nationality. As of 31 March 

2019, we have a staff strength of 361 full-time employees (FY2018: 403) and zero temporary 

employees (FY2018: none). 

The Group considers its employees to be its most valuable 

asset and offers them fair and competitive remuneration 

packages. 

Remuneration 

policies 

and 

packages 

are 

reviewed regularly to ensure that the compensation and 

benefits are in line with the market and that the employees 

are rewarded for their contributions, thus aligning the 

interests of the employees to those of the Group’s. Variable 

bonuses are granted to eligible employees based on the 

individual employee’s contribution to the Group, profitability 

of the Group, current economic/ business situation, 

government’s wage guidelines, and internal and external 

salary equality. Contributions to retirement benefit schemes 

are offered as part of the remuneration package in 

accordance to The Retirement Age Act. The official 

retirement age is 62 years old but may be extended based on 

mutual agreement between the Company and the employee. 

As at 31 March 2019, we have 6 employees that is above 62 

years old (FY2018: 7). Long Service Awards are also given 

out every year during our annual appreciation dinner event for 

employees who reached their 5th and 10th year of service 

with the Group.  

 

There has been no reported incidents of complaints on discrimination for FY2019 (FY2018: Nil). We 

aim to maintain zero complaints on discrimination and continue to have diversity and equal 

opportunity for all employees in FY2020. 

43%	

20%	

19%	

12%	

6%	

50%	

41%	

9%	



AGE 

&lt; 30 years, 50% 

30 - 50 years, 41% 

&gt; 50 years, 9% 



NATIONALITY 

Bangladeshi, 43% 

Malaysian, 20% 

Indian, 19% 

Singaporean, 12% 

Others, 6% 

 







93% 



7% 



GENDER 



GROUP 



SENIOR 

MANAGEMENT 



79% 



21% 







The ratio of female employees in the 

Group and our industry is relatively 

low due to the nature of our 

business. Our female employees 

represent 7% of our total workforce, 

and makes up 21% of our Senior 

Management. 


15

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED

Sustainability Report 2019

 

 

 

LOCAL COMMUNITIES 

While achieving business goals is important, Sanli aims to make a positive impact and contribute to 

the society. 

 

 Management and employees doing their part for the community by packing and delivering welfare bags to beneficiaries 

 – Lee Ah Mooi Old Age Home. 

 

In June 2019, we held our second corporate social responsibility (“CSR”) event where more than 60 

senior management and employees participated.  

 

For the second year running, Sanli’s management and employees contributed to the community by 

helping to pack and deliver 110 welfare bags, filled with healthy food and daily necessities, to the 

beneficiaries at the Lee Ah Mooi Old Age Home.  

 

Lee Ah Mooi Old Age Home is a nursing home that started out in providing nursing care for retired 

Samsui women and Amahs, whose hard work contributed to Singapore’s development, both as a 

colony and as a nation. Currently, the nursing home is dedicated to providing high quality healthcare 

services to 110 aged residents.  

 

Sanli intends to continue supporting various community events and organisations, to do its part for 

society and the environment. 

 




16

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED

Sustainability Report 2019

 

 

 

 

In February 2019, Sanli participated in Run For Hope 2019, a corporate charity run organised by Four 

Seasons Hotel Singapore and the National Cancer Centre Singapore. A total of 50 runners from 

different departments took part in the 10KM and 3.5KM run challenges, and funds were raised for the 

NCC Research Fund. 

 

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE  

We pride ourselves in having good corporate governance and observing compliance with applicable 

laws and regulations. Sanli is committed to conduct the business with integrity and to safeguard the 

interest of all our stakeholders, both internal and external.  

 

There was no reported incidents of non-compliance during FY2019 (FY2018: Nil).      

 

Our objective is to maintain zero incident of non-compliance and continue to be in compliance with 

socioeconomic laws and regulations.  

 

MEMBERSHIPS 

 

 








17

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED

Sustainability Report 2019

 

 

 

GOVERNANCE 

The Board and the Management of Sanli commit to the best practices of the corporate governance to 

ensure sustainability of the Group’s operations. We believe that the constant drive to upkeep 

corporate excellence will allow us to establish a more transparent, accountable and equitable system, 

thereby increasing the value of the Company and the value to our shareholders. Throughout FY2019, 

we continue to adhere to the principles and guidelines set out in the Code of Corporate Governance 

2012. Please refer to the Annual Report 2019 pages 18 to 44 for the details of the Group’s Corporate 

Governance Report. 


18

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED

Sustainability Report 2019

 

 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

 

 

 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 

2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

Sanli Environmental Limited 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products 

and services 

Sustainability Report (SR): Organisational 

Profile, 3 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Annual Report (AR): Corporate Information, 

16 

102-4 

Location of operations 

AR: CEO’s message, 2 - 3 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

AR: Notes to Financial Statements, 60 

102-6 

Markets served 

AR: CEO’s message, 2 - 3 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

AR: Operation’s and Financial Review, 4 - 7 

SR: Social, 14 

102-8 

Information on employees 

and other workers 

SR: Social, 14 

102-9 

Supply chain 

SR: Organizational Profile, 3 

102-10 

Significant changes to the 

organisation and its supply 

chain 

None 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or 

approach 

Sanli supports the intent of the 

Precautionary Principle, but has not 

expressed a specific commitment.  

102-12 

External initiatives 

SR: Social, 15 - 16 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

SR: Membership, 16 

102-14 

Statement from senior 

decision maker 

SR: Message from our Board of Directors, 2 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards 

and norms of behavior 

AR: Content page, 1 

102-18 

Governance structure 

AR: Corporate Governance Report, 18 to 

44 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR: Stakeholders and Materiality, 6 

102-41 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

SR: Stakeholders and Materiality, 6 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

SR: Stakeholders and Materiality, 6 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns 

raised 

SR: Stakeholders and Materiality, 6 

102-45 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

AR: Notes to Financial Statements, 60 

102-46 

Defining report content and 

topic boundaries 

SR: Message from our Board of Directors, 2 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR: Stakeholders and Materiality, 7 

 


19

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED

Sustainability Report 2019

 

 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

None 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None 

 

 

102-50 

Reporting period 

SR: Message from our Board of Directors, 

2 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous 

report 

25 July 2018 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annual 

102-53 

Contact point for questions 

about the report 

SR: Message from our Board of Directors, 

2 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in 

accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

SR: Message from our Board of Directors, 

2 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR: GRI Standard Content Index, 18 - 19 

102-56 

External Assurance 

 The Company may consider seeking 

external assurance in the future. 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: 

Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value 

generated and distributed 

SR: Economic, 8 

GRI 205 Anti-

corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks 

related to corruption 

SR: Economic, 9 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

SR: Environmental, 10 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

health and 

safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of 

injury, occupational diseases, 

lost 

SR: Social, 11 - 13 

GRI 405: 

Diversity and 

equal 

opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance 

bodies and employees 

SR: Social, 14 

GRI 413: Local 

Communities 

413-2 

Operations with local 

community engagement, 

impact assessments, and 

development programs 

SR: Social, 15 - 16 

GRI 419: 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws 

and regulations in the social 

and economic area 

SR: Social, 16 

 


This page has been intentionally left blank.


This page has been intentionally left blank.



23

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED

Sustainability Report 2019



SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore on 27 February 2017)

(Company Registration No. 201705316M)

28 Kian Teck Drive

Singapore 628845

Tel: (65) 6578 9269

www.sanli.com.sg

