
 




1 

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 

02 MESSAGE FROM OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

03 ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

04 OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

06 STAKEHOLDERS AND MATERIALITY 

08 ECONOMIC 

08 ENVIRONMENTAL 

09 SOCIAL 

13 GOVERNANCE 

14 GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This sustainability report has been prepared by the Company and its contents have been reviewed by the Company’s Sponsor, SAC 

Capital Private Limited (the “Sponsor”), for compliance with the relevant rules of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (the “SGX-ST”). 

 

The Sponsor has not independently verified the contents of this sustainability report. This sustainability report has not been 

examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this sustainability report 

including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this sustainability report. 

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr. David Yeong (Telephone number: +65 6532 3829), at 1 Robinson Road, #21-02 AIA 

Tower, Singapore 048542.


2 

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

MESSAGE FROM OUR 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS  

 

We are pleased to present the inaugural Sustainability Report of 

Sanli Environmental Limited (“Sanli”, the “Company”, and 

together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) for our financial year 

ended 31 March 2018 (“FY2018”). This report is set out on a 

“comply or explain” basis in accordance with Rule 711B and 

Practice Note 7F of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual on Continuing Listing 

Obligations for Catalist. Sanli has chosen the Global Reporting 

Initiative (GRI) framework as it is a well-known and globally-

recognised sustainability reporting framework and the preparation 

of this report is guided by the Core option of the GRI Standards. 

This report highlights the key economic, environmental, social and 

governance (EESG) related initiatives carried throughout a 12-

month period, from 1 April 2017 to 31 March 2018. 

 

Sustainability is part of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-

term value for all its stakeholders. As such, the key material EESG 

factors for the Group have been identified and cautiously reviewed 

by the management. The data and information provided have not 

been verified by an independent third party. We have relied on 

internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy of 

data and information. The board of directors of the Group (the 

“Board”) oversees the management and monitoring of these 

factors and takes them into consideration in the determination of 

the Group’s strategic direction and policies.  

 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our 

sustainability efforts as this enables us to consistently improve our 

policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and 

suggestions to phyllyst@sanli.com.sg. 

 

25 July 2018 

 

 


3 

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

 

We are an environmental engineering company 

with more than ten years of experience and 

have completed more than 1,000 projects, in 

the field of water and waste management. 

 

Our expertise is in the design, supply, delivery, 

installation, 

commissioning, 

maintenance, 

repair and overhaul of mechanical and 

electrical (“M&amp;E”) equipment as well as 

process, instrumentation and control systems 

in 

wastewater 

treatment 

plants, 

water 

reclamation 

plants, 

NEWater 

plants, 

waterworks, 

service 

reservoirs, 

pumping 

stations and incineration plants. 

 

Our business is divided into two main business 

segments: 

• Engineering, Procurement and 

Construction; and 

• Operations and Maintenance 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ENGINEERING, PROCUREMENT AND 

CONSTRUCTION 

• We provide engineering, procurement and 

construction services within the field of 

water and waste management. 

– WATER MANAGEMENT 

• 

Engineering solutions and services for 

the treatment of raw water and used 

water. 

– WASTE MANAGEMENT 

• 

Engineering solutions and services for 

the treatment of refuse in incineration 

plants. 

• Our services include process upgrading of 

existing water treatment plants, upgrading of 

pumping station capacities, replacement of 

aged M&amp;E equipment, and design and build 

of various treatment process systems. 

• Contracts are usually between one to three 

years in duration. 

OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE 

• 

We provide corrective and preventive 

maintenance services to ensure reliability 

and minimal disruptions to customers’ 

operations. 

• 

Contracts are usually between two to three 

years in duration.  

Backed 

by 

our 

strong 

engineering 

capabilities, we have the ability to integrate 

mechanical, 

electrical 

and 

process 

engineering 

expertise 

to 

provide 

customised, 

cost 

and 

time 

efficient 

integrated 

engineering 

solutions 

and 

services to our customers. 













Customer Inquiry 

/ Request 



Tender 



Planning 



Execution 



Commission 

and Handover 

---------------- WORK PROCESS ---------------- 


4 

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

SANLI’S SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY 

 

At Sanli, we are committed to conduct our business in a responsible and sustainable manner. To 

achieve and maintain our sustainability goals, the Group articulates our values through the following 

approaches: 

 

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE  

Strong governance is the key to a sustainable business. It is a continual challenge to successfully 

manage environmental and social issues. Sanli has incorporated this into our business model and 

implemented sustainable and responsible practices throughout the Group. We are committed to provide 

top notch services to meet the relevant safety and environmental requirements set out by our customers 

and the regulators.  

 

Sanli pays strict attention to enforcing good labour practices in all our operations. The Group provides 

various training opportunities for continuous employee development and this has been reflected in the 

quality and delivery of our services. We value our relationships with our clients and the wider community 

in which we operate, and the relationships forged have helped us through challenging times in the past. 

The Group strongly believes that in the long run, these efforts will be reciprocated through positive 

impacts on the Group’s economic performance. 

 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT  

Sanli believes that Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) is an integral part of good corporate governance 

as well as resource management. We have a thorough and comprehensive ERM framework to identify 

and manage risks and exposures in an integrated, systematic and consistent manner. For detailed 

disclosure on ERM, please refer to pages 32 to 33 of our Annual Report 2018. 

 

WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY  

Our whistleblowing policy provides a mechanism for employees and external parties to report concerns 

over alleged wrongful acts. There were no whistleblowing cases in FY2018. 

 

 

Plan and 

Scope

Engage 

Stakeholders

Assess 

Materiality

Collect Data

Report


5 

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

 

BUSINESS ETHICS, ANTI-CORRUPTION AND COMPLIANCE  

 

We do not tolerate corruption in any form. This has been made clear to all of the Group’s employees, 

suppliers and business partners. Dedicated whistleblowing hotlines using both email and electronic 

platforms are set up so that anyone wanting to report any business ethics issue can do so confidentially. 

Any report of corruption will be escalated to the attention of the Audit Committee. 

 

When it comes to hiring, we take into serious consideration any conflict of interests. Our code of conduct 

clearly lays the Group’s expectations for our staff and spells out consequences of violating rules or not 

meeting expectations. In addition, we also have clear and fair grievance procedures for internal dispute 

resolution. 

 

All of our staff are reminded of the importance of upholding the highest standards when it comes to 

business ethics. The Group regularly updates relevant staff with development in international and local 

regulations. Sanli is proud to inform that it is in compliance, in all material aspects, with all environmental 

rules and regulations, anti-competitive practices and the Workplace Safety and Health Act. We prohibit 

corruption in all forms, including but not limited to extortion and bribery. 

 

The Board is of the view that cyber security and data privacy are important not just for compliance, but 

in safeguarding both the Group’s data and that of our customers. Sanli takes measures to guard against 

cyber risks, protecting confidential information for both our internal and external stakeholders. This also 

applies to our employment process where the privacy of all applicants is safeguarded and access to 

personal data is restricted to authorised personnel on a need-to-know basis. 

 

For the financial year ended 31 March 2018, there were no significant fines or non-monetary sanctions 

for non-compliance with laws and regulations. There have also been no reported incidents of corruption 

during the reporting period. It is the Group’s goal to maintain zero incidents of corruption.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


6 

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

 

 

 

STAKEHOLDERS AND MATERIALITY 

 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT  

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and material 

aspects relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken 

into account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, but are not limited 

to, customers, suppliers, shareholders, employees and regulators. We adopt both formal and informal 

channels of communication to understand the needs of key stakeholders, and incorporate these into 

our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships.  

 

 

 



 

 

 

 

 

 

SHAREHOLDERS 

 

Annual General 

Meeting 

 

Annual Report 

 

Announcements 

 

Company Website  

 





 

 

 

 

 

 

EMPLOYEES 

 

Annual Staff 

Appraisal 

 

Annual Town Hall 

Session 

 

Half-yearly Get-

together Session 





 

 

 

 

 

 

CUSTOMERS 

 

Daily Face-to-face 

Meetings and 

Feedbacks 

 

Occasional Site 

Visits 

 

 

 

 

 





 

 

 

 

 

 

SUPPLIERS 

 

Daily Face-to-face 

Meetings 

 

Annual Evaluation 

and Feedback 

 

 

 

 

 

 





 

 

 

 

 

 

REGULATORS 

 

Occasional Face-

to-face Meetings, 

Inspections, E-

mails and Surveys 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






7 

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

MATERIAL ASPECTS ASSESSMENT  

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant aspects. Relevant aspects are then 

prioritised to identify material factors which are subject to validation. The end result of this process is a 

list of material factors disclosed in the Sustainability Report. Process of which are as shown below: 

 

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment during the year with the help of an external 

consultant. We engaged our employees from different departments, seeking our internal stakeholders’ 

feedback for prioritisation of these topics. Going forward, materiality review will be conducted every 

year, incorporating inputs gathered from stakeholders’ engagements. 

 

In order to determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment and society and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying the guidance from GRI, we 

have identified the following as our material aspects:  

 

 

Impact Boundary: Sanli Environmental Limited – Employees, Project Sites, Office, Community 

 

 

IDENTIFICATION

PRIORITISATION

VALIDATION

REVIEW



ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

Environmental Compliance 

 



GOVERNANCE 

 

Corporate Governance 

Enterprise Risk Management 

Compliance 



SOCIAL 

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

Local Communities 



ECONOMIC 

 

Economic Performance 

 

 












8 

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

ECONOMIC 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE  

Sanli firmly believes that focus on financial sustainability is critical and we are fully committed to the 

highest standards of corporate governance. The Group’s basic principle is that long-term profitability 

and shareholders’ value is ensured by taking into account the interests of all stakeholders, such as 

shareholders, employees, suppliers and society as a whole. 

 

 

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our FY2018 Annual Report: 

• Operations &amp; Financial Review, pages 4 to 7 

• Financial Highlights, page 14 

• Financial Statements, pages 48 to 86 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL  

We endeavor to minimise the potential impact of our operations on the environment by putting in place 

proper processes for waste reduction and waste management. We encourage the use of renewable 

materials and resources, and where possible, reduce waste through re-using and recycling. We avoid 

any unnecessary use of hazardous materials and products and take all reasonable steps to protect the 

environment when such materials must be used, stored or disposed of. 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE  

Here at Sanli, compliance with relevant Codes and Regulations on environmental issues 

is a must and we take steps at all our work sites to ensure the requirements are met 

throughout the duration of the projects. In FY2018, there were no incidence of non-

compliance with laws and regulations resulting in significant fines or sanctions, and we 

endeavor to maintain this track record. 






9 

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

SOCIAL 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY  

 

 

We are proud to receive an award from our biggest customer, 

PUB, for having a safe workplace environment. For 5 consecutive 

years, we have recorded an incident free man- days onsite. 

 

Our employees’ safety and health at the workplace is one of our top priorities, and our ultimate goal is 

to have a zero accident workplace. We are committed to managing and reducing safety and health risks 

through effective risk management. 

 

We are pleased to confirm that zero fatal accidents were reported in FY2018. Our Workplace Health &amp; 

Safety department is independent from operational departments and is responsible to monitor the 

workplace to provide a safe working environment for all our staff and clients. A toolbox briefing, in 

accordance with the Workplace Safety and Health Council’s Effective Toolbox Meeting guideline is held 

at each worksite every morning. A toolbox talk is an informal safety meeting that is part of the Group’s 

overall safety program, which covers special topics on safety aspects related to a specific job. Toolbox 

meetings are generally conducted at the job site prior to the commencement of a job or work shift.  

Meetings are normally short in duration and cover topics such as workplace hazards, and safe work 

practices. It is one of the very effective methods to refresh workers' knowledge on workplace safety, 

cover last minute safety checks, and exchange information with the experienced workers. 








10 

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

 

We have established a strict set of workplace health and safety management policies applicable to our 

project managers, engineers, supervisors, foremen, workers and subcontractors for all projects. These 

policies cover all stages of our projects, from the time we occupy the worksites, up to the point of 

completion of the projects. In addition, all environmental aspects and occupational health safety hazards 

which are in our control or under our management, as well as those that we cannot control or directly 

manage but are expected to affect our projects, are covered in the policies. 

 

Our Workplace Health and Safety department is responsible for ensuring that the safety measures 

which we have put in place are adhered to. Such measures include:  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Conducting periodic and necessary risk assessments for all our projects 

to identify the risks and gaps, and implementing mitigating procedures 

in order to achieve an accident-free environment or minimise risks to an 

acceptable level. 





Conducting 

regular 

safety 

meetings 

and 

providing 

sufficient 

management support and resources to plan, implement and execute 

safety measures in compliance with workplace health and safety 

legislations and other requirements which include directives, guidelines 

and standards prescribed by our Group. 





Allocating safety supervisors to our projects, where relevant, and 

conducting regular worksite inspections as well as tools and equipment 

checks. 





Improving the competency of our employees and cultivating good safety 

habits through proper training, instruction and guidance and ensuring 

that workplace safety and health matters are effectively communicated 

to all employees. 





Monitoring the effectiveness of risk control measures which have been 

implemented and conducting a third-party audit or an internal review to 

ensure that safety measures are adhered to.  




11 

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

As a testament to our commitment in maintaining high safety standards, we have been awarded the 

following certifications: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 







bizSafe Level Star certification 

 

Scope: Workplace safety and health 

management system 

Certifying Authority: Workplace Safety and 

Health Council 

Expiry: 28 March 2020 

 





BS OHSAS 18001 : 2007 

 

Scope: Mechanical and electrical engineering 

services and scaffolding works 

Certifying Authority: Certification International 

(Singapore) Pte Ltd 

Expiry: 28 March 2020 

 




12 

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY  

 

Sanli’s staff recruitment and annual appraisals are based on performance, work attitude, cooperation 

with other staff and workers and efficiency and effectiveness of work. The Group does not discriminate 

one’s race, age, gender, religion, ethnicity, disability or nationality. As of 31 March 2018, we have a 

staff strength of 403 full-time employees and zero temporary employees. 

 

 

 

The Group considers its employees to be its most valuable asset and offers them fair and competitive 

remuneration packages. Remuneration policies and packages are reviewed regularly to ensure that 

compensation and benefits are in line with the market, thus helping the recruitment and retention of 

talents. Variable bonuses are granted to eligible employees based on the individual employee’s 

contribution to the Group, profitability of the Group, current economic/ business situation, government’s 

wage guidelines, and internal and external salary equality. Contributions to retirement benefit schemes 

are offered as part of the remuneration package in accordance to The Retirement Age Act. The official 

retirement age is 62 years old but may be extended based on mutual agreement between the Company 

and the employee. As at 31 March 2018, we have 7 employees that are above 62 years old. Long 

Service Awards are also given out every year during our annual appreciation dinner event for 

employees who reach their 5th and 10th year of services with the Group.

49%

20%

16%

10%

5%

55%

36%

9%

AGE 

&lt; 30 years, 55% 

30 - 50 years, 36% 

&gt; 50 years, 9% 

NATIONALITY 

Bangladeshi, 49% 

Indian, 20% 

Malaysian, 16% 

Singaporean, 10% 

Others, 5% 

 







94% 



6% 



GENDER 



GROUP 



SENIOR 

MANAGEMENT 



71% 



29% 





The ratio of female employees in 

the Group is relatively low but 

this is not unusual for our 

industry due to the nature of our 

business. Our female employees 

represent 

6% 

of 

our 

total 

workforce and makes up 29% of 

our Senior Management. 


13 

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

LOCAL COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT 

 

As a homegrown company, Sanli aims to 

contribute back to the community and advocate 

the best practices within the Group to achieve 

sustainable growth. The focus for FY2018 was to 

support the less privileged through activities that 

promote an enhanced sense of well-being. 

 

The Group embarked on its inaugural Corporate 

Social Responsibility programme, through a 

collaboration with Foodbank Singapore and Thye 

Hua Kwan Moral Charities, in support of their 

ongoing food bundle distribution to the less 

privileged families living in HDB rental flats in 

Boon Lay and the Jurong West area. 

 

As part of our commitment to encourage the 

holistic development of children, Sanli also raised 

funds during the festive period to support The 

Straits Times School Pocket Money Fund in 

December 2017. The Group shared a common 

goal with SPH - “Give poor students a dollar or so 

a day to fill their often empty stomachs.” 

 

The Group also supported various fund-raising 

activities that help the needy and marginalized in 

our community. In July 2017, our staff participated 

in the Race Against Cancer, organised by the 

Singapore Cancer Society to raise funds for 

cancer treatment subsidies, welfare assistance, 

cancer rehabilitation, hospice care, cancer 

screening, research, public education and cancer 

support group initiatives. We also supported the 

Teen Challenge Charity Golf event in September 

2017 that aims to raise funds to help those 

marginalized 

in 

society, 

particularly 

those 

struggling with substance abuse and alcohol 

addictions. 

 

The Group intends to continue supporting various 

community projects, to do its part for society and 

the environment. 

 

MEMBERSHIPS 

 

 

 

 

 

 

GOVERNANCE 

The Board and the Management of Sanli are committed to employing the best practices of corporate 

governance to ensure sustainability of the Group’s operations. We believe that the constant drive to 

upkeep corporate excellence will allow us to establish a more transparent, accountable and equitable 

system, thereby increasing the value of the Company and the value to our shareholders. Throughout 

FY2018, we continue to adhere to the principles and guidelines set out in the Code of Corporate 

Governance 2012. Please refer to the Annual Report 2018 pages 18 to 40 for the details of the Group’s 

Corporate Governance Report.








14 

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

Omission 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

Sanli Environmental 

Limited 

 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products 

and services 

Sustainability Report (SR): 

Organisational Profile, 3 

 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Annual Report (AR): 

Corporate Information, 16 

 

102-4 

Location of operations 

AR: CEO’s message, 2-3 

 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

AR: Notes to combined 

Financial Statements, 56 

 

102-6 

Markets served 

AR: CEO’s message, 2-3 

 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

AR: Operation’s and 

Financial Review, 4 

SR: Social, 12 

 

102-8 

Information on employees 

and other workers 

SR: Social, 12 

 

102-9 

Supply chain 

SR: Organizational 

Profile, 3 

 

102-10 

Significant changes to the 

organisation and its supply 

chain 

- 

Not applicable 

since this is our 

inaugural report. 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or 

approach 

Sanli supports the intent of 

the Precautionary Principle, 

but has not expressed a 

specific commitment.  

 

102-12 

External initiatives 

SR: Social, 13 

 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

SR: Membership, 13 

 

102-14 

Statement from senior 

decision maker 

SR: Message from our 

Board of Directors, 2 

 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards 

and norms of behavior 

AR: 1 

 

102-18 

Governance structure 

AR: Corporate Governance 

Report, 18 to 40 

 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR: Stakeholders and 

Materiality, 6 

 

102-41 

Collective bargaining 

agreements 

None 

 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting 

stakeholders 

SR: Stakeholders and 

Materiality, 6 

 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder 

engagement 

SR: Stakeholders and 

Materiality, 6 

 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns 

raised 

- 

To be reported in 

the FY2019 report.  

102-45 

Entities included in the 

consolidated financial 

statements 

AR: Notes to Combined 

Financial Statements, 56 

 

102-46 

Defining report content and 

topic boundaries 

SR: Message from our 

Board of Directors, 2 

 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR: Stakeholders and 

Materiality, 7 

 

 

 


15 

SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

Omission 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

 

Not applicable 

since this is our 

inaugural report.  

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

- 

Not applicable 

since this is our 

inaugural report.  

 

 

102-50 

Reporting period 

SR: Message from our 

Board of Directors, 2 

 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous 

report 

- 

Not applicable 

since this is our 

inaugural report.  

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annual 

 

102-53 

Contact point for questions 

about the report 

SR: Message from our 

Board of Directors, 2 

 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in 

accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

This report has been 

guided by the GRI 

Standards (Core option) 

 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR: GRI Standard Content 

Index, 14 

 

102-56 

External Assurance 

- 

The Company may 

consider seeking 

external assurance 

in the future.  

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

 

GRI 201: 

Economic 

performance 

103-1 

Explanation and reporting 

boundary 

SR: Economic, 8 

 

201-1 

Direct economic value 

generated and distributed 

SR: Economic, 8 

 

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

compliance 

103-1 

Explanation and reporting 

boundary 

SR: Environment, 8 

 

307-1 

Non-compliance with 

environmental laws and 

regulations 

SR: Environment, 8 

 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

health and 

safety 

103-1 

Explanation and reporting 

boundary 

SR: Social, 9 

 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of 

injury, occupational diseases, 

lost 

SR: Social, 9 

 

GRI 405: 

Diversity and 

equal 

opportunity 

103-1 

Explanation and reporting 

boundary 

SR: Social, 12 

 

405-1 

Diversity of governance 

bodies and employees 

SR: Social, 12 

 

GRI 413: Local 

Communities 

103-1 

Explanation and reporting 

boundary 

SR: Social, 13 

 

413-2 

Operations with local 

community engagement, 

impact assessments, and 

development programs 

SR: Social, 13 

 

 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



