



CONTENTS

1. 

Message from Our Board of Directors 

 

 

01

2. 

Organisational Profile 

 

 

 

 

 

02

3. 

Sustainability Approach  

 

 

 

 

03

4. 

Stakeholders And Materiality  

 

 

 

05

5. 

Economic  

 

 

 

 

 

 

08

6. 

Environmental 

 

 

 

 

 

 

09

7. 

Social 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10

8. 

Governance  

 

 

 

 

 

 

15

9. 

Gri Standards Content Index  

 

 

 

16

This sustainability report has been reviewed by the Company’s Sponsor, SAC Capital 

Private Limited (the “Sponsor”). This sustainability report has not been examined or 

approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”) and 

the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this sustainability report 

including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports 

contained in this sustainability report.

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr David Yeong (Telephone number: +65 6232 

3210), at 1 Robinson Road, #21- 00 AIA Tower, Singapore 04854










MESSAGE FROM  

OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS

We are pleased to present our annual Sustainability Report (“SR”) 

of Sanli Environmental Limited (“Sanli”, the “Company”, and 

together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) for the financial year 

ended 31 March 2021 (“FY2021”). 

The Group is committed to continually consider material 

economic, environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) topics 

as part of our core business strategy. The Board of Directors 

(“Board”) and senior management (“Management”) remain 

committed to establish and maintain an effective sustainability 

management framework, which is supported by underlying 

internal controls, risk management practices, clear accountability 

and reporting process. The Board evaluates and considers ESG 

risks and opportunities relevant to the Group during the 

formulation of overall business strategy, objectives and 

performance measurements.

Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-

term value for all its stakeholders. As such, the key material EESG 

factors for the Group have been identified and cautiously reviewed 

by the Management annually. The data and information provided 

in this report have not been verified by an independent third party. 

The Management has relied on internal data monitoring and 

verification to ensure accuracy of data and information. 

The Board oversees the Management and monitors the materiality 

of the Group’s EESG factors, in order to set targets for the Group’s 

material EESG factors. The objectives and the Group’s sustainability 

performance are taken into consideration by the Board in 

determining the Group’s strategic direction and policies. 

  REPORTING PERIOD,  

       SCOPE AND FRAMEWORK

This report has been prepared with reference to the Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards - Core option, and on a 

“comply or explain” basis in accordance with Rule 711B and 

Practice Note 7F of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (“SGX-ST”) Section B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist Rules”). 

Sanli has chosen the GRI framework as it is an internationally 

recognised reporting framework that covers a comprehensive 

range of sustainability disclosures. This report highlights the key 

EESG related initiatives and strategies for the Group’s operations in 

Singapore for the 12-month period, from 1 April 2020 to 31 March 

2021. For the purpose of this report, the Company has decided to 

focus on the operations in Singapore and exclude the subsidiaries 

with operations in Malaysia and Myanmar due to their revenue 

contribution. The Group will reevaluate the scope in the next 

report.

The report includes information on the Group’s operations in 

Singapore from the following entities:

• 

Sanli Environmental Limited

• 

Sanli M&amp;E Engineering Pte Ltd

• 

Sanli E&amp;C Pte Ltd

This report summarises the expectations from various 

stakeholders, general business environment that the Group is 

operating in and what the Group has done in order to ensure the 

sustainability of the Group.

The information disclosed in the SR, read together with the 

information in the Group’s annual reports will provide the reader 

with a holistic view of the operations of our Group. We will strive to 

maintain and/or improve the standards of the various EESG factors 

reported where appropriate and practicable, in accordance with 

the business activities of the Group in the future.

To further ensure the accuracy of the data and information 

provided in this report, we will consider seeking external 

independent assurance review in the future.

  FEEDBACK

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our 

sustainability efforts as this enables us to consistently improve our 

policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and 

suggestions to michael.law@sanli.com.sg. There was no feedback 

received for FY2021.

  ACCESS

No hard copies of this Sustainability Report have been printed as 

part of our efforts to promote environmental conservation. You may 

visit SGX website or our company website  https://www.sanli.com.sg 

for our Sustainability Report.

Sustainability Report 2021

01


ORGANISATIONAL  

PROFILE

Sanli Environmental Limited, together with its subsidiaries,  

was listed on the Catalist Board of the SGX-ST on 8 June 2017, 

pursuant to an initial public offering exercise. The Group’s 

operations and markets served are primarily located in Singapore 

with headquarter located at 28 Kian Teck Drive, Singapore 628845. 

The Group has made inroads into Myanmar in the past few years. 

The Group is hopeful that when Covid-19-related travel and 

movement restrictions are eventually lifted, we will be able to 

ramp up our regional expansion efforts, particularly by growing 

our operations in Myanmar as well as assessing opportunities in 

other parts of the region.

  OUR VISION:

To be a leading environmental solutions company capable of 

meeting the needs of tomorrow.

  OUR MISSION:

To provide reliable and cost-effective total solutions for water and 

waste management, driven by innovation and executional 

excellence.

  OUR CORE VALUES:

Safety First

We believe that no job or task is so important that we can risk our 

colleagues’ and stakeholders’ lives for. 

Boldness

We dare to step into the unknown to create a better environment 

for our society. 

Be Different

We think out of the box when providing solutions for our clients. 

Integrity

We believe that honesty is the best policy to ensure a healthy and 

long-term relationship between our partners and us. 

Unity

We strive together as one family to achieve success.

We are an environmental engineering company in the field of 

water and waste management. Our expertise is in the design, 

supply, delivery, installation, commissioning, maintenance, repair 

and overhaul of mechanical and electrical equipment as well as 

process, instrumentation and control systems in wastewater 

treatment plants, water reclamation plants, NEWater plants, 

waterworks, service reservoirs, pumping stations and incineration 

plants.

Our business is divided into two main business segments:

  ENGINEERING, PROCUREMENT  

       AND CONSTRUCTION (“EPC”)

• 

We provide engineering, procurement and construction 

services within the field of water and waste management.

• 

Our services include process upgrading of existing water 

treatment plants, upgrading of pumping station capacities, 

replacement of aged mechanical and electrical equipment, 

and design and build of various treatment process systems.

– 

WATER MANAGEMENT

Engineering solutions and services for the treatment 

of raw water and used water.

– 

WASTE MANAGEMENT

Engineering solutions and services for the treatment 

of refuse in incineration plants.

  OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE (“O&amp;M”)

• 

We provide corrective and preventive maintenance services 

to ensure reliability and minimal disruptions to customers’ 

operations.

Backed by our strong engineering capabilities, we have the ability 

to integrate mechanical, electrical and process engineering 

expertise to provide customised cost- and time-efficient integrated 

engineering solutions and services to our customers.

WORK PROCESS

Customer Inquiry  

/ Request

Tender

Planning

Execution

Commission  

and Handover

Sanli Environmental Limited

02




  SANLI’S SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY

At Sanli, we are committed to conduct our business in a responsible 

and sustainable manner. To achieve and maintain our sustainability 

goals, the Group articulates our values through the following 

approaches: 



Plan and 

Scope

Reporting

Collect 

Data

Assess 

Materiality

Engage 

Stakeholders

  SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE 

Strong governance is the key to a sustainable business. It is a 

continual challenge to successfully manage environmental and 

social issues. Sanli has incorporated this into our business model 

and implemented sustainable and responsible practices 

throughout the Group. We are committed to provide top-notch 

services to meet the relevant safety and environmental 

requirements set out by our customers and the regulatory bodies. 

Sanli pays strict attention to enforcing good labour practices in all 

our operations. The Group provides various training opportunities 

for continuous employee development and this has been reflected 

in the quality and delivery of our services. We value our 

relationships with our clients and the wider community in which 

we operate, and these relationships forged have helped us through 

challenging times in the past. The Group strongly believes that in 

the long run, these efforts will be reciprocated through positive 

impacts on the Group’s economic performance.

The Board takes overall responsibility in overseeing the Group’s 

sustainability management. A sustainability committee, 

comprising of senior management including the Chief Financial 

Officer, Head of Human Resource and Head of Health, Safety and 

Environmental Department, is responsible for driving the Group’s 

overarching sustainability strategy and channeling the 

implementation of sustainability initiatives in the day-to day 

operations of business managers. These managers in their 

respective functions become responsible for implementation, 

measuring, monitoring and reporting back to the sustainability 

committee on the progress.

Our 3 Year Performance

Throughout FY2021, we continue to comply in all material aspects 

of the principles and provisions of the Code of Corporate 

Governance 2018 (the ‘Code 2018”) and achieved the target we set 

last year. The following table shows the actual compliance status 

of the Code 2018 for FY2021, FY2020 and FY2019.

FY2021

FY2020

FY2019

Complied with  

the Code 2018  

(Target met)

Complied with  

the Code 2018  

(Target met)

Complied with  

the Code 2012  

(Target met)

OUR TARGET (FY2022)

Continue to meet all requirements that  

are expected of us by our stakeholders  

and continue to comply with Code 2018

  ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT 

Sanli believes that Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) is an 

integral part of good corporate governance as well as resource 

management. The ERM facilitates the Board in identifying and 

assessing key operational, financial, compliance and information 

technology risks with reference to the business goals, strategies 

and critical success factors of the Group. Under the ERM 

Framework, Management and executives of all levels are expected 

to constantly review the business operations and the operating 

environment to identify risk areas and ensure mitigating measures 

are promptly developed to minimise these risks. The ERM 

Framework outlines the Group’s approach to managing enterprise-

wide risks and sets out a systematic process for identifying, 

evaluating, monitoring, managing and reporting risks faced by the 

Group. Thus, it allows the Group to address the changes and the 

challenges in the business environment, reduce uncertainties and 

facilitate the shareholder value creation process on an ongoing 

basis.

Our 3 Year Performance

In FY2021, we accomplished our target set last year, i.e., reviewed 

the ERM policies in FY2021 to ensure all relevant risks are 

identified, communicated and addressed timely. 

SUSTAINABILITY  

APPROACH

Sustainability Report 2021

03






The following table shows the ERM review practices for FY2021, 

FY2020 and FY2019.

FY2021

FY2020

FY2019

Reviewed the ERM 

policies to ensure all 

relevant risks are 

identified, 

communicated and 

addressed timely

(Target met)

Reviewed the ERM 

policies to ensure all 

relevant risks are 

identified, 

communicated and 

addressed timely

(Target met)

Reviewed the ERM 

policies to ensure all 

relevant risks are 

identified, 

communicated and 

addressed timely

(Target met)

Our Target (FY2022)

Continue to review ERM policies annually 

and to ensure all relevant risks are identified, 

communicated and addressed timely

  BUSINESS ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE 

When it comes to hiring, we take into serious consideration any 

conflict of interest. Our code of conduct clearly lays the Group’s 

expectations for our staff and spells out consequences for violating 

rules or not meeting expectations. In addition, we also have clear 

and fair grievance procedures for internal dispute resolution.

All of our staff are reminded of the importance of upholding the 

highest standards when it comes to business ethics. The Group 

regularly updates relevant staff with development in international 

and local regulations. Sanli is proud to inform that it is in 

compliance, in all material aspects, with all environmental rules 

and regulations, anti-competitive practices and the Workplace 

Safety and Health Act. 

The Board is of the view that cybersecurity and data privacy are 

important not just for compliance, but in safeguarding both the 

Group’s data and that of our customers. Sanli takes measures to 

guard against cyber risks, protecting confidential information for 

both our internal and external stakeholders. This also applies to 

our employment process where the privacy of all applicants is 

safeguarded and access to personal data is restricted to authorised 

personnel on a need-to-know basis.

Our 3 Year Performance

For FY2021, we have achieved the target we set last year which was 

maintained zero incidents of non-compliance. 

The following table shows the actual non-compliance with laws 

and regulations cases reported for FY2021, FY2020 and FY2019.

FY2021

FY2020

FY2019

0 (Target met)

0 (Target met)

0 (Target met)

Our Target (FY2022)

     Maintain zero incidents  

     of non-compliance

SUSTAINABILITY  

APPROACH



Sanli Environmental Limited

04


STAKEHOLDERS  

AND MATERIALITY

  STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT 

We have identified our key stakeholders and material aspects that are instrumental to our business. The interests and requirements of our 

key stakeholders are taken into account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, but are not limited to, 

customers, suppliers, shareholders, employees, and regulators. 

KEY 

STAKEHOLDERS

ENGAGEMENT PLATFORMS

FREQUENCY OF 

ENGAGEMENT

KEY CONCERNS RAISED

Employees

Staff appraisal

Annually

Employee compensation and benefits, 

personal development

Town hall session

Annually

Get-together session

Badminton competitions

Semi-annually

Customers

Face-to-face / Virtual meetings  

and feedbacks

Daily

Quality of services, on-time completion

Occasional site-visits

Ad-hoc

Suppliers

Face-to-face / Virtual meetings

Daily

Prompt payment, accurate specifications, 

selection of reliable suppliers. Disruption 

of supply chain due to COVID-19 and 

lockdowns imposed by Government

Evaluation and feedback

Annually

Shareholders

Annual general meeting

Annually

Financial and operational performance 

of the Group, corporate governance and 

sustainability practices, business strategies 

of the Group

Annual report

Annually

Corporate announcements and 

financial results announcements

Ad-hoc

Company website

Ad-hoc

Regulators

Occasional face-to-face meeting  

/ inspections

Ad-hoc

Full-compliance to regulations

E-mails

Ad-hoc

Surveys

Ad-hoc



Sustainability Report 2021

05


STAKEHOLDERS  

AND MATERIALITY

We adopt both formal and informal channels of communication to understand the needs of our key stakeholders, so as to include and 

align the needs of the key stakeholders in our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships. These are stakeholders 

defined as having the most influence over and the highest level of interest in the Company’s operations as set out below.

































  EMPLOYEES

Engagement with employees is conducted 

regularly to measure satisfaction level, gather 

feedback as well as discuss business strategy 

and organizational changes.

 CUSTOMERS

Customer satisfaction is one of the key focuses 

for our businesses. Engagement with 

customers, through sites meetings, allows us to 

receive timely, valuable feedback to improve 

our service standards.

  SUPPLIERS

At Sanli, we work with reliable and credible suppliers 

and aim to form a long-standing and trusting relationship 

with such suppliers. In cases of disruption caused due to 

COVID-19, alternative actions will be taken upon further 

discussions within each business segment team.

 REGULATORS

Obtain clarifications or understanding of the 

new or revised regulatory and industry 

standards and guidelines, seek advices from 

external consultants to ensure full compliance 

to the regulations.

  SHAREHOLDERS

We strive to maximise shareholder returns, 

maintain good corporate governance, and 

improve levels of transparency through 

financial and sustainability reporting and 

timely communication.

Sanli Environmental Limited

06


STAKEHOLDERS  

AND MATERIALITY

  MATERIAL ASPECTS ASSESSMENT 

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of 

relevant aspects. Relevant aspects are then prioritised to 

identify material factors which are subject to validation. 

The result of this process is a list of material factors 

disclosed in this report. Process of which is shown below:









IDENTIFICATION

PRIORITISATION

VALIDATION

REVIEW

Materiality with respect to sustainability reporting, as defined by 

GRI standards, includes topics and indicators that reflect the 

organisation’s significant economic, environmental, and social 

impacts; and would substantively influence the assessments and 

decisions of stakeholders.

Having considered the topics of concerns and expectation of 

identified key stakeholders, the Sustainability Reporting 

Committee together with the Management have assessed and 

prioritized the material topics to focus on for the Group, as well as 

targets and commitments.

Applying the guidance from GRI, we have identified the following 

as our material factors: 

ECONOMIC

Economic Performance  

Anti-corruption

ENVIRONMENTAL

Energy Consumption  

Environmental Compliance

SOCIAL

Occupational Health and  

Safety Diversity and  

Equal Opportunity Local Communities  

Socioeconomic compliance

GOVERNANCE

Sustainability Governance 

Enterprise Risk Management

Business Ethics and Compliance

Impact Boundary: Sanli Environmental Limited – Employees,  

Project Sites, Office, Community

Sustainability Report 2021

07




  ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

Sanli firmly believes that the financial sustainability of the Group is 

critical, and we are fully committed to the highest standards of 

corporate governance. The Group’s basic principle is to ensure 

long-term profitability and shareholders’ value, by taking into 

account the interests of all stakeholders, such as shareholders, 

employees, suppliers and society as a whole. Sanli will remain 

cautious with regards to market conditions and will continue to be 

vigilant in managing costs and improving operational efficiencies.

The Group’s FY2021 revenue decreased by 9.8% to S$60.5 million 

from S$67.1 million in FY2021. Gross profit decreased by 40.7% to 

S$4.4 million from S$7.4 million in FY2021, with gross profit margin 

down by 3.7 percentage points to 7.3% (FY2020: 11.0%) mainly due 

to lower revenues from EPC segment and higher labour related 

costs incurred by both EPC and Q&amp;M segments because of the 

COVID-19 pandemic. Overall, the Group’s net profit for FY2021 was 

S$0.53 million (FY2020: S$0.42 million). With a net profit 

attributable to shareholders of S$0.33 million (FY2020: S$0.32 

million), the earnings per share for FY2021 is 0.12 Singapore cents 

(FY2020: 0.12 Singapore cents).

For detailed financial results and commentary of the significant 

trends and competitive conditions of industry, please refer to the 

full year financial statements and dividend announcement for 

FY2021 as announced on 26 July 2021.

  ANTI-CORRUPTION

We recognise that any breaches of ethics and corruption can lead 

to significant reputational damage, legal consequences and loss of 

customers. Additionally, it puts the trust that we have built 

between our business and our stakeholders at great risk.  We do 

not tolerate corruption in any form. This has been made clear to all 

of the Group’s employees, suppliers and business partners. 

Dedicated whistleblowing hotlines, through both email and 

company website, are set up so that anyone wanting to report any 

business ethics issue can do so confidentially. Any report of 

corruption will be escalated to the attention of the Audit 

Committee.

WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY 

Our whistleblowing policy provides a transparent channel for 

employees to report any concern or complaint regarding any 

improper accounting or financial matters, internal controls, 

disclosure of information, conflict of interest, insider trading, or 

any other areas involving fraud, corruption and misconduct of 

employees. The public, customers and stakeholders can also 

report possible improprieties or provide other feedbacks through 

the Company’s website at https://www.sanli.com.sg. 

Our 3 Year Performance 

For FY2021, our Group had accomplished and met the target set in 

FY2020 to have zero (FY2020: Nil) reported incidents of corruption 

and whistleblowing cases. 

The following table shows the actual reported incidents of 

corruption and whistleblowing cases for FY2021, FY2020 and 

FY2019.

FY2021

FY2020

FY2019

0 (Target met)

0 (Target met)

0 (Target met)

OUR TARGET (FY2022)

• Regularly review our policies 

 on whistleblowing and  

anti-corruption.

• Maintain zero reported incidents  

of anti-corruption and 

whistleblowing.

ECONOMIC

Sanli Environmental Limited

08






We endeavor to minimise the potential impact of our operations 

on the environment by putting in place proper processes for waste 

reduction and waste management. We encourage the use of 

renewable materials and resources, and where possible, reduce 

waste through reusing and recycling. We avoid any unnecessary 

use of hazardous materials and products and take all reasonable 

steps to protect the environment when such materials must be 

used, stored or disposed of.

Sanli aims to minimise the environmental impacts of its operations 

by having the following measures in place to protect the 

environment.

1. 

CERTIFICATION

We have attained ISO 14001-2015 renewal certificate, which 

is the standard required for Effective Environmental 

Management System and we have fully complied with zero 

non-compliance. 

2. 

PROMOTING GREEN PRACTICE – GREEN BUILDING 

(HEADQUARTER LOCATED AT 28 KIAN TECK DRIVE)

a. 

We have built a Lift Green Wall with an area of 

L2400mm X H13400mm and a two-sided of HyGroWall 

with an area of L6100mm X H3000mm at the office 

reception area.

b. 

We have maintained the effort to fulfill the Skyrise 

Greenery Incentive Scheme for 4 years since FY2018.

• 

The Greenery helped to clean outside air, 

pollutants, and dust that helps to offset the 

carbon footprint of people and fuel emissions. 

• 

The Greenery also helped to reduce the Volatile 

Organic Compounds’ impact on indoor air 

quality and other harmful toxins such as 

benzene. It also acted as a sound proofing 

barrier and encouraged natural cooling that 

effectively reduced the heat transfer through 

building walls into the interior building space, 

leading to possible energy savings. 

• 

The system has improved the air ventilation 

within the premises by providing better air 

quality.

3. 

PAPER

In our efforts to reduce paper usage, we have provided our 

staff with tips on paper conservation such as printing only 

where necessary, printing on both sides of the paper, and 

reusing and recycling used paper. Recycling boxes were also 

conveniently placed beside the photocopier machines.

  ENERGY CONSUMPTION

We encourage the use of energy-efficient lightings and green label 

photocopiers in the office. On our premises, we used LED lightings 

and installed auto light-on system in level one in our effort to 

reduce the carbon footprint. 

Our 3 Year Performance

In FY2021, our total energy consumption for Headquarters (HQ) 

offices was 81,680kWh (FY2020: 108,933kWh) The decrease in 

energy consumption as compared with FY2020 was mainly due to 

staff alternating between working from home and the office during 

the Covid-19 pandemic. Nevertheless, we target to improve 

electricity saving by 1% in FY2022 based on pre-Covid consumption 

level. We had put up stickers at all switch ports to remind our 

employees to switch off power sources after use. 

FY2021

FY2020

FY2019

Electricity Saving  

by 1% (Target met)

N/A

N/A

OUR TARGET (FY2022)

Improve electricity saving by 1%  

based on pre-Covid consumption level.

  ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

Here at Sanli, compliance with relevant Codes and Regulations on 

environmental issues is of utmost importance and we take steps at 

all our work sites to ensure the requirements are met throughout 

the duration of the projects.

Our 3 Year Performance 

In FY2021, we achieved our target of zero (FY2020: Nil) incident of 

non-compliance with laws and regulations in FY2020. 

The following table shows the actual non-compliance with laws 

and regulations cases reported for FY2021, FY2020 and FY2019.

FY2021

FY2020

FY2019

0 (Target met)

0 (Target met)

0 (Target met)

OUR TARGET (FY2022)

Maintain zero incident of  

non-compliance with laws  

and regulations

ENVIRONMENTAL

Sustainability Report 2021

09




SOCIAL

  OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

Our employees’ safety and health at the workplace is one of our 

top priorities, and our ultimate goal is to have a zero fatal accident 

workplace. We are committed to managing and reducing safety 

and health risks through effective risk management.

Our 3 Year Performance 

In FY2021, we are pleased to confirm that we have reached our 

target set in FY2020 that zero (FY2020: nil) fatal accidents were 

reported in FY2021. 

The following table shows the actual fatal accidents reported for 

FY2021, FY2020 and FY2019.

FY2021

FY2020

FY2019

0 (Target met)

0 (Target met)

0 (Target met)

OUR TARGET (FY2022)

• Zero incident of health, safety  

and environment non-conformity, 

accident and ill health.

• Zero fatal accidents

Our Workplace, Health &amp; Safety department is independent from 

the operational departments and is responsible for the monitoring 

of the workplace to provide a safe working environment for all our 

staff and clients. A toolbox briefing, in accordance with the 

Workplace Safety and Health Council’s Effective Toolbox Meeting 

guideline is held at each worksite every morning. A toolbox talk is 

an informal safety meeting that is part of the Group’s overall safety 

program, which covers special topics on safety aspects related to a 

specific job. Toolbox meetings are generally conducted at the job 

site prior to the commencement of a job or work shift.  Meetings 

are normally short in duration and cover topics such as workplace 

hazards, and safe work practices. It is one of the very effective 

methods to refresh workers’ knowledge on workplace safety, cover 

last minute safety checks, and exchange information with 

experienced workers.

We have established a strict set of workplace, health and safety 

management policies applicable to our project managers, 

engineers, supervisors, foremen, workers and subcontractors for 

all projects. These policies cover all stages of our projects, from the 

time we occupy the worksites, up to the point of completion of the 

projects. In addition, all environmental aspects and occupational 

health safety hazards which are within our control or under our 

management, as well as those that we cannot control or directly 

manage but are expected to affect our projects, are covered in the 

policies.

Our Workplace, Health and Safety department is responsible for 

ensuring that the safety measures which we have put in place are 

adhered to. Such measures include: 

Conducting periodic and necessary risk assessments 

for all our projects to identify the risks and gaps and 

implementing mitigating procedures in order to 

achieve an accident-free environment or minimise 

risks to an acceptable level.

Conducting regular safety meetings and providing 

sufficient management support and resources to plan, 

implement and execute safety measures in compliance 

with workplace health and safety legislations and 

other requirements which include directives, 

guidelines and standards prescribed by our Group.

Allocating safety supervisors to our projects, where 

relevant, and conducting regular worksite inspections 

as well as tools and equipment checks.

Improving the competency of our employees and 

cultivating good safety habits through proper training, 

instruction and guidance and ensuring that workplace 

safety and health matters are effectively communicated 

to all employees.

Monitoring the effectiveness of risk control measures 

which have been implemented and conducting a 

third-party audit or an internal review to ensure that 

safety measures are adhered to.

Covid-19 Control Measure

The Group has implemented Covid-19 control measures in 

accordance with Minister of Manpower and Building and 

Construction Authority advisories such as work from home 

(alternate week) arrangement for office staff, segregation of the 

employees, restriction of physical meetings at the workplace, 

monitoring of health program, safe distancing and other practices 

as per the requirements.

There were incidences where some of our employees staying in the 

dormitories infected Covid-19. The Company has provided full 

support and assistance to them for their medical care and 

recovery. We are pleased to report that all the infected employees 

have since recovered.

Sanli Environmental Limited

10




SOCIAL

As a testament to our commitment in maintaining high safety standards, we have been awarded the following certifications:

The Workplace Safety and Health Council

is pleased to certify that

has fulfilled the requirements to attain bizSAFE Level Star

SANLI M&amp;E ENGINEERING PTE. LTD.

Patrick Han

General Manager

Workplace Safety and Health Council

Date of issue: 06/02/2020

Certificate No. E03950

This certificate is valid till 21/03/2022













Sustainability Report 2021

11




SOCIAL

As a testament to our commitment in maintaining high safety standards, we have been awarded the following certifications: (cont’d)



The Workplace Safety and Health Council

is pleased to certify that

has fulfilled the requirements to attain bizSAFE Level Star

SANLI E&amp;C PTE. LTD.

Patrick Han

General Manager

Workplace Safety and Health Council

Date of issue: 29/01/2020

Certificate No. E33871

This certificate is valid till 21/03/2022













Sanli Environmental Limited

12




SOCIAL

  DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

Sanli’s staff recruitment and annual appraisals are conducted 

based on performance, work attitude, cooperation with other staff 

and workers and efficiency and effectiveness of work. The Group 

does not discriminate one’s race, age, gender, religion, ethnicity, 

disability or nationality. In FY2021, we have a staff strength of 334 

(FY2020: 327) full-time employees and zero (FY2020: 1) temporary/ 

contractual employees.

The Group regards our employees as our greatest asset. It is 

because of them that we are able to achieve success and growth. It 

is important for us to maintain continuous employee development, 

provide competitive employee benefits and ensure fair and safe 

working conditions, so that we retain our staff and are positioned 

as an attractive organisation for new talent. Remuneration policies 

and packages are reviewed regularly to ensure that the 

compensation and benefits are in line with the market and that the 

employees are rewarded for their contributions, thus aligning the 

interests of the employees to those of the Group’s. Variable 

bonuses are granted to eligible employees based on the individual 

employee’s contribution to the Group, profitability of the Group, 

current economic/ business situation, government’s wage 

guidelines, and internal and external salary equality. Contributions 

to retirement benefit schemes are offered as part of the 

remuneration package in accordance to The Retirement Age Act. 

The official retirement age is 62 years old but may be extended 

based on mutual agreement between the Company and the 

employee. In FY2021, we have 11 (FY2020: 8) employees that are 

above 62 years old. The Group will also continue to recruit and 

groom young talent at the same time acquiring senior experienced 

professional e.g. Retirees.

GENDER

8%

92%

FY 2021

7%

93%

FY 2020

The ratio of female employees in the Group and our industry is 

relatively low due to the nature of our business. Our female 

employees represent 8% of our total workforce.

FY 2021

27% 

&lt; 30 years 

(91)

58% 

30-50 years (192)

15% 

&gt; 50 years 

(51)

32% 

Bangladeshi (106)

28% 

Indian 

(92)

18% 

Singaporean (61)

15% 

Malaysian 

(50)

7% 

Others 

(25)

AGE

NATONALITY

FY 2020

40% 

&lt; 30 years 

(133)

49% 

30-50 years (160)

11% 

&gt; 50 years 

(35)

39% 

Bangladeshi (127)

25% 

Indian 

(81)

19% 

Malaysian 

(63)

11% 

Singaporean (36)

6% 

Others 

(21)

AGE

NATONALITY

Sustainability Report 2021

13








Our 3 Year Performance 

In FY2021, there were no (FY2020: nil) reported incidents of 

complaints on discrimination.

The following table shows the actual complaints on discrimination 

reported for FY2021, FY2020 and FY2019.

FY2021

FY2020

FY2019

0 (Target met)

0 (Target met)

0 (Target met)

OUR TARGET (FY2022)

Zero complaints on discrimination 

and continue to have diversity and 

equal opportunity for all employees.

  LOCAL COMMUNITIES

While achieving business goals is important, Sanli aims to make a 

positive impact and contribute to the society. However, there were 

no social activities and charitable events carried out by the group 

in FY2021 due to Covid-19 pandemic. All the public events and 

activities were restricted by Singapore regulations to ensure safe 

distancing and limit the spread of the virus.

Our 3 Year Performance 

In FY2021, we did not achieve the target we set last year due to 

Covid-19.

The following table shows our targets and performance for FY2021, 

FY2020 and FY2019.

FY2021

FY2020

FY2019

No charity events 

conducted due to 

Covid-19.

(Target not met)

Conducted  

Charity Event

(Target met)

Conducted  

Charity Event

(Target met)

OUR TARGET (FY2022)

Continue to seek opportunities to contribute 

and foster a corporate culture that cares 

about giving back to the community. 

(Subject to situation of Covid-19 and 

prevailing laws imposed by government)

  SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE  

We pride ourselves in having good corporate governance and 

observing compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Sanli 

is committed to conduct the business with integrity and to 

safeguard the interest of all our stakeholders, both internal and 

external. 

Our 3 Year Performance 

In FY2021, we have achieved our target of having no (FY2020: Nil) 

reported incidents of non-compliance. 

The following table shows the actual reported incidents of non-

compliance reported for FY2021, FY2020 and FY2019.

FY2021

FY2020

FY2019

0 (Target met)

0 (Target met)

0 (Target met)

OUR TARGET (FY2022)

Zero incident of non-compliance 

and continue to comply  

with socioeconomics laws  

and regulation.

MEMBERSHIPS





SOCIAL

Sanli Environmental Limited

14




The Board and the Management of Sanli commit to the best practices of the corporate governance to ensure sustainability of the Group’s 

operations. We believe that the constant drive to upkeep corporate excellence will allow us to establish a more transparent, accountable 

and equitable system, thereby increasing the value of the Company and the value to our shareholders. For more details of the Group’s 

Corporate Governance Report, please refer to pages 3 to 4 and the Group’s annual report to be published on 14 September 2021 through 

SGXNet. 

GOVERNANCE



Sustainability Report 2021

15


GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE

REFERENCE / DESCRIPTION

GRI 101:  

Foundation 2016

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

GRI 102:  

General Disclosures

102-1

Name of organisation

Sanli Environmental Limited

102-2

Activities, brands, products and services

SR: Organization Profile, page 2

102-3

Location of headquarters

SR: Organization Profile, page 2

AR 2020: Corporate Information, page 14

102-4

Location of operations

SR: Organization Profile, page 2

AR 2020: CEO’s message, pages 2-3

102-5

Ownership and legal form

AR 2020: Notes to Financial Statements, page 87

102-6

Markets served

SR: Organization Profile, page 2

AR 2020: CEO’s message, pages 2-3

102-7

Scale of the organisation

SR: Organization Profile, page 2

AR 2020: Financial Review, pages 4-5

102-8

Information on employees and other 

workers

SR: Social, pages 13-14

102-9

Supply chain

SR: Organizational Profile, page 2

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation 

and its supply chain

None

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

Sanli supports the intent of the Precautionary 

Principle, but has not expressed a specific 

commitment. 

102-12

External initiatives

SR: Social, page 14

102-13

Membership of associations

SR: Membership, page 14

102-14

Statement from senior decision maker

SR: Message from our Board of Directors, page 1

102-16

Values, principles, standards and norms 

of behavior

SR: Organizational Profile, page 2

AR 2020: Corporate Profile, page 1

102-18

Governance structure

SR: Sustainability Approach, pages 3-4

AR 2020: Corporate Governance Report, pages 16-42

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

SR: Stakeholders and Materiality, pages 5-6

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

None

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

SR: Stakeholders and Materiality, pages 5-6

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

SR: Stakeholders and Materiality, pages 5-6

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

SR: Stakeholders and Materiality, page 5

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements

Sanli M&amp;E Engineering Pte Ltd, 

Sanli E&amp;C Pte Ltd, Sanli M&amp;E Engineering Sdn Bhd 

and Sanli Environmental (Myanmar) Co Ltd

AR 2020: Notes to Financial Statements, page 87

GRI STANDARDS  

CONTENT INDEX

Sanli Environmental Limited

16


GRI STANDARDS  

CONTENT INDEX

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE

REFERENCE / DESCRIPTION

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

GRI 102:  

General Disclosures

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries

SR: Message from our Board of Directors, page 1

102-47

List of material topics

SR: Stakeholders and Materiality, page 7

102-48

Restatement of information

None

102-49

Changes in reporting

None

102-50

Reporting period

SR: Message from our Board of Directors, page 1

102-51

Date of most recent previous report

25 September 2020

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53

Contact point for questions about the 

report

SR: Message from our Board of Directors, page 1

102-54

Claims if reporting in accordance with 

the GRI Standards

SR: Message from our Board of Directors, page 1

102-55

GRI content index

SR: GRI Standard Content Index, pages 16-17

102-56

External Assurance

The Company may consider seeking external 

assurance in the future.

MATERIAL TOPICS

GRI 201:  

Economic 

performance

201-1

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed

SR: Economic, page 8

GRI 205:  

Anti-corruption

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption

SR: Economic, page 8

GRI 302:  

Energy

302-1

Energy consumption within the 

organization

SR: Environmental, page 9

GRI 307:  

Environmental 

compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations

SR: Environmental, page 9

GRI 403:  

Occupational  

health and safety

403-1

Occupational health and safety 

management system

SR: Social, pages 10-12

403-5

Worker training on occupational health 

and safety

GRI 405:  

Diversity and  

equal opportunity

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees

SR: Social, pages 13-14

GRI 413:  

Local Communities

413-2

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, and 

development programs

SR: Social, page 14

GRI 419:  

Socioeconomic 

Compliance

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and economic 

area

SR: Social, page 14

Sustainability Report 2021

17




SANLI ENVIRONMENTAL LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore on 27 February 2017)

(Company Registration No. 201705316M)

28 Kian Teck Drive

Singapore 628845

Tel: (65) 6578 9269

www.sanli.com.sg

