









SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

1





CONTENTS

01

02

03

04

06

08

10

12

20

28

38

48

56

62

About the Report

Chairman’s Foreword

Our Sustainability Vision 2030

Our Approach to Sustainability

Our Sustainability Performance

Enabling a Future-ready Supply Chain

Our Sustainable and Proven Value Chain

Delivering Innovative and Sustainable Solutions

Fulfilling the Needs of Our Customers

Addressing Environmental Challenges

Nurturing Our Human Capital

Protecting Our People

Caring for our Communities

Operating a Responsible Business

ABOUT THE REPORT

Sembcorp Marine’s Sustainability Report, for the third year running, is presented as a standalone publication 

focused on sharing our 2021 accelerated environmental, social and governance (ESG) progress and 

performance with all our stakeholders. 

This report is prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards: Core Option, 

with the GRI Content Index separately published on our website at www.sembmarine.com/sustainability/

sustainability-report. The GRI Standards were selected as our main reporting framework as they are globally 

recognised and relevant for all our stakeholder groups. This year, we have provided disclosures against 

relevant indicators in the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) framework for the first time. To 

enhance our ESG disclosures, we have also referred to recommendations from the Task Force on Climate-

related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs), and 

Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry issued by IPIECA, the American Petroleum 

Institute (API) and the International Association of Oil &amp; Gas Producers (IOGP).

This is the 11th sustainability report we have published since FY2011. This standalone report should be read 

in conjunction with our Annual Report 2021 and full sustainability disclosure online at www.sembmarine.com

This third standalone sustainability report aguments our first two standalone publications. For a full 

appreciation of our sustainability programmes and progress, the three reports should be read in conjunction.

The front cover of this Sustainability Report (SR) depicts Sembcorp Marine’s 

ongoing transformation and its sustainability journey. The global shift 

towards a greener energy mix continues and Sembcorp Marine has similarly 

accelerated our pace of transformation and strategic expansion into the 

high-growth clean and renewable energy segment.

This report cover features a camera shutter that captures our keen focus 

on sustainability and our relentless pursuit of our Sustainability Vision, 

underpinned by our four key sustainability pillars of business growth, 

environmental sustainability, social growth and corporate governance. As 

we challenge ourselves towards our ambitious 2030 objectives, we will 

continue to tap on our collective capabilities and domain expertise to 

provide innovative and sustainable solutions covering ocean renewables, 

decarbonisation, digitalisation and much more, to build a better world for 

our present and future generations.

*This is our third standalone Sustainability Report publication which 

complement and build on the prior two SRs. All three reports should be 

read in conjunction for a full appreciation of our sustainability programmes 

and developments.

SCOPE OF THE REPORT

The scope of our Sustainability Report 2021 

covers the yards under our operational control in 

Singapore, Indonesia and Brazil, unless otherwise 

stated. These three regions have the most 

significant sustainability impact on our stakeholders, 

the environment, and our organisation. The data 

reported relates to the financial year (FY) from 

1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021.

The terms “Sembcorp Marine”, “Sembcorp 

Marine Ltd”, “the Group” and “we” are used 

interchangeably within the Sustainability Report to 

reference operations and facilities in Singapore, 

Indonesia and Brazil, unless otherwise indicated.

The Group’s entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements are detailed in the Notes to 

the Financial Statements in our Annual Report 2021 

(pages 190 to 192), which is published separately at 

www.sembmarine.com/investor-relations/annual-report. 

ASSURANCE 

We have engaged 

PricewaterhouseCoopers 

LLP for the fifth year to 

undertake an assurance 

of selected sustainability 

information in our report. 

The assurance engagement 

was performed in accordance with the Singapore 

Standard on Assurance Engagements (SSAE) 3000 

– Assurance Engagements other than Audits or 

Reviews of Historical Financial Information and, 

in respect of the greenhouse gas emissions, 

in accordance with SSAE 3410 – Assurance 

Engagements on Greenhouse Gas Statements. 

Details can be found in the Independent Limited 

Assurance Report on Sustainability Information at 

www.sembmarine.com/sustainability/sustainability-report.











Sustainability Report 2021

• SGX Sustainability Reporting Index

• GRI Standards: Core Option Content Index

• SASB Content Index

• Independent Practitioner’s Limited Assurance Report

Annual Report 2021

Read additional information on our financials, 

operations, corporate governance and risk 

management framework

Sustainability 

Report 

2020

Sustainability 

Report 

2019

FEEDBACK

To provide feedback on our sustainability reporting, 

please email sustainability@sembmarine.com.

SCAN FOR MORE INFORMATION






SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

2

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

3



CHAIRMAN’S FOREWORD

OUR SUSTAINABILITY VISION 2030

We proactively live the ambitious Vision of 

accelerating the current and future economic, social, 

environmental, and governance goals of our company. 

Strongly supported by our sustainability objectives 

and targets, we strive for the present and future well-

being of all our stakeholders. 

In 2021, the COVID-19 pandemic continued to 

present the world with unprecedented challenges. 

Like many other companies, we felt the adverse 

impact of the pandemic on our company’s businesses 

and operations. Nevertheless, being tested only made 

us more resolute as a team and as a company. We 

faced our challenges squarely and supported by our 

people, customers and partners, we worked tirelessly 

to resolve the multiple problems. 

One stark result of the pandemic – it uncovered what 

is true sustainability.

It became more imperative than ever, for every 

organisation, including ours, to hone and accelerate 

our sustainability strategy. While the Group has sound 

sustainability fundamentals and an all-encompassing 

business model that embraces EESG, we recognise 

the need to set more ambitious and bolder 

sustainability objectives and targets. Resolutely 

oriented towards the future, Sembcorp Marine’s 

Sustainability Vision 2030 focuses on decarbonisation, 

ocean sustainability, digitalisation and social growth. 

For the betterment of our stakeholders, for the 

well-being and improvement of our present and future 

generations, we are determined to achieve our goals. 

In so doing, we will be building a better world for all.

Our sustainability journey since 2015, has taken the 

Group on a strategic business transformation to 

re-balance its product solutions portfolio with an 

increasing concentration on renewables and other 

green solutions. We are cognizant that we have to 

accelerate our efforts to be at the centre of the global 

shift towards a low-carbon economy as the world 

pivots in a faster pace towards renewables energy and 

more sustainable living. As such, Sembcorp Marine 

has developed a suite of innovative solutions in clean 

and renewable energy to advance a carbon-free 

future. Beyond investing in sustainable technologies, 

we have also implemented a series of initiatives 

Sustainability is at the core of Sembcorp Marine’s business growth strategy. While advancing our 

business objectives, we are committed to good corporate governance, environmental sustainability 

and social growth in all aspects of our operations. With a shared vision of a greener planet and 

pristine blue oceans for our present and future generations, the Group has taken a major step 

forward to build on and enhance its existing sustainability efforts by setting ambitious goals to be 

achieved by 2030 through a keen focus on our four strategic areas:

While working towards our Sustainability Vision 2030, the Group is committed to operate a 

responsible, resilient and sustainable business.

Tan Sri Mohd Hassan Marican 

Chairman 

Sembcorp Marine Ltd



DECARBONISATION

OCEAN 

SUSTAINABILITY

DIGITALISATION

SOCIAL GROWTH

Contribute to the 

DECARBONISATION

efforts of our customers, industry and value chain 

through the sustainable solutions we deliver

Mitigate our impact on the 

CLIMATE, 

OCEAN and 

the EARTH

Advance social growth to uplift the 

COMMUNITIES 

where we operate 

of our annual company 

turnover to be generated from 

sustainable solutions

reduction of our 

emissions (Scope 1 &amp; 2) 

from 2008 level

Positive Impact

on our communities, stakeholders 

and people through corporate social 

care programmes

40% 

40% 

Sembcorp Marine’s Sustainability Vision 2030 focuses on 

decarbonisation, ocean sustainability, digitalisation and 

social growth. For the betterment of our stakeholders, for 

the well-being and improvement of our present and future 

generations, we are determined to achieve our goals. In so 

doing, we hope to build a better world for all.

ZERO

harm to the 

environment

Build a Better World for all

through our “Climate, Ocean and Earth” programme, 

aimed at mitigating the impact of our operations on 

the environment.

The pandemic revealed the vulnerabilities of many 

industries, including our industry, thus propelling 

us towards the wider search for more sustainable 

alternatives for various areas of our operations. It 

also highlighted the great importance of supporting 

and enhancing the well-being of our employees 

and the communities. At the same time, we were 

reminded that commitment to exacting standards of 

governance, ethics, transparency and accountability, 

governs the way we manage all areas of our Group.

I am very pleased that our sustainability endeavours 

across multiple fronts, have won the Group 

international recognitions. The Maritime Port 

Authority conferred Sembcorp Marine with the 

inaugural Sustainability Award at the Singapore 

International Maritime Awards 2021. Our sustainable 

products and solutions include award-winning 

vessels designed by our wholly-owned subsidiary 

LMG Marin - the MF Hydra, the world’s first liquid 

hydrogen-powered zero-emission ferry; Ultramarine, 

a technologically-advanced ice-class polar expedition 

cruise ship; and Hjellestad, a hybrid ferry powered by 

biodiesel and an electrical propulsion system.

While we have established clearly defined goals and 

implemented plans to accomplish our sustainability 

objectives, our sustainability journey does not end 

with the attainment of the goals we set today. We will 

continue to advance, and do our utmost towards a 

more sustainable future.




SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

4

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

5

Sembcorp Marine will contribute towards global and national sustainability goals through our green 

efforts, as well as collaborations with industry and knowledge partners on various decarbonisation 

and sustainability initiatives. 

Through engaging our internal and external stakeholders, we have identified seven material issues 

with the greatest impact on our operations. 

The Group has aligned its sustainability programmes with 11 UN SDGs that are relevant to our 

business. We apply and reference international frameworks and standards to guide our sustainability 

efforts and reporting. 

We also advance sustainability best practices through our support 

of and participation in programmes organised by governance 

bodies and sustainability agencies. The Group is a constituent of 

the FTSE4Good Index, the Singapore Exchange iEdge SG ESG 

Leaders Index and the iEdge SG Transparency Index.

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

Sembcorp Marine takes a long-term approach to create value for our stakeholders. We are 

committed to minimising our negative environmental impact, and supporting our communities while 

achieving positive financial performance, business growth and high standards of governance.

Our commitment to sustainability is anchored by our mission, vision, and values, which are the 

guiding principles for our business conduct. 

Our sustainability strategy focuses on four key Economic, Environmental, Social and Governance 

(EESG) pillars: 

Business Growth

We actively address the values, needs and 

priorities of our stakeholders in managing 

our long-term growth and sustainability.

Social Growth

We create positive 

impact on our 

communities and 

for our stakeholders 

through our business 

and socially responsible 

corporate activities.

Corporate Governance

We are committed to high standards of 

governance, ethics and transparency, 

accountability, a proactive risk management 

culture, and regulatory compliance. 

Environmental 

Sustainability

We mitigate our 

environmental impact 

by improving resource 

and operational 

efficiency, reducing our 

carbon footprint, and 

developing sustainable 

solutions.

Environmental 

Sustainability

Business 

Growth

Social 

Growth

Corporate 

Governance

OUR EESG 

PILLARS

OUR 

MATERIALITY 

ISSUES

IMPACT ON 

UN SDGS

INTERNATIONAL 

FRAMEWORKS &amp; 

STANDARDS













































Scan for more 

information on our 

materiality issues









BUSINESS 

GROWTH

E

N

V

I

R

O

N

M

E

N

T

A

L

G

O

V

E

R

N

A

N

C

E

S

U

S

T

A

I

N

A

B

I

L

I

T

Y

S

O

C

I

A

L

G

R

O

W

T

H

C

O

R

P

O

R

A

T

E









Innovation &amp; 

Sustainable 

Solutions

Environmental 

Sustainability

Business 

Integrity

Human Capital

Total Workplace 

Safety &amp; Health

Community 

Engagement

Customer 

Alignment



• Global Reporting Initiative Standards

• Sustainability Accounting Standards Board Standards 

• Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas 

Industry issued by IPIECA, API and IOGP

• United Nations Sustainable Development Goals 

• Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 

• CDP Climate Change 2021

• Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol

• ISO Standards


SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

6

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

7



OUR SUSTAINABILITY PERFORMANCE

Our key achievements attained in 2021 at a glance

&gt;30%

&gt;2,300 tonnes

2021 PERFORMANCE

2025 TARGETS

of annual company 

turnover from 

sustainable solutions2

of carbon emissions avoided by using 

clean energy generated by the solar 

panels at Sembcorp Marine Tuas 

Boulevard Yard, equivalent to taking 

729 cars off the road for a year2

compliance with 

anti-competitive 

behaviour, anti-trust 

and monopoly2

training hours 

per employee 

globally2

per million 

man-hours 

worked2

invested in 

community 

programmes2

100%

32.8

0.53 LTIR1

S$3 million

• Achieved 30% of annual company 

turnover from sustainable solutions

• Continue to boost innovation 

development in decarbonisation and 

emerging technologies

• Achieve 30% of annual company 

turnover generated from sustainable 

solutions

• Maintained 100% compliance with 

product safety and health

• Achieved 98% customer satisfaction 

for repairs and upgrades projects

• Continued to protect customers’ data

• Achieve 100% compliance with 

product safety &amp; health requirements

• 95% customer satisfaction in all 

projects

• No significant fines arising from non-

compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations

• 100% contracted procurement 

spend in compliance with Sembcorp 

Marine’s Codes of Conduct

• Continuing efforts towards 

ISO 50001 Energy Management 

System certification

• Achieved a total installed solar panel 

capacity of 6.97MWp3

• Zero harm to environment

• 100% contracted procurement spend 

• Total investment in global employee 

training and development was S$1.08 

million, equivalent to 0.25% of total 

payroll

• Achieved 32.8 training hours per 

employee globally

• 3% of total payroll as investment for 

workforce competencies and talent 

development

• 40 training hours or five training days 

per employee per year

• Build a diverse and inclusive workplace

• Accident Frequency Rate, Accident 

Severity Rate and Workplace 

Injury Rate at 0.53, 8.39 and 148.36 

respectively4

• Vision Zero incidence target

• Workplace Injury Rate below national 

benchmarks

• Invested S$3 million in community 

programmes

• More than 3,000 hours contributed 

by staff in community programmes &amp; 

volunteering activities5

• S$2.5 million of annual investment for 

community engagement

• 20,000 hours of participation in 

community projects &amp; volunteering 

activities by employees

• Active engagement with governance 

bodies and sustainability agencies

• Maintained 100% compliance with 

codes of conduct by employees and 

suppliers

• No material incident of non-compliance

• 100% compliance with anti-

competitive behaviour, anti-trust and 

monopoly policies

• Uphold the standard of corporate 

governance disclosures

• Manage risks of the Group holistically 

and prudently within ambit of its 

risk appetite, safeguards assets &amp; 

shareholders’ interests, as well as 

comply with applicable laws

• Uphold the Group’s zero tolerance 

policy towards fraud, bribery &amp; 

corruption

(1) LTIR refers to Lost Time Injury Rate. For more details, please refer to page 51.

(2) In FY2020, the Group achieved 26% of annual company turnover from sustainable solutions; avoided more than 2,190 tonnes of carbon emissions by using 

   clean energy generated by the solar panels at Tuas Boulevard Yard; obtained 100% compliance with anti-competitive behaviour, anti-trust and monopoly; 

   clocked 16.06 training hours per employee globally; attained 0.65 LTIR; and invested more than S$1.70 million in community programmes. 

(3) Installed capacity refers solely to capacity of solar panels installed, and does not pertain to solar panels that are commissioned and switched on. 

(4) For more details, please refer to page 51.

(5) Inability to achieve desirable community hours due to COVID-19 restrictions and safe management measures.

Details of our 2021 performance:

Innovation &amp; 

Sustainable Solutions

Customer 

Alignment

Environmental

Sustainability

Human 

Capital

Business 

Integrity

Total Workplace

Safety &amp; Health

WINNER

of the Sustainability Award at 

the Singapore International 

Maritime Awards 2021

Community

Engagement


SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

8

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

9

ENABLING A FUTURE-READY SUPPLY CHAIN

SUPPLY 

CHAIN 

MANAGEMENT

Strategic Sourcing 

and Responsible 

Procurement

Due Diligence  

and Compliance

Harnessing 

Technologies

Engagement and 

Collaboration

Inventory 

Optimisation

Sembcorp Marine upholds high standards of quality, health, 

safety and environmental compliance at every stage of our supply 

chain. Through our five pillars of supply chain management, the 

Group works towards improving traceability and connectivity, and 

mitigating environmental and social impact. Integrating sustainability 

and digitalisation into our supply chain management processes are 

part of our future-ready strategy to mitigate disruptions, ensure 

business continuity and maintain our competitiveness. 

Strategic Sourcing and 

Responsible Procurement

Due Diligence 

and Compliance

Harnessing 

Technologies

Engagement and 

Collaboration

Inventory 

Optimisation

We source our equipment, materials, parts 

and other items in ways that reduce our 

carbon footprint. Products and solutions that 

do not harm the environment and have lower 

carbon footprint are preferred. These include 

environmentally-friendly paints, coatings and 

materials as well as energy-efficient products 

for our customers’ projects and business 

operations. Supplied goods are required 

to be 100% asbestos-free, contain no 

hydrochlorofluorocarbons or material banned 

by regulations.

We use approved and licensed service 

providers to recycle materials such as 

steel and blasting grit, and to dispose 

waste responsibly and in compliance with 

regulatory requirements.

We require the supply of key materials, 

equipment and consumables to meet 

national and international environmental, 

safety and public health requirements from 

the International Maritime Organization, 

Montreal Protocol provisions, Singapore’s 

National Environment Agency (NEA) and 

other statutory boards. 

We deploy strategic sourcing arrangements 

with key suppliers to secure essential 

supplies and undisrupted services – such 

as waste treatment, freight forwarding, 

logistics and maintenance services for our 

operations.

To assess the credentials and reliability 

of suppliers, our due diligence processes 

include pre-qualification checks, performance 

evaluations and audits prior to registration into 

Sembcorp Marine’s approved vendor lists. 

We carry out annual and ad-hoc compliance 

screenings on our suppliers for bribery and 

corruption, human rights abuses, slave labour 

and environmental offences.

New suppliers are required to adhere and to 

sign declaration in compliance with Sembcorp 

Marine’s Code of Business Conduct and 

Supplier Code of Conduct. Suppliers shall be 

subject to compliance audit when required.

We conduct quality assurance on suppliers’ 

production, factory acceptance tests (FAT), 

on-site audits and remote inspections to 

ensure continued compliance to technical 

requirements and industry health, safety and 

environmental standards. 

We expect our suppliers to declare their 

compliance with environmental, social 

and governance requirements set out in 

the Sembcorp Marine Supplier Code of 

Conduct and Code of Business Conduct. Our 

suppliers comply with our emission reporting 

requirements for materials used and waste 

and disposal, where prescribed. Upon request, 

our suppliers provide products with Singapore 

Green Label and Energy Labelling Schemes by 

the NEA.

Evaluation criteria are established for 

procurement related to using products, 

equipment and services that have impact on 

significant energy use in our facilities, systems, 

processes or equipment.

Our suppliers are expected to operate in an 

environmentally responsible manner with 

regard to natural resource consumption, 

materials sourcing, waste generation, 

discharges and emissions.

Sembcorp Marine prohibits the supply and use 

of conflict minerals and requires supporting 

documentations to ascertain mineral sources.

Digital platforms and 

technologies are deployed for 

procurement processes and 

interfacing with supply chain 

partners and stakeholders. This 

ensures business continuity, 

security, traceability, operational 

resilience and effective control for 

procurement processes.

Remote inspection solutions and 

video conferencing are utilised 

for engagements, performance 

audits and business meetings 

with our supplier community 

when required.

Our procurement procedures 

and digital platforms improve 

lead-times and enable close 

monitoring of procurement 

processes from pre-sourcing and 

sourcing to delivery of goods and 

services.

When required, remote 

inspection solutions and video 

conferencing also save on 

business travel emissions and 

allow us to continue global 

operations with less carbon 

intensity.

We actively monitor our inventory 

flows, delivery and deployment 

of materials, equipment and 

consumables to ensure continuity 

of supply. We replenish our 

inventory levels with contingency 

supply sources to ensure 

continuity of our operations with 

minimal waste. 

We source from our global supply 

chains for equipment, materials 

and consumables. We optimise 

our sourcing routes to fulfil our 

project requirements to minimise 

our transportation costs and 

carbon footprint. 

To optimise our inventory levels 

and reduce wastage, we actively 

match the supply of materials and 

consumables at our shipyards 

against production requirements 

and establish advanced delivery 

plans with our strategic suppliers.

We engage our suppliers closely 

to monitor availability of goods 

and services. This enables us 

to better manage disruption 

points, enable recovery plans and 

meet compliance requirements 

by authorities. We monitor 

the source and availability of 

key materials, equipment and 

consumables to identify and 

mitigate possible risk areas in the 

supply chain. 

Our approved vendors list allows 

for geographical diversity in our 

sourcing to mitigate disruption 

points in our supply chain. 

Strategic frame agreements with 

key suppliers secure essential 

suppliers for our operations.

We exchange insights and 

share knowledge with our 

key equipment vendors and 

material suppliers on product 

technology, technical and supply 

chain updates. This allows our 

engineering, procurement and 

operational functions to be 

informed of the latest innovations 

in sustainable technologies and 

energy-efficient products. 

We work closely with our 

customers to continuously 

enhance our sustainability 

best practices. We engage our 

suppliers to progressively share 

and align their ESG practices with 

Sembcorp Marine.

Improving 

Traceability 

and Connectivity

Mitigating 

Environmental 

and Social Impact



Sharing session with our customer, Ørsted, 

on Decarbonisation programme


SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

10

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

11

OUR SUSTAINABLE AND PROVEN VALUE CHAIN

At Sembcorp Marine, we are committed to operating responsibly and creating value across our 

value chain. We strategically plan the life-cycle stages of our products and solutions – from design 

and engineering to production and delivery – to mitigate our environmental, social and governance 

impact.

Our sustainable value chain processes have enabled us to develop cleaner and greener products and 

solutions that meet high standards of safety, quality and reliability. The successful sailaway of the first 

of three zero-emission roll-on/roll-off passenger (Ropax) ferries that we designed and constructed for 

Norled further affirms our proven value chain capabilities.

OUR  

SUSTAINABLE 

VALUE CHAIN

Innovation 

&amp; Solutions 

Development

Production, 

Construction &amp; 

Commissioning

Quality, Health, 

Safety &amp; 

Environment

Validation

Transportation 

&amp; Delivery

Product in 

Operation

Procurement

STAKEHOLDERS’ ENGAGEMENT 

THROUGHOUT OUR VALUE CHAIN

Government &amp;

Industry Partners

Customers

Employees &amp;

Contractors

Investors, Finance, 

Professionals &amp; Media

Business Partners

&amp; Suppliers

Communities

















Developing Sustainable Designs and Solutions

Ethical Sourcing and 

Responsible Procurement

Integrating Quality, Health, 

Safety and Environment

Supporting Safe Transportation and Ensuring Sustainable Operations

Operational Sustainability 

and Responsibility

Development of sustainable solutions to mitigate impact on the climate, ocean and earth, including marine 

life and biodiversity.

Sustainable and ethical sourcing of materials, 

services and manpower resources are utilised. 

Our sustainable vessel solutions include three fully battery-operated zero-emission Ropax ferries designed and 

constructed by Sembcorp Marine for Norled. The vessel’s lithium-ion batteries will be charged using green hydro-electric 

power

In addition to responsible procurement for production, 

the Ropax ferries were constructed in the Group’s steel 

fabrication facility at Tuas Boulevard Yard that leverages 

renewable solar energy

Greener operational processes, enabled by 

Industry 4.0 technologies, are used to enhance 

sustainability, reduce carbon footprint and 

minimise wastage during production.

Strike steel to mark construction commencement

Construction in progress in the highly automated 

steel fabrication facility

Ensuring safe transfer of the ferry to the quayside 

for the next phase of work after steel fabrication and 

assembly 

Stringent QHSE tests are conducted to ensure 

seaworthiness and operability 

Quality, health, safety and environmental 

(QHSE) standards in compliance with regulatory 

requirements and classification standards are 

integrated into our value chain processes. 

Support is provided for the safe transport of assets and measures are taken to ensure reliable and 

sustainable operation.

Successful sailaway of the Ropax ferry via dry transport from Tuas Boulevard Yard to Norway for further testing prior to delivery

Scan for more information on 

our stakeholders’ engagement, 

process of identifying and selecting 

stakeholders, and responses to 

stakeholders’ concerns



Scan for more 

information on 

our value chain 

management




SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

12

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

13



DELIVERING 

INNOVATIVE &amp; 

SUSTAINABLE 

SOLUTIONS

BOOSTING INNOVATION DEVELOPMENT 

THROUGH RESEARCH &amp; DEVELOPMENT, 

TECHNOLOGY COLLABORATIONS AND 

STRATEGIC INVESTMENTS TO DRIVE 

OFFSHORE, MARINE AND ENERGY 

DECARBONISATION











Collaborations to explore viability of 

ammonia as a marine fuel to pave the way 

for emission-free shipping in the future

Leveraging our vast expertise and technological 

bench strength in the design and construction of 

marine vessels, as well as LMG Marin’s cutting-

edge design capabilities, we have designed an 

ammonia bunkering vessel and provided information 

for Hazard Identification Study. Together with 

our partners, Mitsui O.S.K Lines and ITOCHU 

Corporation, we have attained Approval in Principle 

from the American Bureau of Shipping for the 

innovative and sustainable concept design of an 

ammonia bunkering vessel.


SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

14

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

15













Innovation is a strategic enabler at Sembcorp Marine which drives the Group’s sustainability, 

corporate transformation and technological improvements.

The Group is focused on boosting its innovation capabilities through:

• Development of technologies and solutions that provide a differentiated edge;

• Strategic collaborations with government agencies, research institutions, classification societies 

and industry partners; and 

• Strategic investments in intellectual property. 

These efforts have enabled us to enrich our core engineering capabilities as well as develop novel 

and non-traditional technological solutions and designs.

To develop innovative and sustainable solutions that add value to our offshore, marine and energy 

industry customers, we align our research and development programmes with our five innovation 

focus areas. We also actively work with our business partners to develop our innovations from 

conception to implementation in our pursuit of new opportunities and sustainable objectives. 

Sharing the vision of creating a more sustainable planet for current and future generations, 

Sembcorp Marine actively champions decarbonisation in the maritime industry through 

collaborations with industry stakeholders and knowledge partners in the development of pioneering 

technologies in clean and renewable energy.

Achieved 30% of annual company turnover 

from sustainable solutions in 2021

DELIVERING INNOVATIVE &amp; SUSTAINABLE SOLUTIONS

“The world’s energy transition is underway, and the marine industry is proactively driving 

towards a greener future. This exciting period of change also opens up new business 

possibilities and opportunities. Sembcorp Marine is now leveraging its engineering 

expertise, state-of-the-art facilities, green innovations and technology to create and 

deliver clean energy solutions for a more sustainable offshore and marine industry.” 

 - Mr Wong Weng Sun, President &amp; CEO of Sembcorp Marine

OUR INNOVATION FOCUS

DIGITALISATION

GAS

RENEWABLES

OCEAN LIVING

PROCESS

Our Engineering and Design Capabilities 

for Turnkey Projects

Dorado FPSO FEED 

awarded in 2021

With close to 60 years of track record in the engineering design of different ship types, our 

engineering scope of work ranges from conceptualization of design, front-end engineering design 

(FEED), basic design, detailed engineering, construction engineering to final as-built. 

The FEED phase is crucial in a turnkey engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) project’s 

lifecycle. With superior design and engineering capabilities, we are able to offer innovative and 

sustainable design concepts, optimise the designs, develop cost-effective execution and supply 

chain solutions. During this early design phase, we work closely with our customers, design 

companies and marine classification societies to achieve design finalisation resulting in minimum 

changes during detailed enegineering and construction which is the key to successful EPC projects.

Completed over 25 EPC projects in 

the last 15 years

Dorado Floating Production, Storage 

and Offloading (FPSO) is converted 

from a donor Suezmax vessel, Nordic 

Brasilia shuttle tanker. Features of the 

FPSO include:

• Production rate of 100,000 Barrels 

(bbl) per day 

• Designed to accommodate 80 

personnel on board

• Dis-connectable submerged turret 

production with buoy moored to the 

seabed

• Re-injection compressors, 

3x13-megawatt gas turbine generators

• 12 cargo tanks with approximately 

860,000 bbl storage capacity

Sleipnir Semi-submersible 

Crane Vessel 

Noble Lloyd Noble Jack-up 

Rig

Pioneiro de Libra FPSO

Johan Castberg FPSO

Helix Q7000 Well Intervention 

Semi-submersible Vessel

Transocean 20k Drillship











Concept Design

Front End 

Engineering 

Design (FEED)

Basic Design

Detailed 

Engineering

Construction 

Engineering

As-Built




SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

16

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

17

DELIVERING INNOVATIVE &amp; SUSTAINABLE SOLUTIONS

Contributing to Maritime Decarbonisation





World’s First Liquid Hydrogen-powered Vessel 

The MF HYDRA is a zero-emission vessel operated by Norled and is the world’s first vessel to be 

powered by liquid hydrogen. A sustainable and innovative ferry designed by Sembcorp Marine’s 

wholly-owned subsidiary, LMG Marin AS (LMG Marin), it has won the prestigious Ship of the Year 

Award presented by Skipsrevyen as well as the Best Medium Ro-Pax Award at the Work Boat 

World Awards 2021.

Exploring Hydrogen as a Marine Fuel 

Sembcorp Marine advanced 

decarbonisation in the marine industry 

with the signing of a Memorandum of 

Understanding in April 2021 with Shell 

and Penguin International to jointly 

develop and pilot the use of hydrogen 

fuel cells for ships in Singapore - a first 

for the nation.

The collaboration will see Sembcorp 

Marine designing, fabricating and 

integrating a hydrogen fuel cell system 

onto a roll-on/roll-off vessel. 

Collaborating on Maritime Decarbonisation

In April 2021, Sembcorp Marine has 

signed a Memorandum of Cooperation 

with the Maritime and Port Authority 

of Singapore and five other partners to 

set up the Global Centre for Maritime 

Decarbonisation (GCMD) in Singapore 

to drive decarbonisation in the maritime 

industry.

Together with other partners as founding 

members, we participated in a study 

initiated by GCMD to define safety and 

operational envelopes for an ammonia 

bunkering pilot in Singapore.

World’s First Zero-emission Ammonia-

Fuelled Tanker

In December 2021, LMG Marin secured a 

contract to design the world’s first green 

ammonia-fuelled tanker, the MS Green 

Ammonia, for Grieg Edge.

The zero-emission vessel will transport 

and distribute green ammonia fuel from 

a production facility in Berlevag, Norway, 

to Svalbard, a Norwegian archipelago 

between mainland Norway and the North 

Pole from 2024, replacing coal-fired power.







Developing Low-carbon Ocean 

Data Centre 

In September 2021, Sembcorp Marine, 

Big Data Exchange and National 

University of Singapore signed a 

Memorandum of Understanding to 

explore the development of sustainable 

ocean data centres.

This partnership aims to develop proof-

of-concept and pave the way for offshore 

data centres that address land scarcity 

and energy-efficiency challenges.



World’s Largest Zero-emission Ferry 

In November 2021, Sembcorp Marine 

through LMG Marin has been awarded 

a contract for the design of a hybrid 

Ropax freight ferry.

The 484-feet-long ferry will be powered 

with a hybrid electric propulsion system 

which will be deployed to ply between 

the ports of Rodbhy and Puttgarden in 

Denmark and Germany. 



Growing Negative Emission Capability

Sembcorp Marine’s wholly-owned 

subsidiary, Sevan SSP AS, was part of 

a consortium to develop a large-scale 

maritime concept for transport and 

injection of CO2 for permanent storage 

in subsea reservoirs – comprising a CO2 

carrier and Sevan SSP Floating Storage 

Injection Unit. 




SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

18

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

19



DELIVERING INNOVATIVE &amp; SUSTAINABLE SOLUTIONS

Sembcorp Marine’s engineering design capabilities in ocean renewables 

are key to the Group in becoming a global EPC partner for energy 

companies in offshore wind projects and renewable segment. 

Advancing Towards Net Zero Carbon Future

1

10

11

12

13

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

1

Substation – HVDC (High Voltage Direct 

Current)

2

Energy Hub |CCUS|H2|NH3 Generation

3

Bottom-Fixed Wind Turbine 

4

Floating Wind Technology 

5

Offshore Wind Turbine Installation Vessel

6

Hydrogen-driven Wind Farm 

Crew-Transfer Vessel

7

Wind Electrification FPSO

8

Floating Wind Technology

9

Floating HVDC Substation 

10

Carbon Capture (Utilisation) Storage 

(CCUS)

11

Ammonia (NH3) Carrier

12

Hydrogen (H2) Bunker

13

CO2 Carrier



2030

Achieve 40% of annual company turnover 

generated from sustainable solutions


SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

20

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

21



FULFILLING THE 

NEEDS OF OUR 

CUSTOMERS

Successfully completed the fabrication 

of the Offshore Substation and Reactive 

Compensation Station for Ørsted Wind 

Power subsidiary Optimus Wind Limited

Our work on the Hornsea 2 Offshore Wind Farm 

project will support Ørsted in their sustainable 

energy operations to bring clean renewable 

power to more than 1.3 million homes in the 

United Kingdom.

DELIVERING SAFE AND TIMELY 

EXECUTION OF ALL OUR 

PROJECTS WHILE MEETING THE 

NEEDS OF OUR CUSTOMERS AND 

STAKEHOLDERS 





Offshore Substation at Hornsea 2 

Offshore Wind Farm


SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

22

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

23









FULFILLING THE NEEDS OF OUR CUSTOMERS

Despite unprecedented challenges due to the protracted effects from the COVID-19 pandemic, 

Sembcorp Marine was able to achieve multiple project completions with successful delivery in 2021 

without compromising safety and quality. None of our delivered solutions in FY2021 required health 

and safety impact assessments for improvement.

The Group has demonstrated its resilience in overcoming the challenges through operational 

flexibility and close collaboration with customers. To resolve the shortage of skilled workers and 

supply chain constraints, we actively recruited manpower from alternative sources and tapped on 

our global supply chain and logistics capabilities to ensure the safe and progressive execution of our 

projects. We also leveraged on our overseas facilities in Indonesia and Brazil to optimise our capacity 

and resources to provide cost-effective solutions for our customers. 

As we position for the recovery underpinned by ongoing strategic diversification and expansion into 

the clean energy sector, we continue to focus on the safe and timely execution of all our projects and 

remain committed to meeting the needs of our customers and stakeholders. 

The Group is well-positioned to provide sustainable and low-carbon solutions to support our 

customers’ sustainability goals and the global transition towards clean and renewable energy. 

OUR RENEWABLE PRODUCT SOLUTIONS



Offshore Wind 

Farm Substations 

(Fixed Platforms)

Wind Turbine 

Installation Vessel

Bottom-fixed Jacket 

Foundations &amp; Floating Offshore 

Wind Turbine Substructures 

(Moderate - Harsh Conditions)

Hydrogen-powered 

Crew-transfer Vessel

Floating Carbon 

Capture Storage 

Processed CO2 

Reinjection Unit

Ammonia 

Solution

Renewable energy and other cleaner and green solutions account for approximately 43% of the 

Group’s net order book as at 31 December 2021.

“As Sembcorp Marine accelerates its transformation and positions itself for the global 

shift towards a low carbon economy, it will continue to harness opportunities across the 

entire offshore, marine and renewable energy sectors, including clean solutions such 

as electrification, gas value chain, ocean living, as well as carbon capture and storage 

solutions.”

  - Mr Wong Weng Sun, President &amp; CEO of Sembcorp Marine

Tuas Boulevard Yard, Singapore6

Karimun Yard (PT. Karimun Sembawang Shipyard), 

Indonesia

Aracruz Yard (Estaleiro Jurong Aracruz), Brazil 

Batam Yard (P.T. SMOE Indonesia), Indonesia

(6) For more details on our integrated global platform, please refer to pages 6 and 7 of our Annual Report 2021.


SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

24

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

25

FULFILLING THE NEEDS OF OUR CUSTOMERS

Sailaways and Deliveries in 2021

Our Expanded Footprint in Renewables and Clean Energy Sectors 

Ørsted’s Offshore Substation and Reactive 

Compensation Station topsides set sail for 

the Hornsea 2 Offshore Wind Farm following 

successful fabrication in August 2021.

Offshore hook-up and commissioning works 

for the substation platforms commenced in 

November 2021, following successful installation 

in the UK North Sea, with completion scheduled 

for 2022.

We marked the success of the first phase of the 

Tyra project with the sailaway of two wellhead 

topsides, one riser topside and two bridges 

in July 2021 for deployment to TotalEnergies’ 

redeveloped Tyra East Field located in the 

Danish North Sea. The topsides and bridges 

will replace Tyra’s ageing facilities to support 

TotalEnergies’ vision and pursuit of sustainable 

operations with lower environmental footprint.

In March 2021, Sembcorp Marine delivered the milestone 

FSRU Karmol LNGT Powership Africa conversion project for the 

Karadeniz-MOL (Karmol) Joint Venture. This high quality, complex 

engineering project involved the design and installation of 

regasification units, power module and spread mooring system. The 

FSRU was successfully commissioned and deployed to Senegal. In 

July 2021, we delivered Gaslog Singapore, an LNG FSU conversion 

project for Panama.

We delivered three LNG reliquefaction plant retrofit projects as well 

as first special surveys, Murex, Macoma and Magdala, for Seapeak 

(formerly Teekay Gas) and Shell, the vessels’ manager. This is a 

series of five-vessel award with two more to be carried out in 2022 

as part of the vessel efficiency improvement programme. 

The success of these specialised LNG projects have further 

strengthened Sembcorp Marine’s reputation as the market leader 

in LNGC, FSU and FSRU repairs, life extension, upgrades and 

conversion. 

We successfully delivered the upgrading of offshore heavy-lift 

vessel, Aegir, on time and with excellent HSE performance for 

Heerema Marine Contractors in March 2021. The project involved 

the upgrading of the crane lifting capacity to 5,000 tonnes 

Safe Working Load and drydock work, has taken 3.5 months to 

complete. Following the completion of the upgrades, Aegir was 

deployed for the installation of jacket foundations at the Changhua 

Offshore Wind Project in Taiwan.















Our Proven Capabilities In Turnkey Offshore Mega Construction 

On 27 December 2021, we celebrated another major milestone in our newbuilding track record with 

the successful delivery of the Vito Regional Production Facility to Shell Offshore Inc. 

The integration of Vito’s topside structure with its hull was executed safely and efficiently by a pair 

of state-of-the-art goliath cranes with 30,000-tonne combined lifting capacity and 100-metre hook 

height in Tuas Boulevard Yard. The yard’s ability to perform this type of mega-block lifting enabled 

the Vito topsides and living quarters to be fabricated and assembled at ground level to minimise 

work-at-height risks, before integration with the four-column Floating Production Unit (FPU) hull in a 

single lift.

The landmark project was executed in compliance with high quality, HSE (Health, Safety and 

Environment) and sustainability standards, as well as stringent inspection processes by Shell, the 

Certified Verification Authority and the US Coast Guard.





One-Stop Solution for Ship Repairs and Upgrades 

Sembcorp Marine continues to play a key role in supporting the global shipping supply chains by 

providing safe, high quality and on-time one-stop solution ranging from periodic maintenance and dry 

docking to complex engineering and upgrade projects. The solutions we offer to our customer ensure 

the safety of their marine and offshore assets, minimise operational disruptions as well as safeguard 

the well-being of the crew working onboard. In 2021, we delivered a total of 144 vessels that included 

conventional tankers, container vessels, bulk carriers as well as highly specialised LNGCs (Liquefied 

Natural Gas Carriers), FSUs (Floating Storage Units), FSRUs (Floating Storage Regasification Units), 

FPSOs (Floating Production, Storage and Offloading Units), cruise ships, naval vessels and offshore 

heavy-lift vessels.

Repaired and upgraded 16 LNG 

carriers for customers, including 

GasLog, MOL LNG, NWSSSC 

Australia, and NYK LNG 

Carried out 29 cruise ship refit &amp; 

maintenance projects for customers, such 

as Carnival Australia, Celebrity Cruises, 

Princess Cruises, Royal Caribbean and 

Compagnie Du Ponant

Completed 30 ballast 

water management system 

and scrubber retrofit 

projects


SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

26

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

27

Our New Contracts

A Trusted Partner for Innovative and Sustainable Solutions

FULFILLING THE NEEDS OF OUR CUSTOMERS

Sembcorp Marine made further inroads into 

the renewable energy sector in March 2021 

with a contract award from RWE Renewables 

for the design, construction, installation and 

commissioning of the Sofia Offshore Wind 

Farm offshore converter platform (OCP) 

located in the UK North Sea. The high voltage 

direct current (HVDC) OCP, comprising a 

17,000-tonne topside and a jacket foundation 

structure piled into the seabed 220km from the 

nearest shore, will be the most remote of its 

kind. With a capacity of 1.4 gigawatt that will 

power the equivalent of nearly 1.2 million UK 

homes with clean and renewable energy, Sofia 

will be one of the largest wind farms in the 

world when completed. 





In December 2021, Sembcorp Marine through LMG Marin, secured a contract to design the 

world’s first green ammonia-fuelled tanker, the MS Green Ammonia, for Grieg Edge, the 

dedicated innovation unit of the Grieg Maritime Group and owner of the vessel concept. 

Powered by green ammonia, the zero-emission vessel will transport and distribute green 

ammonia fuel from a production facility in Berlevåg, Norway, to Svalbard, a Norwegian 

archipelago between mainland Norway and the North Pole from 2024, replacing coal-fired 

power. 

As LMG Marin commences design work on the world’s first green ammonia-fuelled tanker, it 

will leverage on the Group’s integrated marine and offshore engineering capabilities, deep 

R&amp;D domain expertise and technological bench strength in designing and building high-

performance and specialised vessels.

This ground-breaking project demonstrates our commitment to spearhead maritime 

decarbonisation through continuing development of sustainable solutions.

Renewables Solutions | EPC Contract

Ammonia Solutions | CONCEPT DEVELOPMENT Collaboration 

In December 2021, we entered into a contract 

with Bechtel Overseas Corporation (Bechtel) 

for the modules assembly of the second LNG 

train to be constructed at the Pluto LNG 

Project. An integrated management team will 

be formed to manage the modules assembly 

programme for the project.

We secured an exclusive contract from 

Altera Infrastructure GP LLC, in September 

2021 to undertake the FEED work for the 

FPSO facility for the Dorado project.

Located in the Bedout Sub-basin, offshore 

Western Australia, Dorado is an integrated 

oil and gas project which is expected to 

have an initial oil production of 75,000 to 

100,000 barrels per day, with subsequent 

The Group secured an amendment contract 

from Tupi B.V. in June 2021 for modification 

and integration works to be completed on the 

FPSO P-71 oil and gas vessel at our Aracruz 

Yard in Brazil. To be deployed at the Itapu 

field, FPSO P-71 is expected to augment the 

world-class assets of Tupi B.V. for deployment 

in deep and ultra-deep waters. This project 

provides an opportunity to showcase our 

Aracruz Yard’s capabilities to undertake large 

scale and complex engineering projects.







The construction of Pluto Train 2 will expand Pluto’s existing processing capacity by around five 

million tonnes per annum and allow for the processing of third-party gas resources. Pluto LNG is a 

single onshore LNG processing train located on the Burrup Peninsula near Karratha in the north-west 

of Western Australia and currently processes gas from the Pluto and Xena offshore fields. 

Previous collaborations between Sembcorp Marine and Bechtel include Australia Pacific LNG project 

and the Wheatstone LNG project.

development of significant gas resources. Operated by Australian energy company, Santos 

Ltd, Dorado will be one of the lowest emission intensity oil and gas projects in the region, 

given its very low CO2 reservoir with approximately 1.5 per cent CO2 and plans for the 

reinjection of gas in the initial phase.

Process Solutions | FEED Contract

Process Solutions | REPAIRS &amp; UPGRADES Work

LNG Solutions | CONSTRUCTION Contract

Pluto LNG Pluto Train 2 Project

FEED Contract for DORADO’s FPSO Facility

Tupi B.V.’s FPSO P-71

Sofia Offshore Wind Farm

World’s First Green Ammonia-fuelled Tanker Design




ADDRESSING 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

CHALLENGES

EMBRACING NEW TECHNOLOGIES TO 

PROTECT THE NATURE, REDUCE OUR 

EMISSIONS AND STRIVE FOR ZERO 

HARM TO THE ENVIRONMENT













We provide safe and reliable cylindrical 

hull designs to mitigate harsh water 

environmental risk

Sevan SSP’s cylindrical hull design has been 

chosen for the Wisting Field Developement. This 

FPSO will also be powered with hydro-generated 

renewable electrical power via a submarine cable 

connection to shore to lower its emission. 

In a separate project collaboration, Sevan SSP’s 

cylindrical hull is being developed into a Floating 

CO2 Storage and Injection Unit, as part of a 

broader European North Sea Decarbonisation 

programme.


SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

30

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

31







ADDRESSING ENVIRONMENTAL CHALLENGES

Caring for Our Ocean

Discharge

Ocean 

Biodiversity

Rising 

Sea Level

Bio-Fouling 

&amp; Corrosion

The ocean is one of the world’s most important natural resources, including fish and 

salt, and a major highway for the transportation of goods and people. More than 

three billion people depend on the oceans for their livelihood.

Increasing levels of carbon dioxide are making the ocean more acidic, and many marine species and 

ecosystems increasingly vulnerable. Global warming is increasing ocean temperatures that impact 

corals and diverse ecosystems. Overfishing has led to oceanic degradation.

The ocean absorbs approximately 

a third of the atmospheric carbon 

dioxide, reducing the impact of 

climate change.

The ocean holds many of life’s 

essentials including global food 

and water supply.

The ocean offers new spaces for 

sustainable living.

The ocean potentially holds a rich 

source of mineral deposits, including 

copper, zinc, gold and silver, useful in 

products we use every day.

Sembcorp Marine is committed to protecting 

our ocean ecosystems. Through investment in 

research and development of ocean engineering 

and marine science technologies, we deliver 

innovative, safe and reliable solutions that 

operate globally. 

As we explore new opportunities, we implement 

responsible corporate practices and policies, 

and comply with laws and regulations across our 

processes and operations. 

We mitigate the risks to safety and health of 

the environment and asset by designing and 

building solutions in accordance with stringent 

international standards. These include 

complying with the IMO regulations and the 

Polar Code. 

In 2021, the Group did not incur significant 

fines from non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations. The Group also supports 

and engages in community activities that 

protect our ocean health.

Our yards comply with 

discharge requirements 

set by local authorities. 

We also remove marine 

plastics and debris from 

surrounding waters 

that drift into our yards 

through the debris 

collectors installed at 

our yards. 

Our employees 

across our operations 

volunteer in coastal, 

mangrove and beach 

clean-up activities.

We developed a 

chemical-free ballast 

water management 

system to mitigate the 

transfer of bio-invasive 

species at sea.

Infrastructures in 

Tuas Boulevard Yard 

and Aracruz Yard 

are built at a higher 

datum level to 

address rising sea 

levels.

We reduce the use 

of microplastics 

by partnering with 

experts to test and 

develop sustainable 

coating solutions. 

We also promote 

the use of chemical 

additive-free paints.



NEAR SHORE

Acidification

Ocean 

Mining

Overfishing

Extreme Wave 

&amp; Seismic Load

MID-OCEAN

COLD &amp; HARSH WATER

DEEPWATER

Our innovative product solutions are designed to operate safely and reliably in the world’s oceans.

Engineering design, manufacturing, 

installation and commissioning of offshore 

platforms and stations for offshore wind 

applications.

Provide proprietary cylindrical hull design 

which serves as a safe and stable platform 

operating in cold and harsh ocean 

environments.

Design and build zero-emission, 

zero-discharge battery-powered Ropax 

ferries to protect ocean health.

Design and construct ships and offshore 

assets for safe operations in deepwater 

environments.

We actively research 

and develop carbon 

capture and storage 

solutions. 

We also explore 

nature-based solutions 

to absorb CO2 and 

reduce acidity in the 

ocean.

We develop solutions 

that promote 

sustainable and 

responsible use of 

resources in the 

ocean.

We create and design 

floating structures for 

offshore aquaculture 

to meet the growing 

demand for seafood 

and help prevent 

depletion of wild fish 

stocks.

We adopt the industry’s 

best practices and 

standard for designs 

of solutions that are 

deployed near high 

seismic and tsunami 

prone areas. 

These solutions are 

designed to withstand 

extreme and abnormal 

load events and are also 

equipped with wave 

monitoring systems. 









Sofia Offshore Wind Farm

Wisting Field Development

Battery-powered Ropax Ferry

Energean Power FPSO for Karish Field Development


SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

32

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

33

At Sembcorp Marine, we are proactively 

managing the risks and opportunities 

brought about by climate change. 

The Group recognises the significance of 

climate-related risks arising from factors 

such as policy and regulation, technology, 

stakeholders’ expectations and extreme 

weather. 

Climate-related risks and opportunities are 

integrated into Sembcorp Marine’s business 

strategy and environmental sustainability 

framework. 

Sembcorp Marine is committed to 

managing and mitigating our environmental 

impact across our value chain. 

With our Group’s environmental policy, 

ISO 14001 Environmental Management 

System and Integrated Environmental 

Framework, we go beyond compliance with 

applicable laws, regulations and standards 

as we proactively manage our consumption 

of energy and GHG emissions from our 

operations to meet our emission reduction 

goal by 2030. 

Our Climate Action and Commitment



2011

2018

2019

Started tracking 

our Scope 1 and 2 

GHG emissions

Established Our Environmental 

Sustainability framework based 

on Climate, Ocean and Earth

Joined Singapore Climate Action 

Pledge

Engaged Carbon Care Asia to 

evaluate the carbon savings of 

our sustainable solutions

Operationalised the 

4.5 MWp solar panel installed in 

Tuas Boulevard Yard

ADDRESSING ENVIRONMENTAL CHALLENGES

2030

2020

2021 - 2030

Supported and adopted the Task Force on Climate-

related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)

Published our Climate Programmes

Our President &amp; CEO was appointed as Co-chair 

of the International Advisory Panel on Maritime 

Decarbonisation (IAP)7

The IAP’s recommendations on maritime decarbonisation 

to the Singapore Government identified nine pathways 

to maritime decarbonisation, including policy options 

to accelerate the transition and ways in which Maritime 

Singapore can support the industry’s decarbonisation 

Sembcorp Marine is committed to aligning our climate 

policies and strategy with IAP recommendations. Through 

this membership, Sembcorp Marine advocates for a robust 

and efficient roadmap for maritime decarbonisation 

We continue to make steady progress towards our target 

of reducing our total Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions from 

2008 levels by 40% by 2030

(7) Established by the Singapore Maritime Foundation and supported by the Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore, IAP champions decarbonisation 

    efforts in the maritime industry. The panel explore decarbonisation strategies, policies and actions to be taken by the local maritime sector in 

    Singapore, in line with the International Maritime Organization’s (IMO) 2050 target to reduce total annual GHG emissions from international shipping 

    by at least 50 per cent.

Reduce our emissions by 40%

The Group supports and aligns our disclosures with those recommended by the TCFD. In this report, 

we voluntarily publish our enhanced climate-related financial disclosures in the four key areas as 

recommended by the TCFD. 

For more details on how we align our disclosures with TCFD, please refer to our website at 

https://www.sembmarine.com/sustainability/environment.

Sembcorp Marine’s Board of Directors and Senior 

Management Committee (SMC) oversee climate-

related risks and opportunities through the Company’s 

annual strategic plan exercise. To guide the Group’s 

strategic direction, the Board and SMC meet twice a 

year to review key business plans while considering 

climate-related issues. The SMC then reports to our 

Board Executive Committee who will review and 

provide guidance.

Led by the President &amp; CEO, the Sustainability Council 

comprises senior management from various business 

units and functions including Risk Management, 

HR, Finance, Operations, Supply Chain, R&amp;D, and 

Investors Relations and Corporate Communications. As 

champions of the EESG working groups, the Council 

members contribute their expertises to address specific 

sustainability challenges. 

The Council oversees our corporate sustainability 

strategies, policies, performance and mitigation actions 

and report to the SMC twice a year on sustainability 

issues including climate-related matters. 

Climate-related risks and opportunities are identified 

and integrated into Sembcorp Marine’s environmental 

sustainability framework and business strategy through 

annual strategic planning by the corporate strategy 

team, and the environmental sustainability workgroup. 

Climate-related risks and opportunities are evaluated 

based on near- (2021-2025), medium- (2025-2030) 

and long-term (2030-2050) trends. Our key climate 

risks include the pace of global energy transition and 

changes in regulation, extreme weather events, and 

technology and stakeholder expectations.

Identifying climate-related risks and opportunities help 

to inform our long-term business strategy and financial 

planning. We have implemented three key strategies 

to maximise climate-related opportunities and stay 

competitive.

In the next two years, we plan to analyse global energy 

transition scenarios to evaluate the resilience of our 

business strategy against climate-related risks and 

opportunities for different time horizons.

GOVERNANCE

STRATEGY

The Chief Risk Officer and Head of Production Control 

&amp; Development, being the respective chairpersons 

of the Corporate Governance and Environmental 

Sustainability working groups, oversee the climate-

related risks matrix.

To advance our responses to energy transition risks, 

we:

• actively manage risks, explore opportunities and 

engage in R&amp;D, with strategic collaborations, to 

deepen our core engineering capabilities

• ensure that our sustainable solutions cause zero 

harm to people and the environment by complying 

with strict safety, quality and engineering regulations

To better manage climate risk, the Group will integrate 

climate factors into risk and credit frameworks by 

developing:

• methodologies for assessing and mitigating physical 

and transition risks of climate change

• corresponding metrics for tracking and disclosure

• capacity building and training of relevant staff

We use a set of metrics and targets to manage and 

monitor our exposure to climate-related risks and 

opportunities.

Our climate-related metrics include:

• Share of renewable energy in our energy mix

• Share of annual turnover generated from renewable 

and gas product solutions

• Total energy consumption within our operations

• Scope 1 and 2 (location-based) GHG emissions 

• Water usage in water-stressed areas

In 2021, we assessed our relevant Scope 3 emissions 

and will actively manage those emissions from 2022.

To align with the low-carbon transition, the Group has 

set internal and public targets including:

• low-carbon energy consumption

• halve Scope 1 and 2 emissions from 2008 levels by 

2030 

• generate at least 40% of our total revenue from gas 

and renewable energy solutions by 2030

RISK MANAGEMENT

METRICS &amp; TARGETS


SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

34

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

35





Our Carbon Footprint

At Sembcorp Marine, we understand the impact 

we can have on the GHG emissions in our value 

chain and have now included, as part of our data 

collection process, GHG emissions in both our 

upstream and downstream activities.

This initiative allows us to track and monitor our 

Scope 3 emissions as well as provide visibility on 

the environmental impact of our processes to 

effectively identify opportunities for emissions 

reduction.

With a global presence, Sembcorp Marine is 

committed to grow our business responsibly 

and sustainably. Our total energy consumption 

in FY2021 amounted to 1.451 million gigajoule 

(GJ), a 14.6% increase compared to our 

consumption in FY2020. This is primarily 

attributed to the inclusion of the energy 

consumption from one of our subsidiaries in 

Singapore. Our energy intensity for the same 

period was 0.018 GJ/man-hour.

The following are the scope of carbon emissions that are relevant to Sembcorp Marine, as defined by 

the GHG Protocol.

ADDRESSING ENVIRONMENTAL CHALLENGES

OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS

UPSTREAM

Purchase of equipment, bulk 

material and consumables for 

operations and projects.

Scope 1 Emissions

Our Scope 1 emissions ensue from business 

operations. These include the emissions produced 

by machinery and vehicles as well as the use of 

gases for cutting and welding steel plates to support 

production work.

Scope 2 Emissions 

Our Scope 2 emissions are purchased electricity obtained 

from our national grid. To reduce our reliance on the grid 

whilst capitalising on our yard infrastructure, we generate 

clean and renewable solar energy via our 8.5 MWp solar 

panel installations in our Tuas Boulevard Yard.

Our responsible procurement 

practices undertake a holistic 

approach which considers the 

cradle-to-gate emissions of 

capital goods.

We see value in encouraging the mindful use 

of resources through the institutionalisation 

of E4R programme aimed at eliminating, 

reducing, reusing, recycling and recovering 

waste to minimise our operational footprint.

Scope 3 Emissions 

Scope 3 Emissions 

Scope 3 Emissions 

Employees required to travel for business are 

motivated to reduce their carbon footprint 

by leveraging on alternative means such as 

videoconferencing and remote surveys.

A significant majority of our products are delivered 

from our production facility directly to our customers. 

Products which require transportation capitalise on 

the cost effective and environmentally friendliest 

option via semisubmersible heavy lift ships.

We provide a private transportation network across 

Singapore that is safe, reliable and environmentally 

friendly for our employees to commute to work.

Anchored on five key pillars of innovation, our range 

of sustainable solutions ensure minimum harm to the 

environment during operation.

Purchased Goods 

&amp; Services

Business 

Travel

Downstream Transportation 

&amp; Distribution

Employee 

Commuting

Use of Sold 

Products

Capital 

Goods

Waste Generated in 

Operations

DOWNSTREAM

0.0

0

2019

2019

2019

2019

2019

2020

2020

2020

2020

2020

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

0.6

60,000

0.2

20,000

0.8

80,000

0.4

40,000

0.419

39,886

0.729

82,748

0.312

27,297

0.523

59,299

0.558

46,956

Singapore

Singapore

Indonesia

Indonesia

Brazil

Brazil

0.569

64,522

0.018

0.019

0.021

0.107

9,705

0.042

8,982

0.290

22,840

0.051

10,802

0.185

14,414

0.057

12,268

0.034

2,986

0.069

5,606

0.005

508

0.070

5,687

0.005

541

0.056

4,591

1.0

100,000

(8) Our energy sources include electricity, diesel, LPG, CNG, acetylene and solar energy.

(9) Net calorific values (NCV) were sourced from WRI/WBCSD Greenhouse Gas Protocol Emission Factors for Cross Sector Tools (March 2017). NCV for 

   acetylene was referenced from S. McAllister et al. (2011) Fundamentals of Combustion Processes. Fuel consumption for Singapore for 2019 and 2020 

   have been restated due to revised energy consumption conversion methodologies.

(10) Operational control approach is used to identify the GHG emissions. The boundaries of our reported emissions currently comprise our shipyards 

     operating in Brazil, Indonesia and Singapore, excluding joint ventures.

(11) Emission factors (EF) were sourced from WRI/WBCSD Greenhouse Gas Protocol Emission Factors for Cross Sector Tools (March 2017). Only CO2, 

     CH4 and N2O emissions are included in the calculation of direct GHG emissions. Global Warming Potential (GWP) factors used are from the 2014 

     IPCC Fifth Assessment Report. Emission data is derived from combustion of non-renewable fuels consumed in our yards and follows the requirement 

     of GHG Protocol. Fundamentals of Combustion Processes (2011). Scope 1 emissions for Singapore for 2019 and 2020 have been restated due to 

     revised conversion methodologies.

(12) Grid EF for Singapore was obtained from Energy Market Authority (EMA), grid EF for Brazil and Indonesia were obtained from Institute for Global 

     Environmental Strategies (IGES)(2021) – List of Grid Emission Factors version 10.10. Scope 2 emissions for Singapore for 2020 have been restated 

     based on latest Grid EF obtained from Energy Market Authority (EMA). Scope 2 emissions for Indonesia and Brazil for 2019, 2020 and 2021 have 

     been restated based on latest EF obtained from IGES. Only CO2 emissions are included in the calculation of indirect GHG emissions. Emissions data 

     is derived from purchased electricity consumed in our yards and is aligned with the requirement of GHG Protocol.

ENERGY CONSUMED8 (million GJ) 

GHG EMISSIONS10 (tCO2e) 

&gt;2,300 

(tCO2e) 

Non Renewable

Renewable

Fuel Consumption9

Scope 111

Electricity Consumption

Scope 212

Solar Power 

Consumption

(total: 1.43 million GJ)

Solar panels installed 

at Tuas Boulevard Yard 

generated 5,725 MWh of 

electricity, equivalent to: 

Avoiding emissions of 

approximately


SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

36

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

37

ADDRESSING ENVIRONMENTAL CHALLENGES

At Sembcorp Marine, we adopt 

sustainable practices and environment-

friendly operational processes across 

every stage of our project life-cycles 

to optimise the use of resources and 

minimise waste.

The key materials that we use in the 

production of our sustainable solutions 

include steel plates, pipes, blasting 

consumables, production consumables. 

In FY2021, the total amount of steel, 

copper grits, steel grits, steel shots 

and welding consumables used by 

the Group amounted to 56,861 metric 

tonnes (MT) compared to 229,110 

metric tonnes in FY2020 and the total 

amount of paint and thinner used was 

1,060,832 litres compared to 938,905 

litres in FY2020. 

Protecting Our Earth



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































UPSTREAM IN

VALUE CHAIN

DOWNSTREAM

IN VALUE CHAIN

OWN ACTIVITIES

Steel Plates

Steel Pipes

Steel Shot/Grit

Copper Grit

Welding Consumables

Paint

Thinner

Raw Material

Handling &amp; Supply

Hazardous Waste

(12,071 MT)

Non-Hazardous Waste

(34,404 MT)

Recyclable Waste

(75,544 MT)

Ships

Deployment

DOWNSTREAM 

WASTE

UPSTREAM 

WASTE





Refer to page 33 

of our SR2019 

on our E4Rs 

programme

Waste management at Sembcorp Marine is 

centred on our E4Rs programme where the Group 

ensures waste is Eliminated, Reduced, Reused, 

Recycled and Recovered. 

Our waste management policies and procedures 

are reviewed regularly to ensure that waste 

generated is handled, segregated and 

disposed of in compliance with applicable local 

environmental laws and regulations. The waste 

generated by our yards are collected by licensed 

waste management vendors for treatment and 

disposal or recycling.

We conduct audits on the waste vendors to 

ensure that the waste to be disposed is handled 

in the required manner and that they have the 

necessary authorisation to handle waste. 

To monitor and track our general and hazardous 

waste at each site, we use weigh bridges and 

this is further supplemented by waste manifests 

provided by waste management vendors. In 

FY2021, the Group generated a total of 111,184 

tonnes of waste of which 75,544 tonnes of waste 

was recycled. 

As part of Sembcorp Marine’s effort to conserve 

water, we have installed water-saving devices in 

the yards and also conducted regular monitoring 

and leak checks in our yards’ water pipe 

network. Recycled water is used where possible. 

Water discharged from our yards is treated in 

accordance with the environmental discharge 

limits and effluent standards in the countries 

of operation. Awareness campaigns on water 

conservation are done Group-wide to promote 

responsible water consumption. 

Water withdrawal in our business operations 

includes municipal water and recycled water 

(NEWater – used in Singapore yards). In FY2021, 

a total of 1.811 million m3 of water was consumed, 

a 17.6% decrease from 2.198 million m3 used in 

FY2020.

(13) Recycled water (NEWater) is used only in Singapore.

(14) Ground water and surface water are used only in Indonesia.

(15) The water stress index was obtained from the World Resources Institute ‘Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas’. Singapore and Indonesia are considered to be 

    areas of low water stress while Brazil is considered a medium-high water stress area.

0

2019

2019

2019

2020

2020

2020

2021

2021

2021

30

80

10

40

20

40

100

20

60

32

82

33

72

21.6

21

9

8.9

68.3

Singapore

Singapore

Indonesia

Indonesia

Brazil

Brazil

2

1

1

9

1.8

2

3

3

6

2

1

0.2

2

0.2

1

0.5

0.1

1.2

WASTE BY TYPE (‘000 tonnes)

Waste Generated

Waste Diverted from Disposal

Non-Hazardous Waste

Hazardous Waste

Offsite Recycling

2019

2019

2019

2019

2020

2020

2020

2020

2021

2021

2021

2021

1.2

0.6

0.3

1.5

0.9

0.962

0.941

1.037

1.131

1.107

0.591

0.005

0.000

0.000

0.000

0.002

0.017

0.112

0.143

0.157

0.012

0.005

0.008

WATER WITHDRAWAL BY SOURCE (mil m3)

Third-party water

(freshwater)

Water Withdrawal from 

Areas with Water Stress15 

Ground water

(freshwater)14

Surface water

(freshwater)14

Recycled water13

0


SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

38

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

39



NURTURING 

OUR 

HUMAN 

CAPITAL

ENABLING A RESILIENT 

AND COMPETITIVE 

WORKFORCE AND BUILDING 

CAPABILITIES TO STEER OUR 

TRANSFORMATION AND 

SUSTAINABLE GROWTH







Empowering our workforce with 

future-ready competencies and 

expertise to meet the evolving 

needs of the industry

As part of our commitment toward 

human capital investment, we equip our 

people with leading-edge capabilities in 

emerging green technologies, advanced 

manufacturing and digitalisation to 

enhance our competitiveness.

Mr Muhammad Mustaqiim Bin 

Ayub (left), a technician at the 

Structural Fabrication department, 

was a graduate from the Work 

Study Diploma (WSD) in Marine 

Offshore Engineering Programme. 

He operates and controls the 

automated robotic welding system 

to weld complex offshore structures 

remotely under the guidance of his 

mentor, Mr Muhammad Faqih Bin 

Mohamed Rais (right).


SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

40

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

41

NURTURING OUR HUMAN CAPITAL

People are at the core of our business. We value our employees and embrace the diversity and 

expertises they bring to the Group. We are committed to the growth, well-being and safety of our 

employees and provide a conducive work environment that nurtures their full potential. We respect 

human rights across our operations and value chain. Our human rights practices are aligned to various 

national and international frameworks, including the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. 

Sembcorp Marine continues to champion fair employment and equal opportunities. We advocate a 

level playing field in recruitment, performance appraisal and training opportunities. Our practices are 

recognised on a global level as we strive to constantly improve and align to international standards. 

OUR WORK IN 2021

OUR GLOBAL WORKFORCE

Fair Employment &amp; 

Equal Opportunities

Employee 

Engagement &amp; 

Well-being

Human Rights 

Principles &amp; 

Practices

• Introduced skill-based 

wage model for foreign 

tradesmen, aimed at 

promoting skill-based 

and productivity-based 

remunerations in our 

Singapore yards

• Our Aracruz Yard has 

launched a tribute for 

employees who have attained 

10 years of service and set 

up a recreation area with 

amenities such as pool tables 

and board games 

• Our Singapore yards have 

conducted a series of 

retirement talks on retirement 

income, managing CPF 

money and estate planning

• In Singapore, we have 

organised a series of welfare 

programmes that include 

excursions for migrant 

workers and distribution of 

welfare packs to dormitory 

residents

• Conducted an engagement 

survey in Singapore to 

address the current and 

future needs of employees

• Successfully rolled out a 

work plan to align our HR 

policies with internationally 

recognized labour and human 

rights practices 

• Adopted Employer Pays 

Principle (EPP) for hiring of 

sub-contractors’ workers 

Talent Planning &amp; 

Leadership Development

• Enrolled the first batch of 

senior executives for the 

Leadership and People 

Management Course in 

Singapore Management 

University

Workforce Capability &amp; 

Competency Development

• Attained 32.80 training hours per 

employee globally with a total of 

S$1.08 million training investment 

made

• Obtained ISO 29993: 2017 

Certification for Learning Service 

Provider by Socotec Certification 

Singapore Pte Ltd to conduct 

Shipyard Safety Instruction Course, 

Hot Work Trade and Painter Trade

• Curated a new technical course to 

develop newly hired staff under 

the SGUnited-e2i Marine Jobs 

&amp; Skills Discovery Programme in 

ship’s surface preparation for our 

Singapore yards

• Arranged our employees to 

attend a “Carbon Management 

Workshop: Increasing Profits While 

Lowering Emissions” organised 

by the Association of Singapore 

Marine Industries

• Introduced virtual classes on our 

Business Enhancement Through 

Our People (BE-TOP) programmes 

for management employees in our 

Singapore yards

• Successfully designed and 

developed in-house off-job 

training curriculums and rolled 

out the digital “On-Job Training” 

application for our Singapore yards

• Our subsidiary, JED Centre Sdn. 

Bhd., in Malaysia performed 

individual competency mapping to 

design and execute performance 

and competency improvement 

plans

• Successfully rolled out training 

for employees in our Batam Yard 

on offshore work standards and 

practices

Fair Employment &amp; Equal Opportunities

HIGHLIGHTS OF OUR WORKFORCE

(16) The numbers for 2019 and 2020 have been restated. The adjustment made is less than 1%.

(17) Rest of the world includes Norway, USA, Malaysia, Poland, France and United Kingdom. 

Total Number of Employees16

Total Number of Employees 

by Gender

Total Number of Employees 

by Region

Total Number of Employees 

by Age Group

Total Number of Employees 

by Employee Category

Total Number of Employees 

by Employment Contract

2019

2019

2019

2019

2019

2019

2020

2020

2020

2020

2020

2020

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

Female

Indonesia

Brazil

Rest of the World17

30-49

≥50

Non-Executive

Fixed Term 

Contract

Male

Singapore

&lt;30

Executive

Permanent

10,743

9,595

11,308

10%

1%

52%

14%

14%

3%

60%

54%

11%

1%

54%

15%

15%

3%

57%

50%

8%

1%

60%

14%

11%

2%

66%

63%

90%

82%

34%

40%

46%

89%

81%

31%

43%

50%

92%

86%

26%

34%

37%


SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

42

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

43

NURTURING OUR HUMAN CAPITAL

At Sembcorp Marine, we value the depth of knowledge and experience that people beyond the 

statutory retirement age can offer. In 2021, we offered 362 contracts to our employees past the 

statutory requirement age in Singapore. 

Operating in a traditionally male-dominated industry, we aim to close the gender gap with an 

increased representation of women in senior leadership roles.

As the COVID-19 situation transitions from pandemic to endemic, Sembcorp Marine has constantly 

sought to enhance our competitive advantage, while staying relevant. We nurture our employees to 

be well-equipped with 21st-century leadership skills to manoeuvre through the changing tides, while 

adding value to our stakeholders. 

Talent Planning &amp; Leadership Development

(18) New hires rate is computed based on number of new hires divided by yearly average headcount. The number for 2020 has been restated. The 

    adjustment made is less than 1%. 

(19) Employee turnover rate is computed based on number of attrition divided by yearly average headcount.

(20) Rest of the world includes Norway, USA, Malaysia, Poland, France and United Kingdom. 

(21) The figure includes employees who have left the company after the appraisal period. The Covid-19 pandemic and turnover before appraisal was 

     conducted accounts for a lower review count.

(22) Lower number of interns intake in 2021 is mainly due to COVID-19 restrictions.

NEW HIRES18

TURNOVER19

Total

Total

By Region

By Region

By Age Group

By Age Group

By Gender

By Gender

2019

2019

2019

2019

2019

2019

2019

2019

2020

2020

2020

2020

2020

2020

2020

2020

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

Indonesia

Indonesia

Brazil

Brazil

Rest of the World20

Rest of the World20

30-49

30-49

≥50

≥50

Female

Female

Singapore

Singapore

&lt;30

&lt;30

Male

Male

1,650

2,663

793

1,941

4,508

2,795

13

18

716

1,352

64

258

394

378

34

40

231

244

8

22

429

947

84

224

84

138

12

28

95

160

6

13

2,819

1,483

254

249

192

410

27

31

183

256

1,209

2,227

870

1,053

1,419

2,419

689

1,753

280

770

698

1,781

4,283

2,341

1,435

1,063

4,325

2,539

Contracts offered to people 

past the statutory requirement 

age in Singapore

No. of job fairs participated 

Employees seconded to 

our overseas subsidiaries

Females in Operations roles 

In Singapore executive 

workforce

No. of interns attached to 

our yards in Singapore22

Global workforce received 

performance appraisals and 

career development reviews21

Females in Commercial 

and Corporate Services in 

Singapore executive workforce

No. of scholarships offered to 

students from various institutes

2019

2019

2019

2019

2019

2019

2019

2019

2020

2020

2020

2020

2020

2020

2020

2020

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

346

38

43

15%

123

9,572

39%

16

291

6

49

14%

90

8,485

14%

30

6,451

40%

37

362

14

40

43%

34


SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

44

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

45

NURTURING OUR HUMAN CAPITAL

The Group is committed to nurture and invest in the development of our workforce to promote a 

culture of continuous learning and improvement. To enable our employees’ holistic development 

and support them to achieve their fullest potential, every job role in the organisation is mapped on 

to our four key learning thrusts:

The following are some of our in-house and on-the-job training programmes carried out in 2021.

RE-SKILLING AND UP-SKILLING OUR GLOBAL WORKFORCE

Workforce Capability &amp; 

Competency Development

Over the years, we continue to up-skill and re-skill our people to enhance our readiness in 

meeting new challenges and opportunities for the future economy. Since 2018, we have sponsored 

38 of our employees from production and engineering departments to attend a WSD in Marine 

Offshore Engineering Programme to undergo On-the-Job Training guided by mentors at their 

workplace and Off-the-Job Training lessons at the Institute of Technical Education. Upon graduation, 

the employees would be conferred a Diploma in Marine and Offshore Engineering, progress from 

Technician to Assistant Engineer and apply the skills and knowledge learned in their daily work.

Through the training 

under this thrust, 

employees will have an 

understanding of the 

needs for good WSH 

Excellence practices 

and possess the 

necessary knowledge 

and skills to achieve 

Total WSH Excellence. 

Qualified and certified 

competent employees 

are able to meet the 

prerequisite WSH 

qualifications as required 

by the local authorities 

and legislations, and 

Customer’s operating 

standards.

Employees undergo the 

training programmes 

under this thrust will 

understand the importance 

of innovativeness and 

the notion of embracing 

change and moving 

beyond the status 

quo and conventional 

thinking is key to business 

continuity. Our employees 

will be equipped with 

competencies to stay 

innovative and productive 

so that they are able to 

keep abreast of the latest 

technological inventions 

and applications. 

The training 

programmes enable 

our employees to 

possess the right 

personal growth 

mindset that enable 

them to continually 

upgrade and improve 

themselves. Employees 

are responsible for 

their own learning 

and should discuss 

with their supervisors 

to ensure effective 

contribution to the 

achievement of both 

business and career 

goals.

The training 

programmes 

aim to equip our 

employees with the 

necessary technical 

and functional 

competencies that 

enable them to be an 

expert in their own 

field and perform their 

jobs effectively and 

professionally. 

Total Workplace Safety &amp; 

Health (WSH) Excellence

Skills &amp; 

Competence

Innovation &amp; 

Productivity

Growth &amp; 

Development

Investment23 (mil)

Employee-training 

Hours (hrs)

Training Hours per 

Employee Globally (hrs)

2019

2019

2019

2020

2020

2020

2021

2021

2021

S$4.70

484,711

233,476

369,488

45

S$2.60

16.06

S$1.08

32.8

Average Training Hours 

by Employee Category

Average Training Hours 

by Gender

2019

2019

2020

2020

2021

2021

Non-Executive

Female

Executive

Male

63

31

19

18

46

20

17

46

10

16

7

34

(23) In 2021, trainings are conducted mainly in-house and on the job.













Performing High Speed Band Saw Cutting

Performing portable machine drilling and 

tapping

Performing basic outfitting activities 

measurements

Performing erection and dismantling of 

cargo hold (tower) scaffold

Performing maintenance for pump room

Performing overhead gantry Crane 

remote control operation


SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

46

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

47

Employee Engagement and Well-Being

The health, safety and welfare of our employees are key priorities especially during these challenging 

times. Cognisant that prolonged social isolation and restricted mobility due to the pandemic 

could impact the well-being of our migrant workforce, we organised and supported numerous 

engagement activities for our workers to promote mental wellness and social bonding. These 

activities included excursions, festive giveaways, and distribution of care packs and snacks, which 

were well-received by our migrant workforce. 

While the Company has introduced many initiatives, it also recognised distinct individual and 

cultural differences exist among its workforce of different ethnics and nationalities. During the year, 

additional resources have been assigned to augment its employees engagement programmes 

including culture-conscious initiatives to increase cross-cultural appreciation. The Company has also 

further updated its policy and programmes, as well as its Emergency Response Framework24 as a 

demonstration of its commitment to uphold the health, safety and wellness of its people.

NURTURING OUR HUMAN CAPITAL







Distribution of special meals to our migrant workers during festive celebrations

Distribution of festive treats to spread a little festive cheer 

among our migrant works who are away from home

Community visits to places of interest to promote mental 

wellness and social bonding among the migrant workforce



Upholding Human Rights

Sembcorp Marine is committed to the principle of 

human rights and fair labour practice, and is fully 

compliant with all laws, regulations, codes of practice, 

and regulatory requirements applicable in jurisdictions 

where we operate. We respect employees’ right to 

freedom of association and embrace fair employment, 

diversity and inclusivity at the workplace. In Singapore, 

our policies are aligned to tenets advocated by 

Singapore’s Tripartite Alliance for Fair and Progressive 

Employment Practices (TAFEP). We are an early 

adopter of the Singapore Tripartite Standards and 

a signatory of the TAFEP Employers’ Pledge of 

Fair Employment Practices. We also pledged our 

commitment to the Singapore Business Federation 

Sustainable Employment Practices.

















OUR HUMAN RIGHTS PRINCIPLES &amp; PRACTICES

INTERNATIONAL STANDARDS &amp; PRINCIPLES

SEMBCORP MARINE’S POLICIES

Human 

Resources 

Policy

Code of 

Business 

Conduct 

Supplier 

Code of 

Conduct 

Collective 

Bargaining 

Agreements

Labour Rights

Employee Rights

SEMBCORP MARINE’S COMMITMENT &amp; FOCUS

We provide our foreign workforce with comfortable dormitory lodgings within our yard premises. 

Besides saving time, energy and carbon footprint on commuting, this in-yard living arrangement 

allows workers ample time to rest after work, thus resulting in greater productivity and efficiency on 

the job.

Conducive Living Environment for our Migrant Workforce 

 

9 Better quality of life for greater work 

productivity

 

9 Comprehensive facilities and amenities

 

9 High food hygiene standards

 

9 Centralised functions to optimise water 

&amp; energy consumption efficiency and 

reduce wastage

Our Integrated Dormitory at 

Tuas Boulevard Yard

Promoting Quality Rest, Better Hygiene and Active Lifestyle

(24) For more details, please refer to our website at www.sembmarine.com/sustainability/our-covid-19-response 

Scan for more 

information on 

our human rights 

commitment



Cosy and comfortable multi-media room

Innovative centralised kitchen

In-house laundry services

Well-equipped gymnasium









In 2021, we participated in setting the UN Global Compact Sustainable 

Ocean Principles for Shipyards. These principles set the basis in promoting 

responsible industry and business practices internationally, supporting the 

Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact on human rights, 

labour environment and anti-corruption. Our Supplier Code of Conduct and 

Sustainability Report were further classified as examples of good practices.


SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

48

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

49



PROTECTING 

OUR PEOPLE

TAKING A COMPREHENSIVE 

APPROACH TO EMPLOYEE HEALTH 

AND WELL-BEING, WE AIM TO BUILD 

A CULTURE OF SAFETY IN WHICH ALL 

OUR EMPLOYEES CAN PROACTIVELY 

THINK AND ACT SAFELY







Strong Workplace Safety and Health 

performance through our superior 

strategy for construction

In October 2021, Sembcorp Marine hoisted the 

Vito Floating Production Unit topside – weighing 

8,640 tonnes – onto its hull in a single lift with our 

state-of-the-art 2x15,000-tonnes gantry cranes. 

These game-changing cranes enable the Group 

to execute larger, heavier and more complex 

projects while minimising work-at-height risks 

and achieving significant reduction in man-hours 

required for the work.


SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

50

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

51

PROTECTING OUR PEOPLE





• Reduce risks at source;

• Place WSH duty on all stakeholders in their 

respective functional areas; and

• Prevent accidents through positive reinforcement.

OUR HSE VISION

ZERO Harm to People, Property &amp; Environment

STRATEGIC OUTCOMES

WSH 2028 STRATEGIES THRUSTS

OUR WORK IN 2021

THRUST 1

THRUST 2

THRUST 3







Create and foster a workplace 

with positive WSH practices, 

strong leadership, and a culture 

of Prevention, Trust and Care

Reduce workplace injury rate and 

achieve Vision Zero

Strengthen prevention of 

occupational diseases, advocate 

the importance of good industrial 

hygiene and step up efforts on 

workers’ inherent health conditions

Eliminate hazards that lead to 

occupational disease and promote 

good workforce health

Embrace and adopt technological 

developments in our daily 

operations to continuously 

improve WSH performance

Integrate WSH into digitalisation 

and technology ecosystems

1. Conducted a Virtual HSE Carnival 

2021 with the theme, “Care Time 

– Take Time to Take Care of Your 

Safety and Health”

2. Organised Contractor Townhall 

Webinar 2021 

3. Initiated the Review, Educate 

and Validate (REV) risk mitigation 

programme

4. Introduced Hazard Identification 

Tool (HIT) to identify and eliminate 

the hazards and unsafe acts

5. Our yards in Singapore received 24 

awards at the WSH Award 2021

6. Our Batam Yard was awarded the 

Occupational Safety and Health 

Award (Platinum) 2021

1. Continued to focus on 

COVID-19 Pandemic Prevention 

efforts implementation

2. Achieved &gt;95% employees 

vaccination rate for COVID-19

3. Organised Psychiatric First Aid 

Training to focus on employees’ 

mental health and physical 

wellness

4. Collaborated with NEA to 

eliminate mosquito breeding 

zones

1. Developed an online platform 

to register and monitor 

employees’ COVID-19 status 

2. Organised WSH Innovation 

Carnival virtually to improve 

safety and health standards 

in workplaces with innovative 

solutions

3. Leveraging on 

telecommunication platforms 

to maintain internal and 

external communications and 

outreach during pandemic 

outbreak

4. Developed an e-learning 

platform for employees to 

enhance WSH knowledge

Work accidents and occupational diseases are 

avoidable. With a strong culture of prevention, 

we strive to eliminate hazards and risks that may 

cause work-related accidents and occupational 

diseases. 

Our Workplace Safety and Health (WSH) 2028 

Vision Zero incidence goal is an important 

foundation of the Group’s work ethos. Executed 

via a robust Health, Safety and Environment 

(HSE) integrated management system, we aim 

to eliminate harm to people, property and the 

environment through three key HSE strategic 

thrusts – Deepen WSH Ownership, Focus on 

Workplace Health and WSH Advancement 

with Technology – that guide planning and 

implementation of key safety initiatives across 

the Group.

PRINCIPLES OF OUR VISION ZERO COMMITMENT25

(25) Aligned with the recommendations of WSH 2028 by WSH Council, Singapore.

SINGAPORE AND OVERSEAS26,27

SINGAPORE

LOST TIME INJURY RATE 

PER MILLION MAN-HOURS 

WORKED28 (LTIR)

ACCIDENT FREQUENCY RATE 

PER MILLION MAN-HOURS 

WORKED (AFR)

TOTAL RECORDABLE 

INCIDENT RATE PER MILLION 

MAN-HOURS WORKED28 (TRIR)

ACCIDENT SEVERITY RATE 

PER MILLION MAN-HOURS 

WORKED (ASR) 

FATAL ACCIDENT RATE 

PER 100 MILLION MAN-HOURS 

WORKED28 (FAR) 

WORKPLACE INJURY RATE 

PER 100,000 EMPLOYED 

PERSONS (WIR)

2019

2019

2019

2019

2019

2019

2020

2020

2020

2020

2020

2020

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

0.77

0.56

1.52

89.79

23%

21%

16%

16%

12%

5%

5%

2%

2.04

147.12

0.65

0.64

1.30

155.12

1.66

0.00

110.31

0.53

0.53

1.15

8.39

148.36

We measure our health and safety performance using a 

combination of leading and lagging performance indicators. 

Hazard Identification Tool is used to help identify the associate 

hazards with the operations, and to highlight areas where we 

need to act upon issues or risks with the potential to result in 

an incident, injury or illness. 

Our primary lagging indicators for measuring health and 

safety performances are the Total Recordable Incident Rate 

(TRIR), Lost Time Injury Rate (LTIR) and Fatal Accident Rate 

(FAR). Our TRIR rate in FY2021 was 1.15, a slight improvement 

from 1.30 in 2020. The LTIR in FY2021 was 0.53, which is also 

an improvement from 0.65 in FY2020. 

Our yards in Singapore have also seen a large improvement 

in the ASR which has dropped to 8.39 compared to 155.12 in 

FY2020.

The Group's health and safety goal remains Zero Harm to 

People, Property and Environment, and our aim is to send 

everyone home healthy and safe every day. We will continue 

to strengthen our WSH 2028 Strategic Thrusts to focus on 

positive WSH culture, prevention of occupational diseases 

and adoption of technology to improve WSH performance.

(26) Health and safety statistics from overseas operations include facilities located in the UK, Brazil, Indonesia and Singapore.

(27) The tables in this section include performance data from our direct employees as well as our on-site contractors and their employees.

(28) Aligned with International Association of Oil &amp; Gas Producers Standards (IOGP).

TYPES OF 

WORK-RELATED 

INJURIES

Struck by Moving Objects

Caught In Between Objects

Struck by Falling Objects

Slip and Trip

Cut or Stabbed by Objects

Contact with Hot Substances

Struck Against Objects

Fall from Ladder/Staircase


SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

52

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

53

PROTECTING OUR PEOPLE

Deepen WSH Ownership

Good WSH performance requires greater 

ownership from all stakeholders, a holistic 

system with clear policies and procedures for 

implementing and building safety competencies, 

as well as a culture of Prevention, Trust and Care. 

Sembcorp Marine’s WSH framework is 

championed by the Sembcorp Marine Board 

and Management, employees, contractors 

and stakeholders. While the Board Risk and 

Enterprise Risk Committees steer the HSE policies 

and framework, the Group HSE Committee, 

together with various sub-committees at the 

yards, is responsible for developing the relevant 

procedures and controls and deploying the HSE 

strategies and work plans. 

In 2021, yard-level HSE committees 

comprised over 600 management and worker 

representatives. They collectively represent more 

than 33,000 Sembcorp Marine employees and 

contractors. These committees are responsible 

for engaging the workforce in HSE programmes.

We engage in regular dialogues and 

communicate safety practices and procedures 

with our stakeholders through Vessel Safety 

Coordination Committee meetings, monthly 

WSH Committee meetings, monthly WSH 

Sub-committee meetings and daily toolbox 

meetings. Weekly management inspections are 

also conducted together with our customers 

and managers to identify and monitor the safety 

condition of the workplaces. This collaborative 

engagement drives a positive safety culture and 

ownership among all our stakeholders that all 

of us play an important role to achieve a safety-

conscious environment.

Our yards in Singapore, Indonesia, and Brazil 

have successfully transitioned to the ISO 45001 

Occupational Health and Safety Management 

System certification in 2020. As part of a holistic 

approach to continual improvement, we keep 

engaging stakeholders regularly to identify areas 

for improvement as well as to prevent workplace 

incidents and ill-health. 

Our employees, contractors and project teams 

conduct regular safety audits, evaluations 

and risk assessments on evolving key risks 

under our Review, Educate and Validate (REV) 

risk mitigation programme. Our employees 

and contractors are also trained to use the 

company’s risk matrices which assess the level of 

severity and prescribe a hierarchy of controls and 

procedures to manage the situation. Key risks 

identified include fire and explosions, collapse 

of structures, work-at-height and electrical 

hazards. Our annual review of the Group’s 

incident and near-miss records against industry 

benchmarks helps us identify the most common 

occurrences. We also maintain statistics on the 

types of accidents and occupational diseases 

encountered in our facilities. For internal 

learning and prevention purposes, we regularly 

update our staff on lessons learnt and latest 

advisories from applicable sources. 

The Group continues to ensure employees, 

contractors and other personnel operating 

in our shipyards are equipped with the 

necessary HSE skills, knowledge, awareness 

and competency to perform their work safely. In 

2021, we invested 48.5% of total training hours 

on HSE, compared to 39.9% in 2020.





Hazard Identification Tool used by the Group to identify 

and eliminate hazards and unsafe acts as part of the Risk 

Assessment process

Virtual HSE Carnival 2021 organised at Admiralty Yard

WSH Innovation Award presented at the Association of Singapore Marine Industries

Spirometry Test 

conducted by Eupnoos

WSH Advancement with Technology

Innovation and safety are core values of 

Sembcorp Marine. Innovation enables the 

Group to augment its technological bench 

strength, boost its operational efficiency 

and more importantly to enhance workplace 

safety. 

Sembcorp Marine’s Admiralty Yard bagged 

the prestigious National WSH Innovation 

Award in 2021 for its Blower Test Box (right) 

which can be used to enclose the blower (a 

component of a vessel’s main engine) for 

testing before installation. This enclosure 

reduces the number of people involved in the 

testing process. Exposure to noise is reduced 

by up to 30% and the risk of being hit by flying 

objects is also eliminated. The enclosure 

also reduces the risk of ergonomic injuries 

as workers are not required to work in an 

awkward posture during the testing process.

From 17 to 22 November 2021, the Group’s 

HSE Department and personnel from Eupnoos 

conducted spirometry sessions at our Tuas 

Boulevard Yard to collect data for an innovative 

smartphone application being developed 

in collaboration with Eupnoos, Singapore’s 

Workplace Safety and Health Institute and the 

Association of Singapore Marine Industries. 

This application analyses data and evaluates 

one’s lung health through the use of Artificial 

Intelligence (AI) and machine learning.

By comparing the data with breath and voice 

recordings submitted from the closed beta 

version of the application, Eupnoos is able 

“With the 

innovative Blower 

Test Box, our 

colleagues in 

the workshop 

can work in a 

more efficient 

and safe manner, 

with the noise 

level drastically 

reduced, and 

safety hazards 

eliminated.” 

to calibrate and adjust the AI capabilities 

accordingly to fine tune the accuracy of the 

readings, providing effective results that would 

advise the user if their lung health is improving, 

deteriorating or at status quo. If realised, 

this app would empower the workforce, and 

anyone with a smartphone, to take charge of 

their health and to make choices to improve 

the quality of their life and work.

A total of 119 participants from various 

production departments provided physical 

spirometry data throughout the one week of 

sessions. 



– Mr Perumal Suresh, Project Manager 

  leading the Blower Test Box project.








SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

54

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

55

Focus on Workplace Health

PROTECTING OUR PEOPLE

The Group is committed to building a healthy 

workforce in a safe workplace. We continue to 

strengthen our efforts in preventing workplace 

injuries and occupational diseases as well 

as our services in promoting the health and 

mental well-being of our employees. Our 

WSH activities and services provided for our 

employees and workers are integrated under a 

holistic Total WSH Service Centre framework. 

In 2021, we collaborated with NEA to plan and 

implement a mosquito control programme 

that prevents and eliminates mosquito 

breeding zones within our yard. With the 

active participation of relevant stakeholders, 

we managed to identify and eliminate all 

the potential mosquito breeding zones and 

reduced the dengue cases reported in 2021.

In support of mental health and wellness, a total of 20 

participants from Sembcorp Marine and our customer, 

Equinor, attended a Psychiatric First Aid Training in August 

2021. The training was conducted by a Health Promotion 

Board accredited counsellor to equip these managers 

and trade leads with the skill in recognising signs and 

symptoms of workers’ mental health condition. This will 

enable them to assist their co-workers to mediate and 

reach out for professional support. 

SCM TOTAL WORKPLACE 

SAFETY &amp; HEALTH 

SERVICE CENTRE

Safety &amp; 

Occupational Health

Physical Health

Infectious Disease

Mental Health

Detection &amp; Control

Education

• Work-site assessment visit

• Risk assessment review

• Statutory medical examination

• Fitness-to-Work assessment

• Management and monitoring of 

occupational and work-related issues 

such as hearing loss and respiratory 

complications

• Fumigation and vectors elimination 

programme to eliminate potential 

breeding grounds of vector-borne 

diseases such as dengue 

• Pre-employment examination

• Health screening

• Management of common ailments (e.g. 

diabetes, hypertension, hyperlipidemia) 

through medication

• Counselling support

• Encouragement to be vaccinated

• Infectious disease safe management 

measures

• Formation of Mosquito Prevention Task 

Force Team to eliminate the potential 

larvae breeding ground

• Counselling support 

• iWorkHealth assessment

• Referral to psychologist/psychiatrist for 

consultation

• Employee Assistance Programme

• Up-skilling WSH Professionals and supervisors so they are 

empowered to identify, supervise and check individuals 

with health conditions that affect their work on-site

• Equip our employees and contractors with first aid 

knowledge and skills for rendering first-response medical 

assistance. Occupational first-aid training, including 

the use of automated external defibrillators and 

cardiopulmonary resuscitation is held regularly

• Conduct education talks (e.g. slips, trips and falls, work at 

heights, safe use of machineries, ergonomics, handling 

hazardous substances, etc)

• Customised safety coaching sessions

• Organised Hearing Conservation Programme to educate 

the workforce on noise hazards

• Conduct education talks and workshops (e.g. diet &amp; 

nutrition, exercise, diseases, etc)

• Health coaching activities

• Virtual Zumba sessions led by dance fitness instructors

• Conduct education talks (e.g. hygiene, infectious 

disease control)

• Training and education of Safe Management 

Officers, Safe Distancing Officers and Safe Distancing 

Ambassadors

• Conduct education talks and workshops (e.g. 

resilience, mindfulness, recognising signs of distress)

• Organise Psychiatric First Aid Training for the 

managers and supervisors




SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

56

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

57



CARING FOR OUR 

COMMUNITIES

ADVANCING SOCIAL CAUSES, CARING FOR 

OUR COMMUNITIES AND ESTABLISHING 

PARTNERSHIPS TO CREATE LONG-TERM 

SUSTAINABLE VALUE













Sembcorp Marine partners its 

customers and stakeholders to 

advance sustainability and care for 

our communities

Sembcorp Marine’s Green Wave Environmental 

Competition has received support from two 

of our Alliance Partners, Shell International 

Eastern Trading Company and BP Shipping, 

since 2003.

Currently, the Group is also working with Shell 

and Penguin International to jointly develop 

hydrogen as a marine fuel, potentially paving 

the way for emission-free shipping in the future.



2018



2019



2011



2014



2010



2004



2012



2013



2018



2015

18 YEARS O

F GREEN C

OMMUN

ITY O

UTRE

AC

H

PROGRAMM

E AND STI

LL GOIN

G STR

ONG

!


SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

58

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

59

CARING FOR OUR COMMUNITIES

Sembcorp Marine believes in caring for 

and contributing positively to the local 

communities where it operates. We embrace 

our role as an active corporate citizen and 

a caring organisation by championing a 

wide range of community improvement and 

industry development initiatives to make a 

positive difference to society. Our employees 

participate in various community projects and 

volunteer activities to reach out and show our 

care to those in need within the community. 

The Group’s community engagement strategy 

is aligned with the UN SDGs and ISO 26000 

Guidance on Social Responsibility. A part 

of our community engagement framework 

includes regular reviews to ensure the 

effectiveness of the Group’s community and 

industry development programmes. 

Our community engagement strategy covers 

five focus areas of Social Growth. These 

include Youth and Education; Environmental Care; Community Care; Active Lifestyle and Industry 

Outreach. Relevant local community engagement activities were conducted by our operating units in 

Singapore, Brazil and Indonesia, covering 100% of Sembcorp Marine's operations within the scope of 

this report. 















S

O

C

I

A

L

 

G

R

O

W

T

H

Youth and 

Education

Industry 

Outreach

Active 

Lifestyle

Community 

Care

Environmental 

Care

Support strategies and efforts to provide 

youth and adults with equal access to 

education and learning opportunities

Foster community spirit and provide support 

to the less privileged

Encourage and promote effective public, 

public-private and civil society partnerships

Promote an active, vibrant and healthy 

community

YOUTH &amp; EDUCATION

COMMUNITY CARE

INDUSTRY OUTREACH

ACTIVE LIFESTYLE

ENVIRONMENTAL CARE

Promote sustainable use of natural 

resources and protection of our ecosystems

(29) Sembcorp Marine committed an upfront sum of S$2,892,694 in EJA’s Sewage Treatment System Programme and will annually disclose the community 

     investment pertaining to this programme annually over 10 years from FY2020 (S$289,269.40 per year). 

OUR WORK IN 2021

in community programmes globally29

hours in community and environmental 

programmes

                                 raised through 

our employees for the Community 

Chest Share Programme

                       youths and students 

benefited from our support for 

educational programmes

Invested more than

Dedicated more than

S$3 million

3,000

S$30,000

1,163

GREEN WAVE ENVIRONMENTAL 

CARE COMPETITION

ENVIRONMENTAL CONSERVATION

BIODIVERSITY AWARENESS 

Sembcorp Marine launched the annual 

Green Wave Environmental Care 

Competition in 2003 to promote a green 

culture and sustainability mindset among 

the young generation. This competition 

provides students with a platform to 

showcase their creativity in developing 

practical solutions for environmental 

improvement. 

With safe management measures in place 

and support from its industry partners, 

Sembcorp Marine continues to raise 

awareness and interest among students 

on environmental sustainability through 

its Green Wave Environmental Care 

Competition. In 2021, the competition 

attracted 234 project entries from 843 

local and regional students.

Our Acracruz 

Yard invested 

more than 

S$350,000 on 

environmental 

conservation 

programmes 

in 2021. These 

include the construction of a sewage treatment 

system in Barra do Sahy, participation in the 

hydrographic basin plan for the Central-North 

Coast Region of Espírito Santo, 2nd Public Notice 

of the Network for Cooperation in Studies, 

Research and Extension on Coastal and Marine 

Environments in Espírito Santo. 

Our employees volunteered to clean up the 

beaches of Barra do Sahy, in celebration of the 

“World Day for Cleaning Beaches and Rivers”. 

The event was organised by the Neighborhood 

Association of Santa Marta.

Our Aracruz Yard in Brazil raised awareness on 

the importance of bees in nature by contributing 

to an apiary for queen bee production and 

offering workshops on rearing queen bees and 

increasing production of hives. These initiatives 

were done through the Apiary Queen School, 

in collaboration with FUNDAMEL-Beekeepers 

Association of Fundão. 

We have been supporting these long-running 

biodiversity programmes since 2018.





“Driven by our passion to contribute 

something meaningful and yet long 

lasting to our community, we launched 

the GreenWave Environmental Outreach 

Programme, for all Singapore schools, 

technical institutes and universities in 

2003. 

When the younger generations showed 

their great enthusiasm and passion in 

developing and showcasing their ideas 

and initiatives for the preservation 

and enhancement of our environment 

in the 18 years that we have run this 

outreach programme, we know that we 

are contributing to a more sustainable 

future.”

- Ms Wong Lee Lin, Chairman of 

  Sembcorp Marine Green Wave 

  Environmental Projects &amp; Member of 

  Sembcorp Marine Sustainability Council. 


SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

60

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

61

CARING FOR OUR COMMUNITIES

COASTAL AREA CLEANUP

SCHOOLBAG 

PROGRAMME

INDUSTRY SHARING 

PROGRAMME

In 2021, 50 employees from our Karimun 

Yard volunteered to clean up the coast of 

Pantai Ketam Pongkar in Indonesia.



Sembcorp Marine’s long-standing School 

Book Assistance Grant (SchoolBAG) 

marks its 21-year run in 2021. 

Being one of our anchor community 

engagement programmes, the 

SchoolBAG programme has come a 

long way to help nurture and develop 

Singapore’s children and youth. 

In 2021, we contributed a total of 

S$177,250 in SchoolBAG bursaries 

to 878 local students. Since the Group 

started supporting this programme 

in 2001, more than 23,700 students 

have benefited from the S$4.75 million 

SchoolBAG bursaries disbursed.

Our Karimun Yard in Batam conducted 

an annual industry sharing session for 45 

vocational high school students to provide 

insights into the marine industry. Our 

employees in Karimun also volunteered their 

time in the distribution of school bags to 200 

children in a local orphanage.





KNOWLEDGE SHARING

In January 2021, Sembcorp Marine welcomed 

a group of MIT Sloan School of Management 

students, to work on an innovative carbon pass-

through analysis as part of an overall strategy for 

sustainable business operations. Three highly 

talented students, together with Sembcorp 

Marine staff, engaged in several rounds of 

interactive discussions to propose solutions 

to enable traceability, accountability as well as 

validation of carbon emissions associated with 

our upstream business operations. 

This engagement culminated in a poster 

presentation in which a credible carbon-pass 

through model was proposed. Attended by 

Sembcorp Marine employees and distinguished 

guests from the university, the model has since 

undergone several rounds of iteration to be 

fine-tuned for our specific business needs.

SUPPORTING OUR COMMUNITIES DURING THE PANDEMIC

INDUSTRY OUTREACH

• In September 2021, more than 70 Sembcorp Marine 

employees volunteered in the Nationwide Mask Distribution 

event organised by Temasek Foundation to manage the 

distribution of masks and attend to public enquiries. 

• The Group contributed more than S$30,000 to the 

communities for COVID-19 related support. This includes a 

sponsorship of more than S$10,000 of materials and medicine 

to the Espírito Santo State Health Department in support of 

the fight against COVID-19 in the municipality of Aracruz, 

and a donation of 100 beds to COVID-19 quarantine centres 

in Indonesia to improve the living environment for patients’ 

comfort and well-being. 

• Sembcorp Marine was a key sponsor of the “Marine Migrant 

Workers Mental Health Challenge”, organised by the Association of Singapore Marine 

Industries in December 2021, to raise awareness on caring for the mental health and well-

being of migrant workers. The Group, together with other supporting companies, raised funds 

for 5,000 care packs – which contained essential items such as surgical masks, hand sanitisers, 

dental kits, shower essentials, and snacks – for distribution to migrant workers in the marine 

industry in Singapore.

Serving Industry and Public

To promote and support the advancement and sustainability development of the offshore, marine 

and energy industries, Sembcorp Marine’s senior management staff volunteered to provide their 

expertises through various industry associations and public councils where they hold appointments. 

The Group also participated in pertinent external programmes and formed collaborations with 

industry partners to create long-term sustainable value.

Our Key Partners







Scan for more information 

on the list of memberships 

and associations




























OPERATING A 

RESPONSIBLE 

BUSINESS

Enabling sustainable business growth 

through a robust governance structure 

for continued competitiveness

A strong and effective sustainability governance 

structure is essential for Sembcorp Marine to 

achieve strategic business growth and create 

long-term value for the future. This has also 

enabled the Group to build on its integrated 

offshore and marine engineering capabilities 

to move up the value chain and expand its 

portfolio of sustainable solutions. 

CREATING LONG-TERM VALUE 

FOR OUR STAKEHOLDERS 

THROUGH RESPONSIBLE, 

RESILIENT AND SUSTAINABLE 

BUSINESS OPERATIONS 







1

2

3

Sustainable solutions include projects with reduced environmental impact 

such as gas, clean energy and renewable projects. 

Images are some of Sembcorp Marine’s sustainable solutions 

(from top to bottom):

1  HVDC Converter Substation for the Sofia Offshore Wind Farm

2  Reactive Compensation Station for the Hornsea 2 Offshore Wind Farm

3  Offshore Substation for the Hornsea 2 Offshore Wind Farm

4  LNG-battery Hybrid Tug

5  Energean Power FPSO

6  Karmol LNGT Powership Africa FSRU

7  12,000m3 LNG Bunker Vessel

8  Zero-emission battery-powered Ropax ferry

4

5

6

7

8


SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

64

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

65



Sustainability Governance

Board Statement on Sustainability Report

OPERATING A RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS

The Board of Directors of Sembcorp Marine Ltd (the Board) is committed to sustainability and 

continuous Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) improvements.

The Board believes in establishing a sustainable future for our businesses and creating long-term value 

for stakeholders. A sound management of ESG risks and opportunities is key to ensuring the long-term 

growth and viability of our business as well as addressing the long-term impact on the environment 

and society. With this view, the Board takes a comprehensive approach and considers all relevant 

sustainability issues, including climate-related concerns, as part of the Group’s sustainability strategy 

formulation, which are then integrated into its operations and business. Reflecting the importance of 

ESG in our business, sustainability is also anchored in our core values and corporate culture. 

The Board oversees the Group’s sustainability agenda and provides strategic direction to the Group’s 

Sustainability Council (SC) and core sustainability working groups. We have set a clear ambition for 

Sembcorp Marine’s sustainable growth with our Sustainability Vision 2030 strategic roadmap. Please 

refer to page 3 for our Sustainability Vision 2030. 

The Board has established robust sustainability governance structure and framework which are set out 

on pages 4, 65 and 66.

The Board is supported by the SC in its oversight of the Group’s sustainability governance. The SC 

assists the Board in determining the ESG factors, and overseeing the management and monitoring of 

the material ESG factors, in which seven material issues are determined and adopted under the four key 

sustainability dimensions, comprising Business Growth, Environmental Sustainability, Social Growth and 

Corporate Governance. We report our progress against sustainability targets on our key material topics, 

which can be found on pages 6 and 7. Our material topics, which were determined by the Board and 

the SC through our materiality review and sustainability workshop in 2017, are reviewed annually. The SC 

also assists the Board in implementing sustainability initiatives. Since 2015, the Group has strategically 

aligned our businesses towards a cleaner energy mix. We continue to drive Group sustainability in our 

business and community with a keen focus on four strategic areas, namely decarbonisation, ocean 

sustainability, digitalisation and social growth. These four strategic areas of our sustainability pursuit 

remain highly relevant, especially in the face of today’s challenges.

The Board supports the reporting of the Group’s sustainability performance in accordance with the SGX 

Sustainability Reporting Guide, Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards: Core Option, Sustainability 

Accounting Standards Board (SASB) framework and with reference to the United Nations Sustainable 

Development Goals (UN SDGs), the Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry 

issued by IPIECA, the American Petroleum Institute (API) and the International Association of Oil &amp; Gas 

Producers (IOGP), and the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) for materiality 

mapping and disclosures on performance. Aligning our sustainability programmes with 11 out of 17 UN 

SDGs and other international frameworks relevant to our business strategy has enabled us to drive the 

progress of our sustainability strategies towards sustainable development. The Board is responsible for 

the review and endorsement of this Sustainability Report. 

The Group’s Sustainability Report complements its other regulatory financial and corporate governance 

disclosures. The report provides transparency on our business in the context of sustainability impact, 

performance, targets and other insights. We welcome and value all feedback or suggestions from 

stakeholders to help us further augment our sustainability practices and reporting. Please forward any 

comments on our sustainability report and programmes to sustainability@sembmarine.com.

Board of Directors 

Sembcorp Marine Ltd

Our Sustainability Governance Structure 

2021 Highlights

At Sembcorp Marine, our Board of Directors 

provides oversight on the Group’s sustainability 

strategy and programmes.

As the highest governance body that oversees 

the sustainable development of the Group, 

the Board of Directors attends trainings on 

sustainability to stay abreast of developments in 

this area.

Through regular engagement with stakeholders, 

the Board is able to obtain feedback and 

address areas of concerns. The Board reviews 

the stakeholder engagement process to 

ensure its effectiveness as part of sustainability 

performance monitoring and evaluation.

The Board considers stakeholder feedback in 

its strategy review and development process 

to mitigate risks and harness opportunities for 

sustainable growth.

material incident 

of non-compliance

ZERO 

legal actions for anti-competitive 

behaviours, anti-trust, and 

monopolistic practices

Successfully completed 

surveillance audit for 

ISO 37001 Anti-bribery 

Management System 

(ABMS) certification

Our anti-bribery 

&amp; anti-corruption 

policies and 

procedures are 

communicated to 

ALL our directors, 

employees and 

suppliers

Our vision is to achieve 100% global workforce participation 

in our anti-bribery and anti-corruption training

Achieved today: 5,572 employees (49%)30 

Of the 5,572 employees who took the anti-bribery 

and anti-corruption training:

3,458 were

executives

5,137 are from 

Singapore

307 are from 

Brazil

29 are from 

Indonesia

2,114

were non-executives

99 are from the 

rest of the world31

(30) In 2021, there was an increase in new hires. Anti-bribery and anti-corruption training to be conducted for these workers will be completed 

     in 2022. For more details, please refer to the new hires chart on page 42.

(31) Rest of the world includes Norway, USA, Malaysia, Poland, France and United Kingdom.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

SEMBCORP MARINE

SENIOR MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

ALL EMPLOYEES

SECRETARIAT

SUSTAINABILITY COUNCIL

Economic

Governance

Environment

Social

SUSTAINABILITY WORKING GROUPS

Corporate 

Governance

Economic

Environment

People

Safety &amp; 

Health

Community 

Engagement

NO 


SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

66

SEMBCORP MARINE LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

67

OPERATING A RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS



As an outcome of our good sustainability 

governance and strategy implemented over 

the years, Sembcorp Marine put together 

a Sustainability-linked Finance Framework 

which outlines our Key Performance Indicators 

and Sustainability Performance Targets. 

The framework has been assessed by 

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP who provided 

their second party opinion on the alignment 

of the framework to market principles. With 

the framework, the Group managed to secure 

our first sustainability-linked loan facility with 

DBS Bank in March 2021, believed to be 

the first Singapore Overnight Rate Average 

(SORA)-based sustainability-linked loan 

for the maritime industry. This sustainable 

financing was obtained in accordance with our 

Sustainability-linked Finance Framework. 

“The inclusion of green financing dovetails with our strategic transformation since 2015 

to provide innovative engineering solutions to the global offshore &amp; marine and energy 

industries, with a keen focus on cleaner, greener and renewable energy solutions. This 

Sustainability-linked financing complements our ongoing efforts to proactively manage the 

environmental impact of our business.”

                                                   - Mr William Goh, Group Finance Director of Sembcorp Marine

The loan features interest rate discounts linked to pre-determined 

ESG targets. Sembcorp Marine will enjoy savings in borrowing costs 

after these ESG targets are achieved. The ESG targets in this facility 

are aligned with Sembcorp Marine’s performance targets set out 

in the Group’s Sustainability Report on pages 6 and 7. Sembcorp 

Marine will provide annual updates on their performance in our 

annual sustainability reports. The progress against these targets is 

monitored by our Environmental Sustainability Working Group and 

Sustainability Council, with oversight from our Board of Directors. 

Sembcorp Marine’s sustainable solutions include the design and construction of three battery-powered Ropax ferries with 

zero-emission technology. One of the three Ropax ferries has sailed away in March 2022 for Norway.

Scan for more information 

on the sustainability-linked 

finance framework



Our Sustainability Governance Framework

Our Sustainability-linked Finance

Sembcorp Marine upholds the highest standards of governance, transparency, accountability and 

ethics in all aspects of our operations. We do so through our four sustainability governance thrusts.

We have a comprehensive and integrated 

governance system of policies, processes 

and control measures to manage the impact 

our business activities have on society and 

the environment. This is made possible 

with a strong commitment from our Board 

of Directors and an effective sustainability 

governance structure.

 

To augment our sustainability reporting, we 

have disclosed against relevant indicators in 

the SASB framework for the first time in this 

report. To better enhance our governance 

system, we plan to take guidance from the 

latest GRI Standards (2021) in the coming 

years.

 

Good governance has allowed us to secure 

sustainable finance linked to our ESG 

performance. Please refer to page 67 for 

more information. 

GOOD GOVERNANCE &amp; 

PRUDENT DECISION MAKING

We have a robust Enterprise Risk 

Management framework which guides 

management in dealing effectively with 

uncertainties and the associated risks in 

pursuing business opportunities. We adopt 

a balanced approach in managing and 

mitigating risks.

 

In particular, we identify and assess 

climate-related and corruption risks in 

our operations and implement stringent 

procedures to manage business processes. 

This includes engaging suppliers, 

contractors, intermediaries and agents 

who act as representatives of Sembcorp 

Marine for which such risks are assessed to 

be high. 

 

Please refer to pages 72, 76 and 77 of our 

FY2021 Annual Report for our ERM and 

Compliance framework.

EFFECTIVE ENTERPRISE 

RISK MANAGEMENT

We review and enhance our policies and 

perform compliance assurance activities to 

ensure that we are adhering to all regulatory 

requirements. We provide our staff with 

compliance training and keep the Board 

and designated committees apprised of 

any compliance issues encountered and 

corresponding remedial measures. 

 

Our tax policies focus on compliance and 

transparency. Please refer to page 156 of our 

FY2021 Annual Report for more information 

on Sembcorp Marine’s tax expenses. 

In 2021, we did not receive reports of 

discrimination or exploitative labour 

practices relating to the Group’s operations 

or suppliers. The company’s operations 

and supply chain are not considered to 

have significant risks of child, forced or 

compulsory labour. 

REGULATORY 

COMPLIANCE

We adhere to the Anti-corruption Principle 

under the United Nations Global Compact and 

do not tolerate fraud, bribery and corruption in 

our business dealings and operations. 

Our Code of Business Conduct, Supplier Code 

of Conduct, Anti-bribery and Anti-corruption 

Policy, Fraud Risk Management Policy and 

Whistleblowing Policy, overseen and approved 

by our Board of Directors, sets out the Group’s 

core values and expectations regarding 

business ethics.

 

Sembcorp Marine regularly reviews the 

effectiveness of these policies as part of our 

ISO 37001-certified Anti-bribery Management 

System. 

BUSINESS 

INTEGRITY

Scan to 

access the 

following 

policies: 

• Code of Business Conduct

• Supplier Code of Conduct

• Anti-bribery and 

Anti-corruption Policy

• Fraud Risk Management Policy

• Whistleblowing Policy








Our Oceans are Earth’s blue source of life

    They offer us an abundance of resources and a glorious space for peaceful contemplation

Our Oceans span the Earth from north to south

    The rich inhabitants of the waters never fail to fill us with joyful amazement and wonder

Our Oceans are precious waters for our livelihood

    On their waves Sembmarine delivers solutions to build a better world for all

Our Oceans provide for creations in so many ways

    Today, more than ever, it’s time for us to be her Guardian.

OUR OCEANS, WE CARE

