
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

RCB REG. NO: 200105909M 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT  

FOR FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 SEPTEMBER 2018 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This Sustainability Report has been prepared by the Company and its contents have been reviewed by the 

Company’s sponsor, PrimePartners Corporate Finance Pte. Ltd. (the “Sponsor”) in accordance with Rules 

226(2)(b) and 753(2) of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”) Listing Manual 

Section B: Rules of Catalist. 

  

This Sustainability Report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST.  The SGX-ST assumes no 

responsibility for the contents of this Sustainability Report, including the correctness of any of the statements or 

opinions made or reports contained in this sustainability report. 

  

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms. Gillian Goh, Director, Head of Continuing Sponsorship (Mailing 

Address: 16 Collyer Quay, #10-00 Income at Raffles, Singapore 049318 and Email:sponsorship@ppcf.com.sg). 

 




 

1 

 

INTRODUCTION 

We are pleased to present our first Sustainability Report 2018 (the “Report”) of Sen Yue Holdings 

Limited and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) which was prepared in accordance with the Listing Rule 

711B and Practice Note 7F of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”).  

 

This Report covers data and information for the financial year from 1 October 2017 to 30 September 

2018 (“FY2018”) and the Group’s two core operating segments, that is commodities and e-waste 

management segment and electro deposition coating service segment.  

 

In preparing this report, we do not engage independent third party. The selected Environmental, 

Social and Governance (“ESG”) factors are based on collective effort done internally within the 

Group with all concerned departmental heads of the subsidiaries of the Group. 

 

We have adopted the Global Reporting Initiatives (“GRI”) Standards Sustainability Reporting 

Guidelines which is internationally recognised. The relevant GRI standards applied in this report are 

307-1 of GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 2016, 403-1, 403-5, 403-6 and 403-9 of GRI 403: 

Occupational Health and Safety 2018, 404-1 and 404-2 of GRI 404: Training and Education 2016 and 

405-1 of GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016 which are the most appropriate for our 

Group’s business model. 

 

The Board of Directors (“the Board”) considers sustainability as part of the Group’s strategic 

formulation, determined the Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) and oversee the 

management and monitoring of the material ESG factors. To do so, the Board delegated its role to a 

Sustainability Working Team (“SWT”) to identify and manage all sustainability issues. The SWT meet 

regularly to discuss and update matters relating to the Group’s sustainability and report to the Chief 

Executive Officer (“CEO”). The CEO will then highlight to the Board on any potential issue for final 

decision.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The Board 

- oversee the management and 

monitoring of the material ESG aspects 

- make final decision 

SWT 

- report to the CEO on sustainability matters 

- identify and manage all sustainability issues 

- comprises of: 

 

● Managing Directors – Operations;  

 

● Finance Managers; 

 

● Human Resource Managers;  

 

● General Managers – Operations; and  

 

● Senior Managers – Operations 

CEO 

- review sustainability issues raised by the 

SWT 

- report to the Board 


 

2 

 

Our stakeholders are shareholders, investors, employees, customers, suppliers and regulatory 

bodies. We are considering our key stakeholders to understand their concerns and interests on the 

Group’s sustainability. We communicate with them through both formal and informal channels such 

as annual general meeting, ongoing discussions and meetings. These stakeholder engagements bring 

stronger accountability, mutual value and shared trust between us and the stakeholders. 

 

The following table summarises the sustainability objectives, indicators and key stakeholders of the 

main aspects of ESG which are used by the SWT in their consideration:- 

 

Environmental 

Social 

Governance 

Sustainability 

Objectives 

Minimise our impact to 

the environment as 

much as practicable 

Treat our employees 

well by looking after 

their welfare, providing 

a safe and healthy 

workplace  

Maintain a high 

standard of corporate 

governance within the 

Group 

Sustainability 

Indicators 

- Compliance with 

environmental laws  

- No hazardous 

substances contained 

in materials used for 

production 

 

- Compliance with 

laws related to 

employees and 

occupational safety 

and health 

- Zero fatal accidents 

at workplace 

- Minimum 2 training 

hours to each 

employee annually  

Compliance with 

principles set out in 

the Code of Corporate 

Governance 2012 by 

the SGX-ST 

Key Stakeholders 

(Internal &amp; External) 

Suppliers, customers, 

employees, regulators 

Employees, regulators 

Shareholders, 

investors, employees, 

regulators 

 

Based on the concerns and interests of our key stakeholders, the SWT has performed an analysis of 

materiality matrix as shown below:- 

 

RIsk impact to the Group 

Low 

Medium 

High 

Low 

 

Medium 

 

High 

Importance to key stakeholders 

Materiality Matrix 

RoHS-compliance 

Waste water management 

Resources management  

Employee welfare 

Occupational safety &amp; health 

Training &amp; education 

Corporate social responsibility 

Community development 

Energy management 

Corporate governance 


 

3 

 

After taking into consideration the above and suggestions made by production heads of various 

subsidiaries, the SWT has identified the material ESG factors as follow:- 

 

 

1 ENVIRONMENTAL  

1.1 

Resources Management 

Maintaining an environmental conscience is an integral aspect of the Group’s resources 

management business. The business revolves around creating a greener eco-system for all, without 

compromising the commercial interest. Our aim is to efficiently manage waste resources in cost-

effective yet highly ethical and environmentally beneficial ways. 

 

Besides handling general waste, we are also licensed to manage other waste resources such as 

industrial hazardous waste, e-waste and lithium-related products. The risks of mismanagement of 

commercial and industrial waste can hold great impact on human health and the environment, 

hence they are required to be handled with special precaution and the activity is regulated and 

subject to the requirements of the environment authorities in every country. In this regard, we meet 

the licensing requirement in countries which we have operations. 

 

Our resources management business helps us to build a mutually beneficial partnership with our 

customers that at the same time brings positive impacts to the environment.  

 

 

1.2 

Environmental Management System 

We are committed to conduct our businesses in an environmental-friendly way. As much as 

practicable, we seek to reduce our environmental footprint as our effort to conserve the 

environment. In offices, employees are encouraged to print only when necessary as an effort to 

reduce usage of papers. As such, going green also brings potential cost-saving to the Group.  

 

We have been awarded with ISO 14001:2004 and ISO 14001:2015 certificates. We have 

Environmental Management System in place that enables us to systematically control material 

environmental aspects arises from our business activities. This will help us to achieve our 

environmental objectives and also ensure that we fully complied with relevant environmental laws 

and regulations in countries which we have operations. We have engaged external consultants to 

perform analysis on our environmental impacts, such as air emission and boundary noise level. 

 

 

1.3 

Raw Materials 

We require materials used in production to meet the Restriction of Hazardous Substances (“RoHS”) 

compliance which mean they do not contain substances that are harmful to the environment. 

Besides, we are aware that chemical waste, such as sludge, can contaminate the environment. 

Hence, it is important to have proper waste disposal. In this regard, we only dispose them to 

licensed contractors which are approved by the environment authorities. 

 

In order to reduce usage of materials in production, various initiatives have been adopted. For 

example, in production area, obsolete materials are reused in production testing. Other materials, if 

cannot be reused, are then sold as scrap for recycling purposes.  

 

 

 

 


 

4 

 

1.4 

Waste Water 

We have Waste Water Treatment Plant (“WWTP”) to treat water used in production before 

discharging to the drains outside of our premises so that we do not create water pollution to the 

environment. On a regular basis, we monitor the conditions of water by collecting samples and then 

sent them for testing by third party accredited laboratories. This also ensures that the conditions of 

water discharged are acceptable within parameter as required by the government. 

 

The following are selected parameters limits on waste water as set by the Department of 

Environment, Malaysia and Indonesia. Our subsidiaries fully complied with those limits. 

 

Parameters 

Parameter Limit 

Compliance in 2018 

Temperature 

 40° Celsius 

√ 

pH Value 

5.5 – 9.0 

√ 

Biochemical Oxygen Demand 

50 

√ 

Chemical Oxygen Demand 

200 

√ 

 

We will continue to monitor the conditions of water discharged as it is a continuous process to 

ensure water to our environment is pollution-free. 

 

 

2 SOCIAL 

2.1 

Workplace Diversity 

Our workforce comprises of employees from diverse background in terms of age groups, gender, 

ethnicity, etc. While we value workplace diversity, we recruit mostly male workers due to nature of 

our industry. Breakdown of our workforce by age groups and gender as at 30 September 2018 is 

presented below:- 

 

 

 

For composition of the Board, please refer to page 14 to page 17 of the Annual Report 2018. 

 

0

100

200

300

400

Below 30

30 to 50

Above 50

Number of Employees 

Age Group 

Male

Female


 

5 

 

2.2 

Occupational Safety and Health 

Due to the nature of our businesses, we place strong emphasis on occupational safety and health of 

our employees by providing them a safe and conducive working environment.  

 

The Group complies with all local laws in respect of occupational safety and health. Our production 

workers are given safety trainings or briefings on how to handle chemicals and machines. 

Furthermore, personal protective equipment such as earplugs, safety shoes, respirator, etc are made 

available for our production workers.  

 

During FY2018, we engaged an external laboratory to monitor our production workers for chemical 

exposure such as 2-butoxyethanol fluoride, nickel, etc. The exposure level are below permitted 

exposure level as required by the laws. 

 

The Group is proud that no fatalities as a result of work-related injury were recorded during FY2018. 

We target to maintain the same for the following financial year of 1 October 2018 to 30 September 

2019 (“FY2019”). 

 

 

2.3 

Training and Education 

The Group does not have a formal internal training programme but all employees will be given on-

the-job trainings. Some staff will be sent to attend relevant external seminars and courses to ensure 

that they are competent in performing their work. Adequate trainings not only allow employees to 

do the work efficiently and safely, but also in the long run can bring cost saving to the Group.  

 

Each subsidiary of the Group, taking into consideration skills and experiences of its general managers 

and availability of suitable trainings, makes its own decision on when and what to train its 

employees. On average, the Group provided 2 to 10 training hours to its employee during FY2018. 

Off-site trainings held during FY2018 include: 

 First aid with CPR 

 Industrial wastewater treatment  

 Positive working at workplace 

 Supervisory development programme 

 Sales &amp; service tax 

 Capital Business Model 

 

Our employees working in resources management business are also trained in industrial standards 

of safety and best practices in handling and processing hazardous waste. This is to ensure a safe 

work environment for employees and the communities at large.  

 

2.4 

Employee Welfare 

The management believes that the relationship amongst our employees is crucial and this can be 

strengthened by participating in activities. During FY2018, the Group organised various activities to 

its employees such as annual dinners, company trips and sport day.  

 

Besides, the management encourages our employees to participate in events organised by outside 

parties. For example, during FY2018, our employees were also sponsored to participate in events 

such as Anak-anak Malaysia Walkathon. 

 


 

6 

 

The Group also complies with all local laws pertaining to employment such as minimum wage, 

provident fund and leave provisions. In addition to basic salary and allowances, employees also 

receive other benefits as part of their welfare, such as: 

 Group PA insurance 

 Medical claim benefit 

 Transportation 

 Long service award 

 

The Group will continue to look for ways to improve welfare of its employees. 

 

 

2.5 

Corporate Social Responsibility 

As part of the society, the Group contributes to the local community which it has operations. 

Therefore, our Indonesian subsidiary contributed cash to the community at the factory area for 

development purpose. On ad-hoc basis, the Group also made cash donations for charitable purposes. 

Organisations that were benefited during FY2018 included Metta Welfare Association, Parkinson 

Society Singapore, etc. 

 

The Group plans to undertake more corporate social responsibility activities in FY2019 in order to 

bring greater positive impact to the community which it operates. 

 

 

3 GOVERNANCE 

The Board is committed to maintain a high standard of corporate governance within the Group. Key 

governance issues identified are: risk management, internal controls and investor relations.  

 

Details of the key governance issues above have been discussed in Corporate Governance section on 

page 10 to page 56 in the Annual Report 2018. 

 

 

3.1 

Anti-corruption 

The Group has established a whistleblowing policy which provides the channel for employees of the 

Group and external parties to raise their concerns about improprieties in financial reporting or other 

matters (including corruption and bribery) to the Audit Committee Chairman or CEO, in good faith 

and in confidence, sending their mails directly to the Company’s registered address, if any.  

 

During FY2018, there were no whistleblowing reports received or incidents of corruption reported. 

 

 

CONCLUSION 

The Board recognises the importance of sustainability in today’s business environment to enhance 

shareholders’ value. Hence, the Board will continue to meet the Group’s commitments to achieve its 

sustainability objectives for the Group. 

 

 

 


 

7 

 

GRI STANDARDS SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING GUIDELINES 

Content Index – Extracted from Guidelines 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Page 

Reference, 

if Applicable 

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 2016 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations 

Page 3 

 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Page 

Reference, 

if Applicable 

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018 

403-1 

Occupational health and safety management system 

Page 5 

403-2 

Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation 

 

403-3 

Occupational health services 

 

403-4 

Worker participation, consultation, and communication on 

occupational health and safety 

 

403-5 

Worker training on occupational health and safety 

Page 5 

403-6 

Promotion of worker health 

Page 6 

403-7 

Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts 

directly linked by business relationships 

 

403-8 

Workers covered by an occupational health and safety 

management system 

 

403-9 

Work-related injuries 

Page 5 

403-10 

Work-related ill health 

 

 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Page 

Reference, 

if Applicable 

GRI 404: Training and Education 2016 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employee 

Page 5 

404-2 

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance 

programs 

Page 5 

404-3 

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career 

development reviews 

 

 

GRI 

Standard 

Disclosure 

Page 

Reference, 

if Applicable 

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

Page 4 

405-2 

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men 

 

 

