
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY  

REPORT  

FY2018 

 

 

 



 




2 

 

What’s Covered 

 

Message from the Executive Chairman 

3 

About Serrano Group 

4 

Business Overview 

4 

Interior Fit-Out Business 

4 

Group Corporate Structure 

4 

Sinbor Company (Private) Limited 

5 

Euroasia Facade Pte Ltd 

5 

Serrano Holding Pte Ltd 

5 

Growth Strategy 

6 

Corporate Governance 

6 - 7 

Stakeholder Engagement 

8 - 9 

Analysis of Materiality 

9 - 10 

Our Environmental Approach 

10 

Anti-smoking policy 

10 

Energy management 

10 

Product quality &amp; waste management 

11 

Safety and Health Governance 

11 

Gender Equality and Diversity of our Human Capital 

12 

 

 

 


3 

 

Message from the Executive Chairman  

Sustainable development has been a key component of our business structure since the 

group was established some 40 odd years ago. At Serrano, we are committed to the United 

Nations Sustainable Development Goals (“SDG”) and we strive to align our operating 

models in line with the SDG agenda. This report has been prepared in accordance to Global 

Reporting Initiative Standard ("GRI") Standard. GRI is an independent and globally 

recognized reporting framework. It has helped the Group to decide material contents to be 

presented in our inaugural sustainability report and reporting matters that are relevant to our 

various stakeholders. This report is also aligned with the Sustainability Reporting Guide in 

Practice Note 7F of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing 

Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (the “Catalist Rules”).  

Today, we are pleased to present our inaugural Sustainability Report for Serrano Limited 

and its subsidiaries (the “Group”). This report examines our group effort towards the green 

nature and our people through three key ESG elements, namely Environmental, Social and 

Governance for the financial year ended 31 December 2018 (“FY2018”). 

The Group concluded its Schemes of Arrangement (“SOA”) which began in 2016 and ended 

in August 2018. The Group restarted its operations by acquiring a 51% stake in Sinbor 

Company (Private) Ltd (“Sinbor”) on 17 September 2018 which sells stone, tiles and 

sanitaryware. Sinbor has a 80% stake in a subsidiary, Euroasia Façade Pte Ltd (“Euroasia”) 

which sells aluminium windows and doors. This was a strategic move to align with Serrano’s 

original business before the SOA and thus creating a higher economic value and financial 

return to our various stakeholders. Apart from striving for higher economic growth through 

our consolidated business structure, we are also committed to maintaining strong corporate 

governance and creating success going forward with our stakeholders.  

The sustainable development team that comprises of the Executive Chairman, Group 

Financial Controller and Managing Directors of respective subsidiaries came together to 

oversee the development of the Group’s sustainability strategy in day-to-day and systemic 

operation challenges. This team is responsible for brainstorming ideas and coordinating 

sustainability initiatives across the business functions in line with the Group’s policies, plans 

and operation objectives. The Board, with the assistance of the sustainable development 

team, having considered sustainability issues as part of its strategic formulation, determined 

the material ESG factors and overseen the management and monitoring of the material ESG 

factors. 

At Serrano, we acknowledge that to accomplish the 17 SDG, requires collective efforts from 

all segments and we pledge to be fully committed to the sustainable development agenda for 

a cleaner planet, greater future for our next generation and at the same time creating greater 

value for all our stakeholders. 

 

 

TAN TIEN HIN WINSTON  

Executive Chairman  

 


4 

 

About Serrano Group  

Established in the 1970s, Serrano Limited (“Serrano” or the “Company” and, together with its 

subsidiaries, the “Group”) provides interior fit-out solutions for property development and 

refurbishment projects in Singapore and Southeast Asia. 

Some of the Group’s past projects include D’Leedon, The Interlace, Reflections at Keppel 

Bay, Ritz Carlton Residences and ICON @ Tanjong Pagar in Singapore; the Star City 

Thanlyin township development and Traders Hotel (now known as the Sule Shangri-La 

Hotel) in Yangon, Myanmar; The Estella condominium in Vietnam; and The Met 

condominium and The River condominium in Thailand. The Company is listed on the Catalist 

of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited since 28 October 2014. Trading in the 

Company’s securities on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) 

has been voluntarily suspended by the Company on 16 June 2017. The Group has been 

granted by SGX-ST on 27 March 2020 for extension of time to submit the trading resumption 

proposal by 30 April 2020. 

Business Overview 

For FY2018 sustainability report, the Group’s core business segments involved stone, tiles 

and sanitaryware, and aluminium windows and doors which are part of the interior fit-out 

solutions for property development and refurbishment projects in Singapore and Southeast 

Asia. The Group had not included its wholesale and retail furnishing business as it had not 

contributed significantly to the Group for FY2018. 

 

Interior Fit-Out Business 

The business of the Group is to customise, manufacture, supply, and install various products 

including kitchen cabinets, wardrobes, vanity cabinets, doors, and doorframes (“Panelling 

Products”), stone, tiles and sanitaryware, and aluminium windows and doors in the 

residential, hospitality, retail, and commercial sectors. Our business includes supply, 

installation of interior fit-out works. Future products and services include other furnishings, 

ceilings, floors, partitions, mechanical and electrical works. 

 

Group Corporate Structure  

The Group and its subsidiaries are illustrated below. Serrano Limited is the listed company 

on the Catalist Board, Serrano Holding Pte Ltd is the retail arm of the Group. Sinbor 

Company (Private) Limited (“SCPL”) will focus on retail and projects for stone, tiles and 

sanitaryware.  Euroasia Facade Pte Ltd (“EFPL”) will specialise in aluminium doors and 

windows for Good Class Bungalows (“GCBs”) and larger projects. We are looking to include 

online sales channels as well as wholesale of home and office furniture in the near future 

within the next three years (i.e. FY2019 to FY2022). Besides, we are actively discussing with 

various other companies within our industry which complement our businesses in order to 

further expand our product offering to our potential customers. 


5 

 

 

 

 

Sinbor Company (Private) Limited  

The Group acquired a 51% stake in Sinbor on 17 September 2018 which sells stone, tiles 

and sanitaryware. Sinbor supplies and installs building materials primarily natural stone, 

marble, bathroom sanitaryware and mosaic for retail, residential and commercial projects.  

Sinbor and its 80% owned subsidiary, Euroasia, have an order book of $6.2 million as at end 

September 2018. 

 

Euroasia Facade Pte Ltd 

Euroasia is a registered General Builder Class 2 under BCA and is active in the Design, 

Fabrication and Installation of Patented Italian Aluminium Profiles for doors, window, door 

frames and façades used in both commercial and residential properties.  

 

Serrano Holding Pte Ltd 

In FY2018, Serrano holding is a holding company with minimal activities. Serrano Holding 

Pte Ltd will be in charge of the furniture retail business which will include brick and mortar, 

and online sales channels as well as wholesale of home and office furniture in FY2019.   

 

 

Serrano Limited

Holding Company

Serrano Holding Pte Ltd

Retail Furniture and other 

businesses

Sinbor Company (Private) 

Limited

Stone &amp; Sanitaryware Business

Euroasia Facade Pte Ltd

Aluminium Windows &amp; Doors


6 

 

Growth Strategy 

The Group works closely with Small Medium Enterprises (SME) which have limited 

resources for growth, and lack of capabilities in IT infrastructure, customer relationships 

management, product management and supplier acquisitions, as well as expertise to 

harness technology for productivity and growth. We help by instilling certain of the Group’s 

SOPs in their operations which in turns help smoothen our overall dealing process with 

them. Apart from that, we also target SMEs which are current market leaders in their 

respective markets. Hence, the Group Management is committed to source for 

complementary investment opportunities in the market to build a stronger team with shared 

resources, and wider range of quality products for the construction industry and thus 

improving business performance of the Group through cross-selling and greater customer 

satisfaction. With the completion of the Schemes of Arrangement in 2018, the Group has 

enhanced its internal controls by implementing initiatives such as stringent project, cost and 

cash management, worker performance schemes and proper financial reporting systems. 

The Group is looking to improve its standard operating procedures by the end of FY2019, 

especially in the area of IT infrastructure and proper payroll systems. 

Corporate Governance 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Audit 

Committee

• Mr Goh Chong Theng (Chairman)

• Mr Tay Kah Poh (Member) 

• Mr Wolfgang Josef Neeser (Member)

Remuneration 

Committee

• Mr Tay Kah Poh (Chairman)

• Mr Goh Chong Theng (Member)

• Mr Wolfgang Josef Neeser (Member)

Nominating 

Committee

• Mr Tay Kah Poh (Chairman)

• Mr Goh Chong Theng (Member)

• Mr Tan Tien Hin Winston (Member)

• Mr Wolfgang Josef Neeser (Member)



Board 

Mr Tan Tien Hin Winston (Executive Chairman) 

Mr Goh Chong Theng (Lead Independent Director) 

Mr Tay Kah Poh (Independent Director) 

Mr Wolfgang Josef Neeser (Independent Director) 


7 

 

The Board is committed to creating value for its shareholder and to ensure the sustainable 

development of business within the Group by focusing on strategic planning, robust risk 

management, and competitive remuneration for all staffs.  

 

Audit Committee : The key roles include, amongst others, overseeing and evaluating 

internal controls system, financial reporting system, risk management and all compliance-

related reporting.  

Remuneration Committee : Review and formulate key performance indices (KPI) for all 

staff. The committee shall also ensure a competitive remuneration package in line with the 

market forces to incentivise staff working towards long term goals set by the Group.  

Nominating Committee : The key functions include, amongst others, review of Board 

composition, Board effectiveness, succession planning and confirmation of the 

independence of all Directors in accordance with the Code and Rule 406(3)(d) of the Catalist 

Rules.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1. 

Mr Tay Kah Poh was appointed on 17 October 2019 as the Independent Director of the Company, the Chairman of 

both Remuneration Committee &amp; Nominating Committee and the member of Audit Committee.  

2. 

Mr Goh Chong Theng was appointed on 14 June 2019 as the Independent Director of the Company, the Chairman of 

Audit Committee and the member of both Remuneration Committee and Nominating Committee.  

3. 

As of 29 April 2019, Mr Tan Ngiap Siew has retired from the Board and ceased to be a member of the Audit 

Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nominating Committee. We thanked Mr Tan for his time and contribution 

to the Group.  

4. 

As of 31 August 2019, Mr Kee Poir Mok has resigned from the Board and ceased to be a member of the Audit 

Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nominating Committee. We thanked Mr Kee  for his time and contribution 

to the Group. 

 


8 

 

Stakeholder Engagement  

The original shareholders of Serrano no longer have a stake in the Company after the 

completion of the Schemes of Arrangement. The new controlling shareholder, Winmark 

Investments Pte Ltd (“WIPL”) has taken a 68% stake and the creditors of Serrano have 

taken a 25% stake in Serrano after receiving a 93% haircut on the amounts owed. WIPL has 

taken various steps to restore the confidence of the stakeholders. One of the initiatives will 

be to instil good corporate governance to ensure that the previous problems will never be 

repeated. In particular, the new Management and Board have instilled stringent terms for 

various sales, projects and purchase processes. Separately, an Independent Review is 

being conducted by KPMG to investigate all the past allegations and a new internal auditor 

has been engaged to ensure all internal controls are in place. The Management has been 

busy implementing the controls in our current operations. 

Going forward, the new Management and Board are fully committed to significantly improve 

stakeholders’ engagement. There will be better risk management to protect the value for 

shareholders. Mutual respect, constant engagement, and being transparent are the key 

pillars to building an effective relationship with the different stakeholders we interact with. We 

engage with our stakeholder via various approaches on a regular basis be it formal or 

informal as we believe understanding our stakeholder’s interest is the key to success.  

Our robust engagement model helps us connect with both internal and external 

stakeholders. This would help us in developing strong partnerships and thus build success 

together.  

Stakeholder 

Engagement Method and Desired Results 

Frequency  

Shareholder and 

Investors 

● Annual general meeting  

● Extraordinary general meeting (if required) 

● Transparency 

Annually  

Employees 

o Focus on Integrity, Excellence, Reliability 

and Value for customers 

o Apprenticeship 

and 

Advancement 

for 

deserving employees 

Throughout 

the 

year 

Customer 

▪ 

Customer satisfaction surveys leading to 

regular customers’ referrals  

▪ 

After sales service, quality endorsements 

▪ 

Excellence, 

Reliability 

and 

value 

for 

customers 

Throughout 

the 

year 

Suppliers 

❖ Long-term relationships to be the suppliers’ 

preferred customer 

Throughout 

the 

year 

Government 

Authorities 

✔ Regularly introduce new levels of product 

innovation and process quality 

✔ Compliance 

with 

authority 

license 

&amp; 

regulations 

Annually  

 

 

 


9 

 

Stakeholder Interests 

We deliver through  

● Profitability &amp; timely reporting 

Annual report  

Monthly update via SGX 

 

o Career development 

o Benefits 

Internal &amp; external training 

Annual performance incentives   

Two way communication  

 

▪ 

Effective resolutions on complaints 

▪ 

High quality products  

 

Direct &amp; frequent communication with 

customer 

Thorough checking of products before 

delivery  

❖ Long term relationship 

 

Partnership with suppliers in both 

residential and commercial projects 

 

✔ Transparency  

✔ Regulatory disclosures 

✔ Accountability  

Sustainability report 

Certifications 

Compliance  

Annual report  

 

Analysis of Materiality  

We identify and analyse the most important areas for our 

stakeholders in order to maximize the value creation for everyone.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The above materiality matrix was presented as above after a thorough discussion among the 

sustainable development team. This study will be repeated every three years or more 

Importance to stakeholders 

Importance to Serrano 

• 

Corporate Governance 

• 

Environmental Compliance 

 

• 

Gender Equality &amp; Diversity  

 

• 

Energy Management  

 

• 

Waste Management 

• 

Public Safety  

• 

Customer Satisfaction 

• 

Product Quality 

• 

Staff Training &amp; Development 

 

• 

Supplier Assessment 

 


10 

 

frequently if there are any significant changes in the business or market environment. These 

materiality findings guide our business strategy and planning, tracking issue that is important 

to our stakeholders and allowing management to establish relevant action to improve or 

resolve each of the issue discussed.  

 

Our Environmental Approach 

Serrano recognizes the importance of preserving our nature for the benefit of all humankind 

and our next generation. Hence, we have adopted various initiatives within the Group as part 

of our efforts to reduce negative environmental impact.  

 

Anti-smoking policy 

All offices and factories across the Group adopted an anti-smoking policy. This initiative 

supports Singapore’s aim to reduce smoking rate to below 10% by the year of 2020. 

Management adopted a firm approach for staff or workers caught in violation of policy 

whereby he or she would be disciplined. However, the management is pleased to inform that 

there have been no cases of violation up to date.  We plan to make our employees the fittest 

in order to compete with our competitors.   

 

Energy management  

Our office is equipped with energy efficient systems whereby air-conditioning would be 

switched on at 9am and off at 6pm. Apart from that, all lights are switched off after office 

hours to preserve energy.  As part of the continuous effort to reduce energy emission, the 

Group targets to replace 50% of its existing light-bulbs with energy saving LED light-bulbs by 

2020 and the remaining 50% by year 2022. The effective use of energy will translate into 

greater productivity. Notwithstanding, we should not be saving energy at the sacrifice of 

effectiveness and efficiency. 

 

Product quality and Waste management 

Being in the manufacturing industry, we need to plan in order to minimise waste in 

production. The Group would dispose of the waste such as debris, scrap metal and stone 

responsibly. We have engaged qualified general waste collectors duly certified by the 

National Environment Agency (NEA) to dispose of our waste every month. The amount of 

waste disposed of in FY2018 was around 6 tonnes. Our materials procurement procedures 

also attempt to reduce waste at source.  We send inspection teams to suppliers to ensure 

quality and quantities purchased conform as closely as possible to our customers’ 

requirements. 


11 

 

Apart from production waste, the Group also encourages paper saving, reduced printing 

needs and recycled paper. This has helped to cut down on the purchase of paper (average 

10 reams per month) as compared to previous year (i.e. FY2017) by 5%. 

 

Serrano is constantly looking for initiatives to cut down waste or reduce negative 

environmental impact and improve productivity in the process. Hence, the Group is currently 

studying a potential acquisition of a home-grown Singapore SME in the building 

management/hospitality business with proven technology to save energy cost, reduce labour 

costs, improve operational profitability and prolong product lifespan, thus contributing to a 

more sustainable environment. However, no  definitive  agreements  have  been  entered  

into  in  relation  to the aforementioned acquisition  and  there  is  no  assurance  that  such 

definitive agreements will be entered into. 

Safety and Health Governance  

The safety of our people is of paramount importance. We strive to provide a safe 

environment for all our staff in order to achieve zero life loss at all sites. A safety handbook is 

provided to each of our employees containing safety procedures in the event of an unlikely 

emergency. All our newly joined factory workers have attended and passed the safety 

training course conducted by the Ministry of Manpower. First aid boxes are in place at both 

our offices and factory site to prepare for any potential injury cases.  

Our operations team at Sinbor has implemented a firm risk management plan at the 

workplace and has successfully been certified at bizSAFE Level 3. Our risk management 

plan was audited every three years by an approved Workplace Safety and Health (WSH) 

auditor.  

We planned to invest around S$500k in the next 2 years (FY2019-FY2020) into automation 

equipment across all our subsidiaries to cut down on heavy reliance on labour and thus 

reducing injury risk as the Group is actively sourcing for the right machineries from overseas 

suppliers.  

Serrano takes serious care of all its staff and workers’ safety issues and disciplinary action 

would be taken for any violation of safety procedure. In FY2018, we are pleased to report 

that there has been zero workplace related fatalities. We target zero workplace related 

fatalities in FY2019 and every ongoing year thereafter. 

Gender Equality and Diversity of our Human Capital  

The Group’s work force is predominantly male (70%) vs female 30% as we are in the  

supply and installation of building materials industry. However, given the nature of our 

business, the passion of our staff is essential to our sustainability. In this respect, the Group 

will always put high value in such passion and loyalty while adopting fair hiring practices 

when it comes to recruitment and employee career development programmes, whereby 

every individual would be given equal opportunities and fair treatment for a chance for them 

to grow further in their career. Senior management value leadership especially in product 


12 

 

expertise and always take into account inputs and allow direct communications for any 

innovative ideas or process improvement plan.  

Human capital is our biggest asset; we are committed to continue developing our employees 

through internal and external training. Performance appraisal would be conducted on a 

yearly basis whereby employees would be able to have two-way communication to review 

current year performance and discuss career progression plans for the following year.  

The Group adheres strictly to MOM policy on both maternity and paternity leaves as we 

recognize and appreciate parental bonding with newborn babies are precious.  

We will offer fair opportunities for both genders subject to the nature of the job based on 

merit, leadership, passion and loyalty. We plan to organize more corporate activities such as 

family day or yearly dinners to strengthen interdepartmental relationships and bonding thus 

improving morale and achieving better working relationships among all employees. A truly 

collaborative working environment is essential for our growth as a diversified group with a 

wide range of business division. Hence, the Group will continue to create a friendly and 

caring work environment that empowers each employee to excel beyond his or her potential 

regardless of gender or age.  

 

 

