
1 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2017 

 

 

 

 




2 

 

 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 

Page    

01 

BOARD STATEMENT 

3 

02 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 

4 

03 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

5 

04 

ECONOMIC 

7 

05 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

8 

06 

SOCIAL 

9 

07 

GOVERNANCE 

14 

08 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

15 




3 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

We are pleased to present the inaugural annual Sustainability Report of Sevak Limited (“Sevak”, the 

“Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) for our financial year ended 31 December 

2017 (“FY2017”). This report is prepared in compliance with the requirements of Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Rules 711A and 711B, and references the Global 

Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards. This report highlights the key economic, environmental, social 

and governance (EESG) related initiatives carried throughout a 12-month period, from 1 January 

2017 to 31 December 2017. 

 

For this year’s report, we are covering Sevak Limited (Head Office), Singapore Electric Vehicles Pte 

Ltd (SEV) and Affinity Group.  

 

Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its stakeholders. 

As such, the key material EESG factors for the Group have been identified and cautiously reviewed by 

the management. The data and information provided have not been verified by an independent third 

party. We have relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy of data and 

information. The board of directors of the Group (the “Board”) oversees the management and 

monitoring of these factors and takes them into consideration in the determination of the Group’s 

strategic direction and policies.  

 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables 

us to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and 

suggestions to investor-relations@sevaklimited.com 

 

 

26 December 2018 

 

 

 


4 

 

CORPORATE PROFILE 

 

On 15 July 1993, the Company was incorporated in Singapore under the name of Mediacom 

Technologies Pte Ltd. Subsequently, it was converted to a public limited company on 25 October 

1999, accompanied by a change of name to MediaRing.com Ltd.  

 

After a re-evaluation and restructuring of its business units, the Company has reinforced its focus on 

products and services in segments such as telecom value added services, high-end consumer mobility 

products as well as IT related professional and managed services. To reflect its service orientation 

and corporate culture, as it moves from “information to Innovation”, focusing on “Services”, it has 

changed its name to “Sevak Limited”. “Sevak” is a Sanskrit word depicting “Service”. 

 

Since 1999, Sevak Limited is listed on the Main board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited and operates under the ticker symbol SGX: Sevak. 

 

The Company continues to focus on 3 verticals:  

• Distribution of Operator Products and Services  

• Information Communications and Technology (ICT) Distribution and managed services  

• Mobile devices distribution &amp; retail business 

 

The Company has also embarked upon Battery Electric Vehicles fleet management services in 

Singapore since 2016.  

 

In Indonesia, the Company mainly distributes mobile prepaid cards as authorized distributor of the 

well-established telecom operators in Indonesia namely PT Telekomunikasi Selular (Telkomsel), PT XL 

Axiata, PT Indosat and Smartfren (“Airtime business). The distribution is based on a network of more 

than 30,000 resellers, 150 dealers and sub-dealers, along with a network of large number of branch 

offices and sub-branch offices in Indonesia.  

 

Based on partnerships with global players like IBM and HP, the Company provides both hardware 

infrastructure and business service integration for governments and corporate clients in Southeast 

Asia. The Company offers integrated one-stop ICT solutions ranging from consultancy to maintenance 

and disaster recovery services and also undertakes projects on Networking, Data Hosting, and 

Managed Service solutions. The Company is now focusing on services driven business and key 

innovative offerings aligned to IBM and HP strategy to improve margins via futuristic services based 

Offerings like Cloud, IOT, Server consolidation, Virtualization and other services relevant to a 

developed economy.  

 

The Company is moving from “Information to Innovation” in the coming years and has started 

exploring new areas of opportunities in ICT and Electric Vehicles since 2016 onwards.  

 

In a strategic move to focus on innovative technologies, the Company has embarked upon an 

innovation 

led 

business 

of 

battery 

electric 

vehicles 

(BEV) 

in 

Singapore.


5 

 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT  

An 

important 

starting 

point 

in 

our 

sustainability journey is to identify our 

stakeholders and material aspects relevant to 

our business. The interests and requirements 

of key stakeholders are also taken into 

account 

when 

formulating 

corporate 

strategies. These key stakeholders include, but 

are not limited to, customers, suppliers, 

employees, and regulators. We adopt both 

formal 

and 

informal 

channels 

of 

communication to understand the needs of 

key stakeholders, and incorporate these into 

our corporate strategies to achieve mutually 

beneficial relationships. 

 

Applying the guidance from GRI Standards, we 

have identified the following material EESG 

aspects: 

 

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 

PROCESS 

A summary of our sustainability reporting process is as set 

out above.  

No. 

Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Frequency  

 

1 

Suppliers 

Face-to-face meetings 

- Coordination Meeting with branch manager or operation level 

- Review and action plan for monthly target 

- Socialization product, program and new regulation 

- National Gathering, commitment next year target 

 

Daily 

Monthly 

Quarterly 

Annually 

Vendor Assessment 

- KPI target 

- Agreement renewal 

Monthly 

1-3 years 

Awarding &amp; Reward 

Annually 

2 

Customers 

Face-to-face meetings 

- CDMP (Coverage-Distribution-Marketing-Product) 

- Gathering Outlet 

 

Daily 

Occasionally 

Rebate Program (Target, Reward) 

Monthly 

Social Media (WhatsApp/LINE) 

Daily 

Marketing Hotline – Telemarketing 

Daily 

SMS blast 

Occasionally 

Brochure, Sticker 

Occasionally 

Exhibition 

Occasionally 

Bundling Product 

Occasionally 

3 

Employees 

Staff Appraisal 

Annually 

Staff Bonding Sessions 

- National Meeting 

- Cluster Gathering 

- Open Fasting on lebaran 

- Home leave transportation (EID) 

 

Annually 

Occasionally 

Annually 

Annually 

Plan and 

Scope

Engage 

Stakeholders

Assess 

Materiality

Collect 

Data

Report


6 

 

IDENTIFICATION

PRIORITISATION

VALIDATION

REVIEW

No. 

Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Frequency  

 

Whistle blowing policy updates 

Annually 

4 

Bankers 

Face-to-face meetings 

Quarterly, update business 

Lunches 

Quarterly, update business 

E-mails / Phone call 

Daily basis in operational side 

Meetings 

Quarterly, update business 

5 

Community 

Sponsorship 

Occasionally 

Donations 

Occasionally 

6 

Media 

Social Media 

- Facebook  

- Instagram 

 

Weekly 

Weekly 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT  

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant aspects. Relevant aspects are then 

prioritised to identify material factors which are subject to validation. The end result of this process is 

a list of material factors disclosed in the Sustainability Report. Process of which are as shown below: 

 

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment during the year with the help of an external 

consultant.. Going forward, materiality review will be conducted every year, incorporating inputs 

gathered from stakeholders’ engagements. 

 

In order to determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment and society and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying the guidance from GRI, we 

have identified the following as our material aspects:  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TARGETS  Given that this is our inaugural report, we do not have sufficient performance data to form a trend for the 

purpose of setting quantitative targets. Qualitative targets are set out below and quantitative target will be 

included in FY218 report.  



GOVERNANCE 

 

Corporate Governance 

Enterprise Risk Management 

Business Ethics 



SOCIAL  

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

Training and Education 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

Local Communities 

Customer Privacy 

Socioeconomic Compliance 



ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

Energy 

Environmental Compliance 



ECONOMIC 

 

Economic Performance 

Procurement Practice 

Anti-Corruption 










7 

 

 

ECONOMIC 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

Sevak firmly believes that focusing on financial sustainability is critical. The Company’s basic principle 

is that long-term profitability and shareholder value is ensured by taking into account the interests of 

stakeholders, such as shareholders, employees, suppliers and society as a whole.  

 

The Group recorded a turnover of S$351.0 million – an increase of 7.9% over revenue of 

corresponding year. Distribution of Operator products and services in Indonesia grew at 

6.1% during FY 2017 against corresponding FY 2016. Revenue from ICT distribution and 

managed services has also grown at 15.9% during FY 2017 over corresponding FY 2016. 

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our Annual Report 2017: 

• 

Operational and Financial Performance Review, pages 5 to 6 

• 

Financial Statements, pages 39 to 136 

 

PROCUREMENT PRACTICE 

98% of our purchases in SEV are sourced locally. For Indonesia, all purchases are also sourced 

locally. 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

Sevak do not tolerate any form of corruption. This has been made clear to all of our employees, our 

suppliers and our business partners. There were no incidents of corruption reported in FY2017. We 

will always ensure that there will be no incidents of corruption in the Group.  

 




8 

 

SINGAPORE ELECTRIC VEHICLE 

 

Singapore Electric Vehicles Pte Ltd is a first commercial electric fleet company based in 

Singapore. Our aim is to revolutionize public mobility by introducing zero emission and 

environment friendly vehicles with popular ride-hailing services in Singapore. 

 

Our experienced team has been serving the industry for over a decade; that has established a 

team filled of caring as well as sincerity. We are confident in exceeding customer demand and 

indeed, have a high awareness in the on-going changing marketing trend. 

 

A state-of-the-art experience center has been set up at the Smart Innovation Centre in 

Singapore offering consumers a first-hand experience of clean mobility solutions for a greener 

planet. 

 

Currently with a fleet size of 50 EVs and equal number of charging stations in Singapore, SEV 

is taking steps towards making its dream into reality. SEV has a full-fledged fleet management 

system to manage the fleet of EVs. The EVs are state of the art next generation EVs fitted 

with latest technology systems with features like lane departure warnings, forward collision 

warnings, pedestrian collision warning and many others. The vehicles are also fitted with a 

unique battery management system (BMS) to monitor the working condition of batteries in 

the process of charging and discharging.  

 

ENVIRONMENTAL  

 

ENERGY 

Sevak is fully aware of its responsibility for nurturing the environment and lessening negative 

environmental consequences at our worksites and the environment where we operate. We monitor 

our electricity consumption at our work places to ensure that we use our resources economically, 

meaningfully and responsibly.  

 

In FY2017, our electricity consumption recorded 298,073.48 kwh.  

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

We engage a certified agent to manage our waste relating to mobile phones and computers in 

compliance to the rule Management Of Hazardous Wastes and Toxic (PP-No-101-Tahun-2014).  

 

On top of this, there was no incidence of non-compliance with laws and regulations resulting in 

significant fines or sanctions in FY2017, and we endeavor to maintain this track record.  

 


9 

 

SOCIAL 

 

Every employee plays an essential role in our company. We achieve success by promoting a 

collaborative work environment in which everyone is committed to achieve our corporate goals based 

on open and honest communications while showing care and support for each other. 

 

Our employees are the drivers of our business and we believe in creating a respectful, rewarding and 

safe working environment for our people. We support and respect the protection of internationally 

proclaimed human rights. 

 

We respect human rights, support the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour, 

especially child labour, and do not tolerate any discrimination in respect of employment and 

occupation. 

 

The company provides competitive remuneration based on merit to all our employees. Our employees 

are not covered by collective bargaining agreements, but are given the right to exercise freedom of 

association.  

 

 




10 

 

 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

We are also committed to safeguarding our employees’ health and safety against any potential 

workplace hazards. The focus on health and safety is important to the Group. It is not only a 

fundamental right for our workers to be able to work in a safe environment, but when our employees’ 

wellness is attained, our productivity increases, and our best is given to our customers. By 

implementing job safety guidelines, we are committed to provide a hazard-free workplace to ensure 

the wellbeing of both our employees and environment. 

 

We are proud to report that there have been no work place incidents for FY2017.  

 

TRAININGS AND EDUCATION 

It is in the interest of the Company that career development programs are set for individual 

employees on an on-going basis based on their individual needs and goals. A total of 4 training 

programs with 13 hours have been provided to our employees in SEV in FY2017. In Indonesia, most 

of the trainings were done by Principal to our employee for new product knowledge, sales program 

and new regulation related with Principle’s business at least once a week for about 1 hours attended 

by at least 20 staff. We will continue to provide trainings to our employees for their development 

annually.  




11 

 

9%

91%

GENDER

Female

Male

9%

63%

28%

AGE

below 30

30 to 50

above 50

90%

4%

4%

2%

NATIONALITY

Singaporean

Indian

Filipino

Malaysian

 

 

CUSTOMER PRIVACY  

The Board is of the view that cyber security and data privacy are important in safeguarding both the 

Group’s data and that of our customers, suppliers, business partners and employees. The Group takes 

measures to guard against cyber risks, protecting confidential information for both our internal and 

external stakeholders. This also applies to our employment process where the privacy of all applicants 

is safeguarded and access to personal data is restricted to authorised personnel on a need-to-know 

basis. 

 

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE  

Sevak is proud to inform that it is in compliance, in all material aspects, with all social, economic, and 

environmental rules and regulations. 

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

A diverse workforce is an asset in today's ever-changing global marketplace. We cultivate an inclusive 

culture where employees with wide-ranging backgrounds and qualities are highly motivated, engaged 

and connected. We do not discriminate one’s race, age, gender, religion, ethnicity, disability or 

nationality and we aim to have zero record of discrimination.  

 

Throughout the year, Sevak holds a range of activities to foster team-building as Town Hall Meetings, 

Breakfast Session, Yoga Session, Bowling Session, Yacht Party, Respect Month, Open Fasting, and 

Christmas Lunch. As at 31 December 2017, we had a workforce of 1,121 employees in Affinity Group, 

72 employees in SEV and 9 employees in Sevak. Our 1,202 headcounts were distributed as follows: 

 

Sevak and SEV 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


12 

 

34%

66%

GENDER

Female

Male

55%

44%

1%

AGE

below 30

30 to 50

above 50

100

%

NATIONALITY

Indonesian

 

 

Affinity Group 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

LOCAL COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT  

 

For the longest time, this isolated rural area, Kaliorang – East Kutai (Kalimantan Inland), had no 

access to cellular network. Sevak was the first to bring network access to the people living in this 

place enhancing the standard of living for those people. While the purpose is to give back to the 

society, we have also increased our sales by approx. 19% in that area.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 








13 

 

 

Sevak embraces the philosophy of 

giving back to the community by 

encouraging proactive involvement in 

the Group’s various corporate social 

responsibility (CSR) initiatives and 

environmental conservation 

programs. Contributing time and 

resources, Sevak is committed to aid 

the development and improvement 

of the society in which we live and 

work. In FY2017, the Group has 

made donations and sponsorships in 

their respective countries.  

 

 

 

 

 






14 

 

GOVERNANCE 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The Board and the Management of Sevak are committed to the best practices in corporate 

governance to ensure sustainability of the Group’s operations. We believe that our constant drive for 

corporate excellence will allow us to establish a more transparent, accountable and equitable system, 

thereby increasing the value of the Company and its value to our shareholders. Please refer to the 

Annual Report FY2017 pages 15 to 29 for details of the Group’s Corporate Governance Report. 

 

RISK MANAGEMENT  

The Board is committed to ensuring that the Group has an effective and practical enterprise risk 

management framework in place to safeguard Shareholders’ interests, and the sustainability of the 

Group as well as provide a basis to make informed decisions having regard to the risk exposure and 

risk appetite of the Group. For detailed disclosure on our risk management, please refer to page 24 of 

our Annual Report FY2017.  

 

BUSINESS ETHICS 

All of our staff are reminded of the importance of upholding the highest standards when it comes to 

business ethics. The Group regularly updates relevant staff with development in international and 

local regulations.  

 

Whistle-blowing policy  

As approved by the Board, the Company has put in place a whistle-blowing policy which provide for 

the mechanisms by which the employees and other persons may, in confidence, raise concerns about 

possible improprieties in financial reporting or other matters. There were no reports of whistle-

blowing received for the year. 

 

 

MEMBERSHIP 

SAPE Associate 

Singapore Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry 

Singapore Manufacturing Federation 

Singapore Venture Capital &amp; Private Equity Association 

Singapore Cricket Club 

Singapore Business Federation


15 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

Sevak Limited 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

Annual report (AR) page 1, 

http://www.sevaklimited.com/services.html 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Singapore 

102-4 

Location of operations 

AR pages 8 to 9 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

AR pages 6 to 7 

102-6 

Markets served 

AR pages 8 to 9 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

AR pages 6 to 7 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Sustainability report (SR) page 12 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Our suppliers are primarily based out of 

Indonesia, Singapore, China where we are 

doing our business supplying us telecom 

operator products, our Electric Vehicles have 

been supplied to us in Singapore 

manufactured in China by BYD. 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain 

None 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Sevak supports the intent of the 

Precautionary Principle, but has not 

expressed a specific commitment 

102-12 

External initiatives 

SR page 13 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

SR page 14 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

SR page 3 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of behaviour 

SR page 14 

102-18 

Governance structure 

SR page 14, AR pages 15 to 29 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR pages 5 to 6 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR page 5 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR pages 5 to 6 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

To be reported in FY2018 report.  

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

AR pages 6 to 7 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

SR page 3 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR page 6 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

None 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None 

102-50 

Reporting period 

1 January to 31 December 2018 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

Not applicable 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the report 

SR page 3 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

This report is with reference to the GRI 

Standards (Core option). 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR pages 16 to 17 

102-56 

External Assurance 

We may seek external assurance in the 

future.  

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: 

Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

SR page 7 

GRI 204: 

Procurement 

Practices 

204-1 

Proportion of spending on local suppliers 

SR page 7 


16 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

SR page 7 

GRI 302: Energy 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organization 

SR page 8 

 GRI 307: 

Environmental 

compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

SR page 8 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number of 

work-related fatalities 

SR page 10 

GRI 404: 

Training and 

Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employee 

SR page 10 

GRI 405: 

Diversity and 

equal 

opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

SR page 11 to 12 

GRI 413: Local 

Communities 

413-1 

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programs 

SR page 13 to 14 

GRI 418: 

Customer 

Privacy 

418-1 

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 

customer 

privacy and losses of customer data 

SR page 12 to 13 

GRI 419: 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social 

and economic area 

SR page 11 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

