
1 

 

 



SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 


1 

 

  

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 

Page     

01 

BOARD STATEMENT 

2 

02 

CORPORATE PROFILE 

3 

03 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY  

5 

04 

ECONOMIC 

8 

05 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

10 

06 

SOCIAL 

12 

07 

GOVERNANCE 

25 

08 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

27 




2 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

 

We are pleased to present the annual Sustainability Report of Sevak Limited (“Sevak”, the “Company”, 

and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) for our financial year ended 31 December 2018 

(“FY2018”). This report is prepared in compliance with the requirements of Singapore Exchange 

Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Rules 711A and 711B, and references the Global Reporting 

Initiative (“GRI”) Standards, Core option. We have chosen to report using the GRI Standards because 

it is an internationally recognised reporting framework that covers a comprehensive range of 

sustainability disclosures. Moreover, the structured framework promotes reporting a full and balanced 

picture of Sevak’s material matters and the management of its impact.  

 

This report highlights the key economic, environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) related 

initiatives carried throughout a 12-month period, from 1 January 2018 to 31 December 2018. In addition 

to Sevak Limited, Singapore Electric Vehicles Pte Ltd (“SEV”), Affinity Group that we covered in our 

FY2017 report, we have included Cavu Corp Pte Ltd (“Cavu Corp”) and Bharat IT Services Limited 

(“Bharat IT”) into this year’s report. 

 

Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its stakeholders. 

As such, the key material EESG factors for the Group have been identified and cautiously reviewed by 

the management. The data and information provided have not been verified by an independent third 

party. We have relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy of data and 

information. The board of directors of the Group (the “Board”) oversees the management and 

monitoring of these factors and takes them into consideration in the determination of the Group’s 

strategic direction and policies.  

 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables 

us to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and 

suggestions to investor-relations@sevaklimited.com 

 

 

23 May 2019 

 

 

 


3 

 

CORPORATE PROFILE 

 

On 15 July 1993, the Company was incorporated in Singapore under the name of Mediacom 

Technologies Pte Ltd. Subsequently, it was converted to a public limited company on 25 October 1999, 

accompanied by a change of name to MediaRing.com Ltd.  

 

After a re-evaluation and restructuring of its business units, the Company has reinforced its focus on 

products and services in segments such as telecom value added services, high-end consumer mobility 

products as well as IT related professional and managed services. To reflect its service orientation and 

corporate culture, as it moves from “Information to Innovation”, focusing on “Services”, it has changed 

its name to “Sevak Limited” w.e.f 17 July 2018. “Sevak” is a Sanskrit word depicting “Service”. 

 

Since 1999, Sevak Limited is listed on the Main board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited and operates under the ticker symbol SGX: BAI. 

 

The Group mainly operates in the following key segments: 

 

1. Distribution of operator products and services 

The Company distributes mobile prepaid cards as authorized distributor of the well-established telecom 

operators in Indonesia like Telkomsel, Indosat, XL, Smartfren etc. (“Airtime Business”). The telecom 

operators appoints distributors and assign them specific areas in Indonesia known as “Clusters” where 

the distribution is done exclusively by the appointed distributor. Currently, the Company has a network 

of more than 30,000 resellers, 150 dealers and sub-dealers, along with a network of large number of 

branch offices and sub-branch offices in Indonesia for this business. The Telco industry is going through 

a tough phase and is hard pressed for margins. This is primarily due to a steep decline in voice based 

revenue and data based revenue not ramping up plus another disruption coming up due to operator’s 

pursuing technology based other distribution channels. This has resulted in the decline of revenue in 

Indonesia. The Company is closely watching this industry and its development in Indonesia. 

 

2. ICT Distribution and Managed Services 

The Company offers integrated one-stop ICT solutions ranging from consultancy to maintenance and 

disaster recovery services and also undertakes projects on Networking, Data Hosting, and Managed 

Service solutions. The Company has enhanced its focus on services driven business and key innovative 

offerings aligned to IBM and HP strategy to improve margins via futuristic services based offerings like 

Cloud, IOT, Server consolidation, Virtualization and other services relevant to a developed economy. 

As part of its ICT business, the company also has its operations in India. 

 


4 

 

 

3. Mobile Devices retail business and Running of Electric Vehicles 

The Company is involved in the procurement and sale of both mobile devices and related services 

through a chain of retail stores in Indonesia under the “Selular Shop” brand. The Company retails MNC 

brand Mobile devices from retail outlets but has moved away from its own brand of mobile devices 

procurement and distribution business. 

 

The Company continues its move from “Information” to “Innovation” strategy. This is a strategic move 

to focus on innovative technologies, as the information technologies may not have the desired growth 

potential. Hence, the Company is working on new areas of opportunities in Electric Vehicles 

and Software related pilots in the field of electric vehicle fleet management. 

 

The Company’s fleet of 50 BYD Battery Electric Vehicles (“BEV”), as it stands now, (as B2B taxi model) 

in the Singapore market place with alliance from App hailing services is proceeding as planned. 

 




5 

 

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT  

An important starting point in our sustainability 

journey is to identify our stakeholders and 

material aspects relevant to our business. The 

interests and requirements of key stakeholders 

are also taken into account when formulating 

corporate strategies. These key stakeholders 

include, but are not limited to, customers, 

suppliers, employees, and regulators. We adopt 

both 

formal 

and 

informal 

channels 

of 

communication to understand the needs of key 

stakeholders, and incorporate these into our 

corporate strategies to achieve mutually 

beneficial relationships. 

 

Applying the guidance from GRI Standards, we 

have identified the following material EESG 

aspects: 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY 

REPORTING PROCESS 

A summary of our sustainability reporting process is as set 

out above.  

Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Frequency  

 

Key concerns 

Suppliers 

Face-to-face meetings 

- Coordination Meeting with branch 

manager or operation level 

- Review and action plan for monthly 

target 

- Socialization product, program and 

new regulation 

- National Gathering, commitment next 

year target 

 

Daily 

 

 

Monthly 

 

Quarterly 

 

Annually 

Fair and transparent 

procurement 

 

Joint development 

 

Contracts fulfilment 

Vendor Assessment 

- KPI target 

- Agreement renewal 

 

Monthly 

1-3 years 

Awarding &amp; Reward 

Annually 

Customers 

Face-to-face meetings 

- CDMP (Coverage-Distribution-

Marketing-Product) 

- Gathering Outlet 

 

Daily 

 

Occasionally 

Quality services 

 

Rights protection 

Rebate Program (Target, Reward) 

Monthly 

Social Media (WhatsApp/LINE) 

Daily 

Marketing Hotline – Telemarketing 

Daily 

SMS blast 

Occasionally 

Plan and 

Scope

Engage 

Stakeholders

Assess 

Materiality

Collect 

Data

Report


6 

 

Stakeholders 

Engagement Platforms 

Frequency  

 

Key concerns 

Brochure, Sticker 

Occasionally 

Exhibition 

Occasionally 

Bundling Product 

Occasionally 

Employees 

Staff Appraisal 

Annually 

Guarantee of basic rights 

and interests 

 

Employee capabilities and 

career development 

 

Sense of belongings and 

recognition 

 

 

Staff Bonding Sessions 

- National Meeting 

- Cluster Gathering 

- Open Fasting on lebaran 

- Home leave transportation (EID) 

 

Annually 

Occasionally 

Annually 

Annually 

Whistle blowing policy updates 

Annually 

Bankers 

Face-to-face meetings 

Quarterly 

Business update 

Timely fulfilment of the 

financial obligations 

Lunches 

Quarterly 

Business update 

E-mails / Phone call 

Daily basis in 

operational side 

Meetings 

Quarterly 

Business update 

Local Communities 

Sponsorship 

Occasionally 

Contribution to the local 

employment and economic 

development 

 

Support for the local 

suppliers 

 

Volunteer activities 

Donations 

Occasionally 

Media 

Social Media 

- Facebook 

- Instagram 

 

Weekly 

Weekly 

 

 


7 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT  

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant aspects. Relevant aspects are then 

prioritised to identify material factors which are subject to validation. The end result of this process is 

a list of material factors disclosed in the Sustainability Report. Process of which are as shown below: 

 

 

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment during the year with the help of an external 

consultant. Going forward, materiality review will be conducted every year, incorporating inputs 

gathered from stakeholders’ engagements. 

 

In order to determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, 

environment and society and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying the guidance from GRI, we 

have identified the following as our material aspects:  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



GOVERNANCE 

 

Corporate Governance 

Enterprise Risk Management 

Business Ethics and 

Compliance 



SOCIAL  

 

Occupational Health and Safety 

Training and Education 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

Local Communities 

Customer Privacy 

Socioeconomic Compliance 



ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

Energy 

Environmental Compliance 



ECONOMIC 

 

Economic Performance 

Procurement Practice 

Anti-Corruption 

 









IDENTIFICATION

PRIORITISATION

VALIDATION

REVIEW


8 

 

ECONOMIC 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

Sevak firmly believes that focusing on financial sustainability is critical. The Company’s basic principle 

is that long-term profitability and shareholder value is ensured by taking into account the interests of 

stakeholders, such as shareholders, employees, suppliers and society as a whole.  

 

The Group recorded a turnover of S$281 million – a decrease of 19.5%  over revenue of 

corresponding year. Distribution of Operator products and services in Indonesia declined 

by 22%  during FY 2018 against corresponding FY 2017. Revenue from ICT distribution and 

managed services has also declined by 10.2%  during FY 2018 over corresponding FY 2017. 

The Group’s profit before tax has increased by S$2.7 million from S$2.1 million in FY2017 

to S$4.8 million in FY2018. 

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our Annual Report 2018: 

• 

Operational and Financial Performance Review, pages 04-05 

• 

Financial Statements, pages 49-177 

 

 




9 

 

PROCUREMENT PRACTICE 

The following chart represents our purchases that were sourced locally in FY2017 and FY2018:  

 

 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

Sevak do not tolerate any form of corruption. This has been made clear to all of our employees, our 

suppliers and our business partners. There were no incidents of corruption reported in FY2018. We will 

always ensure that there will be no incidents of corruption in the Group.  

 

Whistle-blowing policy   

As approved by the Board, the Company has put in place a whistle-blowing policy which provide for  

the mechanisms by which the employees and other persons may, in confidence, raise concerns about  

possible improprieties in financial reporting or other matters. There were no reports of whistle blowing 

received for the year. 

 

We aim to maintain zero incidents of corruption. 

98%

100%

99%

100%

47%

8%

94%

100%

99%

100%

20%

12%

0%

20%

40%

60%

80%

100%

120%

Sevak

Limited

Singapore EV

Cavu Corp

Affinity

Group

Bharat IT

(Product)

 Bharat IT

(Service)

LOCAL PURCHASES

2018

2017


10 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

ENERGY 

Sevak is fully aware of its responsibility for nurturing the environment and lessening negative 

environmental consequences at our worksites and the environment where we operate. We monitor our 

electricity consumption at our work places to ensure that we use our resources economically, 

meaningfully and responsibly.  

 

In FY2018, our total electricity consumption is as follows:  

 

 

We aim to reduce energy consumption by upgrading to less energy consuming devices. 

 

 































936,587 kwh





414,819 kwh





384,757 kwh





985,433 kwh





187,185 kwh

Total Electricity Consumption

Sevak Limited

SEV

Cavu Corp

Affinity Group

Bharat IT


11 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

We focus on creating value through our offering of products and services that minimally impact on the 

environment themselves and reduce environmental impact. 

 

For Affinity Group, we have complied with Indonesian’s government regulation (Rule No.: PP-No-101-

Tahun-2014 "Management Of Hazardous Wastes and Toxic"). We engaged a certified agent to manage 

our waste relating to mobile phones and computers according to the regulation.  

 

Per recent circular of the Indian Government, Bharat IT has complied with E-Waste (Management) 

Rules. In both FY2017 and FY2018, we have enhanced our certification with ISO No. ISO/IEC 20000-

1:2011, ISO No. ISO/IEC 27001-2013, and ISO No. ISO 9001:2015. 

 

There was no incidence of non-compliance with laws and regulations resulting in significant fines or 

sanctions in FY2018, and we endeavor to maintain this track record.  

 

We aim to maintain zero incidents of non-compliance. 


12 

 

SOCIAL 

 

Every employee plays an essential role in our company. We achieve success by promoting a 

collaborative work environment in which everyone is committed to achieve our corporate goals based 

on open and honest communications while showing care and support for each other. 

 

Our employees are the drivers of our business and we believe in creating a respectful, rewarding and 

safe working environment for our people. We support and respect the protection of internationally 

proclaimed human rights. 

 

We respect human rights, support the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour, 

especially child labour, and do not tolerate any discrimination in respect of employment and occupation. 

 

The company provides competitive remuneration based on merit to all our employees. Our employees 

are not covered by collective bargaining agreements, but are given the right to exercise freedom of 

association.  

 

Throughout the year, Sevak, SEV and Cavu Group held a range of activities to foster team-building 

such as Town Hall Meetings, Breakfast Session, Yoga Session, Bowling Session, Yacht Party, Respect 

Month, Open Fasting, Christmas Lunch, Lion Dance, Lohei Session and High Tea.  

 

 




13 

 

 

 

 








14 

 

 

 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

We are also committed to safeguarding our employees’ health and safety against any potential 

workplace hazards. The focus on health and safety is important to the Group. It is not only a 

fundamental right for our workers to be able to work in a safe environment, but when our employees’ 

wellness is attained, our productivity increases, and our best is given to our customers. By implementing 

job safety guidelines, we are committed to provide a hazard-free workplace to ensure the wellbeing of 

both our employees and environment. 

 

We have established a strict set of workplace place security and administration policies applicable to all 

employees of the Group. This policy is to ensure that no untoward incidents in the office premises due 

to insufficient awareness of security and admin measures implemented at the premises. It covers a 

standard procedure to identify and report hazards relating to occupational health and safety and ensure 

that appropriate actions are taken to manage the risks involved, such as office security, emergency 

procedures, etc. The employees are adequately trained on the policy and procedures and taking safety 

measures.  

 

In addition, we also have group insurance policies for our staff that is above the required Workman 

Compensation. This includes Group medical, hospitalization, and personal accident insurance for all 

staff, travel insurance for all business related travels. We are also certified with BizSafe Level 4 for 

Workplace Safety and Health (“WSH”) capabilities. 

 

We are proud to report that there have been no work place incidents for FY2018.  

 

We aim to achieve zero instance of work-related injury. 




15 

 

TRAININGS AND EDUCATION 

It is in the interest of the Company that career development programs are set for individual employees 

on an on-going basis based on their individual needs and goals. In FY2018, Sevak Limited sent 

employees to two IT related external trainings and one financial reporting seminar totaling 11.5 hours. 

In FY2018, Cavu Group has paid for 18 external certification courses of 18 sales and engineering staff 

to upgrade their skills, with a total of 88 training hours. In Indonesia, most of the trainings in Affinity 

Group were done by Principal to our employee for new product knowledge, sales program and new 

regulation related with Principle’s business at least once a week for about 1 hours attended by at least 

20 staff.  For Bharat IT in India, technical skills upgradation was conducted for approximately 100 hours 

per year per engineer and product training was conducted by Principals approximately 30 hours per 

year per salesperson. Soft skills training for employees about 8 hours per employee is planned by Bharat 

IT HR department.  

 

We will continue to provide trainings to our employees for their development in FY2019.  

 

 

CUSTOMER PRIVACY  

The Board is of the view that cyber security and data privacy are important in safeguarding both the 

Group’s data and that of our customers, suppliers, business partners and employees. The Group takes 

measures to guard against cyber risks, protecting confidential information for both our internal and 

external stakeholders. This also applies to our employment process where the privacy of all applicants 

is safeguarded and access to personal data is restricted to authorised personnel on a need-to-know 

basis. 

 

Privacy of Customer Communications Policy was designed and incorporated into the Group’s Code of 

Conduct to stress the privacy issue which is paramount importance and is a fundamental requirement 

in our business. With the advancement of technology, the network of Sevak will have increasingly 

greater reach and will become more interactive and accessible. While customers welcome “user-friendly” 

products and services, advances in ease of access may heighten their concerns about privacy. 

 

Our commitment to safeguard the privacy of customer communications takes on an added significance 

in our business as a data and voice service provider. Each of us must ensure that we meet this 

commitment. Except as permitted by law and Management of Sevak, any employee must not: 

• 

Disclose customer information or the location of equipment, circuits, trunks or cables to any 

unauthorized person; 

• 

Tamper with or intrude upon a voice, data and related transmission; 

• 

Listen to or repeat customer’s conversations or communications, or permit either to be 

monitored or recorded; 


16 

 

• 

Allow access to any communication transmitted by Sevak; 

• 

Install or permit anyone to install any device that enables someone to listen to, observe or 

determine that a communication has occurred. 

In FY2018, there was no complaint received from any customer regarding breach of privacy or loss of 

customer data.  

 

In Bharat IT, customer feedback was collected through letter of satisfaction from major customers on 

quality of services provided. Going forward, detailed grade for quality of services provided and concerns 

or complaints related to breach of privacy/loss or theft of customer data will be incorporated in the 

letter.  

 

We aim to achieve zero incidents of non-compliance and complaint.  

 

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

A diverse workforce is an asset in today's ever-changing global marketplace. We cultivate an inclusive 

culture where employees with wide-ranging backgrounds and qualities are highly motivated, engaged 

and connected. We do not discriminate one’s race, age, gender, religion, ethnicity, disability or 

nationality and we aim to have zero record of discrimination. We target to have zero instance of 

discrimination. 

 

As at 31 December 2018, we had a workforce of 26 (FY2017: 47) employees in SEV and 7 (FY2017:9) 

employees in Sevak, 38 employees in Cavu Group (FY2017:65), 1,009 (FY2017:1,107) employees in 

Affinity Group and 1,081 (FY2017: 1,028) employees in Bharat IT. Decrease in the total number of 

employees in SEV is primarily due to SEV has shifted the business model from drivers employment 

model to electric vehicles rental business.  The decrease in employees of Cavu Group is primarily on 

account of disposal of certain Cavu Group entities during the year 2018. Our headcounts were 

distributed as follows: 

 


17 

 

Sevak, SEV and Cavu Group 

2018 

 

2017 

 

Affinity Group 

2018








18 

 

 

2017 

 

Bharat IT 

2018 

 

2017 








19 

 

LOCAL COMMUNITIES 

Sevak embraces the philosophy of giving back to the community by encouraging proactive involvement 

in the Group’s various corporate social responsibility (“CSR”) initiatives and environmental conservation 

programs. Contributing time and resources, Sevak is committed to aid the development and 

improvement of the society in which we live and work. In both FY2017 and FY2018, the Group has 

made donations and sponsorships in their respective countries.  

 

 




20 

 

 

 

 






21 

 

 

 

Donation 

Entity/Purpose 

S$ (‘000) 

Sevak Limited 

Millennium United Cricket Club 

SIAS_7th Members Night 

Singapore Cricket Association_Elite Players Series 2 

Kamala Club -_Diwali Celebration Dinner 

Sponsorship for Red Dot 2018 Sports  Tournament 

Sponsorship to Dasara Cultural Show 

SIAS_Investor's Choice Awards 

SG Tech -_Tech industry Gala Dinner 

20 

 

Bharat IT 

Donation to Keshav Dham for construction of Naturopathy hospital 

rooms for patients 

 

 

29 

 

Affinity Group 

Donation for the earthquake, orphanage, open fasting, flood 

 

 

11 

 

 

 

 




22 

 

Awards and Certification- Cavu Group 

 

IBM Tier-1 BP (GTS) 

IBM Sliver Partner 

Lenovo PC Silver Partner 

Oracle Gold Partner 

VMware Partner Network Professional Level 

Acronis Gold Service Provider 

Check Point 2 Stars Partner 

Veeam Service Provider 

HPE Growth Reseller 2018 for Industry Standard Servers 

HPE Platinum Partner 

Huawei Enterprise Silver Partner 

Oracle Gold Partener 

 

 

Awards and Certification - Affinity Group 

 

 




23 

 

 

 






24 

 

 

 

 

 

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE  

Sevak is proud to inform that it is in compliance, in all material aspects, with all social, economic, and 

environmental rules and regulations.  

 

We aim to maintain zero incidents of non-compliance.  

 




25 

 

GOVERNANCE 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The Board and the Management of Sevak are committed to the best practices in corporate governance 

to ensure sustainability of the Group’s operations. We believe that our constant drive for corporate 

excellence will allow us to establish a more transparent, accountable and equitable system, thereby 

increasing the value of the Company and its value to our shareholders. Please refer to the Annual 

Report FY2018 pages 15 to 30 for details of the Group’s Corporate Governance Report. 

 

We will continue to comply with the Code of Corporate Governance and meet all requirements that are 

expected of us by our stakeholders. 

 

 

RISK MANAGEMENT  

The Board is committed to ensuring that the Group has an effective and practical enterprise risk 

management framework in place to safeguard Shareholders’ interests, and the sustainability of the 

Group as well as provide a basis to make informed decisions having regard to the risk exposure and 

risk appetite of the Group. For detailed disclosure on our risk management, please refer to page 24 of 

our Annual Report FY2018.  

 

We aim to review the ERM policies regularly to ensure all relevant risks are identified, communicated 

and addressed timely. 

 

 

BUSINESS ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE 

All of our staff are reminded of the importance of upholding the highest standards when it comes to 

business ethics. The Group regularly updates relevant staff with development in international and local 

regulations.  

 

Ethical business conduct is critical to the business carried on by the Company. Keeping this in mind, 

the Board of Directors of the Company have adopted the Code of Conduct and Ethics Policy which helps 

maintain the standards of business conduct for the Company and ensures compliance with the legal 

requirements. 

 

The purpose of this Code is to enhance further an ethical and transparent process in managing the 

affairs of the Company and to deter wrong doing. The matters covered in the Code are of utmost 

importance to the Company, our shareholders and business partners.  


26 

 

 

The Code of Conduct and Ethic sets out some basic guidelines that are non-negotiable for employees 

to practice, demonstrate and live during the employment with the company. It comprises of the polices 

for Reporting of Irregularities, Privacy of Customer Communications, Confidentiality of Company 

Information, the competitive position of Sevak, Gifts / Entertainment, Outside Employment &amp; Conflict 

of Interest, etc. It provides the employment standards of integrity that Sevak expects all employees to 

follow. Compliance with the Code of Conduct is a condition of employment and any violation or non-

compliance by any employee may be cause for disciplinary actions, including termination. 

 

Our target is to ensure all allegation received are promptly addressed and to maintain zero incidents of 

non-compliance.   

 

 

MEMBERSHIP 

 

Singapore Manufacturing Federation 

Singapore Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry 

Singapore Venture Capital &amp; Equity Association 

Singapore Business Federation 

Bhojpuri Association of Singapore 

Singapore Cricket Club 

 

 


27 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

Sevak Limited 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

Annual report (AR) page 1, 

http://www.sevaklimited.com/services.html 

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Singapore 

102-4 

Location of operations 

AR pages  8 to 9 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

AR pages  6 to 7 

102-6 

Markets served 

AR pages  8 to 9 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

AR pages  6 to 7 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

Sustainability report (SR) pages 16 to 18 

102-9 

Supply chain 

Our suppliers are primarily based out of 

Indonesia, Singapore, China where we are 

doing our business supplying us telecom 

operator products, our Electric Vehicles have 

been supplied to us in Singapore 

manufactured in China by BYD. 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply 

chain 

None 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

Sevak supports the intent of the 

Precautionary Principle, but has not 

expressed a specific commitment 

102-12 

External initiatives 

SR pages 19 to 21 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

SR page 26 

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

SR page 2 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of behaviour 

SR pages 25 to 26 

102-18 

Governance structure 

SR page 25, AR pages 15 to 30 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR page 6-7 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR page 5-6 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR page 5-6 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR Page 5-6 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

AR pages  6-7 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

SR page 3 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR page 8 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

None 

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None 

102-50 

Reporting period 

1 January to 31 December 2018 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

Not applicable 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the report 

SR page 2 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

SR page 2 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR pages 27 to 28 

102-56 

External Assurance 

We may seek external assurance in the 

future.  

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: 

Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

SR page 8 

GRI 204: 

Procurement 

Practices 

204-1 

Proportion of spending on local suppliers 

SR page 9 


28 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 

SR page 9 

GRI 302: Energy 

302-1 

Energy consumption within the organization 

SR page 10 

 GRI 307: 

Environmental 

compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

SR pages 11 

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and 

Safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 

diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number of 

work-related fatalities 

SR page 14 

GRI 404: 

Training and 

Education 

404-1 

Average hours of training per year per employee 

SR page 15 

GRI 405: 

Diversity and 

equal 

opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

SR pages 16 to 18 

GRI 413: Local 

Communities 

413-1 

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programs 

SR pages 19 to 21 

GRI 418: 

Customer 

Privacy 

418-1 

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 

customer 

privacy and losses of customer data 

SR page 15 

GRI 419: 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social 

and economic area 

SR page 24 

 

 

