
Sustainability Report 2020

Incorporated in Bermuda with Limited Liability

Stock Code: 69




2

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report

Leadership Message



On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present Shangri-La Asia Limited’s 2020 Sustainability 

Report.

It has been a decade since we published our first standalone report on the Group’s 

Environmental, Social &amp; Governance (ESG) performance. Just as our portfolio of hotels and 

investment properties has grown substantially during this time, so has our resolve to hold 

ourselves to higher standards in our commitment to run our businesses in an ecologically 

sustainable manner to limit the impact we make on the environment and to better serve the 

communities we operate in.

The COVID-19 global pandemic posed an existential threat not just to the hospitality and 

travel industries, but also to our very way of life. The unprecedented disruption that was 

caused to our business operations in 2020 required the Group to take exceptional measures 

to protect the people we care for and support affected local communities, while operating in 

an environmentally sustainable manner.

In response to COVID-19, the Group developed and implemented the “Shangri-La Cares” 

commitment that embodied “best-in-class” health and safety protocols in all our properties. 

This commitment guides our hotels’ unrelenting efforts to ensure the well-being and comfort 

of every guest and colleague as well as other local and international stakeholders.

I am proud that more than half of our colleagues participated in volunteering activities 

in their local communities in support of hospital workers, frontline workers, schools and 

under-privileged families. Our hotels were also privileged to have been able to provide 

complimentary meals, food packages and face masks to the underprivileged in local 

communities impacted by the pandemic.

I was extremely moved by the commitment and sacrifice of so many of our colleagues in 

Wuhan who volunteered to stay on in the hotel to care for guests who were stranded in 

the city. Going beyond the call of duty, our colleagues provided complimentary meal boxes 

to local hospitals during the city’s lockdown. They also hosted medical officers that were 

brought in from other provinces to assist in the fight against the virus, providing these medical 

heroes a warm home and Shangri-La hospitality.

Throughout the year, we maintained our commitment to Shangri-La’s signature programmes 

to care for nature and to promote biodiversity, marine life protection, and responsible 

consumption. We implemented new utility and energy management systems to improve 

energy consumption and efficiency across all our properties. We also introduced robust 

environmental management systems to integrate environmental considerations into our daily 

operations, as well as improved our waste management systems. Since the introduction of 

our single-use plastic reduction roadmap in 2019, we continued to make good progress in this 

area.

In recognition of our stakeholders’ increasing expectations for more proactive leadership on 

environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters, I am pleased to report that the Board 

has formally endorsed Shangri-La’s ESG Framework to embed the Group’s core values and 

culture into 4 key areas – the respect we have for our environment, the manner in which 

we conduct business, the care we show our people and the contributions we make to our 

communities. At the heart of our ESG Framework is our commitment to make a positive 

impact on the communities we operate in.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank my colleagues for their resilience and 

unwavering dedication during these challenging times. I am also grateful to our guests, 

business partners and shareholders for their enduring support and trust.

KUOK Hui Kwong

Chairman


3

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report

Board Statement on Environment, Social and Governance, 2020

• 

We are committed to operating in an economically, socially and environmentally sustainable manner while balancing the interests of 

diverse stakeholders in order to make a positive impact on our local communities in every location.

• 

We strive to be leaders in corporate citizenship and sustainable development; holding ourselves accountable to international standards 

in order to serve as good stewards of society and the environment.

• 

Our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Framework is underpinned by strong corporate governance, with emphasis on 

material topics for our business and our stakeholders organised into four pillars: Our Business, Our Communities, Our Environment and 

Our People.

About Shangri-La

Shangri-La Asia Limited (Shangri-La or the 

Group) is incorporated in Bermuda with 

limited liability. We are primarily listed on 

the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (HKEX) 

with a secondary listing on the Stock 

Exchange of Singapore (SGX). The Board 

of Directors is our highest governance 

body. For information about the Group’s 

financial performance and Corporate 

Governance, please refer to our 

Annual Report, which is available at 

www.shangri-la.com/group/investors/.

Shangri-La International Hotel 

Management Limited (SLIM) is a 

wholly owned subsidiary of Shangri-La 

headquartered in Hong Kong SAR with 

operations in Hong Kong SAR, Shanghai, 

Beijing, Kuala Lumpur and Singapore. It 

provides management services for our 

hotels and resorts worldwide under four 

hotel brands: Shangri-La, Kerry, JEN by 

Shangri-La, and Traders.

 

 

 

 

Leadership for Sustainable Development

Our commitment to leadership for 

sustainable development reflects the core 

values that have informed every aspect of 

our business since the first Shangri-La hotel 

was opened in Singapore in 1971. In 2020, 

Shangri-La was listed on the Hang Seng 

Corporate Sustainability Index and Dow 

Jones Sustainability Asia Pacific Index. In 

addition to participating in annual CDP 

Climate Change and Water Security 

surveys, we also subscribe to the UN 

Global Compact.
























































4

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report

About this report

This report fulfils relevant provisions of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (HKEX) Main 

Board Listing Rule 13.91 and ESG Reporting Guide, and also references GRI Standards from 

the Global Reporting Initiative. Please refer to the HKEX and GRI content indices for more 

information.

We welcome your feedback on the 

content of this report and our overall 

sustainability performance.

Please contact us at csr@shangri-la.com. 

Highlights for 2020

Our Guests

64.5% 

of guests rated  

Overall Stay Experience 5 out of 5

49,710  

instances of guest feedback were 

recorded and resolved

85 

hotels maintained ISO 22000:  

FSMS/HACCP certification for food safety

100% 

of medium and high risk F&amp;B 

suppliers fulfilled stringent 

hygiene and safety standards

Our People

Shangri-La Academy Online

41,314 

colleagues 

2.1 

million training hours

51 

hours/colleague, on average

100% of full-time employees completed:

– Code of Conduct &amp; Ethics Learning

– Global Security and Fire Life Safety Orientation

– Shangri-La Cares: COVID prevention standards

Our Environment

36 

certified green 

buildings

55% 

 

waste diversion rate

10 

active Sanctuary projects 

– Shangri-La’s Signature 

Programme for Nature

54 

species at risk of global extinction 

protected

Our Community

22,489  

volunteers

118,200+  volunteer hours

&gt;21,700 

beneficiaries of Embrace,  

Shangri-La’s Signature 

Care for People Programme

88 

hotels support Shangri-La’s 

Rooted in Nature initiative

An extraordinary year

2020 was an extraordinary year in which our ‘Shangri-La Cares’ commitment for guests, employees and communities assumed top priority due 

to the COVID-19 pandemic.

During the year, the Group took proactive steps to manage operating costs in response to social distancing restrictions and low hotel occupancy 

rates. These measures had a material impact on both our employment profile and ecological footprint but we anticipate the effects will be 

temporary pending resumption of normal business operations.


5

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020



Oman

Saudi Arabia

Bahrain

United Arab

Emirates

Sri Lanka

India

Mainland China

Myanmar

Thailand

Mongolia

Malaysia

Singapore

Indonesia

Cambodia

Philippines

Japan

Taiwan

Hong Kong SAR

As at 31 December 2020 

  Business in operation  

  Projects under development

Maldives

Sustainability Report

As at 31 December 2020 

  Business in operation  

  Projects under development

Bahrain 

Cambodia 

Phnom Penh 

Hong Kong SAR 

India 

Bengaluru  

New Delhi 

Indonesia 

Jakarta  

Surabaya 

Japan 

Tokyo 

Kyoto 

Mainland China 

Baotou  

Beihai  

Beijing   

Changchun  

Changzhou  

Chengdu  

Dalian  

Fuzhou  

Guangzhou  

Guilin  

Haikou  

Hangzhou   

Harbin  

 

Hefei  

Huhhot  

Jinan  

Kunming  

Lhasa  

Manzhouli  

Nanchang  

Nanjing  

Nanning  

Ningbo  

Putian  

Qingdao  

Qinhuangdao  

 

Qufu  

Sanya  

Shanghai   

Shangri-La  

Shenyang  

Shenzhen   

Suzhou  

Tangshan  

Tianjin  

Wenzhou  

Wuhan  

Xiamen  

Xian  

Malaysia 

Johor  

Kota Kinabalu  

Penang  

Kuala Lumpur 

Maldives 

Male  

Villingili 

Mongolia 

Ulaanbaatar 

Myanmar 

Yangon 

Oman 

Muscat 

Philippines 

Boracay  

Cebu  

Manila 

Saudi Arabia 

Jeddah 

Singapore 

Sri Lanka 

Colombo  

Hambantota 

Taiwan 

Tainan  

Taipei 

Thailand 

Bangkok  

Chiang Mai 

United Arab 

Emirates 

Abu Dhabi  

Dubai 

 

Yangzhou  

Yiwu  

Zhengzhou  

Zhoushan 

Australia 

Cairns  

Sydney  

Melbourne 

Oceania

Fiji 

Yanuca 

France 

Paris 

Turkey 

Istanbul 

Europe

United 

Kingdom 

London 

Mauritius 

Africa

Canada 

Toronto  

Vancouver 

North America



Australia

Fiji



Turkey

France

United

Kingdom



Mauritius



Canada

Scope of ESG Disclosures

In keeping with our approach in previous years, the focus of this report is on material Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) impacts of the 

Group’s hotel management services. The scope of key performance indicators (KPIs) for 2020 includes 101 properties* that were in operation 

for at least one full calendar year as of 31 December 2020. Compared with our 2019 report, the scope increased by one operating hotel—

Shangri-La Hotel Suzhou Yuanqu—which opened in 2019.

OPERATING HOTELS

Subsidiaries, including those Under 

Operating Lease

59

Associates

22

Managed

19

*  Scope of this report includes 100 operating hotels plus  

Aberdeen Marina Club, Hong Kong .

The Group’s development programmes, property rentals and property sales are not within the scope of this report. Our newest hotels, 

Shangri-La Zhoushan and Shangri-La Putian, opened in Mainland China in January and December 2020, respectively. These properties will be 

incorporated into the scope of next year’s reporting cycle.

Asia


6

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report

In 2020, the Board formally endorsed the 

Group’s ESG Framework and delegated 

responsibility for oversight to its Audit &amp; 

Risk Committee (ARC). At management 

level, an ESG Committee has been 

established to drive implementation and 

ESG Governance

The Group’s ESG Governance is 

underpinned by our Integrated Assurance 

Framework (IAF). Our hotels, properties, 

regions and corporate headquarters 

contribute to Four Lines of Defence (LODs) 

in order to collectively provide assurance 

to the Board and our shareholders that the 

Group’s key risks and material issues are 

being managed effectively.

ESG Governance Hierarchy

ESG 

Management 

Committee

Hotels and investment 

properties

Board

ensure accountability for performance 

against ESG targets across the Group. The 

ESG Committee is chaired by the Group 

CEO and comprised of representatives 

from all operating divisions. It will report 

its work to the Board on an annual basis.

Provides oversight of the Group’s ESG framework, endorses management’s ESG strategy and approach 

and receives assurance from Management on progress towards agreed goals and targets.

Executes the Group’s ESG framework, including identification of suitable ESG goals and targets 

and assignment of ownership and responsibility for pursuing them; Reviews progress and 

reports to the Board.

Implements the Group’s ESG policies and initiatives; performance is assessed holistically 

with respect to the Group’s ESG goals and targets through our Balanced Score Card.

Monitoring and evaluation

In our approach to ESG Governance, 

the Group continues to strike a balance 

between centralised control and adaptable, 

flexible decision-making by enabling our 

hotels and properties to take ownership 

for their ESG initiatives and performance. 

Our Balanced Score Card (BSC) is a 

strategic management tool for evaluating 

the performance of our hotels in a holistic 

way, incorporating KPIs for Our People, 

Our Guests and Our Community as well 

as Our Business. We also monitor hotels’ 

environmental performance with respect 

to targets for reducing their ecological 

footprint.

ESG Key Performance Indicators

Our Business

• 

Revenue &amp; profitability

• 

Business forecasting

Our Guests

• 

Guest satisfaction

• 

Safety &amp; security

Balanced Score Card KPIs

Other ESG KPIs 

(under development for 2021)

Our People

• 

Succession planning

• 

Core Learning &amp; Shared 

Values

Our Community

• 

Volunteerism

• 

Community 

engagement

Our Environment

• 

Energy, water and carbon

• 

Waste

• 

Plastic reduction

• 

Women and children

Sustainability at Shangri-La


7

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report

We completed our first comprehensive 

materiality assessment for the purpose of 

ESG reporting in 2012 and updated the list 

of material issues for our hotels in 2019 to 

ensure alignment with our IAF. Please refer 

to our 2019 Sustainability Report for more 

information.

Our approach to prioritising ESG issues 

reflects stakeholders’ expectations and 

priorities for sustainable development. We 

seek feedback from our guests and actively 

engage with colleagues and representatives 

of our local communities. In addition 

to meeting regularly with investors and 

responding to their queries, we participate 

in external surveys such as the Dow Jones 

and Hang Seng Sustainability Indexes and 

CDP, which allow us to benchmark our 

performance with respect to local and 

international peers in the hospitality, real 

estate and other sectors.

In 2020, we reflected on key changes to 

the ESG Guide and related Listing Rules 

issued by HKEX in order to ensure that 

we will continue to comply fully with its 

requirements.

Upholding our Core Values

Shangri-La is committed to upholding the 

core values of Integrity, Fairness, Respect, 

Ethical business conduct and Excellence 

in service that define our reputation and 

brand. Our Code of Conduct and Ethics 

reaffirms and promotes these values by 

setting out high standards of behaviour for 

our directors, officers and employees in the 

performance of their duties. In all places we 

do business, we conduct our affairs in full 

compliance with applicable laws, rules and 

regulations. We have a whistleblowing and 

whistle-blower protection policy in place 

to support anyone who wishes to come 

forwards with a query or complaint.

In 2020, 100% of our colleagues 

completed and passed our Essential 

Learning programme on the Code of 

Conduct &amp; Ethics. We are not aware of any 

instances of non-compliance with laws 

and regulations that have a significant 

bearing on the performance of the Group.

Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality



As a signatory to the UN Global Compact, the Group is committed to upholding fundamental human rights. To ensure 

proper respect for human rights throughout our supply chain, we insist that our suppliers must implement fair, humane 

and non-discriminatory employment practices, treat their employees fairly, and respect diversity and inclusion. We 

do not condone any form of slavery, human trafficking or forced labour, including coerced, bonded, indentured or child 

labour.



Hygiene &amp; Disinfection Certification 

programme training



Upcycle hotel linen into reusable face masks 

for local communities



Achieving shared goals: Working with Diversey to make a difference

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, Shangri-La was the first hotel group to 

implement a hygiene and disinfection certification programme in partnership with an 

independent services provider. Throughout 2020, we worked closely with our valued, 

long-term supply chain partner, Diversey, to design and implement Shangri-La’s Official 

Certification Programme on Hygiene &amp; Disinfection. The course covers personal 

hygiene and the correct use of preventative equipment, approved cleaning products 

and tools, as well as detailed disinfection and inspection process flows.

Shangri-La’s partnership with Diversey goes 

back many years and reaches far beyond 

the daily operations of our hotels into the 

communities we serve. In 2020, 21 of our 

hotels in Southeast Asia and Sri Lanka 

partnered with Diversey to upcycle 12,500 

kg of hotel linen into more than 500,000 

reusable face masks for donation to local 

communities.


8

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report

Partnerships for sustainable development

The Group works with over 20,000 

suppliers of goods and services, of which 

about one third are based in China. We 

require our suppliers, their employees, 

subsidiaries, affiliates and sub-contractors 

to uphold the Group’s core values 

by adhering to ethically, socially and 

environmentally responsible business 

practices as outlined in our Supplier 

Code of Conduct. Failure to comply with 

any provision of this code may result in 

termination of our business relationship. At 

the same time, we actively seek out supply 

chain partners with strong credentials 

whose practices go well beyond our 

minimum requirements.

Responsible Business in our Supplier Code of Conduct (updated February 2020)

• Compliance with Laws &amp; 

Regulations

• Product Quality &amp;  

Safety

• Business Integrity &amp;  

Ethics

• Labour Standards &amp;  

Practices

• Environmental  

Protection

• Community Engagement

• Anti-corruption

• Record Keeping

• Confidentiality &amp; Data 

Protection

• Respect for Intellectual 

Property Rights

OUR GUESTS

At Shangri-La, it is in our nature to look after people, to anticipate their needs and to care for 

them. In 2020, our “Shangri-La Cares” commitment assumed even greater significance due to 

the COVID-19 pandemic.

Trusted and Nurturing

The Group has well-established policies in place to safeguard the safety of our guests, including but not limited to hygiene and disinfection, food 

and fire life safety, conflict resolution, crime prevention, medical emergencies, and privacy and data protection. All hotels are subject to annual 

audits to verify their compliance with the Group’s standards and procedures.

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have rolled out enhanced 

hygiene protocols across the Group to comply with recommendations 

from the World Health Organisation and other local directives. 

In addition to equipping our colleagues with personal protective 

equipment, we enhanced our training, learning and development 

resources on essential preparatory and prevention measures in order 

to reinforce our strong culture of health and safety.

As part of our comprehensive monitoring and compliance regime, 

Group Hygiene Quality Teams (HQT) utilise a specially developed 

smart phone app to record and report the results of cleanliness 

inspections in all hotels. This data is tabulated at group-level in a 

dynamic dashboard to facilitate transparency and accountability for 

strict adherence to high standards. We will continue to review and 

improve our practices as the situation evolves towards the “new 

normal”.

Enhanced hygiene protocols in place throughout our hotels



Deep cleaning of high- 

touch surfaces



Medical grade sanitisers  

and disinfectants



Optimal air quality



Physical distancing and 

enhanced food safety



“Shangri-La Cares” commitment

The “Shangri-La Cares” commitment: Elevating our culture of health and safety to new heights


9

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report

Food Safety

We are committed to safeguarding food safety in accordance with Shangri-La’s 

comprehensive food safety management system. Shangri-La’s supplier management 

programme has been implemented throughout our business to ensure that food and beverage 

(F&amp;B) suppliers meet stringent requirements for hygiene and food safety.

Strict Enforcement of Food Safety Standards

100% of medium and high risk F&amp;B suppliers are affirmed to meet our stringent 

requirements, including

Method 1

Proof of Certification

e.g. ISO22000 / GFSI 

recognised schemes

or

Method 2

Independent 

third-party audit

or

Method 3

Hotel hygiene audit

(applicable for small-scale 

suppliers)

Fire Life Safety

Shangri-La’s standards for Fire Life Safety (FLS) reference the USA National Fire Protection 

Association’s regulations and other relevant codes for the countries in which we operate. 

Each hotel has appointed at least one FLS manager with responsibility for monitoring 

and maintaining our FLS systems in accordance with group standards and local code 

requirements.

Security and Emergencies

Cross-functional emergency response teams are on duty in our hotels 24 hours a day, 7 days 

a week. Together with our Group Business Continuity Plan, the Group’s standard operating 

and emergency response procedures help to guarantee the highest standards of security for 

our guests, colleagues and visitors. We also have a group-wide Security and Safety Reporting 

System (SSRS) in place to facilitate timely reporting and management of every incident.

Data Protection

Shangri-La’s Global Privacy and Data Protection Policy sets out our commitment to 

safeguarding the personal information of our guests, including respect for data privacy in full 

compliance with relevant laws and regulations, such as the European Union’s General Data 

Protection Regulation.

85 

Hotels with ISO22000:  

Food Safety Management 

 

System/HACCP


10

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report

Guest Experience

As part of our ESG strategy, we strive to ensure that feedback from our guests always receives the priority it deserves. We track guest 

satisfaction through our Balanced Score Card and utilise this data when conducting regular reviews of our hotels’ and colleagues’ performance. 

As part of our basic programme, all colleagues receive training on problem handling and guest recovery. We empower our colleagues to resolve 

issues as they arise in order to delight our guests and build their loyalty to our brand.

Since 2018, we have implemented an independent comprehensive feedback measuring tool called TrustYou to help us evaluate guest 

satisfaction dynamically. It combines internal and external ratings data with an evaluation of our hotels’ performance relative to competitors 

in each market. Our Post-Stay Guest Survey gathers information on Overall Stay Experience (OSE), which feeds into each hotel’s TrustYou 

CompIndex score.

Key Drivers for Overall Stay Experience

• 

Our People 

• 

Overall Arrival 

• 

Overall Departure 

• 

Overall Breakfast 

• 

Overall Guest Room &amp; Bathroom

2018

2019

2020

 

 

 

 

Top-box OSE ratings across all hotels*

60.5%

63.0%

64.5%

Post-Stay Guest Survey rate**

15.6%

15.8%

15.0%

* 

The percentage of ratings that are 5 out of 5. This measure reflects the number of “truly delighted” guests.

** 

The number of completed surveys divided by total survey invitations sent to guests with an email address upon check-out.

We have a Guest Defect Tracking System in place known as DR3, which stands for Defect Reporting, Recording and Resolution. Every guest 

complaint must be entered in the system so that we can monitor defect trends and implement action plans to reduce their reoccurrence with 

the ultimate objective of eliminating every defect. In 2020, there were 49,710 guest defects reported. The top three types of defect concerned 

guest room air-conditioning, food taste and noise.


11

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report

OUR PEOPLE

We face a range of material issues related 

to human resources in our hotels, including 

talent acquisition and retention, training 

and development, succession planning, 

employee engagement and occupational 

health and safety. In every applicable 

jurisdiction, the Group complies with 

local laws and regulations governing 

employment, remuneration and benefits 

among others.

Caring for our Colleagues

Shangri-La has always prioritised the health, 

safety and well-being of our workforce. 

This is a commitment that we have proudly 

upheld in spite of additional challenges 

associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Every hotel has an Occupational Health and 

Safety (OHS) management system in place 

covering all employees and other workers 

within the hotel’s premises. Our Group OHS 

Implementation Manual provides guidance 

to hotels on how to prepare and implement 

their OHS Management Systems in 

accordance with internationally recognised 

standards such as OHSAS 18001 in order 

to ensure continuous improvement in OHS 

performance.

Recognising the threat posed by COVID-19 

to our workforce, we implemented 

effective prevention and control measures 

throughout the Group in early 2020 to 

minimise the risk of cross-infection in our 

workplaces. For their safety, our front-line 

colleagues were provided with personal 

protective equipment, hygiene kits, and 

underwent regular health screening. Strict 

workplace hygiene, social distancing and 

infection control policies including the 

mandatory use of face masks, split team 

working arrangements and staggered 

mealtimes were implemented at all 

properties.

During the year, a number of our 

colleagues were personally impacted 

by COVID-19 infection or close contact 

with confirmed cases. We provided paid 

sick leave and offered our full support, 

including psychological counselling. In 

one particularly heart-warming instance, 

we were able to step in and provide care 

for the child of a colleague in Wuhan 

when she and all adult members of her 

family were taken into central isolation 

for treatment and quarantine by local 

authorities.

Clock In, Get In: Keeping connected and healthy in lockdown



A colleague from Shangri-La Beijing 

joined the “Clock In Get In” session 

from home

In early 2020, government lockdown orders required many of our colleagues to remain at home rather 

than report for duty in our hotels and offices. In order to keep our workforce engaged and connected 

during this challenging time, we launched a special on-line learning programme covering a range of 

core functional areas in hotel operations, such as culinary skills, customer service, foreign language 

learning and office administration. We also added multimedia learning resources to our Shangri-La 

Academy Online library focused on staying healthy in body and mind during the pandemic. Thousands 

of colleagues made the most of this unprecedented opportunity to pursue self-directed learning and 

enhance self-care.

Self-care Topics in our “Live Well” Learning Series

 

 

 

 

 

 Exploring Anxiety

 

 

 

 

 

 Exploring Positive Habits

 

 

 

 

 

 Self-Discovery through Mindfulness

 

 

 

 

 

 Developing Self


12

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report

Learning &amp; Development

We foster a culture of active learning throughout our organisation. Every hotel, regional and corporate office has an annual budget amounting to 

2% of payroll cost for learning and development initiatives, including essential, functional and leadership programmes, subscriptions for digital 

content from the Shangri-La Academy Learning Management System, on-the-job learning, and participation in internal or external workshops.

We are continually reviewing and improving our training resources to ensure they are relevant and effective. In addition to using e-assessment 

to validate colleagues’ experiences, we collect data from participants for course evaluation. To ensure consistency across the Group, our hotels 

maintain complete records of learning and development activities for all colleagues, which are subject to regular audits by our Corporate HR 

division.

Essential Elements of our Culture of Learning

Core Learning

Goal: Ensuring consistently high standards

• 100% of eligible colleagues must complete and pass our core learning programmes (Code of Conduct*, Hotel Security, 

Food Safety, Fire Life Safety and Information Security)

• 5 – 21 days/colleague/year (depending on role and level of employment)

Shangri-La Academy 

Online

Goal: Digital learning anytime, anywhere

• 460 e-learning programmes

• &gt; 1,500 multimedia files

• &gt; 2,108,700 training hours completed in 2020 by 41,314 colleagues

• 51 online training hours per colleague per year on average

Nurturing Talent

Goal: Succession planning

• Leadership teams are responsible for identifying and stewarding the development of high potentials in each hotel

• Leadership development programmes for colleagues at various management levels

* 

Includes anti-corruption training

In 2020, 100% of full-time employees completed and passed our Global Security Orientation, Fire Life Safety Orientation and newly introduced 

Shangri-La Cares: COVID Prevention Standards Training Programme. In addition, 34,635 employees who handle food services completed and 

passed the Shangri-La Food Safety course. During the year, we developed and introduced 103 new courses to Shangri-La Academy Online. Every 

course has a duration of between 20 to 45 minutes. In addition, 44 of our Essential and Functional courses are delivered in a blended format, 

which supplements the virtual classroom experience with practical on-the-job training and mentoring programmes within our hotels.


13

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report

Shangri-La Academy Online participation 

in 2020

(# colleagues)

&gt;21,800

 

 

Essential courses 

(related to safety and compliance)

4,162  

Functional courses

(related to skills development)

61  

Leadership courses

(related to nurturing talent)

Employment Profile

We value and appreciate the hard work, dedication and contributions of every colleague. In 

2020, we undertook extensive organisational restructuring; streamlining operational and 

human resource costs at our headquarters and in our hotels. Board members, management 

team members and other colleagues accepted voluntary salary reductions. Headcount 

reductions were also made as a measure of last resort. We are doing our best to assist 

affected colleagues during this difficult transition by offering counselling and assistance 

in-job service.

42,300

 

 

Employees

9%

reduction in total headcount  

(year on year)

19%

average voluntary turnover rate

Diversity and Equal Opportunities

43%

of our colleagues are female, 

overall

34%

Top Managers who are 

female (VP level and above)

39%

Junior Managers who are 

female (Levels M4 – M6)

Opportunities for People with Disabilities (PWDs)

632

PWDs employed

1.5%

hotel headcount

Profile of our People*

Number

Share of total

 

 

 

 

Total Employees

42,300

100%

By Age group

Under 30 years

13,536

32%

30 – 50 years

22,842

54%

Over 50 years

5,922

14%

By Region

Mainland China &amp; Hong Kong SAR

23,688

56%

Rest of World

18,612

44%

By Gender

Male

24,075

57%

Female

18,225

43%

* 

Employees are defined as workers in an employment relationship with the Group, including permanent and contract employees (full time and part time).


14

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report

New Hires*

Number

Rate

 

 

 

 

Total Newly Hired Employees

3,732

9%

By Age group

Under 30 years

2,836

7%

30 – 50 years

784

2%

Over 50 years

112

0%

By Region

Mainland China &amp; Hong Kong SAR

3,284

8%

Rest of World

448

1%

By Gender

Male

1,941

5%

Female

1,791

4%

* 

Method for calculation of rates: Number of employees in the sub-category during the reporting period divided by total headcount at the end of the reporting 

period.

Statement on Equal Opportunities

At Shangri-La, we are committed to ensuring that our workplaces embrace diversity and are free from discrimination on the basis of gender, race, 

religion, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, family status or any other personal characteristics. We do not condone harassment or any 

form of conduct that may cause our colleagues to feel embarrassed or uncomfortable at work.

OUR ENVIRONMENT

Our name, Shangri-La, evokes images of a mystical earthly paradise. The significance of 

this name is underpinned by two integral elements of our Asian heritage: respect for the 

environment and deep appreciation of natural beauty. In every place we operate, our hotels 

aspire to live up to our name and our heritage by providing stewardship for harmony with 

nature.

Mitigating our Environmental Impacts

We invest in green buildings certified to local and international standards, and also implement 

robust Environmental Management Systems (EMS) to integrate environmental considerations 

into the daily operations of our hotels.

17  

Leadership in Energy 

and Environmental 

Design (LEED) certified hotels

19  

properties with 

other locally relevant 

certifications e.g. China Green 

Hotel and Green Hotel (Malaysia)

36  

green building 

certifications


15

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report

Improving eco-efficiency of our portfolio: Monitoring performance against targets

2020 was intended to be the final year of assessment for group-wide ecological footprint targets that we introduced in 2015. At that time, we 

challenged our hotels to reduce the energy, water and carbon intensities of their operations by 15% over five years, which amounts to 3% per 

year from 2015 – 2020. The denominator for the intensity metric used in evaluating each hotels’ performance is a ‘business unit’ measuring 

guest occupancy.

Due to low occupancy rates and extraordinary operating conditions in 2020, the intensity metric calculations for our hotels this year is 

fundamentally not comparable with previous years. We are therefore unable to conclude our evaluation of performance against 2020 targets. 

As previously reported in last year’s report, between 2015 and 2019 the energy, water and carbon intensities of our portfolio declined by 10.0%, 

3.6% and 8.9%, respectively. Even though we did not achieve the 12% reduction targets over 4 years that we had established for each of these 

metrics, the improvement in eco-efficiency is still significant. Next year, we plan to announce new performance targets for environmental 

impacts going forwards.

2019 vs 2015: Reductions in our ecological footprint

10.0% 

Energy use intensity (kWh/BU)

3.6%

Water use intensity (CBM/BU)

8.9%

Scope 1&amp;2 GHG emissions intensity (kgCO2e/BU)*

Within the scope of this report, our hotels consumed 1,332 gigawatt-hours (GWh) of energy and 11,780 mega-litres (ML) of water, and Scope 

1 &amp; 2 GHG emissions amounted to 734 kilo-tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (ktCO2e) in 2020. During the year, the Group took proactive 

measures to manage operating costs, including temporary closure of some hotels and resorts. As a result, KPIs for the environmental footprint of 

our portfolio declined substantially year on year. We expect the decline to be temporary, pending the resumption of normal business operations 

in 2021 and beyond.

Total Energy in gigawatt-hours

Total Water in mega-litres

Total Greenhouse Gas Emissions in 

kilo-tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent

1,332 GWh in 2020

32% year on year

11,780 ML in 2020

35% year on year

734 

KT CO2e in 2020

30% year on year

0

500

1,000

1,500

2,000

2,500

1,763

1,877

1,929

2,035

1,953

1,332

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

0

5,000

10,000

15,000

20,000

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

15,283

16,149

17,606

18,234

18,056

11,780

0

200

400

600

800

1,000

1,200

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

939

1,000

1,029

1,087

1,048

734


16

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report

Taking Action in Response to Climate Change

Shangri-La recognises climate change as one of the greatest sustainability challenges facing our business and the communities we serve. As 

we look forwards toward business recovery, we will further enhance the eco-efficiency of our operations and strengthen the resilience of our 

portfolio to climate-related risks. Our hotels strive to continually improve their environmental performance. Many have implemented energy and 

water saving technologies and initiatives to reduce consumption of these precious resources.

Energy

In addition to purchased electricity, heat and chilled water, our hotels consume fossil fuels such as natural gas, diesel and LPG for heating, 

standby electricity or cooking. Combustion of fossil fuels results in some local air emissions, namely NOx, SOx and Particulate Matter (PM), 

however these are not sizeable enough to warrant disclosure.

To reduce both emissions and purchased energy costs, some hotels produce small amounts of renewable energy from roof-top solar 

installations for both hot water and electricity.

Across the Group, we are currently working on utility saving initiatives that could reduce annual energy consumption and operating costs 

by an estimated US$59.5 million. These projects include variable control strategies for major systems, hot water system upgrades, energy 

benchmarking and a low-load energy efficiency strategy.

Energy Mix

GWh

Share

 

 

 

Purchased electricity

782.04

59%

Natural gas

325.04

24%

Diesel

91.36

7%

Purchased heat

78.80

6%

LPG

32.44

3%

Chilled water

16.89

1%

Gasoline

4.57

&lt;1%

Coal

0.55

&lt;1%

Water

Water accounts for a significant portion of our hotels’ utility bills, with many relying on municipal service providers not only to purchase 

freshwater but also to dispose of wastewater. To ensure compliance with local regulations and provide data for accurate calculation of Scope 1 

GHG emissions, the Group monitors Biological Oxygen Demand (BOD) content of effluents from hotels.

We have made substantial investments to mitigate the impact of our hotels on availability of freshwater in ecologically sensitive regions. Our 

resorts in Boracay, Cebu, and the Maldives for example, operate desalination plants using groundwater or seawater to produce freshwater for 

consumption. In the Sultanate of Oman, Maldives and Mauritius our resorts recycle water for irrigation, washing of external surfaces and other 

suitable purposes.

Climate Change 2020





In 2020, we continued to improve our CDP scores for water security 

and climate change. We participate annually in the CDP reporting 

process in order to promote full transparency and accountability for 

our environmental performance. For more information, please refer 

to our recent survey response and results on the CDP website.

Water Security 2020




17

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report

Investing in the future: Retrofit enhances eco-efficiency at Island Shangri-La, Hong Kong

In December 2020, Island Shangri-La, Hong Kong unveiled an eco-friendly water filtering system as part of 

the brand new retrofit for its Horizon Club Harbour View rooms and suites. Guests immediately remarked 

on the convenience of the new system, which displaces the traditional in-room kettle and plastic water 

bottles with instant hot, boiling and cold water at the turn of a tap.

From an environmental point of view, this relatively small and yet revolutionary initiative provides a glimpse 

at the future of continual eco-efficiency improvements in our hotels. The new system makes better use of 

space, electricity and water by delivering just the right amount on demand. We estimate that up to 45,000 

plastic bottles will be saved per year as a result of this investment.

Waste Management

Our hotels strive to reduce the amount of waste that ends up in landfills through waste prevention and recycling. To avoid unnecessary paper 

waste, many hotels have implemented paperless check-in.

55% 

waste diversion rate from landfills

(non-hazardous waste)

58% 

waste diversion rate from landfills

(non-hazardous waste)

94

hotels implement paperless check-in

In 2020, the amount of non-hazardous waste sent to landfills by our hotels declined by more than half compared with 2019, primarily as a result 

of reduced hotel occupancy and fewer food covers. This category of waste includes food waste, paper and cardboard, plastics, metals, glass 

and others such as room amenities and linens. Our hotels also produce small quantities of hazardous waste, which is disposed of responsibly in 

accordance with locally applicable regulations and procedures. In 2020, our hotels recorded 113.8 tonnes of hazardous waste, including paints, 

chemicals and used oil, batteries, retired light fittings and electrical equipment.

Non-Hazardous Waste in kilo-tonnes*

2018

2019

2020

2020 vs 2019

 

 

 

 

 

Number of hotels reporting

102

100

101

Total

50.6

48.5

26.1

–46%

 To landfill

33.8

27.5

11.6

–58%

 Diverted

16.8

21.0

14.5

–31%

Diversion Rate e.g. energy recovery and recycling

33%

43%

55%

* 

In our 2019 report, we erroneously indicated that our waste was reported in tonnes when the correct metric is kilo-tonnes i.e. ‘000 tonnes.

Some of our hotels have difficulty collecting and disclosing data about the amount, composition and disposal of waste streams, often because 

third-party waste management contractors are unable to provide this information. When more accurate data is not available, our hotels make 

estimations based on waste volume.



Water filtering system


18

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report

Tackling food waste

Kitchen waste is our most significant sub-category of waste by weight. Our hotels are taking primary steps to avoid food waste at source 

by reducing overproduction through better planning, storage and handling. We also take secondary steps to recycle unavoidable food waste 

through energy recovery and composting.

Kitchen Waste in kilo-tonnes

2018

2019

2020

2020 vs 2019

 

 

 

 

 

Total

26.3

21.9

9.7*

–56%

 To landfill

14.9

8.1

1.6

–81%

 Diverted e.g. energy recovery and composting

11.4

13.9

8.2

–41%

* 

Sum does not total due to rounding.

Reducing Single Use Plastics: Commendable progress continues to be made

In 2019, Shangri-La introduced a plastic reduction roadmap for eliminating unnecessary consumption of single-use plastic items in our hotels. 

While combating plastic waste continues to be a high priority for our ESG strategy, hygiene and safety considerations had to precedence in 2020 

in light of the risks posed by the global COVID-19 pandemic.





Despite the challenges, Shangri-La 

Zhoushan has nonetheless 

continued to make commendable 

progress on reducing single-use 

plastic items by installing drinking 

water systems in its guestrooms 

and replacing single-use 

miniatures with bulk-size toiletry 

bottles for bath gel, shampoo and 

conditioner.

Across the group, 14 properties 

have switched to serving in-room 

water in glass bottles and mugs 

rather than disposable plastic 

containers.

12,200 +

plastic toiletry bottles saved per year

10,000 +

plastic water bottles saved per year

28

guest rooms


19

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report

Biodiversity and Conservation

Shangri-La is proud to invest in some of the most beautiful and ecologically diverse regions of the world. In 2020, our hotels and resorts worked 

with local communities to help protect and conserve their natural habitats under the banner of 10 active Sanctuary projects, Shangri-La’s 

Signature Programme for Nature.

$51,000 

project investment worldwide

54 

species at risk of global 

extinction protected

974 

students engaged in 

environmental education

100 

mangroves planted

1,057 

colleagues volunteered for 

conservation activities

5,500 

turtle hatchlings released

137 

corals planted

515 

fish houses dropped

Sanctuary at a Glance

 

 

2,275

1,318

3,009

Hambantota

Kota Kinabalu

Penang

Muscat

Cebu

Boracay

Hong Kong SAR

Yanuca

Students outreached

Mangrove saplings planted

Colleagues volunteered

Coral planting

Clownfish Care

Nature reserve 

Key Initiatives

Turtle Care

Care for

Horseshoe Crab 

 

 

2 275

1 318

3 009

Hambantota

Kota Kinabalu

Penang

Muscat

Cebu

Boracay

Hong Kong SAR

Yanuca

Coral planting

Clownfish Care

Nature reserve 

Key Initiatives

Turtle Care

Care for

Horseshoe Crab 


20

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report

Sanctuary for endangered turtles: Shangri-La’s Care for Nature project in Oman

1,225

volunteer hours (2017-2020)

44,204

turtle hatchlings released

9

years of project 

implementation

$65,758

project 

investment

1,318

3,009

1,541

684

Hambantota

Kota Kinabalu

Penang

Cebu

Boracay

Yanuca

Mangrove saplings planted

Colleagues volunteered

Corals planted*

Fish houses dropped

ownfish Care

Nature reserve 

Turtle Care

Care for

Horseshoe Crab 

Shangri-La Barr Al Jissah Resort &amp; Spa is home to one of only five 

turtle nesting sites in Oman; hosting up to 100 turtle nests each 

year. Our Turtle Care Project focuses on ensuring the safety of the 

endangered hawksbill and green turtles species that are native to 

the beautiful beaches of this area.

In 2020, the resort recorded over 50 nests containing 5,000 

eggs. The first group of hatchlings were welcomed on April 19 – 

leaving the comfort of their shells to crawl towards the ocean and 

embark on adventures around the world. The resort’s dedicated 

turtle ranger ensures the nests are sheltered from threats 

and raises awareness about the plight of these extraordinary 

creatures through educational activities for our guests and local 

communities.

Protecting an ancient species: Aberdeen Marina Club’s Care for Horseshoe Crabs

 

 

1,318

009

,541

684

Kota Kinabalu

Penang

Cebu

Boracay

Hong Kong SAR

Yanuca

Mangrove saplings planted

gues volunteered

rals planted*

Fish houses dropped

Nature reserve 

Turtle Care

Care for

Horseshoe Crab 

5

years project 

commitment

2,583 

volunteer hours

24

baby crabs fostered 

and released

$31,000

project investment

Having survived more than 300 million years, scientists believe that horseshoe crabs are one of the 

most ancient species on the planet – predating even the dinosaurs! Today, major threats to their 

continued survival include habitat loss and over-harvesting, especially in areas of high seafood 

consumption such as the South China coast.

The Aberdeen Marina Club in Hong Kong SAR has partnered with Ocean Park Conservation Fund to 

implement a Juvenile Horseshoe Crab Rearing Programme. We aim to help increase their survival rate 

in local waters by rearing young crabs into adulthood before releasing them into the wild. Baby crabs 

are fostered by our colleagues at the Club for six months, during which time we feed them daily, clean 

and maintain their living environment, and monitor their health status.

In March 2020, seven crabs were returned into their natural habitat in the mudflats at Pak Nai, Yuen 

Long. Since 2016, the Club has raised 24 baby horseshoe crabs, 22 of which have been successfully 

released.



Aberdeen Marina Club is committed to working with partners to protect Hong 

Kong’s Horseshoe Crabs



Turtle hatchlings make their way 

towards the ocean


21

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report

OUR COMMUNITY

At Shangri-La, we are proud to be part of the community in every location that we call home. 

We work collaboratively to benefit local people by helping to promote local produce, culture 

and cuisine in ecological balance with the natural world. Ownership of Corporate Social 

Responsibility (CSR) initiatives are deeply embedded within the management structure of our 

hotels. We encourage each hotel to identify local stakeholders and implement community 

outreach initiatives in response to local needs.

Surviving the pandemic: Combating COVID-19 together

2020 has been a challenging year for us all; and especially so for people working on the frontline to combat COVID-19 and vulnerable people 

with little or no resources to fall back on. From donating essential supplies to hosting medical professionals in our hotels for a well-deserved 

break, Shangri-La has extended hospitality from the heart to support our local communities survive this global pandemic.

In the early days of the outbreak, Shangri-La Hotel, 

Wuhan provided complimentary meal boxes to local 

hospitals during the city-wide lockdown.

– Up to 30,000 meal boxes

– 4 local hospitals

On International Nurses Day in May, 51 hotels across 

Mainland China delivered thank-you cards and meal 

boxes to frontline medical workers.

– 15,000+ medical workers

– 39 cities











Medical professionals received 

complimentary stays at our hotels the 

Middle East, India, Indian Ocean, Europe and 

Americas.

– 100 room nights

– 14 hotels

Colleagues from our Hong Kong headquarters 

and hotels packed and distributed food 

parcels for underprivileged families.

– 16,800+ healthy food packs

– 4,000+ households

In Singapore, our hotels recycled their unused  

stock into soap bars for migrant workers 

staying in government quarantine centres.

– 2,000 kg soap recycled

– 15,000 soap bars donated


22

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report

Long-term Relationships

Despite the impact of social distancing restrictions, more than half of our colleagues (52%) 

participated in volunteering activities in 2020. Our volunteer leave policy encourages and 

recognises active participation. All permanent employees and trainees are eligible to take up 

to 8 hours of volunteer leave per year and there are many meaningful opportunities for them 

to contribute through Embrace and Sanctuary, Shangri-La’s signature CSR projects, as well as 

other community investment initiatives lead by our hotels.

22,489

volunteers

2,000+

volunteer activities

118,200+

volunteer hours

145 

children received surgery  

to rectify hip dislocation

139 

children received surgery  

to correct congenital heart defects



In April, Little Tsering from Ganzi 

Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture 

in Sichuan Province received 

surgery to correct displacement in 

his right hip. He has subsequently 

made a strong recovery.

Wrapping up: Concluding Ride for Hope 3 

(2018-2020)

Back in 2018, colleagues, guests and local partners 

from 30 hotels in China raised RMB 5.7 million to help 

children with hip dislocation and heart disease through 

a community outreach programme called Ride for Hope 3.

In collaboration with the Ai You Foundation’s Morning 

Star Project, this initiative has made it possible for 

284 orphaned and financially disadvantaged children 

to receive life-changing surgeries over the past three years.


23

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report

Embrace, Shangri-La’s Care for People Project

Embrace, Shangri-La’s Care for People Project since 2009, promotes health, wellbeing and/or 

education in local communities. Many of our hotels have formed long-standing partnerships 

in order to provide children and young adults with life-changing educational opportunities or 

health services. We also offer skills training for young people through Embrace++.

14

job placements

$735,000

project expenses

76

projects

&gt;21,700

beneficiaries

477

internships and 

apprenticeships

Hearing The World: Embracing young children with 

impaired hearing

Since 2015, Shangri-La Hotel, Suzhou has partnered with Suzhou Jiayue 

Early Intervention Center to implement our Embrace project entitled 

Hearing the World. Over six years, the hotel has invested RMB 818,000 

(~ USD 120,000), providing treatment for six children, including artificial 

cochlear implant surgery, physical therapy and rehabilitation.

In 2020, the hotel helped to build a new Multimedia Interactive Teaching 

System for Hearing Rehabilitation. This system will enhance the quality of 

rehabilitation teaching in the centre so that even more children can benefit 

from life-changing support to improve their hearing and speaking ability.



In September, 15-year old junior ranger Sokonaia Tamaya saved the day 

when he raised the alarm at Sigatoka Sand Dunes national park

Heritage in Young Hands: Empowering youth in Fiji

Shangri-La’s Fijian Resort &amp; Spa, Yanuca Island works closely with the National 

Trust for Fiji and local government agencies to empower young Fijians as 

passionate and knowledgeable stewards of the natural world. Through our 

‘Heritage in Young Hands’ project, local youths come together for after-school 

training in order to become junior rangers at Sigatoka Sand Dunes (SSD), an 

internationally-recognised site for cultural and environmental heritage.

In September 2020, the training paid off when a 15-year-old graduate of the 

programme noticed smoke emanating from within the grounds of SSD national 

park. He quickly alerted officials who were able to extinguish the fire, thereby 

averting what might have been an environmental catastrophe.

New Multimedia Interactive Teaching System for Hearing Rehabilitation at 

Suzhou Jiayue Early Intervention Centre




24

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report

Responsible Choices

At Shangri-La, we believe in making responsible choices and encouraging others to do the 

same. One of the most important ways in which the Group strives to have long-lasting, 

positive impact on local communities and the natural ecosystems upon which we all depend 

is by leveraging our influence over guests and suppliers to promote socially and ecologically 

responsible choices. Our Rooted in Nature initiative has been running since 2014 to promote 

ethical ingredients in our hotels, including sustainably harvested seafood and organic produce.

88 hotels  

support our Rooted in  

Nature programme

2,138 Rooted in Nature  

menu items promoted to guests around  

the world

Busy Bees: Rooted in Nature at Shangri-La Hotel Toronto

Shangri-La Hotel, Toronto attracts 50,000 very special guests each year – honey bees. The Bee Wall on the hotel’s third floor Garden Terrace 

produces 10 kg of honey annually for our Rooted in Nature programme. These welcome little pollinators bring additional benefits for the local 

community too by helping to enhance the biodiversity of gardens and parks in the downtown area.

Since 2015, harvested honey has been used extensively in the hotel’s culinary 

creations, including a seasonal B-Wall Afternoon Tea, custom cocktails and B-Wall 

Honey Butter. In 2020, we expanded our F&amp;B repertoire using this raw, unpasteurized, 

hyperlocal ingredient even further to produce the first batch of B-Wall Honey Lager in 

newly-designed 437-milliliter cans.

Guests can enjoy the local and sustainably produced lager as an in-room amenity. And 

when it’s time to go home, a range of other specialty honey products are available to 

purchase in the hotel shop or online, including mini jars of raw honey, honey lip balm, 

honeysuckle soap and reusable beeswax food wrap.

Shanana Banana: Treats with benefits at Edsa Shangri-La, Manila

Edsa Shangri-La, Manila supports our Rooted in Nature programme by sourcing locally 

produced ingredients for many food and beverage offerings, including its popular banana 

bread made with fruit from a non-governmental organisation started by indigenous 

Filipino farmers in Davao province. Between 2017 and 2020, the hotel purchased over 

940 kg of bananas from this cooperative, helping to uplift the local community with jobs 

and income.

In June 2020, a new limited edition of Shanana Banana Bread with four unique flavours 

– Cookie Monster, Crazy Nut, My Cinnabun and Berry Madness – were available for one 

month only. All proceeds from the sale of these special treats were donated by the hotel 

to help children with cancer and other chronic illnesses.

B-Wall Honey Lager is now available for purchase in 437 ml 

cans



Shanana Banana Bread is made with local produce supplied  

by indigenous farmers




25

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report

HKEX ESG Content Index 2020

This report complies with Mandatory Disclosure Requirements and “Comply or Explain” Provisions in accordance with Hong Kong Exchange 

Main Board Listing Rule 13.91 and ESG Reporting Guide.

Mandatory Disclosure Requirements

Location of Disclosures and additional information

Governance Structure

SUSTAINABILITY AT SHANGRI-LA: ESG Governance

Reporting principles

SUSTAINABILITY AT SHANGRI-LA: Stakeholder Engagement &amp; Materiality

Reporting boundary

ABOUT THIS REPORT: Scope of ESG Disclosures

“Comply or Explain” Provisions

Aspect A1: Emissions and waste

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

KPIs: A1.1, A1.2, A1.3, A1.4, A1.5 and A1.6

OUR ENVIRONMENT: Mitigating Environmental Impacts, Waste Management

Additional information

A1.1: Emissions of NOx, SOx and Particulate Matter are not reported because they have not been 

identified as material for our business.

A1.3, A1.4 &amp; A1.6: We aim to disclose intensity data for waste and establish waste reduction 

targets in future.

Aspect A2: Use of resources

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

KPIs: A2.1, A2.2, A2.3, A2.4, A2.5

OUR ENVIRONMENT: Responding to Climate Change

Additional information/explanation

A2.5: We do not collect data on packaging materials used in our hotels so this data is not 

available.

Aspect A3: Environment &amp; natural resources

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

KPI: A3.1

OUR ENVIRONMENT: Biodiversity &amp; Conservation

Aspect A4: Climate Change

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

KPI: A4.1

OUR ENVIRONMENT: Responding to Climate Change

Additional information

A4.1: Please refer to our annual CDP Climate response for full information.

Aspect B1: Employment

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

KPIs: B1.1 and B1.2

OUR PEOPLE: Employment Profile

Additional information/explanation

B1.2: To align with our Annual Report we have disclosed average voluntary turnover in 2020. 

This year we have not disclosed turnover rate by gender, age group and region.

Aspect B2: Health and safety

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

KPI: B2.1, B2.2 and B2.3

OUR PEOPLE: Caring for our Colleagues

Additional information/explanation

KPIs B2.1 and B2.2: In 2020, there were zero work-related fatalities and 1,138 work-related 

injuries recorded involving employees and contractors. We do not collect data on the number of 

lost days due to injuries at group level.

Aspect B3: Development and training

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

KPIs: B3.1 and B3.2

OUR PEOPLE: Development &amp; Training

Additional information/explanation

B3.2: We do not track average training hours by gender and employee category.


26

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report

“Comply or Explain” Provisions (Continued)

Aspect B4: Labour standards

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

KPIs: B4.1 and B4.2

SUSTAINABILITY AT SHANGRI-LA: Upholding our Core Values

Additional information

B4.2: There have been no incidences of child or forced labour discovered.

Aspect B5: Supply chain management

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

KPIs: B5.1, B5.2, B5.3 and B5.4

SUSTAINABILITY AT SHANGRI-LA: Partnerships for Sustainable Development

OUR GUESTS: Food Safety

OUR COMMUNITY: Responsible Choices

Aspect B6: Product responsibility

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

KPIs: B6.1, B6.2, B6.3, B6.4 and B6.5

OUR GUESTS: Trusted &amp; Nurturing, Guest Experience

Additional information/explanation

B6.1: Product recalls are not relevant to our industry.

B6.3: The Group takes reasonable steps to protect our intellectual property rights in relevant 

jurisdictions, including trademarks and copyright works, as well as to observe the intellectual 

property rights of others.

Aspect B7: Anti-corruption

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

KPIs: B7.1, B7.2 and B7.3

SUSTAINABILITY AT SHANGRI-LA: Upholding our Core Values

OUR PEOPLE: Development &amp; Training

Additional information

B7.1: There were no concluded legal cases brought against the Company during the reporting 

period concerning corruption.

Aspect B8: Community investment

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

KPIs: B8.1 and B8.2

OUR ENVIRONMENT: Biodiversity &amp; Conservation

OUR COMMUNITY: Long-term Relationships, Embrace


27

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report

GRI Content Index 2020

When read in combination with other public disclosures as summarised below, this report references Global Reporting Initiative Standards as 

identified in the following table.

Energy

Location of disclosure

References/remarks

GRI 103: Management Approach 2016

103-1

Disclosure of management approach

SUSTAINABILITY AT SHANGRI-LA: ESG 

Governance, Stakeholder Engagement &amp; 

Materiality

OUR ENVIRONMENT: Mitigating Environmental 

Impacts, Responding to Climate Change

Please refer to our annual CDP 

Climate response on CDP’s 

website for full information.

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

GRI 302: Energy 2016

302-1

Energy consumption within the 

organization

OUR ENVIRONMENT: Mitigating Environmental 

Impacts, Responding to Climate Change

Please refer to our annual CDP 

Climate response on CDP’s 

website for full information.

302-3

Energy intensity

Water

GRI 103: Management Approach 2016

103-1

Disclosure of management approach

SUSTAINABILITY AT SHANGRI-LA: ESG 

Governance, Stakeholder Engagement &amp; 

Materiality

OUR ENVIRONMENT: Mitigating Environmental 

Impacts, Responding to Climate Change

Please refer to our annual CDP 

Water Security response on CDP’s 

website for full information.

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

GRI 303: Water and Effluents 2018

303-3

Water withdrawal

OUR ENVIRONMENT: Mitigating Environmental 

Impacts, Responding to Climate Change

Please refer to our annual CDP 

Water Security response on CDP’s 

website for full information.

Emissions

GRI 103: Management Approach 2016

103-1

Disclosure of management approach

SUSTAINABILITY AT SHANGRI-LA: ESG 

Governance, Stakeholder Engagement &amp; 

Materiality

OUR ENVIRONMENT: Mitigating Environmental 

Impacts, Responding to Climate Change

Please refer to our annual CDP 

Climate response on CDP’s 

website for full information.

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

GRI 305: Emissions 2016

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

OUR ENVIRONMENT: Mitigating Environmental 

Impacts

Please refer to our annual CDP 

Climate response on CDP’s 

website for full information.

305-2

Indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions


28

Shangri-La Asia Limited Sustainability Report 2020

Sustainability Report

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

GRI 103: Management Approach 2016

103-1

Disclosure of management approach

SUSTAINABILITY AT SHANGRI-LA: ESG 

Governance, Stakeholder Engagement &amp; 

Materiality

OUR PEOPLE: Employment Profile

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Local Communities

GRI 103: Management Approach 2016

103-1

Disclosure of management approach

SUSTAINABILITY AT SHANGRI-LA: ESG 

Governance, Stakeholder Engagement &amp; 

Materiality

OUR COMMUNITY: Long-term Relationships, 

Responsible Choices, Embrace

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

GRI 413: Local Communities 2016

413-1

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, and 

development programs

OUR COMMUNITY: Long-term Relationships, 

Responsible Choices, Embrace

 

Customer Health and Safety

GRI 103: Management Approach 2016

103-1

Disclosure of management approach

OUR GUESTS: Food Safety, Fire Life Safety, Security 

and Emergencies

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 2016

416-1

Assessment of the health and safety 

impacts of product and service 

categories

OUR GUESTS: Food Safety, Fire Life Safety, Security 

and Emergencies

