


FURTHERING OUR



SUSTAINABILITY



SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020






CONTENTS

ABOUT THIS REPORT

1

11

36

72

84

2

14

46

4

22

52

7

24

64

About This 

Report

Leadership 

Commitments to 

Sustainability

Business 

Excellence

Care for the 

Environment

GRI Content 

Index

Sheng 

Siong 

Group Ltd 

Stakeholder 

Engagement and 

Materiality

Care for Our 

Customers

Joint Message 

from the 

Chairman and 

the CEO

Sheng Siong 

and the 

Sustainable 

Development 

Goals

Care for Our 

Employees

Special Report 

on Tackling 

COVID-19

Our Management 

Approach: 

Evaluation, 

Progress and 

Targets

Care for the 

Community

Sheng Siong publishes  its  sustainability  report  on  an  annual  basis.  This is Sheng Siong’s fourth sustainability 

report which covers the period 1 January to 31 December 2020. The previous annual sustainability report was 

published in May 2020. This sustainability report covers all of the Group’s operations in Singapore. Sheng Siong 

does not have any major operations of significance overseas. Our operation in China contributes less than 2% 

to our revenue and we have excluded them from the scope of this report.

This report has been prepared in accordance with  the  GRI  Standards: Core Option. We have sought to apply 

the GRI reporting principles for defining report content and report quality. The GRI Content Index can be found 

in our online report on pages 84-90, which can be accessed from our corporate website. This report also 

adheres to the Singapore Exchange (SGX) Listing Rule 711A on preparing an annual sustainability report and 

describes our sustainability practices with reference to the primary components set out in Listing Rule 711B. 

We have not sought external assurance for this report. For any questions or comments, please address them 

to management@shengsiong.com.sg.

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD.

Headquarters

6 Mandai Link

Singapore 728652

Tel: +65 6895 1888

Fax: +65 6269 8265

www.shengsiong.com.sg

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

1






SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD

昇菘集团











To be the preferred retailer in the market, 

starting from Singapore and expanding further 

ashore.

从新加坡做起，成为市场首选的零售商，让昇菘迈

向国际，生生不息。

To create value in a sustainable manner for our 

customers in a convenient and comfortable shopping 

environment with good service and quality products at 

reasonable prices.

以公道的价格、优质的产品及卓越的服务，可持续性地创造价

值，为顾客提供便捷又舒适的购物环境。

Be reasonable, harmonious, responsible and dedicated. 

Be earnest and efficient at work, with no empty 

promises and excuses.

合理、和谐、尽责、敬业。

认真、 快、 坚守承诺、 决不找借口。

OUR  

VALUES

OUR 

 MISSION

OUR 

 VISION



With morality as our bedrock, we continue our legacy by 

setting self-expectations to walk the talk and to be good 

examples for others. With this, we will conquer all odds 

and ensure the continuity of Sheng Siong. 

以道德为基础（自我要求，言行一致），

以榜样为传承（走出死亡，永续昇菘）。

OUR  

BELIEFS

OUR TAGLINE

Always there to serve… 

用心服务

Always there to listen… 

用心聆听

Always from the heart… 

由心出发

Always happy to go above and 

beyond 

用心.微笑. 

让我们走得更远

...all for you!

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

3

2

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


JOINT MESSAGE FROM

THE CHAIRMAN AND THE CEO

Care for Our Customers 

We continued to ensure the availability of healthy choices for our customers by developing products that meet 

the Healthier Choice Symbol criteria. All of our housebrand products across the four high-risk food categories 

are also free from Partially Hydrogenated Oils (PHOs) since June 2020, one year ahead of the effective ban. 

Although our Customer Satisfaction Index of Singapore (CSISG) score dropped from 2019 due to a change 

in methodology, our scores remain above that of the Supermarket Sub-Sector. We continued to be ranked 

second place in customer satisfaction for four consecutive years among supermarket retailers in Singapore. 

We are also pleased that our market share of Singapore’s supermarket/hypermarket segment has continued 

to grow year-on-year, with a 4% increase from 14% in 2017 to 18% in 2020.  To meet the growing demand for 

online grocery shopping, we increased our online grocery delivery capacity. Going forward, we will be making 

improvements to our online grocery delivery platform. 

Care for Our Employees

We have set up a more structured approach to our training and are currently exploring the adoption of 

an e-learning platform to deliver bite-sized trainings that can be accessed easily and employees are more 

receptive to. The set-up of our training supermarket has been delayed due to the pandemic and is expected 

to be completed by 2022. We continued with our staff purchase scheme which cost us more than S$537,000, 

an increase of 40.5% as compared to 2019. To show our appreciation for our employees who went beyond their 

call of service during the pandemic, an additional month of salary was given to them.  

Care for the Community 

We continued to support our partners on various initiatives such as the Red Cross Project R.I.C.E.+. We also 

showed our appreciation for frontline workers by providing discount to public transport workers and cleaners 

at our stores. To help with the rising cost of living, we extended our special 3% senior citizen discount 

programme for another year. We also offered the Merdeka generation another 3% discount every Tuesday as 

part of the Merdeka Generation discount programme launched in 2019. To protect the safety of our vulnerable 

senior citizen customers during the Circuit Breaker period, we allowed their family members to enjoy these 

special savings when purchasing groceries on their behalf. The total discount under the two programmes 

in 2020 amounted to about S$2.8 million. To promote healthy living among low-income communities, we 

supported the government’s grocery voucher programme by offering a 5% discount off all Healthier Choice 

Symbol (HCS) products, capped at 5% of voucher value. The total discount provided in 2020 was about 

S$41,000. 

We support the Singapore government’s ambition to produce 30% of Singapore’s nutritional needs locally 

by 2030. In November 2020, we extended our support of homegrown produce by partnering Chew’s Eggs to 

launch our housebrand Heritage Farm Singapore Eggs. 



DEAR STAKEHOLDERS,

The world continues to grapple with the ongoing COVID-19 crisis which is far from over. As one of Singapore’s 

top retailers providing essential goods and services, we were presented with unprecedented challenges since 

the virus outbreak became a pandemic last year. Such challenges included ensuring the continuous supply of 

essential goods and protecting the safety and wellbeing of our customers and employees. This was especially 

crucial during last year’s partial lockdown initiated by the Singapore government, also known as the “circuit 

breaker”. Details of our response to the pandemic can be found in the Special Report on Tackling COVID-19 

section of this report.  

HIGHLIGHTS IN 2020  

Business Excellence 

We continued to enhance our customer relations management system and supplier’s portal to support 

timely communications. These improvements were integrated in our SS Enterprise App, which enabled our 

colleagues with administrative roles to work from home due to the pandemic. We also made improvements 

to our Warehouse Management System to handle the spike in demand of goods. We continued to roll out our 

“recycling” cash withdrawal machine, “$TM” to three stores in 2020. We also partnered SkillsFuture Singapore 

to be part of the SkillsFuture Queen Bee project. The project aims to support the training and development 

needs of Small-Medium Enterprises (SMEs) within our value chain and business networks, to help them 

achieve business growth and transformation.





Lim Hock Eng PBM 

Executive Chairman

Lim Hock Chee BBM 

Chief Executive Officer

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

5

4

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


SPECIAL REPORT ON TACKLING 

COVID-19

The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted many lives and businesses. Living through COVID-19 has put us through 

tremendous tests. It made us reflect deeply on our values, our existence as a business, our vulnerabilities, and 

our strengths. We will draw on these valuable lessons and insights to continue to strengthen our management 

practices in ensuring the sustainability of our business.

Care for the Environment 

To encourage the public to reduce the use of disposables and/or food wastage, Sheng Siong became a partner 

in National Environment Agency’s “Say YES to Waste Less” (SYTWL) campaign in 2020. We continued to support 

efforts to reduce the use of disposables and food wastage through our social media platforms and in-stores 

with collaterals such as wobblers and decals. We installed a patented technology for cleaning the air in our 

fruits and vegetables chillers to prolong the freshness of our food and reduce food wastage. 

In 2020, Sheng Siong also participated in the “NEA Citizens’ Workgroup on Reducing Excessive Consumption 

of Disposables” as a panellist to provide industry insights to the workgroup participants.  We also completed 

a review of the packaging used for our housebrand products to make sure that they fall within the “Lightest” 

to “Median” range of the Packaging Benchmarking Database developed by the Singapore Packaging Agreement 

(SPA).

Looking Ahead  

The need for businesses to remain resilient has never been more important and we believe that our strong 

foundation in sustainability contributed to our ability to manage the impacts from the pandemic. In 2020, we 

conducted an internal review of our material sustainability topics to ensure that we continue to report on the 

most important sustainability topics facing our business and are of utmost concern to our stakeholders.  

Based on the review, we identified six topics that increased in importance due to COVID-19 including 

Affordable Food, Customer Satisfaction, Food and Product Safety, Occupational Health, Safety and Well-being, 

Productivity and Efficiency and Sustainable Supply Chain Management. Together with the topic of Employee 

Engagement and Development, these topics were also identified as important for the long-term resilience of 

our business. We will continue to focus our efforts on these topics and identify areas for improvement. The 

review findings were approved by our Board who oversees the management and monitoring of our material 

topics and considers sustainability issues as part of its strategic formulation. 

On behalf of the Board, we would like to take this opportunity to thank all our stakeholders for coming along 

with us on this journey. Like how we tackled the COVID-19 crisis, more can be accomplished if we work 

together to face the challenges that lie ahead. We wish you and your family good health. 

Lim Hock Eng PBM 

Executive Chairman

Lim Hock Chee BBM 

Chief Executive Officer

JOINT MESSAGE FROM

THE CHAIRMAN AND THE CEO

MEETING CUSTOMER DEMANDS

When the COVID-19 outbreak spiralled into a 

pandemic, the Singapore government raised the 

Disease Outbreak Response System Condition 

(DORSCON) to orange, closed the border between 

Singapore and Malaysia, and implemented a 

nationwide partial lockdown, known as a “circuit 

breaker”, to contain the spread of COVID-19 in 

Singapore. These events prompted households to 

quickly stock up their pantries.

As an essential service supporting Singapore in 

this unprecedented challenge, Sheng Siong worked 

with our partners to increase supplies and delivery 

trips to our stores across the island immediately. 

We ensured supplies to our stores remain largely 

undisrupted with our dedicated colleagues working 

around the clock, resolved to restock our shelves as 

fast as we could.



“I am hired as a Safe Distancing Ambassador at the store 

since last August. Although I am at the frontline of an 

essential service during the pandemic period, I see my job 

as providing a service to help others. My family has been 

very supportive and I try to lead my life as normal by being 

careful, adopting the right sanitization habits and putting 

my mask on properly. So far, my encounters with customers 

have been very pleasant as most of them are very friendly 

and understanding. Even if customers did not come with 

their masks, usually it is because it has slipped their minds. 

I just need to give them a gentle verbal nudge, and they will 

put on their masks immediately. “



Mdm Calyn Loo  

(62, Safe Distancing Ambassador)

SAFE DISTANCING AMBASSADOR

MAINTAINING SUPPLIES

The pandemic exemplified how connected the 

world has become. With global supply chains 

constantly at risk of disruption due to lockdown 

measures around the world, the need to have a 

diversified sourcing strategy became ever more 

crucial. Although our supply channels have been 

safe from severe disruptions so far, we continued 

to work closely with trusted suppliers to ensure 

minimal disruption by planning early. At the same 

time, we activated alternative sources to increase 

our inventory, while keeping prices competitive. 

Importantly, the focus on food security in Singapore 

has sharpened amidst the COVID-19 pandemic. We 

strive to continue to support local producers to 

achieve the national target of producing 30% of our 

nutritional needs locally by 2030.

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

7

6

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


SPECIAL REPORT ON TACKLING 

COVID-19

PROTECTING THE HEALTH AND SAFETY OF OUR 

EMPLOYEES AND CUSTOMERS 

While we were committed to ensure that our 

customers’ daily needs are met, we were faced 

with the challenge of the closure of the Singapore-

Malaysia border. During the peak of the pandemic 

in Singapore, about 300 of our colleagues were 

crossing the borders daily to come to work. It was 

a stressful period for many, having to immediately 

choose between work or family. Our human resource 

team worked tirelessly to support our colleagues on 

their decisions. With the help of our partners, we 

were able to quickly arrange temporary housing for 

our colleagues who were stranded. The majority of 

our colleagues were reassured and decided to stay 

to help us tide over this challenging time.

The risk of getting infected by COVID-19 was on top 

of everyone’s mind, which created a high level of 

anxiety. In order for Sheng Siong to continue to stay 

open for business, every effort must be made to 

safeguard the health and safety of our employees, 

customers, and the wider community. Drawing on 

the experience of our operations team in China who 

were in the thick of dealing with COVID-19 before 

us, we started our mask-up policy and provided 

disposable gloves for all our employees, as well as 

commenced taking our customers’ temperatures, 

offering the use of hand sanitisers at high touch-

point areas, and increasing the frequency of 

cleaning and sanitising our stores. After the 

government implemented stricter measures, Sheng 

Siong worked closely with the relevant ministries 

to roll out further changes in our operations, such 

as requiring customers to provide personal details 

for contact tracing, assigning employees as safe 

distancing ambassadors, as well as managing 

queues and controlling crowds. 

We also supported in the national fight against 

COVID-19 by partnering the Ministry of National 

Development in providing the public with regular 

updates on the crowd levels of our supermarkets 

through Space Out. Space Out is a map-based 

website that provides public updates on crowd 

levels at selected locations. With Space Out, the 

public could make informed choices on where and 

when to go for essential goods and services while 

maintaining safe distancing.

When the number of COVID-19 cases grew in Malaysia, 

risks of transmission of the disease through cross-

border deliveries became a paramount concern. 

With guidance from our government agencies, 

further safety precautions were taken to adopt 

contactless delivery protocols.  

SUPPORTING THE MENTAL WELL-BEING OF OUR 

EMPLOYEES 

With the COVID-19 pandemic showing no signs of 

slowing down as cases across the world continue 

to rise, the mental well-being of our colleagues 

became an increasing cause for concern. For 

example, employees may worry about the higher 

risk of infection due to greater exposure to the 

public brought about by higher business volume, 

especially with public announcements of confirmed 

community cases visiting our stores. To ease their 

minds, in-store disinfection was carried out in 

compliance with the National Environment Agency 

requirements, and our colleagues’ health were 

monitored closely for the next 14 days following the 

announcements. 

Like many others, our employees had to adjust 

to family members working from home and their 

children’s 

home-based 

learning 

requirements. 

Besides, they had to adapt quickly to changes in 

work requirements often involving new health 

and safety procedures. Higher levels of confusion, 

frustration and anxiety among customers also led to 

more incidents of customers verbally and physically 

abusing our store employees.  This prompted us to 

immediately put up signs to remind customers of 

mutual respect and compassion. 

We also took immediate steps to alleviate the level 

of anxiety among our colleagues by communicating 

clearly about changes in work requirements, how we 

can protect ourselves, and debunking falsehoods. 

With the agreement of the government, we were 

given approval to set-up extended retail space for 

22 of our stores in order to allow safe-distancing 

among customers. To reduce physical contact 

and interactions, we implemented technological 

measures as fast as we could to cope with crowd 

monitoring, such as SafeEntry registrations and 

temperature scans. We introduced a regular in-

store disinfection programme to help maintain a 

high level of hygiene. Our key leaders also led by 

example and worked alongside our colleagues during 

critical periods to assist with goods deliveries, stock 

replenishments, and crowd control.





“As the store manager of the Jalan Berseh 

store, I am very glad that our store has attained 

the SG Clean certification. Since the pandemic, 

our team has put in efforts to maintain a high 

level of hygiene and cleanliness at the store. 

We sanitize the counters, payment kiosks, 

baskets and trolleys at every shift, and placed 

hand sanitizers at high touch-point areas for 

customer to use. Besides in-store hygiene, 

we also ensure safe distancing measures by 

carrying out crowd control and having clear 

demarcation at the queue lines. We hope 

that the SG Clean accreditation will give our 

customers reassurance and confidence to shop 

at our store as we strive to provide a safe and 

healthy shopping environment.”

“Before the pandemic, I commuted daily from 

Johor to Singapore by motorbike.  I would set 

off at 3am in the wee hours of the morning and 

reached my workplace at 5am. When my shift 

ended at 4pm, I would travel back to Malaysia 

to a homecooked dinner prepared by my wife. 

As cross-border travel tightened to stem the 

spread of the virus, I shifted to Singapore with 

the help of the company.  It has since been more 

than a year since I last saw my wife. She gets 

worried as I am in charge of receiving at the 

warehouse and would come into contact with 

Malaysian drivers. I reassured her that we have 

safety measures in place. There is a receiving 

section demarcated for Malaysia drivers to 

unload and all of us are well protected with 

masks, face shields and disposable gloves.” 





Mr Chan Thian Fook (34, Assistant Manager) 

Mr Foo Jia Hui  

(38, Warehouse Assistant Manager) 

SG CLEAN STORE 

WAREHOUSE RECEIVING 

PERSONNEL 

REWARDING OUR EMPLOYEES’ DEDICATION AND 

EFFORTS

For going beyond their call of service, the Group 

decided to reward the dedication and hard work 

of our colleagues by providing them, excluding 

directors, with an additional month of salary. 

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

9

8

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020






BUSINESS

EXCELLENCE



































5 PILLARS OF

OUR SUSTAINABILITY

JOURNEY

CARE FOR 

OUR CUSTOMERS

CARE FOR

OUR EMPLOYEES

CARE FOR

THE COMMUNITY

CARE FOR

THE ENVIRONMENT













































CARE FOR



OUR EMPLOYEES

















































CARE FOR



THE COMMUNITY











LEADERSHIP COMMITMENTS TO 

SUSTAINABILITY

For more than 35 years, Sheng Siong has strived to excel in our mission of creating value sustainably for our 

customers, with a core focus on good service, quality products, and reasonable prices. To achieve this, we 

embed sustainability to our business operations and strategy formulations.

Our sustainability journey is built on 5 key pillars. Each pillar represents different sustainability issues that 

we hold close to our hearts and our commitments to change and/or influence positively in ways that remain 

relevant and accountable to our stakeholders.

5 PILLARS OF OUR  

SUSTAINABILITY JOURNEY:





“During the panic buying period, our main focus was to 

clear the queues as fast as we could to reduce customers’ 

waiting time in the store. I remembered it was very hectic 

and everyone put in longer working hours without a qualm. 

There was no time to think about anything but we were 

reminded to stay safe as we worked, we were required to 

put on face masks at an early stage, the company also 

provided us with face shields and gloves. At the workplace, 

we refrain from chatting during mealtimes and practice 

extra care by using hand sanitizers frequently. I need to 

stay safe so that I can continue to work to support my 

elderly parents and school-going children.” 

“Besides daily cleaning and sanitization, our operations 

also have a regular in-store disinfection programme in 

place to ensure a safe and healthy environment for our 

employees and customers. Every month, we will carry out 

disinfection at our store premises. Ever since the onset of 

the pandemic, we are in a state of heightened awareness 

to raise cleanliness and hygiene standards. Beside 

following a daily cleaning and sanitizing routine, all of us 

at the store will take up sanitizing duties spontaneously 

when there is a need.” 





Mdm Susan Tran Thi Ngoc Nga  

(43, Cashier)

Mr Wong Siow Hua (39, Assistant Manager) 

FRONTLINE CASHIER 

STORE PERSONNEL INVOLVED IN SANITIZING 

ADDRESSING FUTURE CHALLENGES

By now, many of us have reconciled with the fact that COVID-19 will be here to stay for the foreseeable future. 

While the pandemic had been unimaginable for many, it has also demonstrated the importance of building 

resilience, and challenged us to rethink the way we work, live, and play.

Our ability to tackle the issues related to COVID-19 is supported by a strong foundation established in our 

sustainability framework which is built on five key pillars (Business Excellence, Care for Our Customers, Care 

for Our Employees, Care for the Community and Care for the Environment). We believe that these foundations 

continue to be relevant, and will help us to review and improve, and find new ways to drive our business 

forward.

SPECIAL REPORT ON TACKLING 

COVID-19

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

11

10

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


LEADERSHIP COMMITMENTS TO 

SUSTAINABILITY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Sheng Siong Board is the highest governance 

body 

consisting 

of 

the 

Executive 

Chairman, 

Executive Vice-Chairman, CEO, Managing Director, 

Executive Director, one Non-Executive Director, and 

four Independent Directors. Our Board of Directors 

has expertise in the fields of business management, 

finance, law, real estate, and food safety, and 

contributes positively to strategy formulation and 

risk mitigation.

Together, 

the 

Board 

and 

Management 

are 

responsible 

for 

overseeing 

the 

Group’s 

risk 

management framework and policies, and reviewing 

their effectiveness for all economic, environmental 

and social topics. While the Executive Management 

meets regularly, the Board reviews our Group’s 

sustainability 

issues 

at 

least 

once 

a 

year. 

Sustainability topics are considered by the Board as 

part of its strategy formulation.

Since 2015, the Group has a Business Excellence 

Committee at the management level to review 

and discuss the topics of innovation and business 

excellence, including risk management. In 2018, the 

Group established a Risk and Business Continuity 

Committee, to dedicate better oversight on risk 

management and business continuity issues. Both 

committees report to the CEO.

The Sustainability Committee was set up in 2017 

to provide oversight of the Group’s material ESG 

topics. The committee is led by our Executive 

Director, Lin Ruiwen, and comprises members 

from senior management of key business functions 

such as operations, human resource, quality 

assurance, finance, procurement, IT and corporate 

communications. The committee is responsible for 

formulating sustainability policies, championing 

sustainability projects, monitoring the effectiveness 

of the management approach of sustainability topics 

as well as performance against targets.

We conducted stakeholder consultation in the 

identification and management of sustainability 

material 

topics, 

either 

through 

materiality 

assessment 

surveys 

or 

through 

our 

regular 

communication 

channels. 

Members 

act 

as 

champions of sustainability topics within the Group, 

and meet regularly to review, discuss and identify 

potential environmental, social and governance 

risks that Sheng Siong is susceptible to, as well 

as to monitor our progress and performance. The 

Committee then evaluates and provides advice 

and recommendations to the CEO and Board of 

Directors on the areas for improvements, and 

possible strategies and actions concerning these 

topics. The Committee is also tasked to work with 

relevant departments in executing the approved 

strategies and actions.

SHENG SIONG SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE

1. Lin Ruiwen 

Executive Director

2. Wong Heng San 

Deputy General Manager

International Business 

Development

3. Serene Ang Suk 

Ching

Deputy General Manager

Finance 

4. Tan Siok Tin 

Deputy General Manager

Information Technology

5. Leong Weng 

Fong 

General Manager

Purchasing

6. Chow Kee Min 

Deputy General Manager

Marketing, Housebrand  

7. Tham Wei Chong 

Senior Area Manager

Operations 

8. Kent Lim 

Senior Manager

Human Resources

9. Hoong Yuqin 

Manager

Quality Assurance

10. Teo Zhuan Xin 

Manager

Corporate Affairs

BUSINESS VALUES AND ETHICS 

Our core values were developed over years of 

engaging with our key stakeholders in fulfilling 

our mission to serve the needs of our customers 

and creating sustainable value for them. The eight 

core values guide our employees to be reasonable, 

harmonious, responsible, dedicated, earnest and 

efficient at work, with no empty promises and 

excuses. These are the cornerstones of how we 

conduct ourselves and foster valuable relationships 

with our stakeholders. We also observe a high level 

of business ethics by working closely with regulators 

to ensure we comply with the relevant regulations.

Sheng Siong strives to build trust, transparency, 

integrity and reliability in our relationships with our 

stakeholders. Our Employee Handbook describes 

our core values and provides guidelines on the 

standards of behaviour we expect all employees to 

uphold. The Employee Handbook, written in both 

English and Chinese, is accessible through our 

company’s intranet.  We regularly communicate 

our core values and code of conduct during 

meetings with our staff, suppliers, and vendors. 

The management reviews these values and code of 

conduct regularly.

Our high regard for ethics is further displayed in 

our strong organisational culture and belief in 

unchanging moral principles - “With morality as 

our bedrock, we continue our legacy by setting 

self-expectations to walk the talk and to be good 

examples for others. With this, we will conquer all 

odds and ensure the continuity of Sheng Siong”.

Once a year, key employees are required to declare 

any potential conflicts of interest, and all employees 

are earnestly reminded of the Group’s anti-corruption 

policy on accepting gifts and favours. The Group’s 

policies on conflict of interest and anti-corruption 

serve to guide our employees in their conduct of 

day-to-day business and in managing our trading 

relationships with suppliers. Our suppliers are also 

required to sign a Master Agreement which specifies 

the terms and conditions and appropriate behaviour 

when trading with us. Sheng Siong’s whistleblowing 

policy is championed by the Audit Committee at the 

board level. Our whistleblowing procedure enables 

employees or any other person to raise concerns 

in confidence, without fear of reprisal in any form. 

The management places great importance on this 

so much so that the personal contact information 

of our senior management, including our CEO’s, can 

be found outside our store for ease of reach.

Our employees can access these policies on Sheng 

Siong’s intranet. More information on our approach 

to anti-corruption and anti-competition can be 

found in the Business Excellence chapter of this 

report.

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

13

12

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

AND MATERIALITY

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Stakeholder engagement is crucial to ensure that we can continue to create long-term value as a business. 

Through our tailored stakeholder engagement approach, we hope to better understand the needs and 

expectations of our stakeholders as well as communicate on how we are managing the topics of concern. 

Through an internal stakeholder mapping exercise, we have identified seven key stakeholder groups which we 

prioritise our engagements with. These include groups which our business has a significant impact on, and 

those which have a high interest in or considerable influence on the success of our business.

STAKEHOLDERS

IMPACT &amp; SIGNIFICANCE

Customers

Our customers are the foundation of our business success. We strive to create value 

sustainably for our customers by providing a convenient and comfortable shopping 

environment with good service and quality products at reasonable prices. We want to be 

able to be stay relevant and responsive to their evolving needs.

Employees

Our employees’ performance is critical to the success of our business. They are part of our 

human capital and their health, safety and well-being, and competencies are fundamental 

to Sheng Siong’s operational effectiveness. We aim to develop their potential to drive 

innovation, productivity and organisational excellence through promoting close, transparent 

and direct communication between employees and higher-level management.

Suppliers

Sheng Siong works closely with partners in our value chain to ensure that food and 

products are in line with industry safety standards, to improve product range and food and 

service quality, and to reduce risks related to sustainability issues.

Government 

Agencies

Besides regulatory compliance, we partner with key government agencies to jointly raise 

industry standards for food and product safety, food security and other sustainability 

practices, as well as workplace safety and health standards.

NGOs &amp; 

Voluntary 

Welfare 

Organisations

Our business activities have economic, environmental, and social impacts on the 

communities where we operate. Therefore, it is critical that we give back to our community 

and work with industry associations, educational/research institutions as well as not-for-

profit bodies to promote sustainability along the Group’s value chain. This may range from 

influencing shopper behaviour to raising industry standards.

Media

News and information outlets are one of the main sources of information for our 

stakeholders and the public. We aim to engage the media to understand societal 

expectations of the food retail value chain and to influence shopper behaviour positively.

Shareholders/

Investors

Our investors play a vital role in the success and growth of our Group. The investment 

community is a feedback loop for the Group’s formulation of its growth strategies. We 

strive to maximise shareholder returns, observe good corporate governance and improve 

levels of transparency through the timely communication of our financial and sustainability 

reporting.

Table 1: Impact &amp; Significance of Key Stakeholder Groups

STAKEHOLDERS

MODE AND FREQUENCY OF 

ENGAGEMENT 

ISSUES &amp; CONCERNS

SHENG SIONG’S EFFORTS AND ACHIEVE-

MENTS

Customers

• Customer feedback forms 

(in-store and online)

• Customer service hotline 

and email

• Social Media

• Market research groups 

such as NielsenIQ

• Competitive product 

pricing, affordability, and 

value for money

• Product safety and 

quality

• Providing healthier food

• Availability of high quality 

fresh food and premium 

brands

• Customer service and 

customer experience 

such as:

• All-in-one store, well-

stocked

• Well-displayed store 

– ease of finding 

products

• Store accessibility

• Fast and helpful 

cashier service

• Range and variety 

of products, new 

products

• Store hygiene and 

cleanliness

• Long opening hours

• Loyalty programme

• Increase supply and delivery trips to our 

stores across the island and restocking 

shelves as fast as possible during the 

peak of the COVID-19 pandemic

• Opened new stores in HDB estates, 

especially in estates where we do not 

have a presence

• Maintained ISO 22000:2005 certification 

system for Food Safety Management

• Maintained Cold Chain Management for 

fresh food

• Ensured products offered comply with 

local regulations

• Shortened cashier queues with 

innovations such as Hybrid Self-

Checkout, Unified POS and adopting 

more channels of cashless payment 

methods

• Continued to refresh and renovate older 

stores

• Continued improvement in our Customer 

Satisfaction Index of Singapore (CSISG) 

score

• Rolled out “Recycling” cash withdrawal 

machine called “$TM” across all stores

• Expanded range of house brand products 

with a focus on quality and improved 

nutrition

• Extended 3% special discount to senior 

citizens every Wednesday for another 

year

• Offered more quality fresh produce at 

affordable prices

• 49 out of 63 stores open 24-hours

Employees

• Regular staff meetings 

and dialogue sessions

• Orientation programmes 

for new employees

• Staff engagement events 

such as Family Day, 

Annual CNY Dinner, 7th 

Lunar Month Festival

• Grievance/whistleblowing 

procedures

• Competitive rewards and 

recognition

• Occupational health, safety 

and well-being

• Opportunities for career 

progression

• Learning and development 

opportunities

• Job stability

• Good leadership

• Implemented safety measures in line  

with the local regulations to protect 

employees during the COVID-19 

pandemic

• Committed to performance-sharing 

scheme

• Remuneration and promotion are in line 

with employee performance

• Whistleblowing policy in place to address 

any fraudulent or unfair practices

• Collaborated with Health Promotion 

Board (HPB) on Workplace Health 

Programme

• Conducted regular meetings and follow-

up on workplace and fire safety

• Conducted regular inspections on 

workplace and fire safety

• Committed to setting up an in-house 

training centre by 2021

Table 2: Stakeholder Engagement Activity Matrix (continued)

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

15

14

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


STAKEHOLDERS

MODE AND FREQUENCY OF 

ENGAGEMENT 

ISSUES &amp; CONCERNS

SHENG SIONG’S EFFORTS AND ACHIEVE-

MENTS

Suppliers

• Regular business review 

sessions

• Supplier visits and audits

• Annual meetings with key 

suppliers

• Fair trading agreements

• Short credit terms

• Punctual payment for 

supplies

• Stable, long-term business 

relations

• Continued enhancements to 

Suppliers’ Portal to facilitate business 

administration, communication, and 

payment

• Ensured whistleblowing policy is in 

place to address any fraudulent or unfair 

practices  

Government 

agencies

• Engagement meetings 

with NGOs &amp; VWOs

• Participation in projects 

and/or volunteer activities

• Philanthropy and in-kind 

sponsorships

• Sustainable sourcing

• Food safety and security

• Fair and affordable prices

• Compliance with industry 

standards and hygiene 

practices

• Management of negative 

environmental impacts 

such as food wastage and 

packaging waste

• Helping communities in 

need

• Diversified sources of food supply

• Carried sustainably-sourced products in 

relevant categories such as seafood and 

paper products

• Maintained ISO 22000:2005 certification 

system for Food Safety Management

• Adopted Cold Chain Management

• Implemented ‘Reduce, Reuse, Recycle’ 

approach towards environmental 

protection

• Implemented food waste management 

initiatives

• Signatory to the Singapore Packaging 

Agreement since 2018 (ended June 

2020), and awarded SPA Excellence 

Award in 2019. 

• Member of Packaging Partnership 

Programme (PPP) since 2020

NGOs &amp; Voluntary 

Welfare 

Organisations 

(VWOs)

• Engagement meetings 

with NGOs &amp; VWOs

• Participation in projects 

and/or volunteer activities

• Philanthropy and in-kind 

sponsorships

Media

• Media relations 

engagement

• Media monitoring

Shareholders /

Investors

• Regular investor relations 

meetings

• Financial performance

• Dividend payout

• Sound business strategies

• Risk management

• Governance and 

transparency

• Business continuity

• Reiterated commitment to business 

excellence and profitability

• Ensured consistent dividend distribution 

momentum

• Developed talent management 

programme for succession planning

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

AND MATERIALITY

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT &amp; TOPIC BOUNDARIES

In 2018, we conducted a materiality assessment to identify the sustainability topics that are most important 

for the long-term success of our business and of greatest importance to our stakeholders.  A three-step 

approach (shown in figure 1) was adopted in the determination and prioritisation of our material sustainability 

topics. 









ISSUE

IDENTIFICATION

STAKEHOLDER

ENGAGEMENT

PRIORITISATION,

VALIDATION AND

ENDORSEMENT

Conducted benchmarking and desktop research to 

assess key or emerging topics not included in Sheng 

Siong’s original list of material topics. The list was then 

consolidated through the grouping of related topics to 

form a shortlist of 17 topics for prioritisation.

Consolidated and analysed the results gathered to 

produce a preliminary list of sustainability topics, 

prioritised by internal and external perspectives, 

represented in the form of a materiality matrix. A working 

session was held with the Sustainability Committee to 

review, test and validate the materiality matrix which 

was then presented to the Board for final endorsement.

Distributed an online survey to both internal and external 

stakeholders (including customers) to gather perspectives on 

the most important sustainability topics for the business to 

prioritise. The surveys yieled more than 1500 responses from 

employees and 179 responses from external stakeholders 

including suppliers, government agencies, NGOs, VWOs, 

media and stakeholders.

NARROWING OF TOPICS THROUGH PRIORITISATION

MONITOR, REPORT, REVIEW

Figure 1: Materiality Assessment Process

1

2

3

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

17

16

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


The outcomes of our materiality assessment are used primarily to inform our sustainability strategy, 

management approach and report content. In 2020, we reviewed our material sustainability topics, taking 

into account the changing sustainability context facing Sheng Siong and the food retail industry, especially 

due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The review included examining impacts of the pandemic on the food 

retail industry, scanning for new and emerging sector trends, understanding stakeholder feedback as well 

as revisiting our own business objectives. A workshop was then conducted with representatives from key 

departments with the following outputs:

• 

Our current list of material topics remains relevant. 

• 

We identified six topics that increased in importance in 2020 due to the effects of COVID-19 pandemic. 

They are: 

1. 

Affordable Food

2. 

Customer Satisfaction

3. 

Food and Product Safety

4. Occupational Health, Safety and Well-being

5. 

Productivity and Efficiency; and 

6. Sustainable Supply Chain Management. 

Greater emphasis has been placed on the management and reporting of these topics in 2020.  

• 

The six topics identified as important for COVID-19 recovery were also important for the long-term 

resilience of the business, with the addition of Employee Engagement and Development.  

• 

With the importance of building food resiliency in Singapore, we have also revised the definition of 

the topic of Sustainable Supply Chain Management to include integrating locally made products as 

part of our food supply.  

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

AND MATERIALITY

Figure 2: Materiality Matrix

These outcomes were submitted to the Board for review and approval. The materiality matrix below (Figure 

2) shows the output from the materiality assessment. The x-axis shows the importance of each topic on the 

business while the y-axis shows how important each topic is for Sheng Siong to manage according to external 

stakeholders. Outputs from the materiality review conducted in 2020 are reflected as well.

(aggregated score)

Im portance to External Stakeholders 

(aggregated score)

3

3

Pillars

5

5

4

4

Business

Excellence

Care for

our Customers 

Care for

our Employees 

Care for

the Community

 

Care for

the Environment 

Food and Product Safety

Aﬀordable Food

Customer Satisfaction

O ccupational

Health, Safety

and Well -being

Providing Healthier Choices

Responsible M arketing and

Product Labelling

Inclusive Workplace

Employee Engagement and

Development

Governance and Ethics

Waste and Packaging

Economic Contributions to

Society

Energy, GHG emissions

and Water Use

Risk M anagement

Sustainable Supply Chain

Management

Contribution to the Community

75th

Percentile:

Priority

25th

Percentile:

M oderate

25-75th

Percentile:

Important

Productivity and Efciency

Customer Privacy and

Cyber Security

Importance to Sheng Siong

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

19

18

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


Ranking

Pillar

Material Issues

Definition

Where in our value chain the impacts occur

Suppliers

Storage &amp; distribution centre, 

food processing facilities, 

retail and online stores

Customers

Priority

Care for our 

Customers

Food and Product Safety

Ensuring food and products are safe for consumption and use, and comply with the relevant 

standards and certifications.

Care for our 

Customers

Customer Satisfaction

Focusing on customer care and service and improving the customer experience at all our retail 

outlets and online store.

Business 

Excellence

Governance and Ethics

Conducting our business activities with integrity, maintaining the highest ethical standards and good 

governance, and complying with the relevant regulations.

Important

Care for our 

Customers

Affordable Food

Keeping our products and produce affordable and competitively priced.

Care for our 

Employees

Occupational Health, Safety and 

Well-being

Safeguarding and protecting the health, safety and well-being of our employees. This includes our 

continued focus on maintaining a safe environment for our employees and customers.

Care for our 

Employees

Employee Engagement and 

Development

Attracting, retaining and developing our employees. This includes maintaining a fair remuneration 

system and recognising employee contributions.

Care for our 

Customers

Providing Healthier Choices

Enabling our customers to lead healthier lives. This includes providing healthier food options and 

improving the nutritional standards of our housebrand products.

Business 

Excellence

Productivity and Efficiency

Improving business processes and operational efficiencies, adopting new methods and innovative 

technologies where feasible.

Care for our 

Customers

Responsible Marketing and 

Product Labelling

Providing accurate and sufficient product information and ensure responsible marketing practices to 

help customers make informed purchasing decisions.

Care for the 

Community

Sustainable Supply Chain 

Management

Ensuring the responsible and sustainable sourcing of goods and services, and supply chain resiliency. 

This includes maintaining strong relationships with our diverse suppliers and integrating locally made 

products as part of our food supply. 

Care for the 

Environment

Waste and Packaging

Driving the 3Rs (Reuse, Reduce and Recycle) approach towards waste and packaging, including food 

waste.

Moderate

Care for our 

Employees

Inclusive Workplace

Committing to the principles of equality and non-discrimination, and respecting labour rights.

Care for the 

Community

Contribution to the Community

Giving back to the local communities where we operate through community initiatives and 

philanthropic activities.

Care for our 

Customers

Customer Privacy and Cyber 

Security

Protecting customers’ rights to privacy and safeguarding important information from the growing risk 

of cyber threats.

Business 

Excellence

Risk Management

Identifying and managing material risks, and ensuring business continuity and succession/backup 

plans are in place.

Business 

Excellence

Economic Contributions to 

Society

Generating and distributing economic value to our stakeholders, providing a clear understanding of 

the direct monetary contribution to the local economy by the company.

Care for the 

Environment

Energy, Greenhouse Gas (GHG)  

Emissions and Water Use

Improving water and energy usage efficiency within our operations, and reducing our GHG emissions.

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

AND MATERIALITY

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

21

20

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


SHENG SIONG AND THE SUSTAINABLE 

DEVELOPMENT GOALS

The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), comprising 17 of the 

world’s most pressing challenges, were endorsed by the UN in 

2015 to achieve the underpinning 169 targets by 2030. 

While Sheng Siong has been contributing to sustainable 

development in several ways over the years, we believe it is 

important for us to communicate our commitment towards 

supporting the SDGs.

We have selected four goals to focus on after reviewing each of 

the SDGs based on where our business can make the biggest 

impact. These four goals will be used to inform our sustainability 

strategy and relevant targets going forward and we will report on 

our progress accordingly.

Care for Sustainability

• Build partnerships for

  sustainable development

Care for our Community

• Enhance sustainable supply

  chain management

Care for our Environment

• Manage waste and packaging

Business Excellence

• Improve economic contributions to society

• Improve productivity and efciency

Care for our Employees

• Enhance occupational health, safety and well-being

• Build an inclusive workplace

Care for our 

Customers

• Providing healthier

  choices

• Providing

  affordable food

• Ensuring food and 

  product safety

Care for our 

Community

• Contributions to the

  community through 

  community 

  initiatives and

  philanthropic 

  activities

SHENG SIONG'S

APPROACH TO

SUPPORT THE SDGs

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

23

22

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


Pillar

Material Topic

Why is this material?

Management Approach 

(Refer to chapter indicated)

Evaluation of the Management Approach

(Refer to chapter indicated, or otherwise explained 

here)

Commitments made in 2019

Progress

in 20201

Target 

Year

Business 

Excellence

1. Governance 

and Ethics

As a responsible business, it is critical that we observe 

good corporate governance and business ethics in order 

to achieve our business objectives, build trust among our 

stakeholders, and drive performance improvement. It also 

increases the accountability of our company.

• Leadership Commitments 

to Sustainability

• Annual Report 2020

• Leadership Commitments to Sustainability

• Annual Report 2020

Provide training and education 

on anti-corruption and 

anti-competition for all our 

employees of managerial 

position. 

Ensure all our suppliers 

are informed of our anti-

corruption and anti-

competition policies.

2021

2. Risk 

Management

The ability to identify, assess, and manage risks is 

fundamental to weatherproof our business and help us 

make better decisions for the future.

• Leadership Commitments 

to Sustainability

• Materiality Assessment

• Annual Report 2020

• Leadership Commitments to Sustainability

• Materiality Assessment

• Annual Report 2020

Consider the adoption of  

ISO 9001 Quality Management 

framework and Enterprise 

Risk Management framework.

2021

3. Economic 

Contributions to 

Society

The ability to generate economic contributions for our 

stakeholders and society is a crucial component to ensure 

business longevity and social development.

• Business Excellence

• Care for our Employees

• Care for our Community

• Our Board of Directors meet regularly to discuss 

and evaluate the business performance of the 

Group, and to formulate growth strategies. We 

measure our financial performance against 

targets set.

• Our sustainability report is used to account for 

our contributions towards community initiatives, 

and our lower salaried employees.

Continuously strive 

for excellence in our 

performance.

On-going

4. Productivity and 

Efficiency

Managing productivity and efficiency can help the company 

better utilise its resources, especially in Singapore, where 

there is an aging population and tightening of foreign 

labour policies.

• Joint Statement

• Business Excellence

• When new technologies or business processes 

are adopted, we evaluate productivity based 

on performance indicators such as man-

hours saved, number of errors reduced, and/or 

higher outputs level, etc. We also evaluate our 

financial results to observe improvements in our 

productivity.

Work closely with key partners 

to develop and adopt new 

processes and technology to 

improve business capabilities.

On-going

OUR MANAGEMENT APPROACH:

EVALUATION, PROGRESS AND TARGETS

The table below provides an overview of our management approach for each material issue, based on the GRI standards 103-1, 103-2, and 103-3. References for where the content can be found are also included where applicable. At the same 

time, to measure our ongoing sustainability performance and drive improvement, we have developed a set of targets related to our material sustainability issues. The progress of these targets will be reviewed and reported on an annual basis. 

In 2020, the progress towards some of our targets have been delayed as our priority was shifted to addressing operational issues triggered by the pandemic. However, we remain committed to meeting our targets and will step up on our efforts. 

1 Details of the progress made in 2020 can be found in the relevant chapters.

Early Stages

Further progress needed

Good progress

Goal achieved

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

25

24

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


Pillar

Material Topic

Why is this material?

Management Approach 

(Refer to chapter indicated)

Evaluation of the Management Approach

(Refer to chapter indicated, or otherwise explained 

here)

Commitments made in 

2019

Progress

in 20201

Target 

Year

Care for Our 

Customers

5. Customer 

Satisfaction

Customers are the foundation of our business and therefore 

it is imperative to ensure that we manage their needs and 

concerns properly as well as provide better service and 

experience within stores and online.

• Care for our Customers

• Our operations and service team monitors feedback 

from consumers across different channels, such 

as email, in-store feedback forms, service hotline, 

social media platforms, etc. We strive to respond to 

feedback within one working day, and address the 

issues raised within seven working days.

• The contact numbers of our senior management 

are also made available on the notice board 

of every store to facilitate easy access for our 

customers, enabling us to address stakeholders’ 

concerns directly.

We seek to improve our 

customer satisfaction 

score (CSISG) year-on- year 

by providing excellent  

service, meeting the 

evolving needs of our 

customers, and keeping 

prices competitive and 

affordable.

All stores to be SG Clean 

certified.

On-going

2023

6. Providing 

    Healthier 

    Choices

With an increasing awareness and concern on leading a 

healthy lifestyle in Singapore, we believe we have a role to 

play by providing healthier and more nutritious options for 

our customers.

• Care for our Customers

• We take the opportunity to review nutritional 

improvements of our products by paying close 

attention to market trends and observations

Conduct a stock take of 

our range and selection 

of ‘healthier choice’ and 

‘trans fat free’ products to 

determine the baseline for 

target setting.

Continue efforts to develop 

new housebrand products 

which meet ‘healthier 

choice’ and/or ‘trans fat 

free’ criteria. 

On-going

7. Affordable 

   Food

Keeping essential products and produce affordable is critical 

for Sheng Siong to remain competitive in the retail industry. 

As a responsible business, we do not conduct or encourage 

profiteering or anti-competitive practices.

• Care for our Customers

• Care for our Community

• We conduct market research regularly to ensure 

our products and produce are affordable and 

competitively priced. 

Extend special 3% discount 

to senior citizens every 

Wednesday for another 

year.

Continue to practise 

diversification in our 

sourcing and procurement 

strategy to ensure the 

availability of a sustainable 

supply of food and 

products at a stable price.

2021

On-going

OUR MANAGEMENT APPROACH:

EVALUATION, PROGRESS AND TARGETS

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

27

26

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


Pillar

Material Topic

Why is this material?

Management Approach 

(Refer to chapter indicated)

Evaluation of the Management Approach

(Refer to chapter indicated, or otherwise explained 

here)

Commitments made in 

2019

Progress

in 20201

Target 

Year

Care for Our 

Customers

8. Customer 

    Privacy and 

    Cyber Security

In light of recent and increasing threats of cyber crimes, 

customers who entrust their personal data to us would 

expect that their information is protected and not misused.

With the increasing use of technology in our business 

operations,  it  is  critical to safeguard our information 

technology systems against cyber threats in order to 

maintain the viability of our business.

• Business Excellence

• Care for our 

Customers 

• Our IT policy comprises of regular risk assessment 

that allows us to monitor and establish safeguards 

within our systems to prevent breaches. We 

have also established a business continuity 

plan (BCP) which focuses on the recovery of 

technology facilities and platforms, such as critical 

applications, databases, servers or other required 

technology infrastructure for the viability of the 

business. We review our policy and BCP regularly to 

make sure they are relevant.

Ensure all of our 

employees are aware 

of and understand our 

Group’s personal data 

protection policy (PDPC).

Work closely with partners 

to promote cyber security 

among consumers.

On-going

9. Food and 

Product Safety

Safeguarding food and product safety is a basic founding 

principle of our business, and is essential for our success. 

We recognise our  responsibility  as the final gatekeeper 

in the supply chain to safeguard the health, safety and 

interests of our customers.

Building a strong trusting relationship with our customers 

fosters their loyalty to continue to shop with Sheng Siong.

• Care for our Customers

• We monitor our performance in food and product 

safety through certification assessments such 

as HACCP and ISO 22000:2005 Food Safety 

Management System.

• An in-house Quality Assurance Programme is in 

place to ensure that our products meet stringent 

quality standards, and our stores and processing 

facilities meet hygiene, sanitation, and processing 

standards in order to comply with regulations. Any 

non-compliance may warrant a warning or fine 

from the regulatory authorities and is informed 

through this report.

Work closely with the 

newly formed Singapore 

Food Agency to ensure that 

our farm fresh produce 

and processed food 

products are compliant 

with Singapore’s stringent 

food safety standards, and 

that our food handling 

processes comply with 

the relevant food hygiene 

standards.

Continue to be certified by 

ISO 22000:2005 for food 

safety management.

Improve our internal food 

and product safety, as 

well as quality assurance 

programme, by setting 

more measurable targets.

On-going

On-going

2021

10. Responsible 

     Marketing 

     and Product 

     Labelling

Similar to safeguarding food and product safety, the process 

of building trust and loyalty also includes providing accurate 

and sufficient product and marketing information for 

shoppers to make informed choices.

• Care for our Customers

• We require all our suppliers to comply with the 

Singapore Sale of Food Act which includes food 

labelling requirements. Any non-compliance may 

warrant a warning or fine from the regulatory 

authorities and is informed through this report.

Ensure that there are 

no incidents of non- 

compliance concerning 

product information and 

labelling.

On-going

OUR MANAGEMENT APPROACH:

EVALUATION, PROGRESS AND TARGETS

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

29

28

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


OUR MANAGEMENT APPROACH:

EVALUATION, PROGRESS AND TARGETS

Pillar

Material Topic

Why is this material?

Management Approach 

(Refer to chapter indicated)

Evaluation of the Management Approach

(Refer to chapter indicated, or otherwise explained 

here)

Commitments made in 

2019

Progress

in 20201

Target 

Year

Care for our 

Employees

11. Employee 

    Engagement 

    and Development

The performance of our employees is critical for the 

success of our business. At Sheng Siong, we seek to attract 

and retain the best employees through the provision of 

equal opportunities for growth and development, as well 

as ensuring that they are recognised for their performance 

through a fair remuneration and reward system.

• Care for our Employees

• We closely monitor our employee turnover rate, 

training hours, and turn out to company events.

• Employee engagement surveys are also conducted 

from time-to-time to gather satisfaction level and 

feedback.

Maintain employee annual 

turnover rate below 40%.

Set up in-house training 

centre.

Improve our talent 

management programme 

for succession planning.

Conduct a review of 

current employee 

engagement activities and 

identify opportunities for 

improvement.

On-going

2022

2021

2021

12. Inclusive 

     Workplace

An open and inclusive work culture motivates our 

employees to perform well as it allows them to be 

comfortable in the workplace.

Diversity in the workplace also allows for contribution 

from different perspectives, thus promoting creativity and 

innovation.

• Care for our Employees

• Disclosures in our sustainability report are used to 

evaluate the results of our practice.

Zero incident of 

discrimination.

On-going

13. Occupational 

     Health, Safety 

     and Well-being

Employees are key assets of Sheng Siong and it is therefore 

crucial for the company to provide a safe environment and 

ensure safe behavior is practised. This will also indirectly 

ensure that customer health and safety is protected when 

they shop in our stores.

• Care for our Employees

• Our WSH committees meet regularly to discuss 

and review related issues and statistics.  

Suggestions for improvements are then reported 

to the management for their review and 

endorsement.

Reduce the number of 

workplace accidents by at 

least 10%.

Reduce the number 

of accidents involving 

customers by at least 10%.

Reduce the number of 

motor accidents caused by 

our delivery drivers by at 

least 20%.

Continue to raise 

awareness and 

understanding of our 

WSH policies, and where 

possible, organise talks, 

workshops, and trainings 

on the topic for our 

employees.

On-going

On-going

On-going

On-going

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

31

30

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


Pillar

Material Topic

Why is this material?

Management Approach 

(Refer to chapter indicated)

Evaluation of the Management Approach

(Refer to chapter indicated, or otherwise explained 

here)

Commitments made in 

2019

Progress

in 20201

Target 

Year

Care for the 

Community

14. Sustainable 

Supply Chain 

Management

Building strong and lasting relationships with our suppliers is 

essential to the success of our business.

With increasing challenges brought about by issues such as 

climate change, resource conservation and labour practices, 

Sheng Siong has a role to play in positively influencing how 

goods and services are produced and supplied, in order to 

build a sustainable future.

• Care for our Community

• We actively engage with the government, NGOs and 

VWOs to discuss Sheng Siong’s role in sustainable 

sourcing. Our aim is to continue keeping our 

products and fresh food affordable while exploring 

ways to move forward on our sustainable sourcing 

journey.

Provide education and 

training to our procurement 

team on sustainable supply 

chain management.

Improve the collection 

of data on our range and 

selection of ‘sustainable’ 

products to determine the 

baseline for target setting.

Review and enhance 

purchasing policies to 

include sustainability 

criteria.

Build partnerships to 

provide education and raise 

awareness of ‘sustainable’ 

products among 

consumers.

Work with local partners 

and suppliers to promote 

the uptake of local produce 

in line with Singapore’s 

“30 by 30” vision (for 30% 

of Singapore’s nutritional 

needs to be supplied locally 

by 2030) and to support 

“made-in-Singapore” 

products.

2021

2021

2021

On-going

2030

15. Contribution 

to the 

Community

Being part of the community, we believe that it is important for 

us to lend a hand to the less fortunate, and champion causes 

that we believe are essential for sustainable development.

It is also critical that our business activities are organised with 

care for the neighbourhood to mitigate disturbance, pollution, 

and promote safety and community spirit.

• Business Excellence

• Care for our Employees

• Care for our Community

• Our sustainability report is used to report on our 

philanthropic activities and contributions towards 

community initiatives.

• Our operations and service team regularly 

monitor feedback from consumers about 

possible disturbances, and address the feedback 

immediately. We may receive warnings or fines from 

regulators if these issues are not resolved.

Support community 

initiatives and make 

charitable donations and 

sponsorships to the local 

community.

Founders commit to 

support the annual 

Education Grant for 

children of our lower 

salaried employees.

Continue to work with 

local town councils to 

reduce disturbances to the 

minimum.

On-going

On-going

On-going

OUR MANAGEMENT APPROACH:

EVALUATION, PROGRESS AND TARGETS

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

33

32

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


OUR MANAGEMENT APPROACH:

EVALUATION, PROGRESS AND TARGETS

Pillar

Material Topic

Why is this material?

Management Approach 

(Refer to chapter indicated)

Evaluation of the Management Approach

(Refer to chapter indicated, or otherwise explained 

here)

Commitments made in 

2019

Progress

in 20201

Target 

Year

Care for the 

Environment

16. Energy, 

     Greenhouse 

     Gas (GHG) 

     Emissions and 

     Water Use

Conservation of resources is important not only for the 

preservation of our natural environment, but also for the 

viability of our business as it enables us to lower our cost 

and create greater value for our stakeholders.

• Care for our Environment

• We monitor and measure the usage of our 

resources. This data is then reported in our 

sustainability report. By improving the quality 

of our disclosures, we strive to strengthen 

our performance in resource conservation by 

formulating strategies in line with business and 

stakeholder priorities.

Develop an internal policy 

framework to improve 

energy and water use 

efficiency.

2021

17. Waste and 

    Packaging

Waste is a by-product of our business activities which can 

have serious impacts on our environment if not managed 

properly. As a responsible business, Sheng Siong is 

committed to reducing the amount of waste generated and 

supporting a circular economy.

• Care for our Environment

• We monitor and measure our waste streams. This 

data is then reported in our sustainability report. 

By improving the quality of our disclosures, we 

strive to strengthen our performance in waste 

management by formulating strategies in line with 

business and stakeholder priorities.

Continue to drive a Reduce, 

Reuse, Recycle (3R) 

approach towards resource 

and waste management.

Adopt the newly-released 

Singapore Standard 

SS 640: 2018, “Code 

of practice for food 

waste management for 

food retail, wholesale 

and distribution 

establishments” and 

develop a meaningful 

performance indicator for 

tracking.

Collaborate with partners 

to advocate for waste 

reduction.

Prepare for the Mandatory 

Waste Reporting 

Framework which will 

come into effect in 2020.

Prepare for the Mandatory 

Packaging Reporting 

Framework and Mandatory 

Waste Reporting 

Framework which will 

come into effect in 2020 

(extended to 2021).

Develop a packaging 

guideline for our suppliers 

that incorporate the 

Environmental Code of 

Practice for the Packaging 

of Consumer Goods 

(ECOPP).

On-going

2021

2021

2022

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

35

34

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

37

36

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020



BUSINESS EXCELLENCE

Partnerships for Smart Business


BUSINESS EXCELLENCE 

PARTNERSHIPS FOR SMART BUSINESS

A FORERUNNER IN NEW PROCESS AND 

TECHNOLOGY

Innovation and technology are enablers of our 

business success. Sheng Siong strives to be a 

forerunner in the adoption of new processes and 

technology that improve operational efficiencies and 

productivity, simplify workflow and enhance customer 

experience to achieve outstanding performance. 

This earned us the SPRING Innovation Excellence 

Award in 2015.

We continue to work closely with key partners such 

as Enterprise Singapore and A*Star to develop and 

adopt new processes and technology to improve 

our business capabilities. This is an important 

foundation for us in our plan to continue to grow in 

Singapore and expand into the international market.

Riding on the momentum towards building a 

Smart Nation, we have adopted the following new 

technologies and made improvements to existing 

ones. 

Digital Transformation

We continually review our administration and operations 

workflow to identify key processes that can be 

digitised. These processes include human resource 

management, customer relationship management, 

procurement, inventory and warehouse management. 

In 2020, we enhanced our customer relations 

management system to allow for better tracking 

and faster response time to address feedback from 

our customers and other stakeholders.

We also continued to enhance our suppliers’ portal 

to include new features to facilitate communication 

with our suppliers, contract management, and 

simplify administrative procedures. This enabled 

our clerical staff to free up their time to take on 

roles with greater responsibilities and which require 

more complex skill sets.

These business processes are further integrated 

under the SS Enterprise App. The mobile application 

facilitates operational business functions such as 

purchase order (PO) approvals, real-time inventory 

inquiry and sales monitoring – all conducted through 

the mobile phone. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has escalated the need 

for these digital transformations, as working from 

home became the new norm. The SS Enterprise App 

has facilitated our colleagues with administrative 

roles to continue to work from home productively 

and with ease. 

We have also made changes to our HR systems in 

2020 to replace certain manual processes, including 

the introduction of facial recognition check-ins 

and temperature checks as well as  SafeEntry 

registration. This is also applicable to all delivery 

personnel who  enter our Distribution Centre, which 

facilitates contact tracing when required.

We believe that work is likely to be less desk-

bound in the future and adopting digital solutions 

early will have a lasting impact on productivity 

and efficiency.

Improving Warehouse Management System

The COVID-19 pandemic has also put the effectiveness 

of our distribution system to test, especially during 

the panic runs. We noted our strengths but were 

also able to identify our weaknesses in handling 

and distributing extremely high levels of volume 

to meet sudden peaks in demand. Improvements 

have been made to fine-tune our systems.

Experimenting with Data Analytics

We have continued to work on improving our 

capability in data analytics. We have gone beyond 

simple sales analysis to discover more useful 

information to support our business functions 

and decision-making. Examples include manpower 

planning, in-store crowd control (to allow for safe-

distancing due to COVID-19), theft prevention, and 

inventory management.

Connecting with our Customers through Sheng 

Siong (SS) Connect

As society becomes more digitally connected, it is 

paramount that Sheng Siong also explores ways 

to better connect, communicate and engage with 

our customers. We created the SS Connect App 

with this vision in mind. At its pilot stage, we have 

included features such as in-store promotion alerts, 

auto-completion of Sheng Siong’s mega promotion 

lucky draw entry form, e-receipts, purchase history 

records and store locator. We envision SS Connect 

to play the role of a shopping assistant to our 

customers and see ourselves adding more exciting 

functions and features in the near future.

Enhancing Customers’ In-Store Experience through 

Technology

Since 2015, we have successfully rolled out our 

Hybrid Self-Checkout System (HSCO) in all our 63 

stores. The HSCO has allowed us to successfully 

reduce customer waiting times at checkout by 

more than 30 seconds, while freeing up cashiers 

and tellers to take on roles that expand the scope 

of their responsibilities and skill sets.

In 2020, we continued to roll out Singapore’s first 

“recycling” cash withdrawal machine, which we call 

“$TM”, to three of our new stores. All but one of 

63 stores now have the $TM. We top up the $TM 

machines with cash from our supermarket sales, 

and customers can withdraw money from their 

bank accounts using their OCBC or UOB ATM cards. 

This reduces the amount of cash required to be 

collected daily and deposited at the bank by our 

cash handling service provider, thereby enabling 

us to save on cash handling charges and improve 

productivity. Even as we move towards a cashless 

society, we believe such a system remains crucial 

as cash will continue to play a role in society, 

albeit a diminished one.



In the same year, to provide greater convenience for 

our customers and the community, we partnered 

with SoCash to allow users of their digital cash 

circulation platform to withdraw cash from the 

$TM, and Singtel to allow users of their mobile 

wallet Singtel Dash to top-up at the machines.

Managing Risk of Petty Theft

Petty thefts can have a severe impact on our business 

if left unchecked. We continue to work closely with 

the Singapore Police Force to deter shop theft. 

Some initiatives include raising awareness among 

our frontline colleagues on the A.S.K. Protocol, a 

3-steps procedure for deterring thefts, and placing 

posters and signages at our stores to enhance 

deterrence. To further deter shop theft, Sheng Siong 

supermarket employees double up as security officers 

and wear vests bearing the words “SHOPWATCH”. At 

the same time, they assist our customers with their 

shopping needs, thus promoting quality customer 

service. We channelled the financial savings from 

hiring fewer security officers to awards for our 

employees and customers who identify potential 

incidents of petty theft.

More recently, we have upgraded our CCTV monitoring 

system with enhanced capabilities in surveillance.

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

39

38

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


BUSINESS EXCELLENCE 

PARTNERSHIPS FOR SMART BUSINESS

PARTNERSHIPS FOR EXCELLENCE

In 2020, we partnered SkillsFuture Singapore to be part of the SkillsFuture Queen Bee project. Through this 

partnership, Sheng Siong will be the “Queen Bee”, an anchor company to support the training and development 

needs of the Small-Medium Enterprises (SMEs) within our value-chain and business networks, in order to help 

them to achieve business growth and transformation. The project targets to benefit 30 companies, and Sheng 

Siong is honored to be part of this for the success of our partners is also that of ours.

In 2018, we signed an MOU with ITE (Institute of Technical Education) to formalise a partnership for student 

and staff development through collaborations in areas such as internship opportunities, attachments for ITE 

staff and industry projects related to Sheng Siong’s business and operations. By 2019 and through 2020, we 

have recruited interns from ITE and sent our trainers for training in a programme specially tailored to our 

needs, alongside the establishment of our supermarket training centre. We believe that our partnership will 

bring about opportunities for learning and innovation for both organisations, and enhance the practical training 

for students who will form the future workforce in the retail business industry.



“I have been very privileged to be part of the 

transition journey with the company for the past 

21 years. Accounting tasks used to be data-

entry heavy and a whole day could be spent 

on just entering data. As we upgrade to better 

accounting software over the years, routine 

accounting processes become automated and 

improves productivity. As we upgraded from 

the EC-Link to Business Centre last year, we 

are relieved from manual accounting tasks and 

more time can be devoted to the reconciliation 

for cashless payments.” 

Mdm Tan Siok Nai (49, Senior Executive)

PRODUCTIVITY - JOB REDESIGN



PROTECTING OUR DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE &amp; INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

The digital transformation of our business brings increasing cybersecurity threats. We recognise the growing 

risk and have taken steps to secure and protect our digital infrastructure and intellectual property. Besides 

regular monitoring and establishing safeguards within our systems to prevent breaches, we have also 

established a business continuity plan which focuses on the recovery of technology facilities and platforms, 

such as critical applications, databases, servers or other required technology infrastructure for the viability 

of the business.

COMMUNICATION AND TRAINING ON ANTI-CORRUPTION AND ANTI-COMPETITION

Sheng Siong has a zero-tolerance stance towards all forms of corruption and collusion. It includes a set of 

guidelines specifying the responsibilities of each employee to observe and uphold the policy. It also provides 

information and guidance to employees on how to recognise, address and prevent instances of corruption 

and collusion which may arise in the course of their work.

Key personnel identified as holding sensitive positions are also required to declare any conflicts of interest 

and sign an agreement with the company.    

In 2020, we had zero incidents of corruption and zero cases of actions from the Competition Commission of 

Singapore for anti-competitive behaviour.

We also recognise the importance of conducting business with our suppliers in a manner that is ethical and 

fair and strive to improve the transparency in our business dealings. To address any fraudulent or unfair 

practices, our whistleblowing channel is made available to all suppliers which provides them with direct 

access to our senior management. Our senior management also meets key suppliers annually for business 

discussions.





SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

41

40

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


BUSINESS EXCELLENCE 

PARTNERSHIPS FOR SMART BUSINESS

Striving for Improvement

At Sheng Siong, we embrace a culture of learning from mistakes and experiences. When we do make mistakes, we want to make sure that they were not made with ill intentions. Thus, we investigate and review our business processes, learn from 

our mistakes, make corrections, communicate on our process, and implement preventive measures to avoid repeating similar mistakes.

*No significant monetary fine was imposed. Significant monetary fines are defined as being greater than $1,000 per incident.

2017

2018

2019

2020

Corrective Actions &amp; Management Approach

No. of Incidents of Corruption

Corruption

0

0

0

0

-

No. of Cases of Legal Actions for Anti-Competitive Behaviour

Anti- Competitive Behaviour

0

0

0

0

-

No. of Incidents of Non-Compliance with Environmental Law and Regulations

Mosquito Breeding

0

*2

0

0

• Immediate clean- up of mosquito breeding area.

• Conduct more regular inspections especially during rainy seasons.

• Improve training and awareness on mosquito breeding problems.

No. of Incidents of Non-Compliance with Laws and Regulations in the Social and Economic Area

Fire Safety

0

*8

*5

1

•The Group was fined a total of S$5,100.00 for 

non-compliance of the Fire Safety Act (Cap. 

109A) at Blk 539 Bedok North branch. A fire 

broke out on 25 January 2020.

• The offence has been corrected to comply with the fire safety regulations

• Improve the training of our employees in fire safety.

Obstruction and misuse of common spaces

*14

*6

*5

*10

• Spaces were reverted to their original purpose of use.

Employment related

0

0

*1

*2

1 - The group was fined S$2,000.00 for not 

ensuring that the residential address of a 

foreign employee was updated in the Ministry 

of Manpower’s register.

• The offence has been corrected immediately with the employee updating his 

correct residential address in the MOM’s register.

• Further steps have been taken to check on the accommodation of our foreign 

employees.

Workplace Health &amp; Safety

0

1

• The group was fined S$2,000.00 

for non- compliance concerning 

workplace safety.

*1

3 – warnings

*1

• Improve the training of our employees in workplace health &amp; safety.

No. of Incidents of Discrimination

0

0

0

0

-

Others

0

1

• The Group was fined S$19,662.26 

for mistakes made in our GST 

reporting. 

Remedial: Improve training of 

accounting staff on GST reporting.

2

• The Group was fined S$2,500.00 for operating without 

Temporary Occupation Permit at Blk 539 Bedok North 

branch.

• The Group was fined S$2,000.00 for failure to renew the 

permit to operate a lift located within Blk 539 Bedok North 

branch, although the lift has been regularly serviced.

0

-

No. of Incidents of Non-Compliance concerning Products &amp; Services

Health and Safety Impacts of Products and 

Services

*2 fines

3 warnings

2 internal findings

*4 fines

2 warnings

1 internal finding

*2 fines

4 warnings

*6 fines

2 warnings

1 internal finding

• Enhance Internal Quality Assurance Programme

Product and Service Information and 

Labelling

0

2 warnings

2 warnings

*2 fines

2 warnings

• Improve checks of product labels.

Marketing Communications

0

0

0

0

-

Substantiated Complaints concerning 

Breaches of Customer Privacy and Losses of 

Customer Data

0

0

0

0

-

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

43

42

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


BUSINESS EXCELLENCE 

PARTNERSHIPS FOR SMART BUSINESS

EXTERNAL INITIATIVES

Sheng Siong is committed to upholding the highest food and product standards and quality management 

systems that reflect our values and meet the demand of our customers and other stakeholders. We continuously 

challenge ourselves to be better – a better retailer, a better employer, and a better organisation. External 

initiatives that we subscribe to or endorse are as follows:

• Singapore Code of Corporate Governance (2018)

• ISO 22000:2005 Food Safety Management

• Singapore Standard for Cold Chain Management for Vegetables SS585 : 2013 

• Singapore Standard Code of practice for cold chain management of chilled pork SS552 : 2016

• Singapore Standard Code of practice for chain management of milk and dairy products SS621: 2016

• Singapore Standard Code of practice for food storage in warehouses – Ambient / air-conditioned SS629: 

2017

• Singapore Standard Code of practice for food waste management for food retail, wholesale and distribution 

establishments SS 640 : 2018

• Tripartite Guidelines on Fair Employment Practices (TAFEP)

• Forest Stewardship Council (FSC)

Packaging Partnership Programme (PPP) 

The Singapore Packaging Agreement (SPA) is a 

voluntary agreement and joint initiative by the 

government, industry and NGOs to reduce packaging 

waste in Singapore. We became a signatory of the 

Agreement in 2018. In 2019, we were conferred the 

Excellence Award (MNC and LLE) by SPA for our 

exemplary efforts in reducing packaging waste. 

With the agreement ending on 30 June 2020, the 

National Environment Agency has partnered the 

Singapore Manufacturing Federation (SMF) to create 

the Packaging Partnership Programme (PPP). The 

PPP is a joint capability development programme 

that will support companies in fulfilling their 

new obligations under the Mandatory Packaging 

Reporting framework commencing on 1 January 

2021, as well as enable the sharing of best practices 

in sustainable packaging waste management. Sheng 

Siong became a member of the PPP in October 2020. 

Climate Action SG: Climate Friendly Households 

Programme

“Switch and Save – Use LED” (SSUL) is a Climate 

Action SG initiative that started in August 2018 

to encourage households living in 1 and 2-room 

HDB flats to use LED lights. The “Climate Friendly 

Households Programme” is an extension of the 

“Switch and Save – Use LED” (SSUL) Programme by 

the National Environment Agency (NEA). Launched 

on 28 November 2020, the “Climate Friendly 

Households Programme” provides e-Vouchers to 

households living in 1- , 2- and 3-room HDB flats 

to purchase energy and water efficient appliances 

and fittings. Eligible households will receive a 

$25 voucher by the government to purchase LED 

lights from participating retailers. Sheng Siong is 

one of the supermarket retailers which accept the 

e-Vouchers for the purchase of LED lights.

MEMBERSHIP OF ASSOCIATIONS

We are a member of the following associations:

• 

Food Drinks &amp; Allied Workers Union (FDAWU)

• 

Corporate Member of Singapore Chinese 

Chamber of Commerce and Industry (SCCCI)

• 

Singapore Business Federation (SBF)

Singapore Healthier Choice Symbol Programme

By 2020, the number of products under our 

housebrands carrying the Healthier Choice Symbol 

(HCS) had increased to 89 products, up from 25 

products in 2017. These products include brown rice, 

red rice, cooking oil, red cargo rice vermicelli, baked 

beans, sardines in tomato sauce and wholemeal 

bread products. No sugar added fruit juice, and 

instant oatmeal are some of the latest additions to 

the rank.

NS Mark Accreditation (2017 – 2020)

We have pledged and signed the declaration of 

support for National Service and Total Defence 

2017-2020. The NS Mark is a national-level 

accreditation scheme that recognises businesses 

and organisations with policies and human resource 

practices that support National Service and Total 

Defence.

SGX Fast Track 

In 2019, Sheng Siong has been included in the SGX 

Fast Track until the next review cycle in 2021. SGX 

Fast Track recognizes the efforts and achievements 

of listed issuers that have upheld high standards 

of corporate governance and maintained a good 

compliance track record. This allows the Group 

to receive prioritised clearance for submissions of 

corporate actions to SGX RegCo.

Digital Participation Pledge (IMDA)

Amid a technology-driven landscape, improving the 

digital readiness of our employees is paramount to 

our success. We took the Digital Participation Pledge 

initiated by the Infocomm Media Development 

Authority (IMDA) in 2019 to show our commitment 

in supporting our employees to acquire digital skills 

and encouraging our stakeholders to use our digital 

services. 

 Sustainable Employment Pledge 

In 2019, we joined the Singapore Business Federation 

in pledging our commitments towards sustainable 

employment by taking purposeful actions towards 

treating our employees fairly and with respect, and 

supporting them to contribute their best to our 

business.



“My work scope requires me to get in 

touch with suppliers and shipping vendors 

all the time. Email is one of the main 

communication tools between me and 

these external parties, but it is also one of 

the most vulnerable. The training from the 

cybersecurity workshop has allowed me 

to practice higher vigilance when opening 

emails. We learn to look out for signs of 

business email compromise and spear 

phishing. When in doubt, we should always 

consult our IT personnel.” 

Mr Lee Xuan Hao (25, Accounts Associate)

CYBERSECURITY 

WORKSHOP



SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

45

44

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

47

46

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020



CARE FOR OUR 

CUSTOMERS

A Responsible Retailer


CARE FOR OUR CUSTOMERS

A RESPONSIBLE RETAILER

GATEKEEPER OF CONSUMER HEALTH &amp; SAFETY

As a supermarket operator, we recognise our responsibility as the final gatekeeper in the supply chain to 

safeguard the health, safety and interests of our customers. Our promise to our customers is based on 

three core pillars: Quality, Service and Price. We take responsibility in providing accurate and sufficient 

product and marketing information for shoppers to make informed choices. We also protect the privacy 

of personal information that our customers entrust to us.

In the supermarket retail business, the supply chain is a long and complex one. We work with over 1,500 

local and international suppliers including farmers, manufacturers, local distributors, concessionaires, 

importers and exporters. They supply us with a wide range and variety of groceries, household products 

and fresh produce.

As we work with various types of suppliers, the boundaries for some of these material topics may be 

beyond our reasonable purview. However, we seek to continuously improve the selection procedures of our 

suppliers and products, while monitoring their operation standards. We recognise our ability to influence 

our supply chain, and strive to do so positively within reasonable means.  

MEETING ESSENTIAL NEEDS

When the COVID-19 pandemic triggered panic buying and pantry loading among  consumers, Sheng Siong 

saw it as our primary responsibility to meet the heightened demands for essential goods, and to provide 

assurance of stable supplies to our customers. We worked quickly with our suppliers and partners to 

ensure shelves are re-stocked as quickly as possible. To ensure minimal disruption to the supplies, we 

activated alternate sources to increase our inventory and made plans to procure items earlier. 

Importantly, the focus on food security in Singapore has sharpened amidst the pandemic, and we strive 

to continue to support local producers to achieve the national target of producing 30% of our nutritional 

needs locally by 2030.

Year

2017

2018

2019

2020

Supermarket Sub-Sector CSISG

72.4

72.9

73.6

69.9

Sheng Siong CSISG

72.4

73.1

73.7

70.7

Ranking

2nd

2nd 

2nd 

2nd (excluding 

Marketplace/

Jasons which 

were included 

in the study 

this year)   

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION

Sheng Siong’s tagline “All for you” reflects our organisation’s focus on customer care and service. It is 

one of the Group’s key objectives to constantly improve consumer experience at all our retail outlets. 

Our score on the Customer Satisfaction Index of Singapore (CSISG) has improved consistently over the 

last few years: 

In 2020, the CSISG score was obtained through 

panel interviews conducted online, instead of face 

to face like previous years. The research team has 

cautioned that because of this change in data 

collection methodology, a year-on-year performance 

would not be comparable.  However, we are pleased 

that we continue to achieve a higher score than 

the Supermarket Sub-Sector, and continue to rank  

2nd place among supermarket retailers in Singapore.

Ranked 

2nd

in customer satisfaction for four consecutive 

years among supermarket retailers in Singapore

522 employees were rewarded for good service 

rendered to our customers in 2020 (compared 

to 540 in 2019, 326 in 2018 and 284 in 2017). To 

fulfil the evolving needs of our consumers, 49 of 

our stores (out of 63 as at end 2020) are opened 

24-hours. During Chinese New Year in 2020, 23 

of our stores remained open on  the two public 

holidays.

Omni-Channel Sales Channels

We continue to offer online grocery shopping service 

to customers through our “allforyou.sg” e-commerce 

platform. In 2020, due to COVID-19, we saw a higher 

demand for the delivery of groceries. To meet the 

demand, we increased our online grocery delivery 

capacity. We will be making improvements to our 

online grocery shopping platform, and will continue 

to explore  ways to leverage on technology to 

improve our efficiency and last-mile delivery.

Customer Engagement

Communication and engagement with our customers 

are crucial as we believe that constructive feedback 

will keep us grounded and help us to better 

understand their needs. Our presence on social 

media platforms such as Facebook allow us to better 

communicate and engage with our customers in a 

more direct manner, providing them with greater 

accessibility to after-sales care. As at end 2020, 

we have over 100,000 followers on Facebook. In 

2020, our complaint to compliment ratio was 1.29, 

a slight improvement from our 2018 ratio of 1.40. 

We will continue to build on our social media 

engagements by building presence on other social 

media platforms and to provide relevant content 

and information to our customers. 

Affordability of Daily Necessities

We continue to collaborate closely with government 

agencies such as the Singapore Food Agency (SFA) 

and SingStat to monitor excessive price increases 

in daily necessities to address profiteering and 

anti-competitive practices in Singapore. In 2019, 

we took a step further and supported the launch 

of the Price Kaki mobile application developed by 

the Consumers Association of Singapore (CASE) and 

supported by the Ministry of Trade and Industry 

(MTI). Price Kaki allows consumers to compare and 

contribute in-store retail and promotional prices 

of common household items and groceries on its 

platform, thereby empowering consumers to make 

informed purchasing decisions.

Diversification is also practised in our sourcing and 

procurement strategy to ensure a sustainable supply 

of food and products at a stable and affordable 

price. Regular market research and benchmarking 

are conducted to ensure that Sheng Siong provides 

the best value in a basket of essential goods.

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

49

48

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


4%

growth in market share of Singapore’s 

supermarket/hypermarket segment (18% in 2020 

compared to 14% in 2017)  

Customers-Centric Initiatives

Our market share1 of Singapore’s supermarket/

hypermarket segment has grown from about 14% 

in 2017 to 14.9% in 2018, 16.2% in 2019, and 18.0% 

in 2020. The continuous growth in our market 

share is a good proxy indicator for our success in 

improving customer satisfaction notwithstanding 

the increase in store count. Besides, we also 

implemented the following initiatives to enhance 

customer satisfaction in 2020:

• 

Extension of 3% Special Discount for Senior 

Citizens every Wednesday

• 

3% Special Discount for the Merdeka Generation 

every Tuesday from 1st July 2019 to 31st 

December 2020

• 

Completed roll-out of Hybrid Self-Checkout 

systems that shorten customers’ queue time

• 

Completed roll-out of Cash Withdrawal Machines 

“$TM” that provide value-added service to our 

customers at their convenience

• 

Continued to reward lucky customers for their 

loyalty through the Sheng Siong Mega Promotion 

Campaign (The Sheng Siong Show)

• 

Improved procedures and increased awareness 

among employees to ensure the safety of 

customers in our stores 

HEALTHIER DIET CHOICES, HEALTHIER SINGAPORE

We care about our impact on consumers’ health, 

which is why we seek to continuously improve 

the health and nutritional standards of processed 

food products under our housebrands. This is in 

line with the national movement towards leading a 

healthier lifestyle, which saw the Health Promotion 

Board (HPB) introduce the Healthier Choice Symbol 

(HCS) programme for packaged food products to 

help consumers make healthier choices in their 

grocery shopping. As of 2020, we carry over 2,500 

products with the Healthier Choice Symbol.

Heathier Choice

Innovation in product development makes healthy 

eating affordable for customers. With COVID-19 

raising awareness on the need for healthy eating, 

we have continued to develop more products that 

meets the Healthier Choice Symbol criteria. In May 

2020, we introduced the Heritage Farm Instant 

Oatmeal 500g,  a product that is low in sodium, 

high in dietary fibre, trans fat-free and cholesterol-

free. It is made of 100% Australian Wholegrain Oat 

and carries the Healthier Choice Symbol. 



1 Source: NielsenIQ Retailer Flash Report – December 2020

CARE FOR OUR CUSTOMERS

A RESPONSIBLE RETAILER

Trans Fat Free

In total, we now have 89 housebrand products 

(compared to 85 in 2019, 65 in 2018, and 25 in 2017) 

carrying the HCS, and 261 housebrand products (216 

in 2019, and 186 in 2018) that are trans fat free. 

These include canned seafood, canned vegetables, 

canned fruit, rice, confectionaries, cooking oil, tidbits, 

instant beverages, canned tuna and condiments. 

Partially hydrogenated oil (PHO) is the main source 

of trans fat in the Singaporean diet and is linked 

to increased risk of cardiovascular diseases.  Four 

high-risk food categories - baked goods, snacks, 

ready meals and spreads make up the majority 

of packaged foods containing PHO. Sheng Siong 

recognises the Singapore government’s call to take 

action to eliminate the use of PHO in food and 

commits to the PHO-Free pledge by ensuring that 

172 of our housebrand products, across the four 

high-risk food categories, are PHO-free by June 

2020 ‒ one year ahead of the effective date of the 

ban. We will continue to work with our suppliers 

to expand the range and selection of healthier 

choice products.

Since 2017, we partnered the HPB in the “Eat, Drink, 

Shop Healthy Challenge” to encourage consumers 

to make healthier choices during their daily grocery 

shopping. For every HCS product purchased, 

customers can scan the QR code generated on 

their receipts to be awarded Healthpoints. These 

Healthpoints can be used to redeem grocery 

shopping vouchers. 

KEEPING OUR PRODUCTS FRESH AND SAFE

Maintenance of the cold chain is important for 

preserving the safety, freshness, shelf life and 

quality (including nutritional value and sensory 

characteristics) of fresh produce while reducing 

wastage from spoilage throughout the supply 

chain. We adopted the Cold Chain Management in 

the storage and handling of our fresh produce in 

2011. This covers major supply chain links including 

transportation, distribution as well as storage at 

our logistics centre and retail outlets. In addition, 

we have attained ISO 22000:2005 Food Safety 

Management System certification since 2016 for 

our processing facility where we process seafood, 

meat and vegetables and repackaged dried food, 

frozen food and fruits. At our stores, an internal 

grading system has been put in place to check 

and improve hygiene and cleanliness. 

As part of our Quality Assurance Programme, we 

have a self-test programme to check and review 

products that are prone to food safety issues. We 

send samples of products and fresh produce from 

our logistics centre regularly to an external lab to 

test microbial, chemical and pesticide residue levels.

CERTIFICATIONS

• 

HACCP certified since 2013

• 

ISO 22000:2005 Food Safety Management 

System certified since 2016

NON-COMPLIANCE

In 2020, we had seven incidents relating to food 

safety, of which six were raised by the authorities, and 

one from an internal audit. Whenever such incidents 

arise, our suppliers are immediately informed, and 

the products are recalled and disposed of. We 

received two warnings and four non-significant 

monetary fines from the relevant authorities*. We 

have since taken actions to prevent such lapses.

We also received two warnings and two non-

significant monetary fines* for non-compliance 

concerning product and service information and 

labelling. There have been no cases of non-

compliance concerning marketing communications 

that have resulted in a fine, penalty or warning. 

*Significant monetary fines are defined as being 

greater than $1,000 per incident.

RESPECTING CUSTOMER PRIVACY

Every year, we run two seasons of our weekly “Sheng 

Siong Show” where customers can participate for 

prizes by submitting their receipts at our retail 

outlets. To protect the privacy of customer data, 

receipts which contain personal particulars of 

customers are shredded fortnightly.

Sheng Siong complies with the Personal Data 

Protection Act (PDPA) which governs the collection, 

use and disclosure of personal data which has taken 

effect since 2014. Our IT policy comprises of regular 

risk assessment that allows us to monitor and 

establish safeguards within our systems to prevent 

breaches. In 2020, there were zero substantiated 

complaints received concerning breaches of customer 

privacy or loss of customers’ data.

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

51

50

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

53

52

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020



CARE FOR OUR 

EMPLOYEES

A Responsible Employer




CARE FOR OUR EMPLOYEES 

A RESPONSIBLE EMPLOYER

BUILDING AN INCLUSIVE WORKPLACE

We value and recognise the contributions of our colleagues, and strive to provide a safe and conducive 

working environment based on an inclusive, productive, innovative and ownership-driven culture. We observe 

the Tripartite Guidelines on Fair Employment Practices (TAFEP) and are committed to the principles of equality 

and non-discrimination, with equal treatment of  employees regardless of gender, age, race or religion.

As at 31st Dec 2020, Sheng Siong has a workforce of 3608 employees with an equal gender distribution. 

Most of our employees are engaged on a full-time basis in Singapore. 99% of our managerial employees are 

Singapore Citizens or Permanent Residents.







50.64%

42.63%

3.41%

3.33%

Female (Permanent)

Female (Temporary)

Male (Permanent)

Male (Temporary)

As at 31 December 2020

Distribution of Sheng Siong 

Employees by Employment 

Contract and Gender



“I used to work at a shipyard before joining Sheng 

Siong. Since then, I have been with this big family for 

11 years and counting. I have been posted to three 

stores during my time in Sheng Siong and wherever 

I go, my colleagues and I focus on working together 

as a team to get things done. Customers can place 

their seafood orders with me in English or Mandarin. 

Some customers are surprised that I can understand 

Mandarin. Actually, my Mandarin is pretty fluent as 

my wife is a Chinese. I can also understand a little 

bit of the Hokkien dialect. In all, I enjoy serving and 

chatting with my customers, and working alongside my 

colleagues, I am really happy working here.”  

Mr Visvanathan A/L Jesudas  

(40, Seafood Processing Worker)



INCLUSIVE 

WORKSPACE

EMBRACING DIVERSITY

Sheng Siong’s flat corporate hierarchy fosters close, transparent and direct communication between employees 

and top-level management. We are family-friendly, approachable and maintain an open-door policy. 

Our whistleblowing policy offers a channel for our employees to raise sensitive issues without the fear of 

retaliation. Proper procedures have been established to address complaints with regards to abusive, fraudulent, 

unethical behaviour and misconduct of our employees.

In 2020, we encountered zero cases of incidents relating to discrimination.







53.58%

42.49%

3.55%

0.39%

Female Full-Time

Female Part-Time

Male Full-Time

Male Part-Time

As at 31 December 2020

Composition of Board of Directors

Distribution of Sheng Siong 

Employees by Employment 

Type and Gender

Males

30-50 

years old

Females

over 50 

years old

8

2

2

8

Composition of 

Board by gender

Composition of 

Board by age group





SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

55

54

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020














CARE FOR OUR EMPLOYEES 

A RESPONSIBLE EMPLOYER







51.6%

45.3%

0.7%

2.4%

Female Non-Managerial

Female Managerial

Managerial

Male Non-Managerial

Non-Managerial

&lt;30 yo

Male Managerial

As at 31 December 2020

As at 31 December 2020

Percentage of Employees per 

Employee Category (Managerial/

Non-Managerial)1 by Gender

Percentage of Employees 

per Employee Category 

(Managerial/Non-

Managerial)1 by Age Group

24.9%

37.9%

34.1%

0.6%

2.4%

0.1%

30-50 yo

&gt;50 yo

1 The managerial category is made up of staff from the rank of "assistant manager" and above.

Sheng Siong practices transparency and equal treatment in 

remuneration and promotion prospects. There is no disparity 

in pay scale and career opportunities for reasons arising 

from gender, religion, and race in each employee category.

EMPLOYEE RIGHTS

Sheng Siong complies with Singapore’s Employment Act for the minimum notice period provided to employees 

in the event of a contract termination. At least two weeks’ notice period or two weeks’ salary in lieu of notice 

is given to an affected employee of a non-managerial role who has served for a minimum of two years, and 

at least one month’s notice period or one month’s salary in lieu of notice if he/she has served for a minimum 

of five years.

At least one month’s notice period or one month’s salary in lieu of notice is given to an affected employee in 

a managerial position.

Other changes to employment arrangements such as change of work shifts and location of work are discussed 

amicably with the employee before an agreement is reached.

97.6% of total employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. The notice period and provisions 

for consultation and negotiation are specified in the collective agreements and are binding for three years. 

Both parties may commence negotiation for a new collective agreement three months before the current 

agreement expires.

REWARDING WORK EFFORT AND EXCELLENCE

We strongly believe that our employees play a critical role in the success of our business and we provide due 

recognition for their excellence. In addition to the common remuneration benefits, we have committed to a 

profit-sharing scheme to reward our employees’ good performance.

We also reward our employees based on the following merits:

• Long service

• Innovation

• Making recommendations for new products

• Excellent service

• Reporting theft - Everyone is an effective “security officer”

• Workplace safety

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

57

56

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


























CARE FOR OUR EMPLOYEES 

A RESPONSIBLE EMPLOYER

























Female

Female

Male

Male

Rate of New Hires

Rate of Turnover

Total Number and Rate of New Hires by Age Group and 

Gender in FY2019 and FY2020

Total Number and Rate of Employee Turnover by Age group and 

Gender in FY2019 and FY2020

&lt;30 yo

&lt;30 yo

&lt;30 yo

&lt;30 yo

170

156

202

144

546

446

297

184

73

50

75

72

261

192

316

206

87

81

124

178

151

136

60

49

78.6%

70.8%

29.06%

23.73%

63.3%

51.7%

32.28%

20.00%

46.2%

34.0%

46.07%

31.99%

27.2%

24.9%

28.15%

20.07%

11.7%

10.9%

16.72%

24.0%

39.9%

27.3%

37.50%

36.00%

30-50 yo

30-50 yo

2019

2019

2020

2020

30-50 yo

30-50 yo

&gt;50 yo

&gt;50 yo

&gt;50 yo

&gt;50 yo



OVERALL RATE OF 

NEW HIRES: 

31.3%

VS. 41.8% IN 2018

VS. 40.6% IN 2019



VS. 33.5% IN 2019

OVERALL RATE OF 

TURNOVER: 

24.3%

VS. 31.9% IN 2018

STAFF TRAINING

At Sheng Siong, new employees are welcomed 

into the company through a one-day orientation 

programme. We place a strong emphasis on on-

the-job training as we believe it assimilates 

a new employee into his or her job’s role and 

responsibilities more easily. 

Since 2018 and well into 2019, the rapid expansion 

of the Group coupled with the tightening of foreign 

labour policy has resulted in a manpower strain. 

In 2020, the circumstance was exacerbated by 

COVID-19. It was challenging to send our employees 

for formal training continuously without having a 

drastic impact on our business functions. However, 

Sheng Siong remains committed to the training 

and skills upgrading of our staff. There is a strong 

emphasis for on- the-job training due to the nature 

of our business, and we believe that this will remain 

the foundation of our training method as learning 

through role modelling and from experience is 

fundamental to our operational effectiveness. We 

assess the skills and performance of our employees 

on a regular basis, and are quick to share learning 

points across our communication channels with 

all employees. Daily staff briefings and monthly 

meetings with store managers and head of 

departments are also opportunities to deliver bite-

sized trainings.

We have decided to set up a more structured 

approach to our training and are currently exploring 

the adoption of on-the-go e-learning as a training 

platform to deliver bite-sized trainings that can 

be more easily accessed and employees are more 

receptive to. In 2019, to prepare for the completion 

of our training supermarket as part of the new 

extension of our HQ and distribution centre, we 

embarked on a ‘train our trainers’ programme 

with our partner, ITE College Central. The specially 

tailored programme saw our core team of trainers 

developing 

structured 

training 

curriculum, 

materials, delivery and assessment methodologies. 

The set-up of the training supermarket has been 

delayed and is expected to be completed by 2022.



“As a store manager, I need to think on my 

feet to resolve issues at the store every 

day and as much as we try to prevent 

accidents, accidents may still happen in 

our store premises or in public areas at our 

doorstep. At times like this, it is important 

to stay calm and composed, and first aid 

training has given me the confidence to 

respond promptly to injuries before trained 

medical personnel arrive.  I am glad that 

the company has sent me for first aid 

training as I learn how to use the Automated 

External Defibrillator (AED) properly and I 

am definitely more confident in performing 

cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) and 

applying bandaging for injuries.”   



Mdm Zhan Hainan (52, Senior Executive) 

STAFF TRAINING 

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

59

58

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


CARE FOR OUR EMPLOYEES 

A RESPONSIBLE EMPLOYER

Our employee upgrading courses include the following:

























2018

2018

2018

2018

2019

2019

2019

2019

2020

2020

2020

2020

2.8

1.5

2.01

1.3

1.4

0.7

0.9

13.7

1.0

8.9

0.3

8.5

Female

Managerial

Male

Non-managerial

Average Training Hours Per 

Employee by Gender

Average Training Hours Per Employee 

by Employee Category

• Frontline Cashier Skills

• Proficiency in the English language

• Management Trainee Programme

• Ongoing Product Knowledge Workshops 

• First-Aid

• Workplace &amp; Fire Safety

• Food Safety &amp; Hygiene

• Digital &amp; Social Marketing

• Cyber Security &amp; Awareness

• Others

WORKPLACE SAFETY AND HEALTH

Our 

Workplace 

Safety 

and 

Health 

(WSH) 

management system is developed based on the 

result of our risk assessment and covers all our 

employees, business activities and locations of our 

business operations. The last risk assessment was 

conducted in 2019. Our WSH policies comply with 

the Singapore Workplace Safety and Health Act. As 

part of compliance, the Group is required to set up 

a Workplace Safety and Health Committee. We also 

abide by the Fire Safety Act and have developed an 

Emergency Response Plan (ERP) and established a 

Company Emergency Response Team (CERT).

100% of our workforce is represented by two joint 

management-worker WSH Committees – one for our 

warehousing and distribution centre, and the other 

for our stores. The committees report to the Risk 

Management and Business Continuity Committee 

that is chaired by the Executive Director.

Each WSH Committee:

• Meets on a monthly basis to discuss matters 

related to WSH and fire safety.

• Conducts monthly workplace inspections and 

provide reports documenting the observations 

and recommendations on remedial actions 

required.

• Investigates and reports on accidents and 

recommend actions to be taken.

• Promotes WSH among colleagues.

• Collects feedback on WSH related issues from 

employees.

• Conducts regular WSH related training and staff 

briefings.

We have been working with a professional WSH 

consultant since 2015 to advise us on our Group’s 

WSH related issues. Regular review meetings are 

also conducted with our insurance brokerage firm 

which also provides advice on risk management.

Based on an analysis conducted in 2020, the most 

common causes of our workplace injuries include:

• Cut or laceration – 41.8%1

• Hit by/against objects – 25.4% 1

• Over-exertions – 17.4%

• Others – 4.9%

*These data include minor first aid cases.

#The data should read 0.028 instead of 28 because of a conversion 

error.

Safety Performance in 2020 

Although we have not reduced the number of 

workplace accidents, improving workplace safety 

measures such as making it mandatory to wear anti-

cut gloves, safety-shoes, and ergonomic coaching 

on heavy-lifting, have resulted in the reduction of 

the severity of the accidents that have taken place. 

In 2020, we saw a 2.5-fold increase in the number 

of accidents involving customers which was 

primarily driven by higher customer traffic during 

the circuit-breaker period. More than 50% of 

the incidents involved customers slipping and/

or falling. It was observed that customers were 

purchasing in bigger volumes and leaving shopping 

baskets on the floor, sometimes unattended. There 

were also more frequent intense heavy rainfall 

events in Singapore, which resulted in more 

instances of slippery surfaces in our retail space.  

2019

2020

 No. of Fatalities

0

0

*No. of workplace accidents per    

100 employees

7

8

*No. of accidents involving 

customers per million 

transactions

2.72

9.64

 No. of motor accidents per 100 

delivery trips

#0.028

0.020

1 The data for ‘Cut or laceration’ should read 38.1% in 2019 instead of 29.0%, and ‘Hit by/against objects’ is 26% instead of 18.6% 

because of re-categorisation of the causes of injuries into broader groupings.

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

61

60

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


CARE FOR OUR EMPLOYEES 

A RESPONSIBLE EMPLOYER

There were also more cases of customers falling 

on travellators. Remedial actions were immediately 

taken which included using the in-store public 

announcement system to remind customers to 

be mindful, more frequent drying of floors during 

rainy season, and putting up safety messages at the 

travellators. We will continue to work with our Safety 

Consultant in hazard proofing our retail area, and 

improve the training of our colleagues in workplace 

safety, to create a safe shopping environment for 

our customers.

Our employees are encouraged to report on potential 

WSH hazards and may report these anonymously 

through our feedback box. Our whistleblowing 

procedure allows our employees to raise their 

concerns in confidence and remain protected 

against reprisals.

Our sub-contractors make up less than 0.5% of our 

workforce and are required to comply with our WSH 

policies. Their management is given direct access 

to provide feedback to our Group’s management. 

While Sheng Siong does not manage our suppliers’ 

responsibilities towards their employees’ safety and 

health, we will continue to explore how the Group 

can play a positive role in fostering workplace safety 

and health along the supply chain.

NON-COMPLIANCE

In 2020, the Group received three fines of which 

two are non-significant monetary fine and one 

costing S$2,000.00 for not ensuring that the 

residential address of an employee was updated 

in the MOM’s register. The offences have been 

corrected immediately, and we have stepped up on 

checks with our foreign employees. We continued 

to identify gaps in our risk management on the 

use of equipment and our safe work procedures, 

and worked closely with our safety partners and 

consultants in the training of our employees and 

conducting audits to ensure that safety procedures 

are complied with. When incidents occur, affected 

employees will be briefed again on the safety 

procedures. Such lessons are also shared during 

staff briefings with the wider group of employees, 

and everyone is strongly reminded to follow 

established safety procedures.

WORKPLACE SAFETY TRAINING &amp; EDUCATION

Every year, we conduct two refresher training 

sessions on the use of forklifts and electronic power 

jacks at our distribution centre. We also continue to 

provide training in:

• 

First Aid

• 

Fire Safety

• 

Emergency Response

A group sharing channel has also been established 

to send regular safety reminders, promote learning 

from accidents that have occurred within the Group, 

as well as sharing of best safety practices.

PROVIDING MORE HEALTHCARE BENEFITS

We partner government agencies and NGOs to 

promote workplace health and safety. We were 

conferred the HEALTH AWARD 2019 – Special 

Mention Award by the Singapore Health Promotion 

Board (HPB) for our participation in the workplace 

health promotion programme which consisted of 

health screening, health and ergonomic coaching 

and enhancement of our company’s meals by 

adopting less oil, less salt and less sugar in our 

food preparation. Towards the end of 2019, we 

collaborated with the HPB to organise weekly 

Kickboxing Fitness Classes for our employees at our 

HQ Office.

In 2020, we distributed gloves, face masks, and 

hand sanitisers to our employees to protect them 

against the transmission of COVID-19. The Company 

also provided additional paid leave days for cases 

where quarantined orders or stay-home-notices 

were issued.

We offer medical benefits by reimbursing our 

employees for medical consultation fees charged by 

government polyclinics or hospitals. Employees who 

face financial difficulties and challenging medical 

conditions may also apply for financial assistance 

from us.

Every year, our founders also distribute healthcare 

equipment 

such 

as 

electronic 

toothbrushes 

and massage pads to our employees to promote 

preventive care and healthy living.

CARE FOR EMPLOYEES 

To ease the rising cost of living and encourage our 

employees to eat more healthily, we introduced a 

staff purchase scheme in 2017 for groceries and 

fresh produce at our stores. Last year, the scheme 

cost us more than $537,000, an increase of 40.5% 

as compared to 2019.

Other employee benefits that promote work-life 

balance and a pro-family culture include:

• 

Annual family day

• 

Family care leave

• 

Marriage leave and a congratulatory gift are 

given to eligible staff to prepare for their 

wedding or honeymoon

• 

A newborn care package is presented to female 

employees and the wives of our male employees 

who have given birth

• 

Bereavement contributions to employees for 

the loss of their loved ones

• 

Flexi-work arrangements were introduced back 

in 2015. Our employees are allowed to take half-

day leave. We also provide them with flexibility 

in work-time arrangements as required.

This year, another 46 employees received their long 

service award for 20 years of service to the Group.

 

SUSTAINABLE EMPLOYMENT PLEDGE

In 2019, we joined the Singapore Business Federation 

in pledging our commitments towards sustainable 

employment, recognising that we play an important 

role as an employer to take purposeful actions 

towards treating our employees fairly and with 

respect, and supporting them to contribute their 

best to our business. 



SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

63

62

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

65

64

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020



CARE FOR THE 

COMMUNITY

Care for Our Home


CARE FOR THE COMMUNITY

CARE FOR OUR HOME

GIVING BACK TO THE COMMUNITY

It is our policy to give back to the local communities where we operate, by supporting our employees and 

their families as well as contributing to community initiatives organised by NGOs, educational institutions and 

our suppliers. Our approach to community contribution and philanthropic activities are in line with our core 

mission of value creation for our stakeholders.

The Group contributed a total of S$134,700 to community initiatives in 2020. This may not seem like a significant 

amount, but we believe that charitable contributions should go beyond the monetary form. Therefore, when 

it comes to giving back to the community, Sheng Siong’s focus has consistently been a contribution of in-kind 

resources such as space, time, effort and labour.

The supermarket is a space where the community congregates and we believe that we have an important 

role to play in promoting the community spirit, racial harmony and neighbourliness, as well as supporting 

conversations that matter to our community and the environment. 

Due to COVID-19 and the restrictions placed on movement and activities allowed to be carried out at our retail 

stores, there were only a small number of campaigns that were organised in 2020. However, we are happy that 

we were still able to support the following initiatives:

RED CROSS PROJECT R.I.C.E.+

Since 2012, we have collaborated with the Red Cross 

Youth annually in their food donation drive. We 

collect hampers of food, toiletries and household 

items donated by our customers for the needy. Over 

8 years, more than 150,000 hampers garnered were 

donated to the cause. In 2020, over 10,000 hampers 

were collected and donated. With safety measures 

in place, we assisted in preparing the hampers 

for distribution to beneficiaries from skipped-

generation families, single-parent households and 

low-income households. We strongly believe that 

we can do good together with our valued customers 

and partners.

RED CROSS BLOOD DONATION DRIVE

We also supported the Red Cross to encourage the 

public to donate blood near their homes by sharing 

blood donation schedules on our Facebook. Our 

stores which are located near the blood donation 

drives would put up posters to raise awareness. 

SUPPORTING PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES 

Since July 2012, we have been collaborating with 

SPD, a Singapore charity that helps people with 

disabilities, on donation box placements at our 

stores. In 2020, SPD has placed 33 donation boxes 

at 21 Sheng Siong stores. A total of S$21,427.50 was 

collected in 2020.

SUPPORT FOR WORLD NO TOBACCO DAY

The Health Promotion Board (HPB) has a goal to 

bring down smoking rates to less than 10 per cent 

of the population by 2020. Since 2015, Sheng Siong 

has voluntarily supported the “World No Tobacco 

Day” by suspending tobacco sales once a year on 

the 31st of May. 

APPRECIATION FOR FRONTLINE WORKERS

In support of “Public Transport Workers’ Appreciation 

Day” (PTWAD), we showed our appreciation by 

offering a 3% special discount to public transport 

workers. The PTWAD was organised by the Land 

Transport Authority (LTA), in partnership with the 

National Transport Workers’ Union (NTWU) and 

the four Public Transport Operators (PTOs) to 

recognise and celebrate the contributions of 24,000 

public transport workers. A total discount of about 

S$3,800.00 was given for the purchases of the 

public transport workers in the month of November 

2020.

The “Thank Your Cleaner Day” is a day dedicated to 

all cleaners, organised by KARCHER and supported 

by NEA and the Environmental Management 

Association of Singapore. To thank our cleaners who 

were at the frontline keeping our environment clean 

during the pandemic, we offered eight housebrand 

products such as jasmine rice, vegetable oil and 

instant coffee for them to purchase at discounted 

prices. Discount brochures were mailed to the 

cleaners which could be used on selected products 

at all Sheng Siong stores from 21 October to 31 

December 2020.

When a group of nurses from the Singapore General 

Hospital approached us to purchase some pantry 

items in bulk, we decided to take the opportunity 

to show our appreciation and support for their 

dedication during the pandemic by donating in kind 

what they have requested for. 

HELPING WITH RISING COST OF LIVING

While Sheng Siong strives to keep essential products 

affordable, we also believe in extending a helping 

hand to vulnerable groups in the community. In 

2020, we extended our special 3% senior citizen 

discount programme (given out on every Wednesday 

for seniors aged 60 years and above) for another 

year. The Merdeka Generation discount programme 

was launched in 2019 to show our support and 

appreciation towards the Merdeka Generation 

for their contribution towards the development 

of Singapore in the early years. The programme 

offers this group of seniors another 3% discount on 

every Tuesday of the week.  As seniors are more 

susceptible to COVID-19 and were encouraged to 

stay at home during the lock down period, we made 

an exception to allow their family members to enjoy 

these special savings when they purchased groceries 

on their behalf. The total discount provided under 

the two programmes was about S$2.8 million in 

2020, as compared to S$1.4 million in 2021. 

Sheng Siong is one of the major supermarkets which 

participated in the programme to accept grocery 

vouchers given to low-income Singaporeans. The 

grocery voucher programme is part of the Care and 

Support Package rolled out for Budget 2020, aimed 

at helping less well-off Singaporeans with their 

household expenses during this period of economic 

uncertainty. To promote healthy living among the 

beneficiaries, we further supported the programme 

by offering a 5% discount off all Healthier Choice 

Symbol (HCS) products, capped at 5% of voucher 

value. The total discount provided in 2020 was 

about S$41,000.

EDUCATION 

GRANTS 

FOR 

LOWER-SALARIED 

EMPLOYEES’ CHILDREN

The children of our lower-salaried employees are 

entitled to receive an education grant. The Annual 

Education Grant which was incepted in 2013 is fully 

paid for by the three founders of the Group, who are 

also major shareholders. Last year, we disbursed a 

total amount of S$523,200 to 656 children of our 

lower-salaried employees. 



“Raising triplets is not an easy feat and I 

am truly grateful for the education grant 

provided by the company. My three boys 

are currently in Secondary 4 and the $800 

grant that each of them received will go 

a long way, especially since my husband 

has not been able to work for the past two 

years due to health issues. We will use part 

of the grant on necessities for the children 

and put aside the rest for our savings. Life 

has been tough but we are grateful for the 

silver lining in the clouds.” 



Mdm De Kretser Evelyn Bunao  

(51, Cashier)

EDUCATION GRANT 

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

67

66

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


beneficiaries to purchase items at a 50% discount, 

up to a maximum discount of $50. These invited 

beneficiaries typically belong to lower middle-

income families who require some form of financial 

help. Sheng Siong would support by supplying the 

products and setting up booths to sell, as well 

as providing shopping trolleys, baskets, fridges, 

and shopping bags at the events. Our colleagues 

would also volunteer their services as helpers at 

the events to oversee the booths and assist the 

beneficiaries in their shopping. In 2020, the project 

was put on hold because of COVID-19 restrictions. 

We remain committed to support “Project 100=50” 

and look forward to its recommencement in 2021.

CREATING JOB OPPORTUNITIES FOR MINDS’ 

TRAINEES

Since 2014, we have collaborated with the Movement 

for the Intellectually Disabled of Singapore (MINDs) 

through their enclave work model. Every year, we 

host 10 MINDs beneficiaries to work at our vegetable 

packing department. They work alongside our staff, 

dine with us for lunch at our canteen, and are 

invited to our company’s annual family day event 

to socialise with our employees. We continue to 

support the programme today.

MANAGING OUR SUPPLY CHAIN

Singapore imports more than 90% of our food 

sources. To remain competitive and create greater 

value for our shoppers, our Group has adopted a 

direct sourcing strategy over the years, especially 

for our fresh food category. This has not only 

shortened the supply chain and improved savings 

but also helped us to have better oversight on food 

quality, food safety and food security issues. Sheng 

Siong also practises diversification in sourcing to 

keep supplies of our products stable and affordable 

throughout the year and in times of crisis. We work 

with about 1,500 suppliers in our supply chain, where 

87.6% of them are locally-registered companies and 

represent about 93.6% of our total purchases. We 

CARE FOR THE COMMUNITY

CARE FOR OUR HOME

PHILANTROPHIC CONTRIBUTIONS

Our three founders remain committed to supporting 

the philanthropic activities of the Group and have 

contributed to many causes over the years. In 2020, 

they have made contributions in the name of Sheng 

Siong to the:

• 

President’s Challenge 2020

• 

Ang Mo Kio Family Service Centre - Project 

Pilih Pilih

• 

Industrial &amp; Services Co-operative Society Ltd 

(ISCOS) – Gift of Hope programme

• 

ISCOS ReGen Fund - Bursary Awards and Book 

Grants

• 

Asian Medical Foundation (AMF)

• 

The Speak Mandarin Campaign Family Talent 

Competition (formerly known as the Parent-

Child Talent Competition)

• 

Lim See Tai Chong Soo Building Fund

• 

Rare Disease Fund

• 

ALittleChange – ALittleCarePackage 

programme

• 

Heartware Network – “We Love Our Teachers’ 

Project” – Apple of my Eye (WLOTP)

HEARTWARMERS VOLUNTEER GROUP

We have partnered the Heartwarmers Volunteer 

Group to build and expand a ground-up initiative 

called “Project 100=50” since 2017. This project was 

originally a collaboration between multiple parties, 

including Henderson-Dawson CCC, Nee Soon Central 

Grassroots Organisations and Sree Narayana Mission 

Home, and has since expanded to include Tampines 

North CCC, Kembangan-Chai Chee Social Team and 

Jurong Spring CCC. Project 100=50 allows selected 



support our locally-registered suppliers by improving 

communications 

and 

business 

administration 

procedures through our suppliers’ portal and bulk 

handling of their products.

SUPPORTING LOCAL FARMS

During the 2019 Budget, the Singapore government 

announced a target to produce 30% of Singapore’s 

nutritional needs locally by 2030 in a bid to 

strengthen food security amidst increasing threats 

from climate change. The COVID-19 pandemic has 

sharpened the focus on this agenda, driven by 

potential risks of global supply chain disruptions.

We continued to support local vegetable farmers 

such as Quan Fa Organic Farm (全发有机农业), Yili 

Vegetation &amp; Trading Pte Ltd, Kin Yan Agrotech Pte 

Ltd, and local egg farms such as Chew’s Egg, by 

carrying and promoting their products in-store. We 

hope that the presence of local produce at Sheng 

Siong’s mass market distribution channels will 

encourage venture capital interest for the support 

of farms in Singapore, and help local farmers build 

a strong brand of safe, high quality, and affordable 

locally-produced vegetables, and raise awareness 

among customers.

In November 2020, to further extend our support 

of homegrown produce, we partnered Chew’s Eggs 

to launch our housebrand Heritage Farm Singapore 

Eggs.

SUSTAINABLE SOURCING

We are committed to promoting sustainability and 

resilience along our value chain. We will continue 

to practice diversification in our sourcing strategy 

and intend to enhance our purchasing policies to 

address our material topics with our suppliers. We 

are mindful of our customers’ needs, and while we 

strive to source more sustainably, it is our goal to 

continue to ensure that our products and produce 

remain affordable and competitively priced.

To demonstrate our commitment to sustainable 

sourcing, 86% of our housebrand paper products 

are certified under the Forest Stewardship Council 

(FSC). We also carry a selection of sustainable 

seafood shown in the table below.  In 2020, we 

expanded the list to include Frozen Golden Pompano 

(BAP Certified), and Frozen Toothfish (Dissostichus 

Eleginoides, MSC Certified).

Our Selection of Sustainable Seafood

Seafood Type

Certification

Fresh Norwegian Salmon

GLOBALG.A.P, Global Sustainable Seafood Initiative 

(GSSI)

Frozen Norwegian Mackerel

Marine Stewardship Council (MSC) 

Live Boston Lobsters

Marine Stewardship Council (MSC)

Live Oysters

Ocean Wise Seafood Programme

Frozen Shrimp Paste

Aquaculture Stewardship Council (ASC)

Frozen Golden Pompano

Best Aquaculture Practices (BAP)

Frozen Toothfish 

(Dissotichus Elegionides)

Marine Stewardship Council (MSC)

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

69

68

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020




“Ever since we started collaborating 36 years ago, Sheng Siong has been a very supportive retail 

partner. Having our products listed in Sheng Siong has no doubt grown our brand name in the market. 

Whenever we have new product listings, Sheng Siong would be keen to place our new merchandise 

on their shelves. When we reach out to Sheng Siong to run down our stocks, they would readily 

engage in marketing promotions and have our products arranged at good spots. As a SME, payments 

are crucial to my company’s cashflow and Sheng Siong has always been very prompt in its payments.

Last year, Sing Long has also onboarded the SkillsFuture Queen Bee Project, where Sheng Siong 

is the anchor company that supports training and development for SMEs. Sheng Siong has been 

very generous in sharing their transformation journey and we are keen to adopt their Pick-to-Light 

warehouse system to boost our productivity.”

Sing Long Foodstuff is a homegrown company established in 1983, which specializes in manufacturing 

a wide range of savoury sauces, as well as instant local dessert products that can be served within 

minutes. 

Since 1985, Sing Long has been supplying its products to Sheng Siong. To date, Sing Long is a 

familiar household brand that can be found at all Sheng Siong stores. 

SUPPLIER













Mr Ng Chin Nyan (CEO, Sing Long Foodstuff)

CARE FOR THE COMMUNITY

CARE FOR OUR HOME

SAFE, QUIET AND CLEAN NEIGHBOURHOODS

We continued to work closely with the Singapore Police Force to deter shop thefts. Sheng Siong supermarket 

employees will wear vests bearing the words “SHOPWATCH. May I help you?” that signals our employees are 

present to deter theft. In addition, it is also a non-intrusive way of offering customers assistance for shopping 

needs, thus promoting quality customer service. We have also upgraded our CCTV monitoring system with 

enhanced capabilities in surveillance.

2017

2018

2019

2020

No. of customer thefts

250

257

281

265

No. of stores

44

54

59

63

No. of thefts per store

5.68

4.76

4.76

4.21

To play our part in promoting the quality of life in the heartlands, we worked with town councils to restrict 

delivery times by food suppliers to mitigate noise disturbance in the HDB neighbourhoods. Special delivery 

arrangements are made to ensure deliveries to the stores are carried out at appropriate timings, and extreme 

care is taken during loading and unloading with noise-reducing equipment such as noise-absorbing pallet 

jacks to mitigate the disturbance. In 2020, a total of 26 instances of feedback were received on noise 

disturbances, a 2-fold increase as compared to 2019. This is primarily due to more people staying at home 

during the lock down period. Since a majority of our stores are operating in neighbourhood centres and in 

close proximity to the residents, an increase in the number of feedback were observed. These feedback were 

reviewed and addressed immediately.

LET’S FIGHT SCAMS

Singapore reported a significant increase of 65.1% in scam cases, which made up 42.1% of the overall crime in 

20201. The top ten scams included e-commerce scams and social media impersonation scams. Sheng Siong 

was a victim of various social media impersonation scams where our brand was used purportedly to phish for 

netizens’ personal information or for their money. Since 2018, we have collaborated with the National Crime 

Prevention Council (NCPC) to provide anti-scam and crime prevention training for staff. Posters were placed 

at all outlets to alert customers on the latest scams. Incidents are reported to the Singapore Computer 

Emergency Response Team (SingCERT), part of the Cyber Security Agency of Singapore. In addition, we update 

our social media sites on a timely basis to inform netizens of circulating scams, and encourage the public to 

only trust information from our official website and social media accounts.

1 Source: Annual Crime Brief 2020, Singapore Police Force

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

71

70

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

73

72

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020



CARE FOR THE 

ENVIRONMENT

Conserving Resources


CARE FOR THE ENVIRONMENT 

CONSERVING RESOURCES

In 2016, Singapore joined 170 other countries in signing the Paris Agreement to combat climate change. The 

Sustainable Singapore Blueprint was developed to guide our nation towards the goal of building a more liveable 

and sustainable Singapore. In 2019, our government announced the adoption of circular economy strategies 

towards becoming a Zero Waste Nation, and launched the nationwide ‘Say Yes to Waste Less’ Campaign which 

Sheng Siong supported and participated in. The mandatory waste reporting regulation has also been extended 

to large industrial developments like our distribution centre in 2020. We will also be required to comply with 

the mandatory packaging reporting in 2021.

The recently announced Singapore Green Plan 2030, a national sustainability movement, seeks to rally bold 

and collective action to tackle climate change and strengthen Singapore’s commitments under the UN’s 2030 

Sustainable Development Agenda and Paris Agreement. Sheng Siong recognises its responsibility to be part of 

the Green Plan, and to contribute towards the goal of becoming a Zero Waste Nation.

We adopt the 3Rs ‘reduce, reuse, recycle’ principle in the management of our resources and waste. We have 

always viewed the conservation of resources as a key business objective as doing so will not only contribute 

to a more sustainable environment but also lower our cost. 

REDUCING OUR CARBON FOOTPRINT

Using Solar Energy

To reduce our carbon footprint and our electricity consumption from the grid, a major photovoltaic system was 

installed in 2013 on the rooftop of our Mandai Link Distribution Centre. The panels occupy an area of about 

11,000 square metres, making full use of its available roof area. Upon commissioning in 2014, the installation 

was the largest single photovoltaic (PV) system in Singapore with a capacity of 1,200 kWp (kilowatt-peak). Our 

proactive effort to be environmentally friendly was recognised and it led the Group to become a recipient of the 

Singapore Economic Development Board (EDB) Solar Pioneer Award. In 2020, our PV (Solar) system supplied 

about 10.2% of our total energy usage at our distribution centre, compared to 11.8% in 2019. The decrease was 

due to a section of  solar panels which had to be removed during the construction of the extension to our 

distribution centre and the increase in energy consumption arising from the significant increase in business 

volume.

Improving Energy Efficiency

Our distribution centre has been awarded the BCA Green Mark Compliance for 100% use of LED lights, a cold 

storage heat recovery system, and its rainwater recovery system. 

The completion of our distribution centre in 2011 enabled us to improve our capacity and ability in the 

bulk handling of products for our suppliers by switching from a direct store delivery model to a centralised 

distribution model. We successfully reduced the number of trips our suppliers have to make to deliver to 

our stores - from 50-60 deliveries per day per store in the past, to 5-6 deliveries per day directly from our 

distribution centre today. This enabled us to reduce our carbon footprint associated with the transportation of 

goods. Our warehouse is equipped with efficient inventory and distribution management systems that allow 

us to exercise better control over our logistics operations.

Sheng Siong owns a fleet of 77 delivery vehicles. Since 1 January 2018, the National Environment Agency (NEA) 

requires all new diesel vehicles to meet the Euro VI emission standard. Our fleet replacement policy is to 

choose vehicles with engineering solutions that adhere to the latest emission standards.

All our 63 stores have been fitted with LED lights. LED bulbs are the most efficient lighting choice, using only 

a third of the energy of fluorescent lights and potentially reducing the energy consumption of our lights by up 

to 80%.

Greenhouse Gas Emissions Intensity (kg CO2e per $ revenue) 1

Energy Intensity (Megajoules per $ revenue)

2017

2017

2018

2018

2019

2020

2019

2020

0.297

0.232

0.06

0.05

0.286

0.06

0.263

0.05

1 Both Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions are included in the intensity ratio.

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

75

74

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


CARE FOR THE ENVIRONMENT 

CONSERVING RESOURCES

HQ - Mandai Link HQ cum Distribution Centre 

SN - Store Network

Energy Consumption within Sheng Siong (gigajoules) 1

Electricity Grid 

Consumption2

Fuel 

Consumption3

PV (Solar) 

System4

Total

Non-renewable

Renewable

38,554 (HQ)

45,455 (HQ)

35,016 (HQ)

33,137 (HQ)

210,648 (SN)

227,113 (SN)

37,172 (HQ)

43,371 (HQ)

5,180 (HQ)

5,143 (HQ)

2,662 (SN)

2,713 (SN)

2,914 (SN)

2,256 (SN)

34,664 (HQ)

5,047 (HQ)

177,342 (SN)

146,278 (SN)

30,993 (HQ)

5,455 (HQ)

249,203

272,569

212,358

179,415

39,835

46,084

294,218

323,796

37,578

254,984

33,249

218,119

2019

2020

2018

2017

1 Source: https://www.eia.gov/energyexplained/index.cfm?page=about_energy_conversion_calculator

2 Data on energy consumption is collected through monthly utility bills.

3 Sheng Siong Group’s own ﬂeet of delivery trucks.

4 A monitoring system is installed with our PV (Solar) system. 

Greenhouse Gas Emissions (tons of CO2e)

via Diesel 

Fuel1

via Coolant2

via Purchased 

Electricity3

Total Scope 1 &amp; 2 

Emissions : 

Direct Emissions (Scope-1)

Indirect Emissions (Scope-2)

2,606 

(HQ)

3,040 

(HQ)

2,430 

(HQ)

2,172  

(HQ)

7,609 (HQ)

17,891 (HQ)

17,661 (SN)

19,157 (SN)

24,506 (SN)

25,771 (SN)

4,485 

(HQ)

5,158 

(HQ)

187 (SN)

190 (SN)

204 (SN)

158 (SN)

10,333 (HQ)

13,999 (SN)

20,907 (SN)

4,128 

(HQ)

7,224 (HQ)

11,675 (SN)

17,245 (SN)

3,906  

(HQ)

2,792

3,230

2,634

2,330

25,270

37,049*

*A larger amount of coolant was used because of the opening of new stores and the completion of our warehouse 

extension which consisted of more chiller rooms.

28,992

30,929

24,332

25,035

52,001

18,899

21,151

42,380

1 Source: https://www.eia.gov/environment/emissions/co2_vol_mass.php

2 Source: https://www.epa.gov/sites/production/files/2015-07/documents/fugitiveemissions.pdf United States Environmental 

Protection Agency, Greenhouse Gas Inventory Guidance Direct Fugitive Emissions from Refrigeration, Air Conditioning, Fire 

Suppression, and Industrial Gases Nov 2014

3 Source: https://www.ema.gov.sg/singapore-energy-statistics/Ch02/index2

 Electricity Grid Emissions Factors and Upstream Fugitive Methane Emission Factor

2019

2020

2018

2017

57,054

71,208

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

77

76

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


CARE FOR THE ENVIRONMENT 

CONSERVING RESOURCES

MANAGING OUR WASTE

Managing Food Waste 

SAY YES TO WASTE LESS

Sheng Siong is one the partners in NEA’s “Say YES to Waste Less” (SYTWL) campaign. The second SYTWL 

campaign was launched on 14 September 2020.  With 95 partners and covering more than 2,100 premises, the 

campaign aims to encourage the public to reduce the use of disposables and/or food wastage.  Sheng Siong 

has continued to support efforts to reduce the use of disposables and food wastage by sharing social media 

posts and placing collaterals such as wobblers and decals across our stores. We encourage our customers to 

bring their own bags, to handle our fresh produce with care, to shop wisely and adopt good storage practices 

at home, so as not to waste food and reduce the excessive use of disposables.

In 2020, about 665 million kilograms of food waste1 was generated in Singapore. This is a big problem for land 

scarce Singapore because our only landfill will soon run out of space. In addition, when we waste food, it is 

not just the food that is thrown out, but also the resources and effort devoted to nurturing, delivering and 

marketing it.

We are gravely concerned about the need to reduce and manage food waste and believe that we need to do 

it right from the start. We have put in place sound purchasing and inventory management policies, excellent 

storage and food handling standards and systems, and adopted state-of-the-art packaging and processing 

techniques to prolong the shelf life of our products and produce.

“Reduced to Clear” sections have also been introduced since 2011, where fresh produce that is slightly 

blemished but still wholesome, or that are close to expiry are sold at reduced prices.

Since 2017, we have been collaborating with NEA on a food waste co-digestion project, where source-segregated 

food waste collected from 13 of our stores and distribution centre is sent daily to a facility at Ulu Pandan Water 

Reclamation Plant for co-digestion with used water sludge. This co-digestion process yields more biogas from 

the anaerobic digestion process compared to the treatment of used water sludge alone, thereby enhancing 

energy recovery. In 2018, the project was extended incrementally to include 54 stores, and by 2019, all our 59 

stores were participating in the programme. We continue to extend the programme to all new stores. In 2020, 

we successfully diverted an estimated 2,085 tonnes of food waste generated by all our 63 stores and our 

distribution centre. We installed a patented technology for cleaning the air in our fruits and vegetables chillers 

(at our distribution centre) from all sorts of airborne organic compounds. The equipment effectively removes 

ethylene gas (to prevent premature ripening), bacteria, mold spores and viruses, to prolong the freshness 

and quality of the produce and prevent food loss. Less food waste was also generated because of the higher 

turnover rate of fresh food at our retail stores.

2018

2019

2020

Food Waste Recycled (Tons)

2,340

3,035

2,085

Food Waste Recycled per sqft* (kg)

5.19

5.97

3.74

*Weighted average ﬂoorspace area (not including distribution centre)

1  https://www.nea.gov.sg/our-services/waste-management/3r-programmes-and-resources/food-waste-management

Reducing Packaging Waste

The excessive usage and disposal of plastics continues to be one of the most concerning environmental 

problems today. The debate continues regarding the best way to address this problem, from incentivising 

bringing-your-own bags to imposing a plastic bag charge. There is also an ongoing debate on whether reusable 

bags are more harmful to the environment if they are not reused enough times1 , or if disposables made from 

paper or other biodegradable materials are indeed better for the environment2.

There is no straightforward solution to this complex problem which has been perpetuated by our over-reliance 

on  single-use plastic for convenience. However, the message is clear – there needs to be a concerted effort 

with every stakeholder doing what is within their means to reduce our dependency on plastics.

NEA Citizens’ Workgroup on Reducing Excessive Consumption of Disposables

Sheng Siong participated in the “NEA Citizens’ Workgroup on Reducing Excessive Consumption of Disposables” 

as a panellist to provide industry insights to the workgroup participants. The Citizens’ Workgroup was convened 

from Sep 2020 to Feb 2021 where participants came together to discuss inclusive recommendations to address 

the issues of excessive consumption of disposables. More details on the recommendations will be provided 

in the next report. We will also work with the Government and other relevant stakeholders to further develop 

and implement the recommendations. 

Continuation of Efforts in Reducing Packaging Waste

Sheng Siong has been a signatory to the Singapore Packaging Agreement (SPA) since 2018. In 2019, we were 

conferred the Excellence Award (Multinational Company and Local Large Enterprise Category) by SPA for 

our exemplary efforts in reducing packaging waste. By 2020, the SPA agreement ended, and we joined the 

Packaging Partnership Programme which is created by the National Environment Agency in partnership with 

the Singapore Manufacturing Federation (SMF). It is a joint capability development programme that will 

support companies in fulfilling their new obligations under the Mandatory Packaging Reporting framework 

commencing on 1 January 2021, as well as enable the exchange of best practices in sustainable packaging 

waste management.

We have completed a review of the packaging used for our housebrand products to make sure that they fall 

within the “Lightest” to “Median” range of the Packaging Benchmarking Database developed by the SPA. This 

is only applicable for products where information about the packaging is available.

Some of the initiatives we have continued to implement include:

1. 

Making a conscientious effort in the design and choice of packaging when developing new housebrand 

products.

2. 

Working with suppliers to replace styrofoam packing with alternative materials such as paper cartons 

wherever possible without compromising on the freshness and quality of our fresh food products.

3. 

Collaborating with partners to continue raising awareness on the need to reduce plastic usage, and 

actions that every shopper can take.

1 Life cycle study conducted by the Finnish Environment Institute (SYKE) in 2009

2 Study commissioned by the NEA in 2016 and released in 2018

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

79

78

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


CARE FOR THE ENVIRONMENT 

CONSERVING RESOURCES

1  The formula used for calculating overall recycling rate is the total waste recycled divided by total waste generated (sum of total 

waste recycled and general waste disposed). In 2020, the total waste generated is 16,291 tons.

Recycling and Reducing Our Waste

We partner a handful of our suppliers to reuse plastic crates for the supply of our fresh vegetables, fruits, 

seafood and eggs. Styrofoam boxes that are typically used by suppliers to supply temperature-sensitive 

products are also washed, sanitised and reused internally. Excess styrofoam boxes are collected to be recycled.

We sort our waste conscientiously for recycling. A paper-compacting machine is used to compact carton 

boxes (collected from the stores) into cubes to reduce the space required for delivery to the recycling plant. 

We also recycle food waste, plastic, wooden pallets, stretched film, styrofoam boxes, cans and metals. Our 

overall recycling rate in 2020 is 79.7%1.

Some shoppers in Singapore have become increasingly concerned about the excessive use of plastic bags, 

while some remain indifferent. We recognise our ability to positively influence the choices made by our 

consumers and suppliers. We have taken a more proactive stance to campaign for a reduction in the use of 

plastic bags among our shoppers and will continue to review our operational procedures on the bagging of 

products at the checkout counters and weighing stations. Despite a reduction in the rate of usage of plastic 

bags in 2019, the observation was reversed in 2020 with an increase by about 5%. This may be due to higher 

business volume driven by the COVID-19 restrictions.

To date, we continue to sell some basic food ingredients like potatoes, onions, and ginger on loose display, 

without the use of packaging. However, certain fresh produce is still better sold pre-packed as we consider 

factors such as hygiene, preservation of freshness and shelf life, and potential food wastage caused by 

inappropriate handling by consumers. This is because the supermarket is air-conditioned which causes fresh 

fruits and vegetables to lose moisture more easily. Hence, moderate packaging can retain the moisture content 

in fresh produce and prevent cross-contamination. That said, we continue to work closely with our suppliers 

to avoid unnecessary packaging or use environmentally-friendly materials while keeping food competitively 

priced and affordable.

The introduction of the mandatory reporting framework for packaging was postponed and will be imposed by 

2021. To prepare for this new compliance requirement, we have taken steps to improve our data collection 

system. We hope that this new set of data will help us to chart a clearer path to managing our packaging 

waste.

 Quantity of Waste Recycled

Carton Materials (tons):

Rice Sacks (unit):

Wood (tons):

Styrofoam Box (tons):

Plastic Stretch Film (tons):

Food Waste (tons):

Metal (tons):

2017

2017

2017

2017

2017

2017

2018

2018

2018

2018

2018

2018

2019

2020

2019

2020

2019

2020

*

2019

2020

2019

2020

2019

2020

2020

2020

7,160

9,576

21,624

12,261

71

109

3,035

2,085

39

77

162

171

42

8

6,531

23,855

103

2,340

97

43

6,379

35,650

Plastic - Others (tons):

99

787

74

46

*The lack of demand by recyclers in 2020 resulted in the large decline in the 

quantity of styrofoam boxes being recycled.

*While we have been previously reporting on “Wooden Pallets”, it was found that 

the data covered both wooden and plastic pallets at the point of recycling. This has 

been corrected and going forward, this category will only include recycled wood.

*Historical data is not included as we have changed the reporting category from 

“Plastic Crates/Baskets” to “Plastic - Others” which covers plastic pallets, plastic 

crates/baskets and others.

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

81

80

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


CARE FOR THE ENVIRONMENT 

CONSERVING RESOURCES

Water Use1 (m3)

MANAGING OUR WATER USAGE

Water is a scarce resource in Singapore and everyone must do their part to promote water conservation. Our 

water at the distribution centre and retail outlets are supplied by the public utility company3  and is used 

mainly for general cleaning, food processing, and meal preparation. We are committed to reducing our water 

usage, by implementing initiatives such as the new rainwater recovery system in our distribution centre which 

allows us to use recovered rainwater for toilets, general washing and gardening on the distribution centre’s 

premises.

Sheng Siong complies with the NEA’s Environmental Protection and Management (Trade Effluent) Regulations 

which regulates the quality of trade effluent discharge in Singapore.

2018

2019

2020

Water Use (m3)

211,283

220,539

243,775

Water Use per sqft* (m3)

0.47

0.43

0.44

2017 (base): 180,859 m3

*Weighted average retail floorspace area (not including distribution centre)

Waste Disposal

Sheng Siong does not produce any hazardous waste. Our waste is directly disposed of by the company, except 

for general waste from the supermarkets that are collected by the public waste management companies. 

General Waste disposed by incineration1 2(mass burn) (tons)

2,867    

1,442  

1,407

3,103

2017 (base)

2018

2019

2020

More general waste was generated due to increased business volume in our retail and distribution activities, 

which was driven by COVID-19.

Water usage is higher in 2020 because of the opening of new stores, and more cleaning was required to 

maintain a high level of hygiene and sanitation to prevent the transmission of COVID-19.

1 Excludes general waste generated by the supermarkets that are collected by the public waste management companies. This 

data is not available.

2  A further breakdown of the total waste disposed of by incineration is not available as general waste is not segregated at source.

3 Singapore’s water supply comprises water from local catchment, imported water, highly purified reclaimed water (NEWater), and 

desalinated water. Water quality is managed by public utilities.









1 Data on water use is collected through monthly utility bills. The figure excludes rainwater recovered at our distribution center - 

this information is not available.

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

83

82

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


GRI CONTENT INDEX

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE TITLE

PAGE REFERENCES

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

GRI 102: 

General Disclosures 2016

Organisational Profile

102-1

Name of the organisation

1

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and 

services

Annual Report 2020: 1, 14-16 

102-3

Location of headquarters

1

102-4

Location of operations

Annual Report 2020: 1, 82

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Annual Report 2020: 1

102-6

Markets served

Annual Report 2020: 1

102-7

Scale of the organisation

54, Annual Report 2020: 1, 28

102-8

Information on employees and other 

workers

54-55

102-9

Supply chain

68-69

102-10

Significant changes to the

organisation and its supply chain

Annual Report 2020: 10

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

19, Annual Report 2020: 48

102-12

External initiatives

44-45

102-13

Membership of associations

45

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

4-6

Ethics and Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms 

of behavior

2-3, 13

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

12

102-29

Identifying and managing economic, 

environmental, and social impact

12

102-30

Effectiveness of risk management 

processes

12

102-31

Review of economic, environmental, and 

social topics

12

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups engaged

14

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

57

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

14

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

14-16

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

15-16

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE TITLE

PAGE REFERENCES

GRI 102: 

General Disclosures 2016

Reporting Practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements

1; Annual Report 2020: 82

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries

17-21

102-47

List of material topics

20-21

102-48

Restatements of Information

61

102-49

Changes in reporting

19

102-50

Reporting period

1

102-51

Date of most recent report

1

102-52

Reporting cycle

1

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding 

the report

1

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with 

the GRI Standards

1

102-55

GRI content index

84-90

102-56

External assurance

1

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

Business Excellence 

Economic Contributions to Society

GRI 103:

Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

20-21, 24

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

24-25

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

24-25

GRI 201:

Economic Performance 2016

201-1

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed

66; Annual Report 2020: 28, 

61, 90

GRI 202:

Market Presence 2016

202-2

Proportion of senior management hired 

from the local community

54

Governance and Ethics

GRI 103:

Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

20-21, 24

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

12-13, 24-25, 41

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

12-13, 24-25, 41

GRI 205:

Anti-Corruption 2016

205-2

Communication and training about anti-

corruption policies and procedures

13, 41

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and 

actions taken

41-43

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

85

84

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE TITLE

PAGE REFERENCES

GRI 206:

Anti-Competitive Behaviour 

2016

206-1

Legal actions for anti-competitive 

behavior, anti-trust, and monopoly 

practices

41-43

GRI 307:

Environmental Compliance 

2016

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations

42-43

GRI 419:

Socioeconomic

Compliance

2016

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and economic 

area

42-43

Productivity and Efficiency

GRI 103:

Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

20-21, 24

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

24-25, 38-39

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

24-25, 38-39

GRI 203: 

Indirect Economic Impacts 

2016

203-2

Significant indirect economic impacts

38-39

Risk Management

GRI 103:

Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

20-21, 24

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

12, 17-19, 24-25;  

Annual Report 2020: 48

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

12, 17-19, 24-25;  

Annual Report 2020: 48

Care for our Customers

Affordable Food

GRI 103:

Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

20-21, 26

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

26-27, 49

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

26-27, 49

Customer Satisfaction

GRI 103:

Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

20-21, 26

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

26-27, 48-50

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

26-27, 48-50

Non-GRI Disclosure

N/A

Customer Satisfaction Scores

48

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE TITLE

PAGE REFERENCES

Customer Privacy and Cyber Security

GRI 103:

Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

20-21, 28

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

28-29, 51

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

28-29, 51

GRI 418:

Customer Privacy 2016

418-1

Substantiated complaints

concerning breaches of customer 

privacy and losses of customer data

42-43, 51

Food and Product Safety

GRI 103:

Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

20-21, 28

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

28-29, 42-43, 51

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

28-29, 42-43, 51

GRI 416:

Customer Health and Safety 

2016

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

the health and safety impacts of 

products and services

42-43, 51

Providing Healthier Choices

GRI 103:

Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

20-21, 26

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

26-27, 50-51

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

26-27, 50-51

GRI 416:

Customer Health and Safety 

2016

416-1

Assessment of the health and safety 

impacts of product and service 

categories

26-27, 50-51

Non-GRI Disclosure

N/A

No. of products that carry the Healthier 

Choice Symbol

50

Responsible Marketing and Product Labelling

GRI 103:

Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

20-21, 28

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

28-29

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

28-29

GRI 417:

Marketing and Labelling 

2016

417-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

product and service information and 

labelling 

42-43, 51

417-3

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

marketing communications

42-43, 51

GRI CONTENT INDEX

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

87

86

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE TITLE

PAGE REFERENCES

Care for our Employees

Employee Engagement and Development

GRI 103:

Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

20-21, 30

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

30-31, 57-60

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

30-31, 57-60

GRI 401:

Employment 2016

401-1

New employee hires and

employee turnover

58

GRI 402:

Labour Management 

Relations 2016

402-1

Minimum notice periods

regarding operational changes

57

GRI 404:

Training and Education 2016

404-1

Average hours of training per year per 

employee

60

Inclusive Workplace 

GRI 103:

Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

20-21, 30

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

30-31, 54-57

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

30-31, 54-57

GRI 405:

Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity 2016

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees

55-56

405-2

Ratio of basic salary and

remuneration of women to men

57

GRI 406:

Non-discrimination 2016

406-1

Incidents of discrimination and 

corrective actions taken

55

Occupational Health and Safety Well-being

GRI 103:

Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

20-21, 30

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

30-31, 61-63

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

30-31, 61-63

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE TITLE

PAGE REFERENCES

GRI 403:

Occupational Health and 

Safety 2018

403-1

Occupational health and safety 

management system

61

403-2

Hazard identification, risk assessment, 

and incident investigation

61

403-3

Occupational health services

61

403-4

Worker participation, consultation, and 

communication on occupational health 

and safety

61-62

403-5

Worker training on occupational health 

and safety

62

403-6

Promotion of worker health

62

403-7

Prevention and mitigation of 

occupational health and safety impacts 

directly linked by business relationships

62

403-8

Workers covered by an occupational 

health and safety management system

61

Care for the Community

Contribution to the Community

GRI 103:

Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

20-21, 32

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

32-33, 66-68

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

32-33, 66-68

GRI 201:

Economic Performance 2016

201-1

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed

66

GRI 413:

Local Communities 2016

413-2

Operations with significant actual and 

potential negative impacts on local 

communities

71

Sustainable Supply Chain Management

GRI 103:

Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

20-21, 32

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

32-33, 68-69

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

32-33, 68-69

GRI 204:

Procurement Practices 2016

204-1

Proportion of spending on local 

suppliers

68

GRI 308: Supplier 

Environmental Assessment 

2016

308-1

New suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria

We are currently looking 

to enhance our purchasing 

policies to address our 

material topics with our 

suppliers.

GRI 414: Supplier Social 

Assessment 2016

414-1

New suppliers that were screened using 

social criteria

We are currently looking 

to enhance our purchasing 

policies to address our 

material topics with our 

suppliers.

GRI CONTENT INDEX

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

89

88

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020


GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE TITLE

PAGE REFERENCES

Care for the Environment

Energy, GHG Emissions and Water Use

GRI 103:

Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

20-21, 34

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

34-35, 74-77

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

34-35, 74-77

GRI 302:

Energy 2016

302-1

Energy consumption within the 

organisation

76

302-3

Energy intensity

75

GRI 305:

Emissions 2016

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

77

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG 

emissions

77

305-4

GHG emissions intensity

77

GRI 303:

Water and Effluents 2018

303-1

Interactions with water as a shared 

resource

82

303-2

Management of water discharge-related 

impacts

82

303-3

Water withdrawal

82

Waste and Packaging

GRI 103:

Management Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 

Boundary

20-21, 34

103-2

The management approach and its 

components

34-35, 78-82

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

34-35, 78-82

GRI 306:

Waste 2020

306-1

Waste generation and significant waste-

related impacts

78-82

306-2

Management of significant waste-

related impacts

78-82

306-3

Waste generated

78-82

306-5

Waste directed to disposal

82

GRI CONTENT INDEX

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

91

90

SHENG SIONG GROUP LTD. |   Sustainability Report 2020

