




SHINVEST HOLDING LTD.

旭阳控股有限公司



STRENGTHENING OUR FOUNDATIONS





SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020



FOR SUSTAINABILITY








contents

BOARD STATEMENT 

01

ORGANISATIONAL

PROFILE 

02

SUSTAINABILITY

APPROACH

03

ECONOMIC

06

ENVIRONMENTAL

07

SOCIAL 

08

GOVERNANCE 

13

GRI STANDARDS

CONTENT INDEX 

14


SuStainability report 2020

1





BOARD

statement

We are pleased to present the annual Sustainability Report of Shinvest Holding Limited (“Shinvest”, the 

“Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) for our financial year ended 31 August 2020 

(“FY2020”). 

This report is prepared in compliance with the requirements of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Rules 711A and 711B, and references to the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) 

Standards, Core option. We have chosen to report using the GRI Standards because it is an internationally 

recognised reporting framework that covers a comprehensive range of sustainability disclosures. 

Moreover, the structured framework promotes the reporting of a full and balanced picture of Shinvest’s 

material matters and the management of its impact. 

This report highlights the key economic, environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) related initiatives 

carried throughout a 12-month period, from 1 September 2019 to 31 August 2020. Sustainability is a part 

of the Group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its stakeholders. As such, the key material 

EESG factors for the Group have been identified and cautiously reviewed by the management. The data 

and information provided has not been verified by an independent third party. We relied on internal data 

monitoring and verification to ensure the accuracy of data and information. The board of directors of 

the Group (the “Board”) oversees the management and monitoring of these factors and takes them into 

consideration in the determination of the Group’s strategic direction and policies.

In addition to Shinvest Holding Ltd (“Shinvest”), Sin Hong Hardware Pte. Ltd (“Sin Hong”) is also covered 

in this Report.  

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables us 

to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and suggestions 

to vysiow@shinvest.com.sg












ShinveSt holding ltd.

2





Shinvest Holding Ltd. (“Shinvest” or the “Company”), 

was incorporated in 1989 and has been listed on the 

Mainboard of Singapore Exchange Limited since 13 

October 1999. The Company underwent a corporate 

restructuring exercise approved by shareholders on 30 

July 2009, which saw the company divesting most of its 

loss-making subsidiaries. 

The Company returned to profit in 2010 after the 

acquisition of Sin Hong Hardware Pte Ltd (“Sin Hong”). 

Subsequently, in March 2014, the Company invested 

10% equity interest in Espressif Group, comprising 

Espressif Incorporated, Espressif Systems (Shanghai) 

Pte Ltd and Espressif Microelectronics Wuxi Pte Ltd 

(“Espressif Group”). Over the years, Espressif Group had 

embarked on a series of restructuring and fund raising 

exercise. On 22 July 2019, Espressif Systems (Shanghai) 

Co., Ltd. (“Espressif Shanghai”) was listed on Shanghai 

Stock Exchange STAR Market. As a consequence of these 

changes, the Company is directly holding 6% of equity 

interest of Espressif Shanghai after IPO. 

Sin Hong is an integral part of the manufacturing value 

chain providing a wide range of industrial fasteners and 

a specialist in Standard, Non-standard and Customised 

Fasteners. 

Sin Hong caters to customers with special parts or 

custom-made parts for assembly requirement in various 

manufacturing industries and also provides special 

services such as Ship-To-Stock program according to 

production delivery requirements by implementing Just 

in Time, Two Bins System, Kanban System and other 

logistic replenishment systems suited to customers 

requirement. It serves both the domestic market and 

international market, countries coverage includes United 

States of America, Europe, Malaysia and Indonesia.

Espressif Shanghai is a fabless semiconductor design 

group, specializing in wireless connectivity chipsets and 

software solutions for tablets, TV boxes, Internet of 

Things (IoT), as well as wearable electronics applications, 

and focused on improving lives through innovation and 

collaboration. It is dedicated to provide high quality and 

highly integrated connectivity semiconductor solutions 

to clients worldwide. Users can now easily embed its 

WiFi solution, based on the latest silicon technologies, 

within other systems, with complete and extensive 

functionalities, minimal cost and small form factor.

On 26 November 2019, the Company entered into a Joint 

Venture Agreement with a Singapore based software 

publishing company ESSE PI Pte. Ltd. (“ESSE”) to hold 

12.5% of equity interest in ESSE. On 28 August 2020, the 

Company elected to convert the $250,000 Convertible 

Loan for an additional 333,333 shares. As at 31 August 

2020, the Company holds in total 583,333 shares which 

represents 25% equity interest in ESSE. 

ESSE applies different AI techniques to both Image/Video 

and Audio data streams to auto detect patterns and 

achieve the best prediction outcome, it is similar to how 

humans use their sense of sight and hearing as part of 

their cognitive process of decision making. 

ESSE’s flagship CAP (Content Analysis Platform) is an 

open platform providing a selection of customisable 

Machine Learning (ML) models and real-time inference 

engines to contextualise and perform advanced analysis 

of different content type including image, audio and real-

time video. CAP can be deployed either on-premise or on 

public cloud.

ORGANISATIONAL

PRoFILe












SuStainability report 2020

3



























SUSTAINABILITY

aPPRoacH

OUR SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY

pLAN AND

 ScOpE

ASSESS

MATERIALITY

cOLLEcT

DATA

REpORT

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT 

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and material aspects relevant 

to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken into account when formulating 

corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, but are not limited to, customers, suppliers, shareholders, 

employees, and regulators. We adopt both formal and informal channels of communication to understand the needs 

of key stakeholders, and incorporate these into our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships.

 

This is Shinvest Holding Limited (“Shinvest”) third sustainability report (“Report”) for FY2020 covering the period from 1 

September 2019 to 31 August 2020 (“FY2020”). The entities included in this Report are Shinvest Holding Limited and its 

subsidiaries (the “Group”). This Report was prepared in accordance with Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) standards: 

Core option. This report outlines various key topics which may be of interest to Shinvest’s stakeholders. We have 

chosen the GRI reporting framework as it is an internationally-recognised benchmark for the disclosure of governance 

initiatives and the environmental, social and economic performance and impact on organisations. The GRI content 

index and relevant references are set out on pages 14-15.

ENGAGE 

STAKEHOLDERS






































































































































ShinveSt holding ltd.

4



SUSTAINABILITY

aPPRoacH



Stakeholders

Engagement platforms

Frequency



























Suppliers

Vendor Assessments

Annually

Emails/Calls

Continuously

Face-to-face meetings

Quarterly



























Shareholders

Annual General Meeting/

Extraordinary General Meeting

Annually

Annual Report

Annually

Announcement

Continuously

Websites-Investor Relationship

Continuously

























































customers

Face-to-face meetings

Annually

Email feedback

Continuously

Customer cold calls

Continuously



























Employees

Staff Appraisal

Periodically

Whistle blowing policy updates

Annually

Department &amp; Management Meetings

Quarterly

Staff Bonding Sessions

Quarterly



























Board

Board Meetings

Half yearly

Board Circulation via E-mails

Half yearly















































Government and 

Regulators

Regular Reports

Continuously

Websites

Continuously

Calls

Continuously



























Local communities

Corporate Social Responsibility Programmes

Annually


SuStainability report 2020

5









SUSTAINABILITY

aPPRoacH

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant aspects. Relevant aspects are then prioritised to 

identify material factors which are subject to validation. The end result of this process is a list of material factors 

disclosed in the Sustainability Report. Process of which is as shown below:

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment during the year with the help of an external consultant. We 

engaged our employees from different departments, seeking our internal stakeholders’ feedback for prioritisation 

of these topics. Going forward, materiality review will be conducted every year, incorporating inputs gathered from 

stakeholders’ engagements. In order to determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the 

economy, environment and society and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying the guidance from GRI, we have 

identified the following as our material aspects: 

EcONOMIc

• Economic Performance

• Anti-Corruption





ENVIRONMENTAL

• Energy

• Environmental Compliance







GOVERNANcE

• Corporate Governance

• Business Ethics and Compliance

• Enterprise Risk Management 



SOcIAL

• Diversity and Equal Opportunity

• Occupational Health and Safety

• Training and Education 

• Local Communities







IDENTIFIcATION

pRIORITISATION

VALIDATION

REVIEW










ShinveSt holding ltd.

6

EcONOMIc pERFORMANcE 

Shinvest firmly believes that the focus on financial 

sustainability is critical and is fully committed to the 

highest 

standards 

of 

corporate 

governance. 

The 

Group’s basic principle is that long-term profitability and 

shareholders’ value is ensured by taking into account 

the interests of all stakeholders, such as shareholders, 

employees, suppliers and society as a whole. 

For the year under review, challenges arising from the 

ongoing trade war between US and China continued 

to persist resulting in sluggish global growth. This was 

further compounded by the coronavirus disease 2019 

(“COVID-19”) outbreak which disrupted global supply 

chains and livelihoods as countries scrabbled with 

lockdowns and safe distancing measures to stem the 

spread. We were likewise affected as our customers 

especially from the construction sector had to halt 

operations during the circuit breaker period. The Group 

was however able to weather the challenges and remain 

profitable.

As a result of the aforementioned softening of demand, 

the Group’s total revenue for FY2020 dipped 18.4% to 

S$12.6 million from the S$15.4 million generated in the 

previous financial year. Despite the COVID-19 outbreak, 

the Export business segment continue to be the largest 

contributor, making up 46.9% of Group’s revenue for 

FY2020, a 0.7 percentage point reduction from the 

47.6% in FY2019, while the second largest was the Retail 

segment which contributed 34.5%, a 1.2 percentage 

point reduction from the 35.7% in FY2019. The remaining 

18.6% of the Group’s revenue was contributed by the 

Original Equipment Manufacturing (OEM) segment which 

was 1.9% higher than the 16.7 % in FY2019. 

The Group’s gross profit slid 14.8% YoY to S$4.5 million, 

the Group’s gross profit margin improved by 1.5 

percentage points to 35.8% in FY2020. After taking into 

account of the fair value gain on financial assets at FVTPL 

as at financial year-end, the Group posted a profit before 

income tax of S$38.7 million for the year under review.

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following 

sections in our FY2020 Annual Report: 

• Financial Review, page 2 

• Outlook and Strategy, page 3 

• Financial Statements, pages 34 to 129 

ANTI cORRUpTION

We do not tolerate corruption in any form. This has 

been made clear to all of the Group’s directors, officers, 

employees, and external suppliers and business partners. 

Dedicated whistle-blowing hotlines using both email and 

mail are set up so that anyone wanting to report any 

business ethics issue can do so confidentially. Any report 

of corruption will be escalated to the attention of the 

Audit Committee. 

There has also been no reported incident of corruption 

during the reporting period. We aim to achieve zero 

incidents of corruption in the future as well.

ECONOMIC












SuStainability report 2020

7

ENVIRONMENTAL cOMpLIANcE

Here at Shinvest, compliance with relevant Codes and 

Regulations on environmental issues is a must. The Group 

has implemented policies and procedures designed 

to ensure compliance with the most relevant laws and 

regulations. We take steps at all workplaces to ensure 

the requirements are met throughout the duration of the 

projects. 

In FY2020, there were zero incidence of non-compliance 

with laws and regulations resulting in significant fines 

or sanctions.  We aim to achieve zero incidence of 

non-compliance with laws and regulations resulting in 

significant fines or sanctions.

2019

2020

Total Electricity 

Consumption

365,483 kwh

315,081 kwh

Electricity Consumption 

per unit

385.43 kwh/

sqm

332.28 kwh/

sqm

We recently implemented a new ERP system which 

came live officially on 1 September 2020 and this greatly 

reduced the use of papers and assisted us in achieving 

our aim of cutting down paper consumption by half in 

2020. About 70% of our warehouses Hi-Bay lights were 

replaced by LED lights. We also replaced spoilt electric 

appliances with energy saving type (e.g., air conditioner 

units). We will continue to use energy on a required basis 

and avoid wastage. 

In FY2020, our energy consumption was as follows: 

Shinvest endeavors to minimise the potential impact of 

our operations on the environment by implementing 

proper processes for waste reduction and waste 

management. We are committed to reduce our carbon 

footprint and the consumption of natural resources in all 

possible aspects of business operations. We encourage 

the use of renewable materials and resources, and where 

possible, reduce waste through re-using and recycling. 

We avoid any unnecessary use of hazardous materials 

and products and take all reasonable steps to protect the 

environment when such materials must be used, stored 

or disposed of. 

ENERGY

Shinvest, as a Group, we are fully aware of our 

responsibility for nurturing the environment and 

lessening negative environmental consequences at our 

work sites and the environment where we operate. 

In order to manage energy effectively, we monitor our 

electricity consumption at our work places. All the air 

conditioners must be switched off after office hours 

including lunch break with an automatic timer switch. 

Thermostat is set at low energy saving 78 degrees 

Fahrenheit. All lights and computers must be switched 

off when not in use. 

It is our Group’s policy to use recycled paper and work 

towards a paperless culture. All staff were told to avoid 

any unnecessary printing and keeping softcopy of all 

documents and reports. We do not encourage fax but 

emails from customers and suppliers. 

ENVIRONMENTAL










ShinveSt holding ltd.

8

The employees of the Group are one of the most important assets and their contribution and support are valued at all 

times. We regularly review compensation and benefit policies according to industry benchmarks, financial results as 

well as the individual performance of employees. Other fringe benefits and pension fund contributions are provided 

to retain loyal employees with the aim of forming a professional staff and management team that can bring the Group 

to greater success. Staff satisfaction can be seen from our recent low staff turnover. Furthermore, the Group places 

great emphasis on the training and development of employees and regard excellent employees as a key factor in its 

competitiveness. 

We respect human rights, support the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour, especially child labour, 

and do not tolerate any discrimination in respect of employment and occupation.

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OppORTUNITY

A diverse workforce is an asset in today’s ever-changing global marketplace. We cultivate an inclusive culture where 

employees with various backgrounds and qualities are highly motivated, engaged and connected. We do not discriminate 

one’s race, age, gender, religion, ethnicity, disability or nationality. 

As at 31 August 2020, we had a workforce of 73 full-time employees. Our headcounts for Shinvest and Sin Hong were 

distributed as follows:









GENDER

NATIONALITY

AGE

LENGTH OF SERVIcE 

























































38%

54%

8%

























































68%

25%

7%

SINGAPOREAN



MALAYSIAN

PRC





&gt;21 YEARS



11-20 YEARS

1-10 YEARS





41%

























































59%

























































30%

16%

54%

30-50 YEARS



&gt;50 YEARS

&lt;30 YEARS





SOCIAL

FEMALE



MALE




SuStainability report 2020

9

The ratio of female employees in the Group is relatively low but this is not unusual in our industry due to the nature of 

our business.

In FY2020, we had planned for several team building activities and town hall sessions but all were put on hold due to 

the COVID-19 Outbreak.  In the beginning of the year, we celebrated Chinese New Year (CNY) with buffet and yu sheng.

As human resource is a major contributing factor in our organization, our employees’ safety and health at the workplace 

is one of our top priorities, and our ultimate goal is to have a zero accident workplace. We are committed to managing 

and reducing safety and health risks through effective risk management. 

We have established a strict set of workplace health, safety and security policies. Detailed Workplace Safety and Security 

Clause and Industrial Accident Compensation Clause are both stated in the Employee Handbook. This covers the 

standard procedures to identify hazards relating to occupational health and safety, evaluate risks associated with these 

hazards and to ensure that appropriate actions are taken to manage the risks involved. In addition, all environmental 

aspects and occupational health safety hazards which are within our control or under our management, as well as 

those that we cannot control or directly manage but are expected to affect health and safety, are covered in the policies. 

Given that we value and prioritise our employees’ health and safety within our organization, achieving these 

certifications and implementing the framework of systems required is vital to our organization. The implementation 

of these frameworks has enabled us to systematically identify, reduce and mitigate risks involved in the operations 

of our organization. Sin Hong was ISO9001:2015 certified valid from 10 January 2018 to 9 January 2021 for sales and 

distribution of fasteners and hardware.  

To prevent safety issues, we conduct safety training during employee enrolment, but there is no newly joined employee 

this financial year.  Safety goggles, ear plugs and safety boots were provided for all machine operating staffs. Proper 

attire is required for employees during office hours. The safety training conducted covers all risk areas, for example, 

trainings for safety machine handling for all machine operators and fire drill which is usually conducted minimum once 

a year.  However, due to the Covid-19 pandemic this year and shortage of manpower resources, we did not conduct 

any fire drill.   

We also have group insurance policies for our staff including workmen compensation, foreign worker medical insurance, 

key man insurance and business travel insurance.  We have zero incident of work-related accident in 2020.  

We aim to achieve zero incident of workplace accidents in 2021.  

OccUpATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

SOCIAL










ShinveSt holding ltd.

10

SOCIAL 





























HEALTH AND SAFETY

pROTEcTION AGAINST cOVID-19

The onset of the global pandemic has placed health 

and safety in the workplace as a central concern for all 

businesses.  During the covid-19 outbreak, we have taken 

cues directly from Ministry of Health (MOH) and Ministry 

of Manpower’s (MOM) advisories and implemented 

various strict precautionary measures to reduce the 

spread of the virus at the workplace as well as address 

the safety and well-being of our staff.  

As Shinvest has applied for essential service permit, our 

office and plant remained open throughout the entire 

epidemic.  To prevent the spread of COVID-19, we adhere 

to the measures introduced by the Singapore Government 

which include having a maximum of 2 employees working 

in the warehouse as well as 1 to 2 front-line office staff 

working in office, at any point in time. 

In our effort to combat the COVID-19 pandemic, we have 

established Safe Management Measures (SMMs) which 

were communicated and strictly enforced among all 

employees to ensure that operations resume in a safe 

manner.  Safe Management Officers (SMOs) have been 

appointed to conduct SMM inspection and checks to 

ensure compliance at all times.  The SMM are applicable 

to all office staff and worksite workers. 

Other strict safety protocols include the followings:

• 

Installed VPN / remote access allowed for all office 

staff to facilitate their WFH arrangements,

• 

Workers at the plant are provided with face masks 

and temperature are taken twice daily,

• 

Division of working groups, 

• 

Enhanced cleaning measures, etc.  


SuStainability report 2020

11

SOCIAL 

BUSINESS cONTINUITY

COVID-19 has accelerated Shinvest’s uptake of new 

technologies to improve operational efficiency and 

resilience.  Before the COVID-19 Circuit Breaker (“CB”) 

was implemented in Singapore in March 2020, Shinvest 

had already launched Microsoft Dynamics 365 system.  

During the CB period, Shinvest subscribed to VPN to 

facilitate all office staff with their WFH arrangements. 

OUR EMpLOYEES 

For our employees, in particular the Malaysians working 

in the warehouse, who were affected by the Movement 

Control Order (“MCO”) and the CB, Sin Hong has assisted 

them by renting a HDB flat so that they are able to work 

and live in Singapore with minimum disruption. 

As for the People’s Republic of China workers, Sin 

Hong continued to provide them complementary 

accommodation in the dormitory next to Sin Hong’s 

office.   

At the same time, Shinvest has taken the necessary 

procedures in line with the local government policies and 

procedures to enable employees to work from home. 

All office-based staff, be it Singaporeans or Malaysians 

who are chosen to go back to Malaysia, are required to 

work from home by default unless they needed access 

to specialised systems / equipment at company premises 

which could not be accessed from home, or they had to 

be present in office to fulfil certain legal requirements. 

For job roles or functions where employees were unable 

to work from home, staggered working times and break 

times were imposed so as to reduce congregation 

of employees at common spaces, and also to avoid 

common mingling of staff working in different teams.  All 

employees are required to take twice daily temperature.   

With the Singapore Government’s implementation 

of SafeEntry in April 2020, Sin Hong has put in place 

SafeEntry QR code at the entry of our guardhouse.  We 

have arranged for one staff to handle the safe entry 

scanning and temperature-taking for all customers to our 

premise.

FOREIGN WORKERS DORMITORY

The SMOs are also in-charge of conducting SMM to 

ensure stringent compliance at the Dormitory at all 

times.  Upon the exit of CB from June 2020, we have put 

in place Safe Living Measures (SLM) at the dormitory to 

ensure workers can progressively resume work safely. 

Our additional safety measures include the followings:

• 

Contain our residents and workers to prevent them 

from roaming outside the premises

• 

Implement measures to reduce inter-mixing of 

residents across rooms, levels and the use of 

common facilities are scheduled;

• 

Arrange for groceries and other essentials to be 

delivered to the dormitory instead of workers leaving 

the dormitory; 

• 

Staggered timing for food collection for workers at a 

designated collection point

• 

Temperature of all residents and workers at the 

premises taken twice a day; and 

• 

No outside visitors are allowed to enter the dormitory 

except 

for 

employees 

from 

the 

government 

authorities

Unfortunately, notwithstanding our best efforts, we 

were not able to keep the infection at bay.  As at 27 May 

2020, we had 2 confirmed cases of COVID-19 infection, 

comprising of workers holding Work Permits. They were 

housed in Singapore Expo and had been discharged by 

MOH upon recovery on 11 June 2020.  Since the first 

confirmed case of COVID-19 infection, we had taken 

precautionary measures to isolate all workers who had 

direct contact with the infected cases and extended our 

full support to the affected workers and their families. 

We continue to be mindful of the need to remain vigilant 

and work closely with our workers to ensure necessary 

precautions continue to be taken. We have had no new 

COVID-19 cases as of the date of this report.


ShinveSt holding ltd.

12

TRAINING AND EDUcATION

One of the Group’s corporate goals is to develop it’s human capital through continuous training. We organize both 

internal and external programs for employees from time to time. The cost of the training would be borne by the 

company in full, however the employee shall have to pay the cost in the event that they do not complete the course, fail 

on the program or do not meet the minimum attendance requirements. 

External courses must be of direct relevance to the work of the employee. Application for training courses must be 

made on the Training Application forms and is to be submitted / approved by the Department Head and the General 

Manager / CEO via the Human Resource and Administration Department. All employees receive regular performance 

and career development reviews during the annual appraisals. 

In 2020, Sin Hong’s employees attended courses pertaining to Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central via Microsoft 

Teams, in their areas of responsibilities, so that they will be equipped with the skill sets to better handle the system 

specific to their job functions.  

LOcAL cOMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT

At Shinvest, we believe in giving back to the community wherein we operate to promote equal opportunities and 

improve the lives of people.  In FY 2020, we had planned several Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) programmes but 

all were put on hold due to the COVID-19 Outbreak. 

We endeavour to contribute to the local community through continuous community engagement activities in the new 

year. 

SOCIAL

Accordingly, Shinvest has also sent an employee to attend the following external training: 

No.

Topic of training

 Number of attendees

Training hours per session

Business central

1

Financial Management Training (D1)

4

8

2

Financial Management Training (D2)

7

8

3

Financial Management Training

4

8

4

Standard &amp; Sales Training (Export)

7

3

5

Master Data Training (Item)

5

2

6

Standard &amp; Sales Training (OEM &amp; R2)

10

3

7

Master Data Training (Sale Price)

4

2

8

Purchase Training

5

3

9

Standard &amp; Sales Training (Retail – D1)

4

2

10

Standard &amp; Sales Training (Retail – D2)

4

2

11

Warehouse Training

4

2

No.

Topic of training

 Number of attendees

Training hours per session

1

ISCA – Fraud Invest of Asset  

Misappropriation

1

8


SuStainability report 2020

13





cORpORATE GOVERNANcE

The Board and the Management of Shinvest commit to 

the best practices of the corporate governance to ensure 

sustainability of the Group’s operations. We believe that 

the constant drive to upkeep corporate excellence will 

allow us to establish a more transparent, accountable 

and equitable system, thereby increasing the value of the 

Company and the value to our shareholders. 

Throughout FY2020, we adhered to the principles and 

guidelines set out in the Code of Corporate Governance 

2018 and will continue to do so in the coming years. Please 

refer to the pages 10 to 23 of the 2020 Annual Report for 

the details of the Group’s Corporate Governance Report.

ENTERpRISE RISK MANAGEMENT

The Board is overall responsible for determining the 

Group’s risk appetite and tolerance, risk profile, overseeing 

the Group’s risk management framework, reviewing 

the Group’s key risks and mitigation strategies. The 

Management is responsible for designing, implementing 

and monitoring the risk management and internal 

controls system. The Audit Committee is supported 

by the Management in the review of these risks and 

effectiveness of mitigation strategies and controls. 

The Risk Management Team, headed by the Chief 

Financial Officer assesses and reviews the Group’s 

business and operational environment in order to identify 

areas of significant business, financial, operational and 

compliance risks, as well as appropriate measures to 

control and mitigate these risks. The Risk Management 

Team, which works alongside with the AC, reports and 

highlights all significant risk matters to the Board for 

discussions and appropriate actions, if required. The 

Group has implemented an Enterprise Risk Management 

framework to enable it to assess, identify, manage and 

monitor key risks and controls in the Group’s businesses. 

The Group’s Risk Register was reviewed and updated on 

3 November 2020. 

GOVERNANCE

BUSINESS ETHIcS AND 

cOMpLIANcE

When it comes to hiring, Shinvest takes seriously any 

possible conflict of interest. Our Code of Conduct 

clearly spells out our expectations from our staff and 

the consequences if any of the rules were violated 

or standards were not met. We also have clear and 

fair grievance procedures. Our target is to ensure all 

allegations received are promptly addressed. During the 

year, no allegations were received. 

Business ethics is communicated to all our heads of 

business units regularly and they must fully understand 

that compliance with rules and regulations is a key part 

of running a responsible business. Shinvest regularly 

updates key staff with development in international and 

local regulations. We fully comply with all environmental 

rules and regulations, confidentiality clause, anti-

competitive behaviour laws and all requirements on 

health and safety. 

Cyber security and data privacy are important not just for 

compliance, but also to safeguard both our data and that 

of our customers. We take measures to guard against 

cyber risks for both our internal and external stakeholders 

by complying with the Personal Data Protection Act Policy. 

This policy also applies to our employment process where 

the privacy of all applicants is safeguarded and access to 

personal data is restricted to authorised persons senior 

management on a need-to-know basis. 

For FY2020, there were no significant fines or non-

monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws and 

regulations and we aim to maintain this track record. 


ShinveSt holding ltd.

14



GRI STANDARDS

content InDeX

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Reference / Description

GRI 101: Foundation 2016

GENERAL DIScLOSURE

GRI 102:

General Disclosures

102-1

Name of organisation 

SHINVEST HOLDING LTD.

102-2

Activities, brands, products and services

Page 2

102-3

Location of headquarters

Singapore

102-4

Location of operations

Page 2

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Annual Report Page 7

102-6

Markets served

Page 2

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Page 2

102-8

Information on employees and other 

workers

Page 8 to 9

102-9

Supply chain

Page 2

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and 

its supply chain

Page 2

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

None

102-12

External initiatives

Page 12

102-13

Membership of associations

None

102-14

Statement from senior decision maker

Page 1

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour

Page 13

102-18

Governance structure

Annual Report Pages 10 to 23

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Page 3 to 4

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

None

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Page 3 to 4

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Page 3 to 4

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Page 3 to 4

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements

Annual Report Page 81

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries

Page 5

102-47

List of material topics

Page 5

102-48

Restatement of information

Page 1

102-49

Changes in reporting

Not Applicable

102-50

Reporting period

1 September 2019 to 31 August 

2020

102-51

Date of most recent previous report

31 August 2020

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annually

102-53

Contact point for questions about the report

Page 1

102-54

Claims if reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards

Page 1

102-55

GRI content index

Pages 14 to 15

102-56

External Assurance

We may seek external 

assurance in the future


SuStainability report 2020

15



GRI STANDARDS

content InDeX

MATERIAL TOpIcS

GRI 201:

Economic 

Performance

201-1

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed

Page 6

GRI 205:

Anti-Corruption

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption

Page 6

GRI 302:

Energy 

305-1

Energy consumption within the organisation

Page 7

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations

Page 7

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and Safety

403-1

Occupational health and safety 

management system and Safety Protection 

against COVID-19

Page 10 to 11

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities

Page 9

GRI 404:

Training and 

Education

404-1

Average hours of training per year per 

employee

Page 12

GRI 405:

Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees

Page 8

GRI 413:

Local Communities

413-1

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, and 

development programs

Page 12

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Reference / Description




SHINVEST HOLDING LTD.

旭阳控股有限公司

No. 3 Kian Teck Crescent,

Singapore 628881

