






SHINVEST HOLDING LTD.

旭阳控股有限公司

旭阳控股有限公司

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

GROWING A 

BETTER FUTURE




CONTENTS

BOARD STATEMENT 

01

ORGANISATIONAL

PROFILE 

02

SUSTAINABILITY

APPROACH

03

ECONOMIC

06

ENVIRONMENTAL

07

SOCIAL 

08

GOVERNANCE 

13

GRI STANDARDS

CONTENT INDEX 

14






SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

1

BOARD

STATEMENT

We are pleased to present the annual Sustainability Report of Shinvest Holding Ltd. (“Shinvest”, the “Company”, and 

together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) for our financial year ended 31 August 2021 (“FY2021”). 

This report is focused on how the Group has identified, managed and measured the management of Environmental, 

Social and Governance (“ESG”) issues pertinent to the Group.  With the COVID-19 pandemic still having a major 

impact on the economic landscape, the Group remains focused on achieving its long-term sustainability goals and 

addressing the concerns of stakeholders.

This report is prepared in compliance with the requirements of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-

ST”) Listing Rules 711A and 711B, and references to the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: Core option. 

We have chosen to report using the GRI Standards because it is an internationally recognised reporting framework 

that covers a comprehensive range of sustainability disclosures. Moreover, the structured framework promotes the 

reporting of a full and balanced picture of Shinvest’s material matters and the management of its impact. 

This report highlights the key economic, environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) related initiatives carried 

throughout a 12-month period, from 1 September 2020 to 31 August 2021. Sustainability is a part of the Group’s 

wider strategy to create long-term value for all its stakeholders. As such, the key material EESG factors for the Group 

have been identified and cautiously reviewed by the management. The data and information provided has not been 

verified by an independent third party. We relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure the accuracy 

of data and information. The board of directors of the Group (the “Board”) oversees the management and monitoring 

of these factors and takes them into consideration in the determination of the Group’s strategic direction and policies.

 

In addition to Shinvest Holding Ltd. (“Shinvest”), Sin Hong Hardware Pte Ltd (“Sin Hong”) is also covered in this Report. 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables us to consistently 

improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and suggestions to vysiow@shinvest.com.sg






SHINVEST HOLDING LTD.



2





Shinvest Holding Ltd. (“Shinvest” or the “Company”), 

was incorporated in 1989 and has been listed on the 

Mainboard of Singapore Exchange Limited since 13 

October 1999. The Company underwent a corporate 

restructuring exercise approved by shareholders on 30 

July 2009, which saw the company divesting most of its 

loss-making subsidiaries. 

The Company returned to profit in 2010 after the 

acquisition of Sin Hong Hardware Pte Ltd (“Sin Hong”). 

Subsequently, in March 2014, the Company invested 

10% equity interest in Espressif Group, comprising 

Espressif Incorporated, Espressif Systems (Shanghai) 

Pte Ltd and Espressif Microelectronics Wuxi Pte Ltd 

(“Espressif Group”). Over the years, Espressif Group had 

embarked on a series of restructuring and fund-raising 

exercise. On 22 July 2019, Espressif Systems (Shanghai) 

Co., Ltd. (“Espressif Shanghai”) was listed on Shanghai 

Stock Exchange STAR Market. As a consequence of these 

changes, the Company is directly holding 6.0% of equity 

interest of Espressif Shanghai after IPO. The Company 

made a disposal of 1.7% equity interest in Espressif 

Shanghai in FY2021. As at 31 August 2021, the Company 

holds in total 3,441,595 shares which represent 4.3% of 

equity interest in Espressif Shanghai.

Sin Hong is an integral part of the manufacturing value 

chain providing a wide range of industrial fasteners and 

a specialist in Standard, Non-standard and, Customised 

Fasteners. 

Sin Hong caters to customers with special parts or 

custom-made parts for assembly requirement in various 

manufacturing industries and also provides special 

services such as Ship-To-Stock program according to 

production delivery requirements by implementing Just 

in Time, Two Bins System, Kanban System and other 

logistic replenishment systems suited to customers 

requirement.

It serves both the domestic market and international 

market, countries coverage includes United States of 

America, Europe, Malaysia and Indonesia.

Espressif Shanghai is a fabless semiconductor design 

group, specializing in wireless connectivity chipsets and 

software solutions for tablets, TV boxes, Internet of 

Things (IoT), as well as wearable electronics applications, 

and focused on improving lives through innovation and 

collaboration. It is dedicated to provide high quality and 

highly integrated connectivity semiconductor solutions 

to clients worldwide. Users can now easily embed its 

WiFi solution, based on the latest silicon technologies, 

within other systems, with complete and extensive 

functionalities, minimal cost and small form factor.

On 26 November 2019, the Company entered into a Joint 

Venture Agreement with a Singapore based software 

publishing company ESSE PI Pte. Ltd. (“ESSE”) to hold 

12.5% of equity interest in ESSE. On 28 August 2020, the 

Company elected to convert the S$250,000 Convertible 

Loan for an additional 333,333 shares. On 2 December 

2020, the Company applied for the allotment of 37,234 

ordinary shares in the capital of ESSE for an aggregate 

cash consideration of S$150,000, which ranks pari passu 

with all the issued ordinary shares of ESSE. As at 31 

August 2021, the Company holds in total 620,567 shares 

which represent 25% of equity interest in ESSE.

ESSE applies different AI techniques to both Image/Video 

and Audio data streams to auto detect patterns and 

achieve the best prediction outcome, it is similar to how 

humans use their sense of sight and hearing as part of 

their cognitive process of decision making. 

ESSE’s flagship CAP (Content Analysis Platform) is an 

open platform providing a selection of customisable 

Machine Learning (ML) models and real-time inference 

engines to contextualise and perform advanced analysis 

of different content type including image, audio and real-

time video. CAP can be deployed either on-premise or on 

public cloud.

ORGANISATIONAL

PROFILE










SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

3















SUSTAINABILITY

APPROACH

OUR SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY



PLAN AND

 SCOPE



ASSESS

MATERIALITY



COLLECT

DATA



REPORT

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT 

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and material aspects relevant 

to our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken into account when formulating 

corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, but are not limited to, customers, suppliers, shareholders, 

employees, and regulators. We adopt both formal and informal channels of communication to understand the needs 

of key stakeholders, and incorporate these into our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships. 

 

This is Shinvest Holding Ltd. (“Shinvest”) fourth sustainability report (“Report”) for FY2021 covering the period from 1 

September 2020 to 31 August 2021 (“FY2021”). The entities included in this Report are Shinvest Holding Ltd. and its 

subsidiaries (the “Group”). This Report was prepared in accordance with Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) standards: 

Core option. This report outlines various key topics which may be of interest to Shinvest’s stakeholders. We have 

chosen the GRI reporting framework as it is an internationally-recognised benchmark for the disclosure of governance 

initiatives and the environmental, social and economic performance and impact on organisations. The GRI content 

index and relevant references are set out on pages 14 – 15.



ENGAGE 

STAKEHOLDERS








SHINVEST HOLDING LTD.



4



SUSTAINABILITY

APPROACH



Stakeholders

Engagement Platforms

Frequency

Key Concerns Raised









































Suppliers

Vendor Assessments

Annually

Order volatility

Emails/Calls

Continuously

Face-to-face meetings

Quarterly









































Shareholders

AGM/EGM

Annually

Sustainable business performance

Annual Report

Annually

Market value

Announcement

Quarterly

Dividend payout

Websites-Investor Relationship

Continuously

Corporate governance







































































Customers

Face-to-face meetings

Annually

Product quality &amp; reliability

Email feedback

Continuously

Customer service standards

Customer cold calls

Continuously









































Employees

Staff Appraisal

Periodically

Workplace safety &amp; health

Whistle blowing policy updates

Annually

Job security

Department &amp; Management 

Meetings

Quarterly

Remuneration

Staff Bonding Sessions

Quarterly

Equal employment opportunity









































Board

Board Meetings

Half yearly

Corporate governance

Board Circulation via E-mails

Half yearly

Performance update





























































Government and 

Regulators

Regular Reports

Continuously

Environmental compliance

Websites

Continuously

Corporate governance

Calls

Continuously









































Local Communities

Corporate Social Responsibility 

Programmes

Annually

Social development

The following table summarises our key stakeholders, engagement platform and their key concerns. 




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

5



SUSTAINABILITY

APPROACH

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of GRI relevant aspects. GRI relevant aspects are then prioritised 

to identify material factors which are subject to validation. The end result of this process is a list of material factors 

disclosed in the Sustainability Report.

We conducted a materiality assessment during the year incorporating inputs from the stakeholder engagements.  In 

order to determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, environment and society 

and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying the guidance from GRI, we have identified the following as our material 

aspects: 





ECONOMIC

• Economic Performance

• Proactive Anti-Corruption Practices



ENVIRONMENTAL

• Energy

• Environmental Compliance





GOVERNANCE

• Corporate Governance

• Business Ethics and Compliance

• Enterprise Risk Management 



SOCIAL

• Diversity and Equal Opportunity in the Workplace

• Occupational Health and Safety

• Training and Education 

• Local Communities





Identification of the material 

factors that are of relevance to 

the Group’s activities

IDENTIFICATION

Prioritization of the material  

factors and identifies key 

sustainability factors to be 

reported upon

PRIORITISATION

Validation of the completeness 

of key sustainability factors 

identified to finalise the 

sustainability report content

VALIDATION

Review focuses on the material 

factors in the previous 

reporting period and also 

considers stakeholders’ 

feedback, changing business 

landscape and emerging trends

REVIEW














SHINVEST HOLDING LTD.



6





PROACTIVE ANTI-CORRUPTION 

PRACTICES

We do not tolerate corruption in any form. This has 

been made clear to all of the Group’s directors, officers, 

employees, and external suppliers and business partners. 

Dedicated whistle-blowing hotlines using both email and 

mail are set up so that anyone wanting to report any 

business ethics issue can do so confidentially. Any report 

of corruption will be escalated to the attention of the 

Audit Committee. 

The following table shows the actual reported incidents 

of corruption cases for FY2021 and FY2020:

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

Shinvest firmly believes that the focus on financial 

sustainability is critical and is fully committed to the 

highest 

standards 

of 

corporate 

governance. 

The 

Group’s basic principle is that long-term profitability and 

shareholders’ value is ensured by taking into account 

the interests of all stakeholders, such as shareholders, 

employees, suppliers and society as a whole. 

The year under review saw the coronavirus disease 2019 

(“COVID-19”) continue to impact living and livelihoods 

globally with various countries struggling to manage 

surges in infection with border controls and safe 

distancing requirements. These measures have restricted 

economic activity and led to supply chain issues and 

raw material shortages. The Group continues to keep a 

steady hand on the tiller and weathered the challenges 

and maintained its performance. 

While demand remains relatively muted due to the 

pandemic, the Group has seen improvement in its YoY 

performance with a total revenue of S$14.1 million for 

FY2021, a 12.3% increase from S$12.6 million in the 

previous financial year. With the gradual opening up 

of borders, this increase was mainly contributed by a 

13.7% increase in the local market, 16.6% increase in the 

Malaysia market, and 202.9% increase the China market. 

In contrast, the Indonesia market saw a 37.4% decrease 

in revenue contribution. The Export business segment 

continues to be the largest contributor to the overall 

revenue, making up 45.7% of the Group’s revenue for 

FY2021, a decrease of 1.2 percentage points from FY2020. 

The second was the Retail segment, which contributed 

34.1%, a decrease in 0.4 percentage points from FY2020. 

The remaining 20.2% of the Group’s revenue was 

contributed by the Original Equipment Manufacturing 

(OEM) segment, which saw an increase in 1.6 percentage 

points from FY2020.

Notwithstanding the sluggish recovery of the global 

economy, the Group’s gross profit increased by 8.4% YoY 

to S$4.9 million, while its gross profit margin fell slightly 

by 1.3% to 34.5% in FY2021. Overall, the Group reported 

a profit before income tax of S$38.6 million for the year 

under review mainly due to the fair value gain on financial 

assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”) of 

S$43.2 million. 



FY2021

FY2020

Target for 

FY2022

Zero incident of 

serious offence

Zero incident of 

serious offence

Maintain of 

zero incident of 

serious offence

ECONOMIC

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following 

sections in our FY2021 Annual Report: 

• Financial Review, page 2  

• Outlook and Strategy, page 3  

• Financial Statements, pages 33 to 114  






SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

7

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

Here at Shinvest, compliance with relevant Codes and 

Regulations on environmental issues is a must. The Group 

has implemented policies and procedures designed 

to ensure compliance with the most relevant laws and 

regulations. We take steps at all workplaces to ensure 

the requirements are met throughout the duration of the 

projects. 

The following table shows the actual non-compliance 

with environmental laws and regulations cases resulting 

in significant fines or sanctions for FY2021 and FY2020:



2020

2021

Total Electricity 

Consumption

315,081 kwh

245,834 kwh 

Electricity Consumption 

per unit

332.28 kwh/

sqm

259.25 kwh/

sqm



FY2021

FY2020

Target for 

FY2022

Zero non-

compliance with 

environmental 

laws and 

regulations

Zero non-

compliance with 

environmental 

laws and 

regulations

Maintain zero 

reported 

incident of non-

compliance with 

environmental 

laws and 

regulation

Another initiative which we embarked on is the 

implementation of eSOA (e-Statement of Accounts) 

module in July 2021.  We have 231 (29%) out of 809 

customers who have subscribed to this eSOA service. The 

eSOA are delivered digitally to customers monthly. 

On average, there are 2,200 sets of delivery orders and 

2,000 sets of invoices generated per month.  Two sets 

of each document need to be printed.  One set for the 

customers and one set for our own filing.  With the 

eDelivery and eInvoice application, delivery orders and 

invoices are generated in digital format and automatically 

emailed to the customers, thus, reducing the usage of 

paper.  With the automation, manual work to print and 

process the documents will be reduced as well.

About 85% of our warehouses Hi-Bay lights were replaced 

by LED lights. We also replaced spoilt electric appliances 

with energy saving type (e.g., air conditioner units). We 

will continue to use energy on a required basis and avoid 

wastage. 

In FY2021, our energy consumption was as follows: 

Shinvest believes that responsible usage of energy 

resources, waste optimisation and carbon footprint 

reduction help to preserve the environment and 

create long-term economic value to shareholders. We 

are committed to reduce our carbon footprint and 

the consumption of natural resources in all possible 

aspects of business operations. We encourage the 

use of renewable materials and resources, and where 

possible, reduce waste through re-using and recycling. 

We avoid any unnecessary use of hazardous materials 

and products and take all reasonable steps to protect the 

environment when such materials must be used, stored 

or disposed of. 

ENERGY

Shinvest, as a Group, we are fully aware of our 

responsibility for nurturing the environment and 

lessening negative environmental consequences at our 

work sites and the environment where we operate. 

In order to manage energy effectively, we monitor our 

electricity consumption at our work places. All the air 

conditioners must be switched off after office hours 

including lunch break. Thermostat is set at low energy 

saving 25 degree Celsius. All lights and computers must 

be switched off when not in use. 

It is our Group’s policy to use recycled paper and work 

towards a paperless culture. All staff were told to avoid 

any unnecessary printing and keeping softcopy of all 

documents and reports. We do not encourage fax but 

emails from customers and suppliers. 

We embarked on a digital transformation project in 

September 2020 and this has greatly improved the 

productivity of our staff, efficiency of operations, accuracy 

of inventory and reduction in paper usage. 

We implemented eDelivery module in April 2021 with 

self-collection customers in KT location. The company has 

a total of 3,900 delivery orders in the month of April 2021, 

of which 1465, which translates to 38% of delivery orders 

are signed digitally. 

eInvoice module was kick-started in April 2021.  We have 

189 (25%) out of 744 customers who have subscribed to 

this eInvoice service.  From beginning of May till 24 May 

2021, we had a total of 1,565 invoices, of which 663 which 

translates to 42%, are delivered digitally.                    

 

ENVIRONMENTAL


SHINVEST HOLDING LTD.



8

The employees of the Group are one of the most important assets and their contribution and support are valued at all 

times. We regularly review compensation and benefit policies according to industry benchmarks, financial results as 

well as the individual performance of employees. Other fringe benefits and pension fund contributions are provided 

to retain loyal employees with the aim of forming a professional staff and management team that can bring the Group 

to greater success. Staff satisfaction can be seen from our recent low staff turnover. Furthermore, the Group places 

great emphasis on the training and development of employees and regard excellent employees as a key factor in its 

competitiveness. 

We respect human rights, support the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour, especially child labour, 

and do not tolerate any discrimination in respect of employment and occupation.

DIVERSITY &amp; EQUAL OPPORTUNITY IN THE WORKPLACE

A diverse workforce is an asset in today’s ever-changing global marketplace. We cultivate an inclusive culture where 

employees with various backgrounds and qualities are highly motivated, engaged and connected. We do not discriminate 

one’s race, age, gender, religion, ethnicity, disability or nationality. 

As at 31 August 2021, we had a workforce of 67 full-time employees. Our headcounts for Shinvest and Sin Hong were 

distributed as follows:









GENDER

NATIONALITY

AGE

LENGTH OF SERVICE 





















































































39%

55%

5%

1%



















































































70%

24%

6%

SINGAPOREAN



MALAYSIAN

PRC





&gt;20 YEARS



11-20 YEARS

1-10 YEARS





45%



















































































55%



















































































28%

11%

61%

30-50 YEARS



&gt;50 YEARS

&lt;30 YEARS





SOCIAL

FEMALE



MALE



MYANMAR






SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

9

As human resource is a major contributing factor in our 

organization, our employees’ safety and health at the 

workplace is one of our top priorities, and our ultimate 

goal is to have a zero accident workplace. We are 

committed to managing and reducing safety and health 

risks through effective risk management. 

We have established a strict set of workplace health, safety 

and security policies. Detailed Workplace Safety and 

Security Clause and Industrial Accident Compensation 

Clause are both stated in the Employee Handbook. This 

covers the standard procedures to identify hazards 

relating to occupational health and safety, evaluate 

risks associated with these hazards and to ensure that 

appropriate actions are taken to manage the risks 

involved. In addition, all environmental aspects and 

occupational health safety hazards which are within our 

control or under our management, as well as those that 

we cannot control or directly manage but are expected to 

affect health and safety, are covered in the policies. 

The ratio of female employees in the Group is lower than 

that of male employees but this is not unusual in our 

industry due to the nature of our business.

Due to COVID-19 Safe Measurement Measures, all 

the activities were put on hold due to the restrictions 

imposed by the government and for the well-being 

of our employees.  In the beginning of the year, we 

celebrated Chinese New Year (CNY) with bento sets for 

the employees. 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH &amp; SAFETY

IN THE WORKPLACE

SOCIAL



FY2021

FY2020

FY2022

Zero incident 

of work-related 

accident

Zero incident 

of work-related 

accident

Maintain zero 

incident of work-

place accident

Given that we value and prioritise our employees’ 

health and safety within our organization, achieving 

these certifications and implementing the framework 

of systems required is vital to our organization. The 

implementation of these frameworks has enabled us to 

systematically identify, reduce and mitigate risks involved 

in the operations of our organization. Sin Hong was 

ISO9001:2015 certified valid from 10 January 2021 to 9 

January 2024 for sales and distribution of fasteners and 

hardware.  

Safety goggles, ear plugs and safety boots were provided 

for all machine operating staffs. Proper attire is required 

for employees during office hours.  We also have group 

insurance policies for our staff including workmen 

compensation, foreign worker medical insurance, key 

man insurance and business travel insurance.  

The following table shows the actual workplace accidents 

reported for FY2021 and FY2020:


SHINVEST HOLDING LTD.



10

SOCIAL 

HEALTH AND SAFETY

PROTECTION AGAINST COVID-19

The pandemic has highlighted the importance of 

organisational resilience.  As an employer, we recognise 

that protecting our employees’ safety, health and well-

being is a key priority since the onset of COVID-19. 

Whether it is through implementing safe distancing 

measures in the office and warehouse or facilitating 

staff to work from home, we have taken every step to 

ensure that our employees are protected from the risks 

of the virus where possible. We implemented workforce 

separation aligned with social distancing and business 

continuity measures and tightened safety and health 

protocol across our workplace. 

As Shinvest has applied for essential service permit, our 

office and plant remained open throughout the entire 

epidemic.  

Safe Management Measures (SMM) continued to be 

strictly enforced among all employees to ensure safe 

operations.  Appointed Safe Management Officers (SMOs) 

have conducted SMM inspection and checks to ensure 

compliance at all times.  The SMM are applicable to all 

staff in office and warehouse. 

We have also implemented the following additional safety 

measures to protect our employees: 

• 

Install more body-temperature screening machines 

at multiple areas;

• 

Segregate our employees into teams to minimise 

interaction and risk of infection;

• 

Social distancing at all sites and briefing on the best 

practices for social distancing; 

• 

Provision of hand sanitisers and spray at multiple 

areas and to frontline employees; and 

• 

Increased frequency of sanitising common areas

BUSINESS CONTINUITY

COVID-19 has accelerated Shinvest’s uptake of new 

technologies to improve operational efficiency and 

resilience.  Prior to the lockdown of the neighbouring 

country, the Company allowed a small group of daily-

commute employees to work remotely from home.  When 

the government further tightened measures in May 2021, 

close to 86% of the employees worked from home. 








SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

11

SOCIAL 

FOREIGN WORKERS DORMITORY

The SMOs are also in-charge of conducting SMM to 

ensure stringent compliance at the Dormitory at all times.  

We have put in place Safe Living Measures (SLM) at the 

dormitory to ensure workers can progressively resume 

work safely.  Our additional safety measures include the 

followings:

TRAINING AND EDUCATION

One of the Group’s corporate goals is to develop it’s 

human capital through continuous training. We organize 

both internal and external programs for employees from 

time to time. The cost of the training would be borne by 

the company in full, however the employee shall have to 

pay the cost in the event that they do not complete the 

course, fail on the program or do not meet the minimum 

attendance requirements. 

External courses must be of direct relevance to the work 

of the employee. Application for training courses must 

be made on the Training Application forms and is to 

be submitted / approved by the Department Head and 

the General Manager / CEO via the Human Resource 

and Administration Department. All employees receive 

regular performance and career development reviews 

during the annual appraisals. 

Despite challenges posed by the pandemic, Shinvest 

has continued to place emphasis on developing and 

managing our talent.  

OUR EMPLOYEES 

Sin Hong continued to provide the People’s Republic of 

China workers complementary accommodation in the 

dormitory.   

At the same time, Shinvest has taken the necessary 

procedures in line with the local government policies and 

procedures to enable employees to work from home. 

All office-based staff, be it Singaporeans or Malaysians 

who have chosen to go back to Malaysia, are required to 

work from home by default unless they needed access 

to specialised systems / equipment at company premises 

which could not be accessed from home, or they had to 

be present in office to fulfil certain legal requirements. 

For job roles or functions where employees were unable 

to work from home, staggered working times and break 

times were imposed so as to reduce congregation 

of employees at common spaces, and also to avoid 

common mingling of staff working in different teams.  All 

employees are required to take twice daily temperature.

 

With the Singapore Government’s implementation 

of SafeEntry in April 2020, Sin Hong has put in place 

SafeEntry QR code at multiple entrances to our office.  

We have arranged for one staff to handle the safe entry 

scanning and temperature-taking for all customers to our 

premise.

• 

Every room has a unique QR code to monitor 

residents’ movement in and out of the room;

• 

Installation of a portable toilet/washroom and 

isolation room to house any residents who have been 

tested COVID-19 positive before being conveyed to 

the designated quarantine facilities by MOM;

• 

Installation of Telemedicine (Telemed) kiosks at 

factory-converted dormitories (FCD); 

• 

Measures are in place to reduce inter-mixing of 

residents across rooms, levels and the use of 

common facilities are scheduled; 

• 

Staggered timing for food collection for workers at a 

designated collection point; and 

• 

No outside visitors are allowed to enter the dormitory 

except 

for 

employees 

from 

the 

government 

authorities. 

We have zero case of COVID-19 cases in FY 2021 and we 

will continue to be mindful of the need to remain vigilant 

and work closely with our workers to ensure necessary 

precautions continue to be taken. We have had no 

COVID-19 cases as of the date of this report. 


SHINVEST HOLDING LTD.



12

LOCAL COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT

At Shinvest, we believe in giving back to the community wherein we operate to promote equal opportunities and 

improve the lives of people. In FY2021, there was no social activities and charitable events carried out by Shinvest due 

to COVID-19.  

We aim to carry at least one Corporate Social Responsibility in FY2022 if prevailing safe distancing measures permit, to 

ensure the safety of our staff and the community.

SOCIAL

Accordingly, Shinvest has also sent the employee to attend the following external training: 



Topic of training

 Number of 

attendees

Training 

hours per 

session

Number of 

Days

1

Fundamental of PDPA 2020

4

8

3

2

NICF - Implementation of Microsoft Azure 

Infrastracture Solutions (SF)

1

8

5

3

NICF – Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) 

(SF)

1

8

5

4

ISCA Live Webinar on Preparation of Interim 

Financial Statement

1

2

1/4

5

Webinar - Update on Business Registry &amp; 

Regulatory Development by ACRA

1

2

1/4



Topic of training

 Number of 

attendees

Training 

hours per 

session

Number of 

Days

1

Fundamentals of Corporate Secretarial Practice 

Course

1

8

4

2

Practitioner Certification in Personal Data 

Protection (Singapore)

1

8

3

3

Webinar - Update on Business Registry &amp; 

Regulatory Development by ACRA

1

2

1/4

4

Live Webinar - Preparation of Interim Financial 

Statements under SFRS (I) 1-34 Interim Financial 

Reporting and its practical considerations

1

2

1/4

5

Fundamental of PDPA 2020

1

8

3

In 2021, Sin Hong has sent the employees to attend the following external trainings:




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

13



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Board and the Management of Shinvest commit to 

the best practices of the corporate governance to ensure 

sustainability of the Group’s operations. We believe that 

the constant drive to upkeep corporate excellence will 

allow us to establish a more transparent, accountable 

and equitable system, thereby the increasing the value of 

the Company and the value to our shareholders. Shinvest 

had paid close attention to any regulatory changes that 

have occurred, especially in relation to the management 

of COVID-19, to ensure that we remain in compliance 

with requirements.

Throughout FY2021, we adhered to the principles and 

guidelines set out in the Code of Corporate Governance 

2018 and will continue to do so in the coming years. Please 

refer to the pages 10 to 23 of the 2021 Annual Report for 

the details of the Group’s Corporate Governance Report.

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT

The Board is overall responsible for determining 

the Group’s risk appetite and tolerance, risk profile,  

overseeing the Group’s risk management framework, 

reviewing the Group’s key risks and mitigation strategies. 

The 

Management 

is 

responsible 

for 

designing, 

implementing and monitoring the risk management 

and internal controls system. The Audit Committee is 

supported by the Management in the review of these risks 

and effectiveness of mitigation strategies and controls. 

The Risk Management Team, headed by the Financial 

Controller, assesses and reviews the Group’s business 

and operational environment in order to identify areas 

of significant business, financial, operational and 

compliance risks, as well as appropriate measures to 

control and mitigate these risks. The Risk Management 

Team, which works alongside with the AC, reports and 

highlights all significant risk matters to the Board for 

discussions and appropriate actions, if required. The 

Group has implemented an Enterprise Risk Management 

framework to enable it to assess, identify, manage and 

monitor key risks and controls in the Group’s businesses. 

The Group’s Risk Register was reviewed and updated on 

10 November 2021.

GOVERNANCE

BUSINESS ETHICS &amp; COMPLIANCE

When it comes to hiring, Shinvest takes seriously any 

possible conflict of interest. Our Code of Conduct 

clearly spells out our expectations from our staff and 

the consequences if any of the rules were violated 

or standards were not met. We also have clear and 

fair grievance procedures. Our target is to ensure all 

allegations received are promptly addressed. During the 

year, no allegations were received. 

Business ethics is communicated to all our heads of 

business units regularly and they must fully understand 

that compliance with rules and regulations is a key part 

of running a responsible business. Shinvest regularly 

updates key staff with development in international and 

local regulations. We fully comply with all environmental 

rules and regulations, confidentiality clause, anti-

competitive behaviour laws and all requirements on 

health and safety. 

Cyber security and data privacy are important not just for 

compliance, but also to safeguard both our data and that 

of our customers. We take measures to guard against 

cyber risks for both our internal and external stakeholders 

by complying with the Personal Data Protection Act Policy. 

This policy also applies to our employment process where 

the privacy of all applicants is safeguarded and access to 

personal data is restricted to authorised persons senior 

management on a need-to-know basis. 

The following table shows the actual non-compliance 

with laws and regulations cases reported for FY2021 and 

FY2020:  



FY2021

FY2020

FY2022 Target

No significant 

fines or non-

monetary 

sanctions for 

non-compliance 

with laws and 

regulations

No significant 

fines or 

monetary 

sanctions for 

non-compliance 

with laws and 

regulations

Continue to 

comply with laws 

and regulations


SHINVEST HOLDING LTD.



14



GRI STANDARDS

CONTENT INDEX



GRI Standard

Disclosure

Reference / Description

GENERAL DISCLOSURE

GRI 102:

General Disclosures

102-1

Name of organisation 

SHINVEST HOLDING LTD.

102-2

Activities, brands, products and services

Page 2

102-3

Location of headquarters

Singapore

102-4

Location of operations

Page 2

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Annual Report Page 7

102-6

Markets served

Page 2

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Page 2

102-8

Information on employees and other 

workers

Page 8 to 9

102-9

Supply chain

Page 2

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and 

its supply chain

Page 2

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

None

102-12

External initiatives

Page 12

102-13

Membership of associations

None

102-14

Statement from senior decision maker

Page 1

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour

Page 13

102-18

Governance structure

Annual Report Pages 10 to 23

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Page 3 to 4

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

None

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Page 3 to 4

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Page 3 to 4

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Page 3 to 4

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements

Annual Report Page 69

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries

Page 5

102-47

List of material topics

Page 5

102-48

Restatement of information

Page 1

102-49

Changes in reporting

Not Applicable

102-50

Reporting period

1 September 2020 to 31 August 

2021

GRI 102:

General Disclosures

102-51

Date of most recent previous report

31 August 2021

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annually

102-53

Contact point for questions about the report

Page 1

102-54

Claims if reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards

Page 1

102-55

GRI content index

Pages 14 to 15

102-56

External Assurance

We may seek external 

assurance in the future




SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

15



GRI STANDARDS

CONTENT INDEX



GRI Standard

Disclosure

Reference / Description

MATERIAL TOPICS

GRI 201:

Economic 

Performance

201-1

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed

Page 6

GRI 205:

Anti-Corruption

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption

Page 6

GRI 302:

Energy 

305-1

Energy consumption within the organisation

Page 7

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations

Page 7

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and Safety

403-1

Occupational health and safety 

management system and Safety Protection 

against COVID-19

Page 10 to 11

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities

Page 9

GRI 404:

Training and 

Education

404-1

Average hours of training per year per 

employee

Page 12

GRI 405:

Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees

Page 8

GRI 413:

Local Communities

413-1

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, and 

development programs

Page 12




SHINVEST HOLDING LTD.

旭阳控股有限公司

No. 3 Kian Teck Crescent,

Singapore 628881

