


BuILDING a BaLaNcE 

wITH NaTurE

Sustainability rEPOrT 2018





SHINVEST HOLDING LTD.

旭阳控股有限公司








cONTENTS

01 

Board Statement

02

organiSational Profile

03

SuStainaBility aPProach

05

economic

06

environmental

08

Social

14

governance

15

gri StandardS content index


Sustainability Report 2018

01











BOarD STaTEmENT

We are pleased to present the inaugural annual Sustainability report of Shinvest holding limited (“Shinvest”, 

the “company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “group”) for our financial year ended 31 august 2018 

(“fy2018”). this report is prepared in compliance with the requirements of Singapore exchange Securities 

trading limited (“Sgx-St”) listing rules 711a and 711B, and references the global reporting initiative (“gri”) 

Standards, core option. We have chosen to report using the gri Standards because it is an internationally 

recognised reporting framework that covers a comprehensive range of sustainability disclosures. moreover, 

the structured framework promotes reporting a full and balanced picture of Shinvest’s material matters and 

the management of its impact. this report highlights the key economic, environmental, social and governance 

(“eeSg”) related initiatives carried throughout a 12-month period, from 1 September 2017 to 31 august 2018. 

Sustainability is a part of the group’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its stakeholders. as such, 

the key material eeSg factors for the group have been identified and cautiously reviewed by the management. 

the data and information provided have not been verified by an independent third party. We have relied on 

internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy of data and information. the board of directors 

of the group (the “Board”) oversees the management and monitoring of these factors and takes them into 

consideration in the determination of the group’s strategic direction and policies. 

in addition to Shinvest holding ltd (“Shinvest”), Sin hong hardware Pte. ltd (“Sin hong”) and gd tech 

(dongguan) co. ltd. (“gd tech (dongguan)”) are also covered in this report. 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables us 

to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your comments and suggestions to 

vunyew_siow@shinvest.com.sg.


OrGaNISaTIONaL PrOFILE

Shinvest holding ltd. (“Shinvest” or the “company”), was incorporated in 1989 and has been listed on the mainboard 

of Singapore exchange limited since 13 october 1999. the company underwent a corporate restructuring exercise 

approved by shareholders on 30 July 2009, which saw the company divesting most of its loss-making subsidiaries. 

the company returned to profit in 2010 after the acquisition of Sin hong hardware Pte ltd (“Sin hong”). Subsequently, 

in June 2011, the company acquired gd tech (h.K.) Private co., limited (“gd tech”). in march 2014, the company 

invested 10% equity interest in espressif group, comprising espressif incorporated, espressif Systems (Shanghai) 

Pte ltd and espressif microelectronics Wuxi Pte ltd (“espressif group”). over the years, espressif group had 

embarked on a series of restructuring and fund raising exercise. as a consequence of these changes, the company 

is now directly holding 8% of equity interest of espressif Systems (Shanghai) Pte ltd. 

Sin hong is an integral part of the manufacturing value chain providing a wide range of fasteners, while gd tech 

specialises in the design, precision machining and assembly of precision manufacturing machines and modules. 

Sin hong operates as one of the largest stockiest and distributors of a wide range of industrial fasteners and is a 

specialist in standard, non-standard and customised fasteners in Singapore. it serves both the domestic market, 

as well as major countries in the international market, including united States of america, europe, malaysia and 

indonesia. 

gd tech engages in the critical manufacturing of high precision components and complex electromechanical 

assembly, serving mainly the semiconductor equipment manufacturers, aerospace, medical and automotive 

industries. gd tech buys raw materials, including fasteners, and supplies the end products in parts, modules or 

machines to its customers. 

espressif group is a privately held fabless semiconductor design group, specializing in wireless connectivity chipsets 

and software solutions for tablets, tv boxes, internet of things (“iot”), as well as wearable electronics applications, 

and focused on improving lives through innovation and collaboration. it is dedicated to provide high quality and highly 

integrated connectivity semiconductor solutions to clients worldwide. users can now easily embed its Wifi solution, 

based on the latest silicon technologies, within other systems, with complete and extensive functionalities, minimal 

cost and small form factor. 







Shinvest Holding Ltd.

02


Sustainability Report 2018

03

SuSTaINaBILITY aPPrOacH

Our SuSTaINaBILITY mETHODOLOGY 

STaKEHOLDErS ENGaGEmENT

an important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and material aspects relevant 

to our business. the interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken into account when formulating 

corporate strategies. these key stakeholders include, but are not limited to, customers, suppliers, shareholders, 

employees, and regulators. We adopt both formal and informal channels of communication to understand the needs 

of key stakeholders, and incorporate these into our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships. 

Stakeholders

Engagement Platforms 

Frequency 

Suppliers

vendor assessment

annually

emails/calls

continuously

face-to-face meetings

Quarterly

Shareholders

annual general meeting/  

extraordinary general meeting

annually

annual report

annually

announcement

Quarterly

Websites-investor relationship

 continuously

Customers

face-to-face meetings

annually

email feedback

continuously

customer cold calls

continuously

Employees

Staff appraisal

Periodically 

Whistle blowing policy updates

annually

department &amp; management meetings

Quarterly

Staff Bonding Sessions

Quarterly

Board

face-to-face meetings

annually

email feedback

continuously

customer cold calls

continuously

Government 

and  Regulators

regular reports 

continuously

Websites 

continuously

calls

continuously

Local 

Communities

corporate Social  

responsibility Programmes

annually











Plan and 

Scope

engage 

Stakeholders

assess 

materiality

collect 

data

report




Shinvest Holding Ltd.

04

SuSTaINaBILITY aPPrOacH

maTErIaLITY aSSESSmENT 

our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant aspects. relevant aspects are then prioritised 

to identify material factors which are subject to validation. the end result of this process is a list of material factors 

disclosed in the Sustainability report. Process of which are as shown below:

the group has conducted a materiality assessment during the year with the help of an external consultant. We 

engaged our employees from different departments, seeking our internal stakeholders’ feedback for prioritisation 

of these topics. going forward, materiality review will be conducted every year, incorporating inputs gathered from 

stakeholders’ engagements.

in order to determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, environment and 

society and its influence on the stakeholders. applying the guidance from gri, we have identified the following as 

our material aspects: 

TarGETS

this is our inaugural report and we are currently in the process of improving and refining our data collection methods 

so as to obtain meaningful and reliable data to track and provide the basis for us to determine trends for the purpose 

of setting targets. accordingly, we have deferred the process of target setting until later when adequate data is 

available to set reasonable targets.









identification

PrioritiSation

validation

revieW

EcONOmIc

economic Performance 

anti-corruption

SOcIaL

diversity and equal opportunity

occupational health and Safety

local communities

ENVIrONmENTaL

energy 

environmental compliance

GOVErNaNcE

corporate governance

enterprise risk management

Business ethics


Sustainability Report 2018

05

EcONOmIc

EcONOmIc PErFOrmaNcE 

Shinvest firmly believes that focus on financial sustainability is critical and we are fully committed to the highest 

standards of corporate governance. the group’s basic principle is that long-term profitability and shareholders’ value 

is ensured by taking into account the interests of all stakeholders, such as shareholders, employees, suppliers and 

society as a whole.

for the fy2018, the group registered a 20.6% year-on-year growth in revenue of S$64.2 million, as compared 

to S$53.2 million in the previous financial year (“fy2017”). gross profit also rose by 16.9% from S$10.5 million in 

fy2017 to S$12.3 million in fy2018. 

however, the group’s total gross profit margin fell slightly to 19.2% in fy2018 as compared to 19.8% in fy2017. 

gross profit margin from the precision engineering business declined by 0.2% from 14.6% in fy2017 to 14.2% in 

fy2018. meanwhile, the gross profit margins of retail, oem and export business segments slightly increased by 

0.6% to 32.0% as compared to 31.4% in the previous corresponding period. this was due to improved demand from 

customers and an increase in raw materials price. 

aside from the performance of its business segments, the group’s subsidiary, Sin hong hardware, completed the 

disposal of a leasehold property in Singapore. as part of the group’s streamlining efforts, the disposal will enable us 

to maintain a healthy cash flow to meet financial and operational needs. the cash generated from the sale will also 

contribute in helping cushion the effects of the ongoing uS-china trade war. 

the strong financial results in fy2018 are a starting point to the group’s focus on generating and sustaining positive 

cash flow. We will continue to identify and execute measures to facilitate good cash flow over the coming years.

for detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our fy2018 annual report:

• 

financial review, pages 02 

•

outlook and Strategy, page 03

•

financial Statements, pages 36 to 41

aNTI-cOrruPTION

We do not tolerate corruption in any form. this has been made clear to all of the group’s directors, officers, employees, 

and external suppliers and business partners. dedicated whistleblowing hotlines using both email and mail are set 

up so that anyone wanting to report any business ethics issue can do so confidentially. any report of corruption will 

be escalated to the attention of the audit committee.

there have also been no reported incidents of corruption during the reporting period.  








Shinvest Holding Ltd.

06

ENVIrONmENTaL

Shinvest endeavors to minimise the potential impact of our operations on the environment by putting in place 

proper processes for waste reduction and waste management. We are committed to reduce its carbon footprint 

and consumption of natural resources in all possible aspects of business operations. We encourage the use of 

renewable materials and resources, and where possible, reduce waste through re-using and recycling. We avoid 

any unnecessary use of hazardous materials and products and take all reasonable steps to protect the environment 

when such materials must be used, stored or disposed of. 

ENErGY

Shinvest, as a group, we are fully aware of our responsibility for nurturing the environment and lessening negative 

environmental consequences at our worksites and the environment where we operate. 

in order to manage energy effectively, we monitor our electricity consumption at our work places. all the air-cons must 

be switch off after office hour including lunch break with an automatics timer switch. thermostat is set at low energy 

saving 78 degrees fahrenheit in the summer and at 68 degrees in winter. all lights and computers must be switch 

off when not in used.

it’s our group policy to use recycle papers and working towards paperless culture. all staffs were told to avoid any 

unnecessary printing and keeping softcopy of all documents and reports. We do not encourage fax but emails from 

customers and suppliers.

We recently implements a new erP systems which will greatly reduce the use of papers.

We will continue to use energy on required basis and avoid wastage.

in fy2018, our energy consumption is as follows:

Entity

Shinvest Limited and Sin Hong

GD Tech (Dongguan)

total electricity consumption

399,912 kwh

2,447,400 kwh

electricity consumption per unit

79.03 kwh/sqm

345.18 kwh/sqm


Sustainability Report 2018

07



ENVIrONmENTaL



cHEmIcaL waSTE maNaGEmENT

We have strengthened our on-site chemical management, 

especially in high risk areas such as the transfer of materials, to 

minimise any unnecessary exposure to hazardous chemicals. 

our approval process for chemical products, in particular, the 

screening of highly hazardous chemicals have become more 

stringent. Where possible, we try to replace such hazardous 

materials with less hazardous materials in our production 

line. approval must be obtained for any exceptions from the 

relevant group technical authority.

to enhance safety, the production team and chemical handling 

units are required to comply strictly with the established 

operating procedures through every step of the production, 

transportation and storage of hazardous materials. Staff are 

also required to be familiar with emergency response plans. 

on 16 march 2018, gd tech (dongguan) co. ltd renewed 

iecQ certificate Qc080000:2012 for conformity hazardous 

Substance Process management (valid from 18 march 2018 

to 18 march 2019). this is to certify the organisation has 

developed and implemented hazardous substance process 

management procedures and related processes which have 

been assessed and found to comply with the applicable 

requirements for iecP hSPm organisation. 

ENVIrONmENTaL cOmPLIaNcE 

here at Shinvest, compliance with relevant codes and regulations on environmental issues is a must. the group has 

implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with the most relevant laws and regulations. 

We take steps at all workplaces to ensure the requirements are met throughout the duration of the projects.

china dongguan environmental authority has visited gd tech (dongguan) and conducted inspection in July fy2017. 

in fy2018, china dongguan Safety Supervision Bureau has conducted an inspection for gd tech (dongguan). Both 

inspections were completed with satisfactory results. gd tech group adhere strictly to the Prc laws and regulations. 

in fy2018, there were zero incidence of non-compliance with laws and regulations resulting in significant fines or 

sanctions.


Shinvest Holding Ltd.

08

SOcIaL

the employees of the group are one of the most important assets and their contribution and support are valued at all 

times. We regularly reviews compensation and benefit policies according to industry benchmark, financial results as 

well as the individual performance of employees. other fringe benefits and pension funds contributions are provided 

to retain loyal employees with the aim to form a professional staff and management team that can bring the group to 

new levels of success. Staff satisfaction can be seen by our recent low staff turnover. furthermore, the group places 

great emphasis on the training and development of employees and regard excellent employees as a key factor in its 

competiveness.

We respect human rights, support the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour, especially child 

labour, and do not tolerate any discrimination in respect of employment and occupation.

DIVErSITY aND EQuaL OPPOrTuNITY

a diverse workforce is an asset in today’s ever-changing global marketplace. We cultivate an inclusive culture where 

employees with wide-ranging backgrounds and qualities are highly motivated, engaged and connected. We do not 

discriminate one’s race, age, gender, religion, ethnicity, disability or nationality. 

as at 31 august 2018, we had a workforce of 404 full-time employees. our headcounts were distributed as follows:

the ratio of female employees in the group is relatively low but this is not unusual for our industry due to the nature 

of our business.

SHINVEST aND SIN HONG

Female

Singaporean

&gt; 21 years

&lt; 30 years

Male

Malaysian

11-20 years

30-50 years

PRC

1-10 years

&gt; 50 years

















































































GENDEr

38% 

22% 

21% 

45% 

53% 

29% 

46% 

25% 

50% 

9% 

62% 

aGE

LENGTH OF

SErVIcE

NaTIONaLITY


Sustainability Report 2018

09

SOcIaL

Female

Singaporean

11-20 years

&lt; 30 years

Male

Indian

1-10 years

30-50 years

PRC

&gt; 50 years



































































GENDEr

16% 

22% 

53% 

93% 

96% 

25% 

7% 

84% 

aGE

LENGTH OF

SErVIcE

NaTIONaLITY

GD TEcH (DONGGuaN)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

throughout the year, we held a range of activities to foster team-building such as “tug of War” matches, “fruits day”, 

“guess to Win”, basketball matches, weekly head of department lunch meetings, etc.

1% 3% 








Shinvest Holding Ltd.

10

SOcIaL

OccuPaTIONaL HEaLTH aND SaFETY 

as human resource is a major contributing factor to our organization, our employees’ safety and health at the 

workplace is one of our top priorities, and our ultimate goal is to have a zero accident workplace. We are committed 

to managing and reducing safety and health risks through effective risk management.

We have established a strict set of workplace health, safety and security policies. detailed Workplace Safety and 

Security clause and industrial accident compensation clause are stated in in employee handbook. this covers a 

standard procedure to identify hazards relating to occupational health and safety, evaluate risks associated with these 

hazards and to ensure that appropriate actions are taken to manage the risks involved. in addition, all environmental 

aspects and occupational health safety hazards which are within our control or under our management, as well 

as those that we cannot control or directly manage but are expected to affect health and safety, are covered in the 

policies.

given that we value our employees’ health and safety as a priority within our organization, achieving these 

certifications and implementing the framework of systems required are vital to our organization, the implementation 

of these frameworks have enabled us to systematically identify, reduce and mitigate risks involved in the operations 

of our organization. during fy2018, we have obtained/renewed following certificates: 

GD Tech (Dongguan) 

• 

iSo9001:2015/2016 (valid from 30 october 2017 to13 august 2019) for manufacture and sales of metal and 

plastic parts, assembly of machinery components for aerospace industry;

•

iSo13485:2003 (valid from17 august 2015 to 25 august 2019) for manufacture of metal and plastic parts for 

medical use, assembly of machinery components medical use; 

Sin Hong

•

iSo9001:2015 (valid from 10 January 2018 to 9 January 2019) for sales and distribution of fasteners &amp; hardware. 

GD Precision (Shanghai): 

• 

iSo/tS 16949:2009 (valid from 21 September 2016 to 14 September 2018) for manufacture of caliper and 

bracket;

•

iSo 9001:2008 (valid from 8 august 2015 to 9 august 2018) for machining and assembly of metal and plastic 

parts for semi- conducting device.

to prevent safety issues, we conduct safety training during employee enrolment. Safety google, ear plugs, safety 

boots were provided for all machines operating staffs. Proper attire are required for employees during office hours. 

Safety training are conducted covering all risk areas, for example, safety machine handling is a must for all machine 

operator and fire drill is conducted minimum once a year.

We also have a group insurance policies for our staff including workmen compensation, foreign worker medical 

insurance, key man insurance, business travel insurance.

on 26 august 2018, Safety &amp; health department of ministry of manpower Singapore (mom) visited Sin hong with 

satisfactory result.

during fy2018, there was one reported incident of a work-related accident in gd tech (dongguan) due to finger 

being cut by metal product and treatment in hospital. all expenses related to the incident were borne by Social 

Security administration of china.


Sustainability Report 2018

11

SOcIaL

TraINING aND EDucaTION

one of the group’s corporate goals is to develop its human capital through continuous training. in respect to this, we 

organize both internal and external programs for employees from time to time. the cost of the training would be borne 

by the company in full, however the employee shall have to pay the cost in the event that they do not complete the 

course, fail on the program or do not meet the minimum attendance requirements. 

external courses must be of direct relevance to the work of the employee. application for training courses must be 

made on the training application forms and to be submitted / approved by the department head and the general 

manager /ceo via the via the human resource and administration department. all employees receiving regular 

performance and career development reviews during annual appraisal

during fy2018, Sin hong has provided internal Basic and advanced Product training for 29 employees with total 

training hours amounting to 102 hours, 0.29 hour per employee. 69% of the trainees passed the training exam. Sin 

hong has also sent the employees to attend the following external trainings:

S/N

Topic of training

Number of attendees

1

Practical training for class 3 driving course

1

2

one day internal auditor course (iSo9001:2015)- 1 day

14

3

iSca-accounting course training – 2 days 

1

4

Workplace safety &amp; health in metal work -1 day 

2

5

Basic ionizing radiation safety course- 2 days  

1

in fy2018, gd tech (dongguan) provided following eight (8) trainings for our employees totaling 2,651 hours, with 

8.11 training hours of training per year per employee. all trainees passed the training exams and met the target set 

for passing rate at 100%. 

S/N

Topic of training

Number of attendees

1

customer complaints candling and improvements

19

2

Procurement SoP

6

3

die-casting product tooling and precautions

5

4

Project monitoring and inventory management

6

5

introduction to measure System analysis and grange re-

peatability and reproducibility application

10

6

g&amp;m code application for Processing centre

 22

7

7S management training

9

8

Project budgeting procedures.

9


Shinvest Holding Ltd.

12

SOcIaL

LOcaL cOmmuNITY ENGaGEmENT 

Shinvest aims to contribute back to the community and advocate the best practices within the group to achieve 

sustainable growth. the focus for fy2018 was to support the less privileged through activities that promote an 

enhanced sense of well-being. 

on 20 april 2018, Sin hong embarked on its inaugural corporate Social responsibility programme, through in-house 

fund raising activities and made a donation of S$1,122 in total to dover Park hospice in Singapore. Snack and 

goodies bags were also distributed to the patient.

in July 2018, Sin hong participated “Pcf central district charity golf and dinner 2018” and made a donation of 

S$5,000 to the PaP community foundation.  












Sustainability Report 2018

13

SOcIaL

cuSTOmEr SaTISFacTION

We believe that maintaining good relationships with customers has been one of the critical reasons for our success. 

our business model is to maintain and build on our strong relationships within our client base. our mission is to 

provide the finest service and to meet our on time delivery (“otd”) to our customers. Shinvest is constantly looking 

at ways to improve customer relations through enhanced services and product qualities. through doing the above we 

hope to increase the amount of business our customers do with us and our reach for new potential clients. 

We focus on customers’ needs, enhance our employees’ quality awareness and strengthen training quality. We 

implement a robust quality control management system, improve quality inspections, eliminate quality issues, and 

completely eliminate contamination by foreign particles. We ensure product quality and consistency in our production 

line and process changes, maintaining packaging, customer service, and on-time delivery. 

We place great emphasis on adherence to stringent quality controls at all stages of our production process. these 

quality control measures help ensure our products meet high standards expected by our customers and ultimately 

result in high customer satisfaction.

our production facilities also provide a safe working environment for all our employees. our internal quality control 

measures, from sourcing and procurement of raw materials to the delivery of our finished products, closely adhere 

to iSo requirements.

in addition, our quality control team conducts analysis for restriction of hazardous Substances (“rohS”) and issue 

certification/declaration to customers who are concerned with compliance with directive 2002/95/ec required by the 

european union on restriction the use of specific hazardous materials found in electrical and electronic products.

Quality targets were set for customer satisfaction are as follows:

S/N

KPI

Targets

1

on-time completion of Production 

≥95%

2

defect rates – received goods 

- raw material

≥95%

- outsourcing

≤2000 dPPm

3

customer rejection of goods sold 

≥95%

4

customer Satisfaction rate

≥90 points

5

on-time delivery

≥95%

6

collection and identification of customer hSf requirements

100%

the evaluation of the performance is being conducted monthly and checked against the targets set. all the result 

will be documented and in a Quality objective achievement report with unsatisfactory result highlighted if any. 

corrective action report will be issued for all areas with unsatisfactory result to further investigate the reasons.  

overall, we have reached the objective set for fy2018.

awarD 



gd tech was awarded “high-tech enterprise” in 2016 (valid 

for 3 years). With this certificate, we are able to enjoy the 

special tax rate and grant during the 3 years period. 

 


Shinvest Holding Ltd.

14

GOVErNaNcE

cOrPOraTE GOVErNaNcE 

the Board and the management of Shinvest commit to the best practices of the corporate governance to ensure 

sustainability of the group’s operations. We believe that the constant drive to upkeep corporate excellence will 

allow us to establish a more transparent, accountable and equitable system, thereby the increasing the value of 

the company and the value to our shareholders. throughout fy2018, we continue to adhere to the principles and 

guidelines set out in the code of corporate governance 2012. Please refer to the annual report 2018 pages 10 to 

23 for the details of the group’s corporate governance report.

BuSINESS ETHIcS aND cOmPLIaNcE

When it comes to hiring, Shinvest take seriously any possibility of conflict of interest. our code of conduct clearly 

spells out our expectations from our staff and the consequences if any of the rules are violated or standards not 

met. We also have clear and fair grievance procedures. our target is to ensure all allegation received are promptly 

addressed. during the year, there was no allegation received.

Business ethics are communicated to all our heads of business units regularly and they must fully understand that 

compliance with rules and regulations is a key part of running a responsible business. Shinvest regularly updates 

key staff with development in international and local regulations. We fully complies with all environmental rules and 

regulations, confidentiality clause, anti-competitive behaviour laws and all requirements on health and safety. 

cyber security and data privacy are important not just for compliance, but in safeguarding both our data and that of 

our customers. We takes measures to guard against cyber risks for both our internal and external stakeholders by 

complying with the Personal data Protection act Policy. this policy also applies to our employment process where 

the privacy of all applicants is safeguarded and access to personal data is restricted to authorised persons senior 

management on a need-to-know basis.

for fy2018, there were no significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws and regulations.

 

ENTErPrISE rISK maNaGEmENT 

the Board is overall responsible for determining the group’s risk appetite and tolerance, risk profile, overseeing the 

group’s risk management framework, reviewing the group’s key risks and mitigation strategies. management is 

responsible for designing, implementing and monitoring the risk management and internal controls system. the audit 

committee is supported by the management in the review of these risks and effectiveness of mitigation strategies 

and controls.

the risk management team, headed by the chief financial officer assesses and reviews the group’s business and 

operational environment in order to identify areas of significant business, financial, operational and compliance risks, 

as well as appropriate measures to control and mitigate these risks. 

the risk management team, which works alongside with the ac, reports and highlights all significant risk matters 

to the Board for discussions and appropriate actions, if required. the group has implemented an enterprise risk 

management framework to enable it to assess, identify, manage and monitor key risks and controls in the group’s 

businesses.

the group’s risk register was reviewed and updated on 3 december 2018.


Sustainability Report 2018

15

GrI STaNDarDS cONTENT INDEX 

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Reference / Description

GRI 101: Foundation 2016

general diScloSure

GRI 102: 

General 

Disclosures

102-1

name of organisation

ShinveSt holding ltd.

102-2

activities, brands, products and services

Page 2

102-3

location of headquarters

Singapore

102-4

location of operations

Page 2

102-5

ownership and legal form

annual report Page 112-113

102-6

markets served

Page 2

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Page 2

102-8

information on employees and other workers

Pages 8-9

102-9

Supply chain

Page 2

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain

Page 2

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

none  

102-12

external initiatives

Page 12

102-13

membership of associations

none

102-14

Statement from senior decision maker

Page 1

102-16

values, principles, standards and norms of behaviour

Page 14

102-18

governance structure

annual report Pages 10-23

102-40

list of stakeholder groups

Page 3

102-41

collective bargaining agreements

none

102-42

identifying and selecting stakeholders

Page 3

102-43

approach to stakeholder engagement

Page 3

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Page 3

102-45

entities included in the consolidated financial statements

annual report Page 71-72

102-46

defining report content and topic boundaries

Page 4

102-47

list of material topics

Page 4

102-48

restatement of information

not applicable

102-49

changes in reporting

not applicable

102-50

reporting period

1 September 2017  

to 31 august 2018 

102-51

date of most recent previous report

no applicable as this is our 

inaugural report

102-52

reporting cycle

annually

102-53

contact point for questions about the report

Page 1

102-54

claims if reporting in accordance with the gri Standards

Page 1

102-55

gri content index

Page 15

102-56

external assurance

We may seek external 

assurance in the future

material toPicS

GRI 201: Economic 

performance

201-1

direct economic value generated and distributed

Page 5

GRI 205: 

Anti-corruption

205-1

operations assessed for risks related to corruption

Page 5

GRI 302: Energy 

305-1

energy consumption within the organisation

Page 6

GRI 306: Energy

306-4 

transport of hazardous waste

Page 7

GRI 307: Environmental 

compliance

307-1

non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations

Page 7

GRI 403: Occupational 

Health and Safety

403-2

types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost 

days, and absenteeism, and number of work-related fatalities

Page 10

GRI 404: Training and 

Education

404-1

average hours of training per year per employee

Page 11

GRI 405: Diversity and 

equal opportunity

405-1

diversity of governance bodies and employees

Pages 8-9

GRI 413: Local 

Communities

413-1

operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programs

Page 12




SHINVEST HOLDING LTD.

旭阳控股有限公司

No. 3 Kian Teck Crescent,

Singapore 628881

