








In HarmonIous 

ConneCtIon



SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2019

SHINVEST HOLDING LTD.

旭阳控股有限公司




Contents

BOARD STATEMENT                                                        

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE                                           

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH                                          

ECONOMIC                                                                        

ENVIRONMENTAL                                                             

SOCIAL                                                                             

GOVERNANCE                                                                 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX                               

01 

 

02 

 

03 

 

05 

06 

07 

 

11 

 

12 

 






board statement



We are pleased to present the annual Sustainability 

Report of Shinvest Holding Limited (“Shinvest”, the 

“Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the 

“Group”) for our financial year ended 31 August 2019 

(“FY2019”). This report is prepared in compliance with 

the requirements of Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Rules 711A and 

711B, and references to the Global Reporting 

Initiative (“GRI”) Standards, Core option. We have 

chosen to report using the GRI Standards because it 

is an internationally recognised reporting framework 

that covers a comprehensive range of sustainability 

disclosures. Moreover, the structured framework 

promotes the reporting of a full and balanced picture 

of Shinvest’s material matters and the management 

of its impact. This report highlights the key economic, 

environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) 

related initiatives carried throughout a 12-month 

period, from 1 September 2018 to 31 August 2019. 

Sustainability is a part of the Group’s wider strategy 

to create long-term value for all its stakeholders. As 

such, the key material EESG factors for the Group 

have been identified and cautiously reviewed by the 

management. The data and information provided 

has not been verified by an independent third party. 

We relied on internal data monitoring and verification 

to ensure the accuracy of data and information. The 

board of directors of the Group (the “Board”) oversees 

the management and monitoring of these factors and 

takes them into consideration in the determination of 

the Group’s strategic direction and policies.

In addition to Shinvest Holding Ltd (“Shinvest”), Sin 

Hong Hardware Pte. Ltd (“Sin Hong”) is also covered 

in this Report. In March 2019, we disposed our equity 

interest in a subsidiary, GD Tech Private Co., Limited 

to the founder. This has affected the disclosures and 

data presented in this report as compared to the 

disclosures in the 2018 report. 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with 

regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables 

us to consistently improve our policies, systems and 

results. Please send your comments and suggestions 

to vunyew_siow@shinvest.com.sg.

 

31 January 2020

sustaInabIlIty report 2019

1






orGanIsatIonal proFIle



Shinvest Holding Ltd. (“Shinvest” or the “Company”), was incorporated in 1989 and has been listed on the Mainboard of 

Singapore Exchange Limited since 13 October 1999. The Company underwent a corporate restructuring exercise approved 

by shareholders on 30 July 2009, which saw the company divesting most of its loss-making subsidiaries. 

The Company returned to profit in 2010 after the acquisition of Sin Hong Hardware Pte Ltd (“Sin Hong”). Subsequently, in 

March 2014, the Company invested 10% equity interest in Espressif Group, comprising Espressif Incorporated, Espressif 

Systems (Shanghai) Pte Ltd and Espressif Microelectronics Wuxi Pte Ltd (“Espressif Group”). Over the years, Espressif Group 

had embarked on a series of restructuring and fund raising exercise. On 22 July 2019, Espressif Systems (Shanghai) Co., 

Ltd. (“Espressif Shanghai”) was listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange STAR Market. As a consequence of these changes, the 

Company is now directly holding 6% of equity interest of Espressif Shanghai.

Sin Hong is an integral part of the manufacturing value chain providing a wide range of industrial fasteners and a specialist in 

Standard, Non-standard and Customised Fasteners. Sin Hong caters to customers with special parts or custom-made parts 

for assembly requirement in various industries manufacturing suited to customers requirement. It serves both the domestic 

market and international market, countries coverage includes United States of America, Europe, Malaysia and Indonesia.

Espressif Shanghai is a privately held fabless semiconductor design group, specializing in wireless connectivity chipsets 

and software solutions for tablets, TV boxes, Internet of Things (“IoT”), as well as wearable electronics applications, and 

focused on improving lives through innovation and collaboration. It is dedicated to provide high quality and highly integrated 

connectivity semiconductor solutions to clients worldwide. Users can now easily embed its WiFi solution, based on the latest 

silicon technologies, within other systems, with complete and extensive functionalities, minimal cost and small form factor. 

sHInvest HoldInG ltd.

2






sustaInabIlIty approaCH



our sustaInabIlIty metHodoloGy

staKeHolders enGaGement 













plan and

 sCope



enGaGe 

staKeHolders



assess

materIalIty



ColleCt

data



report

















An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and material aspects relevant to 

our business. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken into account when formulating corporate 

strategies. These key stakeholders include, but are not limited to, customers, suppliers, shareholders, employees, and 

regulators. We adopt both formal and informal channels of communication to understand the needs of key stakeholders, and 

incorporate these into our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships. 



stakeholders

engagement platforms

Frequency



























































suppliers

Vendor Assessments

Annually

Emails/Calls

Continuously

Face-to-face meetings

Quarterly





















































shareholders

Annual General Meeting/

Extraordinary General Meeting

Annually

Annual Report

Annually

Announcement

Quarterly

Websites-Investor Relationship

Continuously















































Customers

Face-to-face meetings

Annually

Email feedback

Continuously

Customer cold calls

Continuously









































employees

Staff Appraisal

Periodically

Whistle blowing policy updates

Annually

Department &amp; Management Meetings

Quarterly

Staff Bonding Sessions

Quarterly









































board

Board Meetings

Half yearly

Board Circulation via E-mails

Half yearly

















































Government 

and regulators

Regular Reports

Continuously

Websites

Continuously

Calls

Continuously









































local 

Communities

Corporate Social Responsibility Programmes

Annually

sustaInabIlIty report 2019

3








materIalIty assessment 



Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant aspects. Relevant aspects are then prioritised to identify 

material factors which are subject to validation. The end result of this process is a list of material factors disclosed in the 

Sustainability Report. Process of which is as shown below

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment during the year with the help of an external consultant. We engaged our 

employees from different departments, seeking our internal stakeholders’ feedback for prioritisation of these topics. Going 

forward, materiality review will be conducted every year, incorporating inputs gathered from stakeholders’ engagements.

In order to determine if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, environment and society and 

its influence on the stakeholders. Applying the guidance from GRI, we have identified the following as our material aspects: 











IdentIFICatIon



prIorItIsatIon



valIdatIon



revIeW

eConomIC



soCIal



envIronmental



GovernanCe



• 

Economic Performance

• 

Anti-Corruption

• 

Energy

• 

Environmental Compliance

• 

Corporate Governance

• 

Business Ethics and Compliance

• 

Enterprise Risk Management 

• 

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

• 

Occupational Health and Safety

• 

Training and Education

• 

Local Communities

























































































































sHInvest HoldInG ltd.

4






Shinvest firmly believes that the focus on financial sustainability is critical and is fully committed to the highest standards of 

corporate governance. The Group’s basic principle is that long-term profitability and shareholders’ value is ensured by taking 

into account the interests of all stakeholders, such as shareholders, employees, suppliers and society as a whole.

In a period characterised by the International Monetary Fund (“IMF”) as a “synchronised slowdown”, overall global economic 

sentiment remained subdued across FY2019, with manufacturing and global trade being notably hard hit. This downturn, 

termed by the IMF as the “slowest-paced” since the global financial crisis, was markedly underscored by the twin deadlocks 

of the prolonged US-China trade war and Brexit negotiations. Amidst these sluggish conditions, and the deconsolidation 

of subsidiary GD Tech (H.K.) Privated Limited, the Group’s revenue reduced 14.5% year-on-year (YoY) to S$15.4 million in 

FY2019, as compared to S$18.0 million in the financial year ended 31 August 2018 (“FY2018”). Segmentally, the Export 

Strategic Business Unit (SBU) continued to serve as the largest contributor to sales from continuing operations in FY2019, 

forming 47.6% of the Group’s revenue (FY2018: 53.1%). Meanwhile, buoyed by a relatively more robust market, the Retail 

SBU saw its percentage contribution to sales move up by 5.4 percentage points to 35.7% in FY2019. On the other hand, 

revenue contribution from the Original Equipment Manufacturing (OEM) SBU remained relatively stable at 16.7% for FY2019 

(FY2018: 16.6%). 

While gross profit slid 8.3% YoY to S$5.3 million, the Group’s gross profit margin improved by 2.3 percentage points to 

34.3% in FY2019. The Group was also able to achieve a profit before income tax of S$83.8 million, a sizeable step up from 

S$2.2 million in FY2018. 

The strong financial results in FY2019 is a starting point for the Group’s focus on generating and sustaining positive cash 

flow. We will continue to identify and execute measures to facilitate good cash flow over the coming years.

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our FY2019 Annual Report:

• 

Financial Review, page 2 

• 

Outlook and Strategy, page 3

• 

Financial Statements, pages 33 to 130

We do not tolerate corruption in any form. This has been made clear to all of the Group’s directors, officers, employees, and 

external suppliers and business partners. Dedicated whistle-blowing hotlines using both email and mail are set up so that 

anyone wanting to report any business ethics issue can do so confidentially. Any report of corruption will be escalated to the 

attention of the Audit Committee.

There has also been no reported incidents of corruption during the reporting period. We aim to achieve zero incidents of 

corruption in the future as well. 

eConomIC



eConomIC perFormanCe 

antI CorruptIon

sustaInabIlIty report 2019

5


envIronmental



Shinvest endeavors to minimise the potential impact of our operations on the environment by implementing proper processes 

for waste reduction and waste management. We are committed to reduce our carbon footprint and the consumption of 

natural resources in all possible aspects of business operations. We encourage the use of renewable materials and resources, 

and where possible, reduce waste through re-using and recycling. We avoid any unnecessary use of hazardous materials and 

products and take all reasonable steps to protect the environment when such materials must be used, stored or disposed of. 

Shinvest, as a Group, we are fully aware of our responsibility for nurturing the environment and lessening negative 

environmental consequences at our work sites and the environment where we operate. 

In order to manage energy effectively, we monitor our electricity consumption at our work places. All the air conditioners 

must be switched off after office hours including lunch break with an automatic timer switch. Thermostat is set at low energy 

saving 78 degrees Fahrenheit. All lights and computers must be switched off when not in use.

It is our Group’s policy to use recycled paper and work towards a paperless culture. All staff were told to avoid any unnecessary 

printing and keeping softcopy of all documents and reports. We do not encourage fax but emails from customers and 

suppliers.

We recently implemented a new ERP system which will greatly reduce the use of papers and assist us in achieving our aim 

of cutting down paper consumption by half in 2020.

About 70% of our warehouses Hi-Bay lights were replaced by LED lights. We also replaced spoilt electric appliances with 

energy saving type (e.g., air conditioner units). We will continue to use energy on a required basis and avoid wastage. In 

FY2019, our energy consumption was as follows: 

Here at Shinvest, compliance with relevant Codes and Regulations on environmental issues is a must. The Group has 

implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with the most relevant laws and regulations. We take 

steps at all workplaces to ensure the requirements are met throughout the duration of the projects.

In FY2019, there were zero incidence of non-compliance with laws and regulations resulting in significant fines or sanctions. 

We aim to achieve zero incidence of non-compliance with laws and regulations resulting in significant fines or sanctions.

enerGy

envIronmental ComplIanCe 



2018

2019

Total Electricity Consumption

421,522 kwh

365,483 kwh

Electricity Consumption per unit

444.53 kwh/sqm

385.43 kwh/sqm

This is different from the figure last year (for only 1 warehouse). This is adjusted to include total of 3 warehouses.



sHInvest HoldInG ltd.

6


The employees of the Group are one of the most important assets and their contribution and support are valued at all 

times. We regularly review compensation and benefit policies according to industry benchmarks, financial results as well as 

the individual performance of employees. Other fringe benefits and pension fund contributions are provided to retain loyal 

employees with the aim of forming a professional staff and management team that can bring the Group to greater success. 

Staff satisfaction can be seen from our recent low staff turnover. Furthermore, the Group places great emphasis on the 

training and development of employees and regard excellent employees as a key factor in its competitiveness.

We respect human rights, support the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour, especially child labour, and 

do not tolerate any discrimination in respect of employment and occupation.

A diverse workforce is an asset in today’s ever-changing global marketplace. We cultivate an inclusive culture where 

employees with various backgrounds and qualities are highly motivated, engaged and connected. We do not discriminate 

one’s race, age, gender, religion, ethnicity, disability or nationality. 

As at 31 August 2019, we had a workforce of 73 full-time employees. Our headcounts for Shinvest and Sin Hong were 

distributed as follows:

dIversIty and eQual opportunIty

Gender

42%

natIonalIty

aGe

lenGtH oF servICe 

soCIal





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































58%

48%

45%

7%

63%

27%

10%

MALE

30-50 YEARS

SINGAPOREAN

&gt;21 YEARS

&gt;50 YEARS

MALAYSIAN

11-20 YEARS

1-10 YEARS

&lt;30 YEARS

PRC

FEMALE

14%

27%

59%

sustaInabIlIty report 2019

7


soCIal



The ratio of female employees in the Group is relatively low but this is not unusual in our industry due to the nature of our 

business.

Throughout the year, we held a range of team-building activities such as Durian Party, Christmas Lunch &amp; Gift Exchange, 

CNY Buffet &amp; Yu Sheng, and Company Dinner &amp; Dance to facilitate team bonding.

As human resource is a major contributing factor in our organization, our employees’ safety and health at the workplace is 

one of our top priorities, and our ultimate goal is to have a zero accident workplace. We are committed to managing and 

reducing safety and health risks through effective risk management.

We have established a strict set of workplace health, safety and security policies. Detailed Workplace Safety and Security 

Clause and Industrial Accident Compensation Clause are both stated in the Employee Handbook. This covers the standard 

procedures to identify hazards relating to occupational health and safety, evaluate risks associated with these hazards 

and to ensure that appropriate actions are taken to manage the risks involved. In addition, all environmental aspects and 

occupational health safety hazards which are within our control or under our management, as well as those that we cannot 

control or directly manage but are expected to affect health and safety, are covered in the policies.

Given that we value and prioritise our employees’ health and safety within our organization, achieving these certifications and 

implementing the framework of systems required is vital to our organization. The implementation of these frameworks has 

enabled us to systematically identify, reduce and mitigate risks involved in the operations of our organization. Sin Hong was 

ISO9001:2015 certified valid from 10 January 2018 to 9 January 2021 for sales and distribution of fasteners and hardware.  

To prevent safety issues, we conduct safety training during employee enrollment. Safety goggles, ear plugs and safety boots 

were provided for all machine operating staffs. Proper attire is required for employees during office hours. The safety training 

conducted covers all risk areas. For example, trainings for safety machine handling is a must for all machine operators and 

fire drill is conducted minimum once a year.

We also have group insurance policies for our staff including workmen compensation, foreign worker medical insurance, key 

man insurance and business travel insurance.

We aim to achieve zero incident of workplace accidents in 2020.





oCCupatIonal HealtH and saFety 

sHInvest HoldInG ltd.

8


One of the Group’s corporate goals is to develop it’s human capital through continuous training. We organize both internal 

and external programs for employees from time to time. The cost of the training would be borne by the company in full, 

however the employee shall have to pay the cost in the event that they do not complete the course, fail on the program or do 

not meet the minimum attendance requirements. 

External courses must be of direct relevance to the work of the employee. Application for training courses must be made on 

the Training Application forms and is to be submitted / approved by the Department Head and the General Manager / CEO via 

the Human Resource and Administration Department. All employees receive regular performance and career development 

reviews during the annual appraisals.

In 2019, Sin Hong has provided  three internal Basic and Advanced Product Training to our employees:

Sin Hong has also sent the employees to attend the following external trainings:

soCIal



traInInG and eduCatIon



no.

topic of training

 number of attendees

training hours per session

1

LEAN SIX SIGMA

21

1.5

2

5S Warehouse

21

1.5

3

5S Office

15

1.5



no.

topic of training

 number of attendees

training hours per session

1

WSQ Manage Productivity 

improvement to Achieve Business 

Objectives

20

160

2

WSQ Implement Lean Six Sigma

20

640

3

WSQ Plan and Implement 

Productivity Framework 

20

160

4

ISCA – Analysis &amp; Review of FRS 

Course

1

16

5

UMW – Operate Forklift Driver 

Training Course

2

72



sustaInabIlIty report 2019

9




On 21 June 2019, Sin Hong embarked on its inaugural Corporate Social Responsibility programme through it’s in-house fund 

raising activities for Dover Park Hospice in Singapore. Our employees donated and the Company matched dollar to dollar. 

Snacks and goodie bags were also distributed to the patient. On 3 July 2019, Shinvest participated in the “NTU President’s 

Charity Golf Cup 2019” and made a donation of S$5,000 to NTU. In July 2019, Shinvest also sponsored Chuan Pictures a 

total of S$3000 for the NDP MV “Our Singapore” for the 2019 NDP music video.

We aim to provide two to three activities for the local communities in 2020.

Shinvest aims to contribute back to the community and advocate the best practices within the Group to achieve sustainable 

growth. The focus for FY2019 was to support the less privileged through activities that promote an enhanced sense of well-

being.







loCal CommunIty enGaGement 

soCIal



sHInvest HoldInG ltd.

10


The Board and the Management of Shinvest commit to the best practices of the corporate governance to ensure sustainability 

of the Group’s operations. We believe that the constant drive to upkeep corporate excellence will allow us to establish a 

more transparent, accountable and equitable system, thereby the increasing the value of the Company and the value to our 

shareholders. Throughout FY2019, we adhered to the principles and guidelines set out in the Code of Corporate Governance 

2018 and will continue to do so in the coming years. Please refer to the pages 10 to 22 of the 2019 Annual Report for the 

details of the Group’s Corporate Governance Report.

When it comes to hiring, Shinvest takes seriously any possible conflict of interest. Our Code of Conduct clearly spells out our 

expectations from our staff and the consequences if any of the rules were violated or standards were not met. We also have 

clear and fair grievance procedures. Our target is to ensure all allegations received are promptly addressed. During the year, 

no allegations were received.

Business ethics is communicated to all our heads of business units regularly and they must fully understand that compliance 

with rules and regulations is a key part of running a responsible business. Shinvest regularly updates key staff with development 

in international and local regulations. We fully comply with all environmental rules and regulations, confidentiality clause, 

anti-competitive behaviour laws and all requirements on health and safety. 

Cyber security and data privacy are important not just for compliance, but also to safeguard both our data and that of our 

customers. We take measures to guard against cyber risks for both our internal and external stakeholders by complying 

with the Personal Data Protection Act Policy. This policy also applies to our employment process where the privacy of all 

applicants is safeguarded and access to personal data is restricted to authorised persons senior management on a need-to-

know basis.

For FY2019, there were no significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws and regulations and 

we aim to maintain this track record. 

The Board is overall responsible for determining the Group’s risk appetite and tolerance, risk profile, overseeing the Group’s 

risk management framework, reviewing the Group’s key risks and mitigation strategies. The Management is responsible 

for designing, implementing and monitoring the risk management and internal controls system. The Audit Committee is 

supported by the Management in the review of these risks and effectiveness of mitigation strategies and controls.

The Risk Management Team, headed by the Chief Financial Officer assesses and reviews the Group’s business and 

operational environment in order to identify areas of significant business, financial, operational and compliance risks, as well 

as appropriate measures to control and mitigate these risks. 

The Risk Management Team, which works alongside with the AC, reports and highlights all significant risk matters to the 

Board for discussions and appropriate actions, if required. The Group has implemented an Enterprise Risk Management 

framework to enable it to assess, identify, manage and monitor key risks and controls in the Group’s businesses.

The Group’s Risk Register was reviewed and updated on 23 October 2019.

Corporate GovernanCe

busIness etHICs and ComplIanCe

enterprIse rIsK manaGement 

GovernanCe



sustaInabIlIty report 2019

11


GrI standards Content IndeX





GrI standard

disclosure

reference / description

GrI 101: Foundation 2016

General dIsClosure

GrI 102: General 

disclosures

102-1

Name of organisation

SHINVEST HOLDING LTD.

102-2

Activities, brands, products and services

Page 2

102-3

Location of headquarters

Singapore

102-4

Location of operations

Page 2

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Annual Report Page 7

102-6

Markets served

Page 2

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Page 2

102-8

Information on employees and other 

workers

Pages 7 to 8

102-9

Supply chain

Page 2

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation 

and its supply chain

Page 2

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

None  

102-12

External initiatives

Page 10

102-13

Membership of associations

None

102-14

Statement from senior decision maker

Page 1

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour

Page 11

102-18

Governance structure

Annual Report Pages 10-22

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Page 3

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

None

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Page 3

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Page 3

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

Page 3

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements

Annual Report Page 74

102-46

Defining report content and topic 

boundaries

Page 4

102-47

List of material topics

Page 4

102-48

Restatement of information

Page 1

102-49

Changes in reporting

Not Applicable

102-50

Reporting period

1 September 2018 to 31 August 

2019 

102-51

Date of most recent previous report

31 August 2019

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annually

102-53

Contact point for questions about the 

report

Page 1

102-54

Claims if reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards

Page 1

102-55

GRI content index

Pages 12 to 13

102-56

External Assurance

We may seek external 

assurance in the future

sHInvest HoldInG ltd.

12




GrI standard

disclosure

reference / description

materIal topICs

GrI 201: economic 

performance

201-1

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed

Page 5

GrI 205: anti-

corruption

205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption

Page 5

GrI 302: energy 

305-1

Energy consumption within the 

organisation

Page 6

 GrI 307: 

environmental 

compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations

Page 6

GrI 403: 

occupational 

Health and safety

403-2

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities

Page 8

GrI 404: training 

and education

404-1

Average hours of training per year per 

employee

Page 9

GrI 405: diversity 

and equal 

opportunity

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees

Page 7

GrI 413: local 

Communities

413-1

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, and 

development programs

Page 10

GrI standards Content IndeX



sustaInabIlIty report 2019

13




SHINVEST HOLDING LTD.

旭阳控股有限公司

No. 3 Kian Teck Crescent,

Singapore 628881

