
 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2018 

 

 








 

 

Table of Contents 

 

1. 

BOARD STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY ............................. 2 

 

2. 

CORPORATE PROFILE .............................................................. 3 

 

3. 

APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY ............................................. 5 

 

4. 

ECONOMIC ................................................................................. 7 

 

5. 

ENVIRONMENTAL ...................................................................... 7 

 

6. 

SOCIAL ....................................................................................... 8 

 

7. 

GOVERNANCE ........................................................................... 9 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX ...................................................... 10 

 

 

 

This report has been prepared by shopper360 Limited (the “Company”) and its contents have been 

reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, ZICO Capital Pte. Ltd. (the “Sponsor”), in accordance with Rule 

226(2)(b) of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: 

Rules of Catalist.  

 

This report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes no 

responsibility for the contents of this report, including the correctness of any of the statements or 

opinions made or reports contained in this report.  

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms Alice Ng, Director of Continuing Sponsorship, ZICO Capital 

Pte. Ltd. at 8 Robinson Road, #09-00 ASO Building, Singapore 048544, telephone: (65) 6636 4201. 

 


 

2 

 

 

 

 

 

1. BOARD STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY 

 

Sustainability is becoming a key component for companies to promote value creation, and 

demand for increased transparency on listed companies’ environmental, social and 

governance (“ESG”) practices have been growing among investors.  

 

At shopper360 Limited (the “Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, “shopper360” or 

the “Group”), sustainability has always been a part of the Group culture as we strive to 

achieve continual financial performance and uninterrupted growth. Recognising the 

relevance of sustainability in our business values, our statement on sustainability aims to 

illustrate our strategic approach to address sustainability challenges in contributing towards 

the betterment of the business, environment and society.  

 

We are pleased to present the inaugural annual Sustainability Report of shopper360 for the 

financial year ended 31 May 2018 (“FY2018”). This report, produced in accordance with the 

Global Reporting Initiatives (“GRI”) Standard (Core Option), includes the primary components 

as set out in Practice Note 7F of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-

ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist Rules”) for sustainability reporting. 

The Group will continue to make improvements to its sustainability efforts and work with its 

stakeholders towards promoting sustainability in its businesses. 

 

We have chosen GRI as the sustainability reporting framework as it is internationally 

recognised and is widely adopted, enabling us to achieve a comprehensive and comparable 

disclosure of ESG performance. The GRI content index and relevant references are provided 

from pages 10 to 11 of this report. 

 

The data and information provided have not been verified by an independent third party. We 

have relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy of data and 

information. The Board of Directors of the Group (the “Board” or “Directors”) oversees the 

management and monitoring of these factors and takes them into consideration in the 

determination of the Group’s strategic direction and policies. 

 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this 

enables us to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your 

comments and suggestions to ir@shopper360.com.my. 

 

 

 

 


 

3 

 



2. CORPORATE PROFILE 

 

The Group is a well-established shopper marketing services provider in the retail and 

consumer goods industries of Malaysia, with over 30 years of experience in in-store 

advertising. The Group offers a comprehensive range of marketing and advertising services 

that integrate along the entire shopper journey, from the use of online media to influence a 

consumer’s planning and brand consideration, to in-store media and shopper engagement 

through sampling and events. All these touchpoints will help drive brand awareness, trial 

and conversion to loyalty, retention and repeat purchase amongst shoppers. 

 

The Group has a strong network of retail partners that provide access to in-store advertising 

in over 2,840 retail outlets across 184 towns in Malaysia, comprising hypermarkets and 

supermarkets such as Giant, Cold Storage, Econsave, The Store, Billion, MYDIN and Aeon; 

convenience stores chains such as 99 Speedmart and myNEWS.com; as well as pharmacy 

chains and petrol marts such as Shell. In 2018, Pos Ad was appointed as the official media 

reseller for Spotify Malaysia, a music streaming service. 

 

The Group’s current client base of local and multi-national customers includes Nestle, 

Colgate-Palmolive, F&amp;N Beverage, Fonterra, Samsung, U Mobile and Huawei.  

 

 


 

4 

 

 

 

 

Group’s Vision 

 

To be the shopper marketing expert in Asia. 

 

Group’s Mission 

 

To be a leader in the field of shopper marketing. Providing 360 solution such as integrated 

digital and offline marketing – omnichannel, in-store advertising, e-commerce, data and 

insight, merchandising, field force activation (sampling), on-ground activation and retail 

technology products and services. 

 

To attract the best talents that fit our culture of forward thinking, forward doing, 

collaboration whilst cultivating an environment that promotes passion, develops expertise 

and celebrates success. 

 

To collaborate and be strategic with our business partners, retailers and customers (brand 

owners) in providing solutions to grow their businesses via sales and marketing efforts on 

the shopper marketing front. 

 

To create memorable shopper experiences in the digital and physical retail world. 

 

 


 

5 

 

3. APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT 

 

The Group recognises the importance of effective communication to ensure that our 

stakeholders understand our business, governance, financial performance and prospects.  An 

important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and the 

material aspects relevant to our business. The contents of this report has been determined 

based on ongoing stakeholder dialogue and a review of issues that are critical to shopper360. 

We define our stakeholders as those impacted by our business activities, who have direct and 

indirect involvement and whose interest may have positive or negative consequences due to 

our business activities. The interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken into 

account when formulating corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, but are not 

limited to, customers, suppliers, shareholders and employees.  

 

The Group is committed in engaging all of our stakeholders as part of our continued 

sustainability endeavors. We view stakeholder engagement as a continual process and not a 

one-off event. We adopt both formal and informal channels of communication to understand 

the needs of key stakeholders, and incorporate these into our corporate strategies to achieve 

mutually beneficial relationships. 

 

The following table represents the stakeholder engagement methods which the Group adopt 

in our sustainability practices to meet the ESG requirements. 

 

Stakeholders 

Engagement Platform 

Frequency of Engagement 

Suppliers 

Face-to-face meetings 

When needed 

Vendor Assessment 

Annually 

Employees 

Staff Appraisal 

Annually 

Training and Development 

Occasionally  

 

Investors and 

Shareholders 

Annual General Meeting/ 

Extraordinary General 

Meeting 

Annually or when needed 

Annual Report 

Annually 

Announcement 

Half yearly (results announcements) or when 

needed (other announcements) 

Customers 

Face-to-face meetings 

When needed 

Regular customers’ feedbacks  

Daily 

Social Media 

Daily 

Exhibition 

Occasionally 

Government 

and 

Regulators 

Annual Report 

Annually 

Announcement 

Half yearly (results announcements) or when 

needed (other announcements) 

 

 

Reporting

Collect Data

Materiality 

Assessment

Engage 

Stakeholders

Planning and 

Scoping


 

6 

 

 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of material topics. In order to determine 

if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, environment and 

society and its influence on the stakeholders. We have identified these material topics for 

reporting based on the significance of our ESG and economic impacts and the degree of 

influence where we see the most potential for creating maximum value for our shareholders 

and stakeholders. Relevant topics are then prioritised to identify material factors which are 

subject to validation. The materiality assessment was guided by inputs from our management 

and key representatives from business units as well as some external stakeholders. Going 

forward, materiality review will be conducted every year, incorporating inputs gathered from 

stakeholders’ engagements. 

 

Applying the guidance from GRI, we have identified the following as our material aspects: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TARGETS 

Given that this is our inaugural report, we do not have sufficient performance data to form 

a trend for the purpose of setting targets. Quantitative target will be included in the 

subsequent sustainability report for the financial year ending 31 May 2019 (“FY2019”), 

which is expected to be released by 31 October 2019. 

Review of 

MT

Validation of 

MT

Prioritisation 

of MT

Identification 

of Material 

Topics 

("MT")

ECONOMIC

-Economic Performance

-Anti Corruption

ENVIRONMENTAL

-Environmental Compliance

SOCIAL

-Employment and Diversity

-Training and Education

-Socioeconomic Compliance

GOVERNANCE

-Corporate Governance

-Risk Management


 

7 

 

 

 

4. ECONOMIC 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

We are committed to achieving economic sustainability growth for our shareholders. We 

conduct our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and in accordance 

with high ethical business practices and good corporate governance. 

As part of shopper360’s journey to incorporate sustainable business practices in the long term, 

the Group is committed to a holistic approach to business management. shopper360 believes 

that focusing on financial sustainability is critical. The Group’s basic principle is that long-term 

profitability and shareholder value is ensured by taking into account the interests of 

stakeholders, such as shareholders, employees, suppliers and society as a whole. 

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our Annual Report 2018: 

• 

Group Financial Highlights, pages 28 to 31 

• 

Financial Statements, pages 74 to 130 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

The Group is committed to the values of transparency, integrity, impartiality and accountability 

in the conduct of its business and affairs. 

shopper360 has zero-tolerance for corruption. We take a strong stand against corrupt 

practices and strategies, and this value has been communicated to all of our employees, major 

suppliers and business partners. There were no fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-

compliance with laws and regulations over the past year. There was no reported incidents of 

corruption during the same reporting period. 

The Group has established a whistle-blowing policy with the aim of providing a structured 

mechanism for employees and other stakeholders to report any concerns on any suspected 

or wrongful activities or wrongdoings. These refer to any potential violations or concerns 

relating to any laws, rules, regulations, acts, ethics, integrity and business conduct, including 

any violation or concerns relating to malpractice, illegal, immoral, embezzlement and 

fraudulent activities, which will affect the business and image of the Group. Please refer to 

page 62 of our Annual Report 2018 for further details on the Group’s whistle-blowing policy. 

We will always ensure that there will be no incidents of corruption in the Group. 

 

5. ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

 

The Group remains steadfast in our commitment to sustainable development and seeks to 

operate in a way that minimises environmental harm. shopper360’s direct environmental 

impact is limited, but we always strive to avoid unnecessary impact on the environment and 

to further reduce environmental impact. 

 

In FY2018, there was no incidence of non-compliance with laws and regulations and we 

endeavor to maintain this track record. 

 


 

8 

 

 

6. SOCIAL 

 

EMPLOYMENT AND DIVERSITY 

 

We recognise our employees are the drivers of our business and we believe in creating a 

respectful, rewarding and safe working environment for our people. Our work environment are 

aimed at providing a fair performance-based work culture that is diverse, inclusive and 

collaborative. We also encourage our people to reach their fullest potential and provide them 

with a fulfilling and meaningful career.  

 

Every employee plays an essential role in the Group. Continuous open dialogue is the main 

platform used to engage our employees. Open dialogues are conducted informally to 

encourage employees to raise any issues to management. We believes that this provides a 

more interactive and direct channel for any form of feedback. 

 

Building and retaining talent are both critical in growing the Group as the continuous growth 

of the Group needs talented employees. Having a diverse workforce with equal opportunity 

regardless of age, race and gender is one of the ways to build and retain talent. Our employees 

are not covered by collective bargaining agreements but are given the rights to exercise 

freedom of association.  

 

As at 31 May 2018, shopper360 employed 1,735 staff, comprising 241 permanent staff and 

1,494 contract staff. Female employees accounted for 35% of our total workforce. The Board 

of Directors comprises 6 members, of which three are women. The profile of each of our 

Directors can be found on page 32 to 34 of our Annual Report 2018. 

 

There have been no reports of discrimination based on race or gender within the Group. 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

 

shopper360 has been recognized as one of the best companies to work for by HR Asia. As a 

Group, we are continuously striving to create a collaborative and fulfilling working environment 

for all of our employees. This can only be achieved with carefully designed innovative 

employee engagement and development programmes. 

 

We encourage and aim to provide all employees with equal opportunities for training and 

upgrading. We believe that learning and training is an important, continuous and life-long 

process so that employees are equipped with the competencies needed to meet current and 

future business needs. This includes workshops, seminars, conferences, in-house company 

training and on-the-job training.  

 

We have not stopped short in our efforts to be thought leaders in our industry, whether by 

attending overseas expo, hosting shopper marketing talks or constantly upskilling our staff 

through various training programs. shopper360 allocates 2% of its total salary costs in 

upskilling and development of its people. For FY2018, shopper360 has achieved an average 

training hours of 9 hours per staff. Courses such as digital transformation, strategic thinking 

for planners, communication with neuro-linguistic programming techniques and digital 

marketing 101 are just some of them. 

 


 

9 

 

 

As our business expands, the increase in demand for knowledge and skills set to cope with 

the growth will inevitably increase. In anticipation of the aforementioned, we aim to increase 

our training hours for our employees and continue to allocate 2% of the total salary cost to be 

set aside in upgrading the skills of our staff for the forthcoming financial year.  

 

 

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE 

 

The Group is proud to inform that it is in compliance, in all material aspects, with all social, 

economic, and environmental rules and regulations and is not engaged in any anti-competitive 

practices. 

 

 

7. GOVERNANCE 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 

The Board acknowledges the importance for the Group to adopt and continuously practise 

good corporate governance throughout the Group operations to ensure accountability and 

transparency, as a fundamental part of discharging its responsibilities to protect and enhance 

shareholders’ value and financial performance of the Group. 

 

Please refer to Corporate Governance Report set out on pages 45 to 66 of our Annual Report 

2018 for further details on the Group’s corporate governance practices. 

 

RISK MANAGEMENT 

 

The Board acknowledges that it is responsible for reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness 

of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems including financial, operational, 

compliance and information technology controls. The Board is committed to ensuring that the 

Group has an effective and practical enterprise risk management framework in place to 

safeguard Shareholders’ interests, and the sustainability of the Group as well as provide a 

basis to make informed decisions having regard to the risk exposure and risk appetite of the 

Group.  

 

For detailed disclosure on our risk management activity, please refer to pages 58 to 59 of our 

Annual Report 2018. 

 

 


 

10 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Reference/Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GRI 102: General Disclosures 

 

 

1. Organizational profile 

 

 

Disclosure 102-1  

Name of the organization 

shopper360 Limited 

Disclosure 102-2   

Activities, brands, products, and services 

https://shopper360.com.my/our-expertise/ 

Disclosure 102-3    

Location of headquarters 

Malaysia 

Disclosure 102-4   

Location of operations 

Malaysia, Singapore, Myanmar 

Disclosure 102-5   

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report 2018 (“AR”) pages 131 to 132, 

Sustainability Report (“SR”) page 3 

Disclosure 102-6   

Markets served 

Malaysia, Singapore, Myanmar 

Disclosure 102-7   

Scale of the organization 

AR page 5, SR page 8 

Disclosure 102-8   

Information on employees and other workers 

SR page 8 

Disclosure 102-9   

Supply chain 

AR page 17 

Disclosure 102-10  

Significant changes to the organization and its 

supply chain 

None 

Disclosure 102-11  

Precautionary Principle or approach 

shopper360 supports the intent of this 

principle, but has not expressed a specific 

commitment 

Disclosure 102-12  

External initiatives 

None 

Disclosure 102-13  

Membership of associations 

None 

2. Strategy 

 

 

Disclosure 102-14  

Statement from senior decision-maker 

AR page 2 

3. Ethics and integrity 

 

 

Disclosure 102-16  

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behaviour 

SR page 4 

4. Governance 

 

 

Disclosure 102-18  

Governance structure 

AR pages 45 to 66 

5. Stakeholder engagement 

 

 

Disclosure 102-40  

List of stakeholder groups 

SR page 5 

Disclosure 102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

Disclosure 102-42  

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR page 5 

Disclosure 102-43  

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR page 5 

Disclosure 102-44  

Key topics and concerns raised 

To be reported in FY2019 report 

6. Reporting practice 

 

 

Disclosure 102-45  

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

AR page 5 

Disclosure 102-46  

Defining report content and topic Boundaries 

SR page 2 

Disclosure 102-47 

List of material topics 

SR page 6 

Disclosure 102-48  

Restatements of information 

Not applicable 

Disclosure 102-49  

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable 

Disclosure 102-50  

Reporting period 

1 June 2017 to 31 May 2018 

Disclosure 102-51  

Date of most  recent report 

Not applicable. This is shopper360’s inaugural 

report 

Disclosure 102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

Disclosure 102-53  

Contact point for questions regarding  the report 

SR page 2 

Disclosure 102-54  

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

This report is with reference to the GRI 

Standards (Core Option) 

Disclosure 102-55  

GRI content index 

SR pages 10 to 11 

Disclosure 102-56  

External assurance 

shopper360 did not seek for any external 

assurance for this report. 

 

 

 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: Economic Performance 

 

 

Disclosure 201-1  

Direct economic value generated and distributed 

SR page 7 

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 

 

 

Disclosure 205-3  

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken 

SR page 7 

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 

 

 

Disclosure 307-1  

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

SR page 7 

 

 

 

 

 


 

11 

 

 

 

GRI 404-2: Training and Education 

 

 

 

Disclosure 404-2  

Programs for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programs 

SR page 8 

GRI 419: Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

 

 

Disclosure 419-1  

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area 

SR page 9 

 

