


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability 

Report 

2021 


2 

 

Table of Contents  

ABOUT THIS REPORT ................................................................................................................ 3 

BOARD STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY ............................................................................. 4 

CORPORATE PROFILE ............................................................................................................... 6 

GROUP STRUCTURE .................................................................................................................. 7 

Group’s Vision ........................................................................................................................... 8 

Group’s Mission ......................................................................................................................... 8 

OUR RESPONSE TO COVID-19 .................................................................................................. 9 

Providing Essential Services During Movement Control Order (“MCO”) .................................. 9 

Providing A Safe Environment For Employees To Carry Out Their Duties .............................. 9 

APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY ........................................................................................... 10 

Engaging Our Stakeholders .................................................................................................... 10 

Materiality Assessment ........................................................................................................... 12 

Our Material Topics And Targets ........................................................................................ 13 

ECONOMIC ................................................................................................................................. 14 

Economic Performance ........................................................................................................... 14 

Opportunities For Internal And External Growth Via Innovation And Digital Enablement .. 16 

Anti-Corruption ........................................................................................................................ 23 

ENVIRONMENTAL ..................................................................................................................... 24 

Environmental Compliance ..................................................................................................... 24 

SOCIAL ....................................................................................................................................... 26 

Diversity And Equal Opportunity ............................................................................................. 26 

Non-Discrimination .................................................................................................................. 28 

Training And Education ........................................................................................................... 29 

Socioeconomic Compliance .................................................................................................... 31 

Customer Privacy .................................................................................................................... 32 

GOVERNANCE ........................................................................................................................... 33 

Corporate Governance ............................................................................................................ 33 

Risk Management ................................................................................................................... 33 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX ........................................................................................ 34 

 



This report has been prepared by shopper360 Limited (the “Company”) and its contents have 

been reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, ZICO Capital Pte. Ltd. (the “Sponsor”), in 

accordance with Rule 226(2)(b) of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-

ST”) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist. 

 

This report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes no 

responsibility for the contents of this report, including the correctness of any of the statements 

or opinions made or reports contained in this report. 

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms Alice Ng, Director of Continuing Sponsorship, ZICO 

Capital Pte. Ltd. at 8 Robinson Road, #09-00 ASO Building, Singapore 048544, telephone: (65) 

6636 4201. 


 

3 

 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

 

 

We are pleased to present our Sustainability 

Report for the financial year ended 31 May 

(“FY”) 2021 which covers the company’s 

strategies, initiatives and performance in 

relation to Economic, Environmental, Social 

and Governance (“EESG”) issues. The 

scope of this report covers the sustainability 

performance and practices across our Group 

from 1 June 2020 to 31 May 2021, unless 

otherwise stated. 

 

This report, produced in accordance with the 

Global Reporting Initiatives (“GRI”) Standard 

(Core 

Option), 

includes 

the 

primary 

components as set out in Rules 711A and 

711B of the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual 

Section B: Rules of Catalist for sustainability 

reporting. The GRI Standard were selected 

as it is an internationally recognised and 

widely adopted reporting framework that 

provides guidance to report on sustainability 

matters. 

 

The GRI content index and relevant 

references are disclosed on pages 34 to 35 

of this report. The data and information 

provided have not been verified by an 

independent third party. We have relied on 

internal data monitoring and verification to 

ensure accuracy of data and information. 

 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as 

this enables us to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your 

comments and suggestions to ir@shopper360.com.my. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






 

4 

 

BOARD STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY 

 

 

shopper360 Limited (the “Company”, and 

together 

with 

its 

subsidiaries, 

“shopper360” or the “Group”) is a well-

established 

provider 

of 

shopper 

marketing services in the retail and 

consumer goods industries in Malaysia 

and have more than 30 years of 

experience in the in-store advertising 

industry. The Group has always been 

committed to sustainability and fully 

supports the adoption of the SGX 

sustainability reporting guidelines. We 

firmly believe that building a sustainable 

business is vital to our continued success. 

 

2020 has been an unprecedented year, 

marked by challenges from the ongoing 

COVID-19 which disrupted the lives of 

many globally. COVID-19 has created a 

difficult social and business environment, 

causing 

disruptions 

to 

operations 

throughout the world. It shaped our 

operations in 2021 and we made 

adaptations as it became apparent that 

the crisis was not going to dissipate 

anytime soon.  

 

While the world grappled with the 

pandemic, Myanmar woke to the news 

that its military forces had retaken power 

on 1 February 2021, after a decade of 

democratic government. The military 

government 

has 

imposed 

periodic 

shutdowns, limiting access and mobility. 

With the resulting mass demonstrations 

and nationwide uprising through civil 

disobedience movement, this has led to 

operational difficulties for businesses. 

The military coup had impacted our 

operations in Myanmar to a certain 

extent, with some of our media contracts 

being postponed or cancelled due to the 

cautious outlook of our clients towards the 

stability of the nation. We also had to deal 

with the morale of the team, as many 

were concerned about the state of their 

nation 

and 

some 

were 

genuinely 

concerned about safety as their work took 

them mainly out-of-home and into the 

stores. 

 

Although 

the 

COVID-19 

pandemic 

presented many challenges, it also 

brought about new opportunities. The 

pandemic 

accelerated 

digitalisation 

trends including the migration to cloud 

computing, meetings and trainings being 

conducted virtually, as well as services 

being fulfilled through online platforms. 

Many of us have acknowledge the fact 

that COVID-19 will be here to stay for the 

foreseeable future. While the pandemic 

had been unimaginable for many, it has 

also demonstrated the importance of 

building resilience, challenging us to 

rethink the way we work, live, and play.

 

 

 


 

5 

 

 

Following from last year’s report, the 

COVID-19 pandemic has continued to 

hamper global economy growth. We had 

taken several steps to safeguard our 

business operations and ensure that our 

business is not materially affected by the 

situation. Above all, shopper360 is 

committed to protecting the health and 

well-being 

of 

all 

our 

stakeholders, 

particularly our employees and has taken 

swift actions to manage the impacts of the 

pandemic as outlined in Our Response to 

COVID-19 and other sections of this 

report. For our Group, sustainability is 

about the ability to position ourselves and 

emerge stronger after this crisis. Through 

understanding 

the 

needs 

and 

expectations of our stakeholders, we are 

better prepared in strengthening our 

sustainability position in a post-COVID-19 

economy. 

 

We continue to maintain oversight over 

our sustainability directions, strategies 

and initiatives despite the impact of the 

COVID-19 pandemic during the financial 

year. Our EESG management and 

performance at shopper360 is overseen 

by the Board, which works closely with 

Senior Management to define the impact 

of EESG issues on our business and our 

stakeholders including our employees, 

investors and the local communities in 

which we operate.  

 

We identify material topics for reporting 

based on the significance of our EESG 

factors and the degree of influence where 

we see the most potential for creating 

maximum value for our shareholders and 

stakeholders. The materiality assessment 

was 

guided 

by 

inputs 

from 

our 

management and key representatives 

from business units as well as some 

external stakeholders. 

 

Material topics are reviewed annually for 

their continued relevance according to 

current global and local trends. In our 

annual review to prioritise the material 

EESG matters that are most relevant to 

our operations, we have concluded that 

the same matters disclosed in FY2020 

remain relevant to the Group in FY2021. 

 

The Group will continue to make 

improvements to its sustainability efforts 

and work with its stakeholders towards 

promoting sustainability in its businesses. 

 

 




 

6 

 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

shopper360 is a well-established shopper 

marketing services provider in the retail and 

consumer goods industries in Malaysia with 

more than 30 years of experience in the in-

store advertising industry.  

 

The Group offers a comprehensive range of field, digital and shopper marketing and 

advertising services such as in-store advertising, field force management, creative and 

digital solutions, sampling and promoter management and events activation. It also provides 

sales distribution services for products and brands. The Group consists of nine agencies in 

Malaysia, Singapore and Myanmar, namely Pos Ad, Jump Retail, Retail Galaxy, shopperplus 

Malaysia, Tristar Synergy, Gazelle Activation, Marvel Distribution, shopperplus Singapore 

and shopperplus Myanmar.  

 

shopper360’s major supplier partners are retailers of mass consumer products, in the form 

of hypermarkets, supermarkets, pharmacies and/or convenience chain and petrol marts, 

stores in Malaysia, Myanmar and Singapore. The Group has a strong network of retail 

partners that provide access to in-store advertising across all the main towns in Malaysia, 

Myanmar and Singapore. 

 

The shopper marketing services provided by the Group can be categorized into three main 

segments, namely (i) In-store Advertising and Digital Marketing; (ii) Field Force 

Management; (iii) Sampling Activities and Events Management; and (iv) Others. 

 

 

CORPORATE 

PROFILE 


 

7 

 

 

 

GROUP STRUCTURE 

 

 

 



















































 

 

 

 

 

Acquired on 27 Aug 2021 



100% 



60% 



21.5% 



11% 



(Active Companies Only) 





NON- 

AFFILIATED 

COMPANIES 



4.81% 



3.81% 


 

8 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Group’s Vision 

 

To be the leading tech-driven shopper marketing experts in Asia 

 

 

 

Group’s Mission 

 

• We aspire to be the leader in the field of shopper marketing, sales and 

distribution by providing 360 solutions such as integrated digital and 

offline shopper solutions such as creative specialist, retail consultancy, 

data analytics, in-store advertising, retail marketing, field force 

management, promoters activation, on-ground activation and retail 

technology products and services. Having established shopper360 as a 

one-stop agency for shopper solutions, brands are able to speed up its 

sales penetration and distribution by leveraging our network and 

marketing expertise. 

 

• We aspire to attract the best talent that fits our culture of forward 

thinking, forward doing, collaboration whilst cultivating an environment 

that promotes integrity, and develops expertise. 

 

• To collaborate and be strategic with our business partners, retailers 

and customers (brand owners) in providing solutions to grow their 

businesses via sales and marketing efforts on the shopper marketing 

front. 

 

• To create memorable shopper experiences in the digital and physical 

retail world. 

 

• In summary, shopper360 aims to promote and advance our brand 

promise of helping companies (whether retailer or brand) to ‘sell 

smarter’. 

 


9 

 

 

 

 

OUR RESPONSE TO COVID-19 

 

 

PROVIDING ESSENTIAL SERVICES DURING MOVEMENT CONTROL 

ORDER (“MCO”) 

 

Jump Retail Sdn Bhd and Retail Galaxy Sdn Bhd are among the largest retail field 

force management companies in Malaysia. We support brands in maintaining 

world class visibility in-store, effectively executing promotional plans at retail, while 

enabling customers to make decisions through real-time on-ground reports. 

Constant training is held for our field force to ensure the quality of our service 

remains at its best.  

 

In the months of April and May 2020, Singapore went into a “Circuit Breaker” 

lockdown period to curb the number of COVID-19 transmissions within the country, 

while in Malaysia, the Government of Malaysia has instituted various Movement 

Control Orders (“MCO”) which lasted from March 2020 till June 2021. Both of these 

control orders had, to a certain extent, impacted the operations of the Group.  

 

While we are challenged by the COVID-19 pandemic where some segments of the 

Group took a greater hit during the pandemic, our Field Force segment in Malaysia 

were allowed to operate since it was considered essential services by the 

Malaysian Ministry of Trade &amp; Industry (MITI). This has helped in cushioning the 

impact and enabled us to fulfill our responsibilities to our clients.  Throughout the 

MCO period, our merchandisers were actively working in retail outlets nationwide 

to ensure essential products were sufficiently stocked and replenished. 

 

PROVIDING A SAFE ENVIRONMENT FOR EMPLOYEES TO CARRY OUT 

THEIR DUTIES 

 

The well-being of our employees is paramount to us. Since the emergence of 

COVID-19, keeping our employees safe, healthy and fully engaged has been a 

heightened priority for the Group. We established measures to ensure that all 

employees across our Group functions and business units are able to carry out 

their tasks safely. As a result of these initiatives, we were able to ensure the 

continuity of our operations in a safe manner. As viral cases surged, the need for 

seamless telecommuting methods rose. We have prepared the necessary 

infrastructure and platform for our employees to work from home, ensuring they 

could access systems remotely and minimising disruptions to operations.  

 

Other measures implemented include on-going communications between 

management and staff, provision of safety masks to staff, and tightening of safety 

and health protocol across our workplace. Travelling to workplace is only out of 

necessity, and temperature checks are conducted for staff prior to admitting them 

into the workspace and each department is equipped with hand sanitisers. 

Sanitisation at work areas is also conducted to maintain a clean and safe 

environment for employees and visitors.  

 

We engage employees and provide them with pandemic-related news as we 

implemented various precautionary measures and issued advisories to update 

employees on the latest developments.  

 




10 

 

 

APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

 

ENGAGING OUR STAKEHOLDERS 

 

The Group adopts an inclusive approach by considering and 

balancing the needs and interests of material stakeholders as 

part of its overall responsibility to secure the long term future of 

the Company. We believe that responding to rapidly changing 

stakeholder interests is crucial in sustaining its business growth 

and as such it is of utmost importance that we engage with our 

stakeholders to gain valuable insights and understand the 

issues that they are most concerned with.  

 

 

We define our stakeholders as those impacted by our business 

activities, who have direct and indirect involvement and whose 

interest may have positive or negative consequences due to our 

business activities. The interests and requirements of key 

stakeholders are also taken into account when formulating 

corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, but are 

not limited to suppliers, employees, investor and shareholders, 

customers, and government and regulators. We adopt both 

formal and informal channels of communication to understand 

the needs of key stakeholders, and incorporate these into our 

corporate 

strategies 

to 

achieve 

mutually 

beneficial 

relationships. Through the above steps, we were able to gain an 

understanding of the sustainability issues that matter most to 

our key stakeholders. We then earmarked the material factors 

and assessed their materiality in the context of our business 

operations, with reference to the respective GRI standards. 

 

The Group is committed in engaging all of our stakeholders as part of our continued 

sustainability endeavors. We view stakeholder engagement as a continual process and not 

a one-off event. The identification and management of material issues are carried out 

annually to ensure their relevance to our stakeholders. 

 

Stakeholder engagement and responding to their feedback and needs are part and parcel of 

shopper360’s way of doing business and ensuring long-term success. Their feedback and 

suggestions will help the Group to adjust its business strategy and operate in a transparent 

and accountable manner. The following table represents the stakeholder engagement 

methods which the Group adopts in our sustainability practices to meet the economic, 

environmental, social and governance requirements.



Planning 

and 

Scoping 



Engage 

Stakeholder

s 



Materiality 

Assessment 



Collect Data 



 

 

Reporting 




11 

 

 













 

 

 

Notes to the above: Impact on Stakeholders engagement during COVID-19 

1. 

Emphasis was placed on virtual (online) meeting and via phone. 

2. 

Trainings were conducted online in order to meet safety distancing measures. 

3. 

These general meetings were convened virtually in FY2021. 

4. 

Emphasis was placed on virtual (online) meeting and via phone. 

5. 

There are no exhibitions during FY2021. 

Stakeholders 

Engagement Platform 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Key Concerns 

Suppliers 

• 

Face-to-face or 

virtual (online) 

meetings and by 

phone1 

• 

When needed 

• 

Product and 

service quality 

 

• 

Vendor Assessment • 

Annually 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Employees 

• 

Staff Appraisal 

• 

Annually 

 

• 

Employment 

benefits 

 

• 

Training and 

development2 

• 

Occasionally 

• 

Employee 

capabilities and 

career 

development 

 

 

 

• 

Sense of 

belongings and 

recognition 

 

 

 

 

Investors and 

Shareholders 

 

• 

Annual General 

Meeting/ 

Extraordinary 

General Meeting3 

• 

Annually or when 

needed 

• 

Company Growth 

 

• 

Annual Report 

• 

Annually 

• 

Transparency 

 

• 

Announcement 

• 

Half yearly (results 

announcements) or 

when needed (other 

announcements) 

• 

Profitability 

 

 

 

 

Customers 

• 

Face-to-face or 

virtual (online) 

meetings, and by 

phone4 

• 

When needed 

• 

Quality of Service 

 

• 

Regular customers’ 

feedbacks 

• 

Daily 

• 

Contracts 

Fulfilment 

 

• 

Social Media 

• 

Daily 

 

 

• 

Exhibition5 

• 

Occasionally 

 

 

 

 

 

Government and 

Regulators 

• 

Annual Report 

• 

Annually 

• 

Compliance with 

regulatory and 

industry 

standards and 

guidelines 

 

• 

Announcement 

• 

Half yearly (results 

announcements) or 

when needed (other 

announcements) 

 


12 

 

 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT  

 

Material topics are reviewed annually for their continued relevance according to current 

global and local trends. In our annual review to prioritise the material EESG matters that are 

most relevant to our operations, we have concluded that the same matters disclosed in 

FY2020 remain relevant to the Group in FY2021. 

 

 

 




13 

 

 

OUR MATERIAL TOPICS AND TARGETS 

Applying the guidance from GRI, we have identified the following material topics from our previous 

disclosure. We have also set targets, while at the same time aiming to track our progress against them.  

 

Material Topic 

3 Year Target 

FY2021 Progress 

Economic 

Performance 

Growth within business 

segments and external growth  

We continue to seek internal and external growth. 

The Group has embarked on various growth 

initiatives, riding on technology and innovation 

capabilities coupled with a longer term business 

growth objectives.   

• 

Marvel Distribution Sdn Bhd, a new marketing &amp; 

distribution arm of shopper360 is launched 

under our Group to help customers and brands 

penetrate to new traditional trade outlets. 

We invested in 3 companies, out of which 2 are 

involved with online grocery which allows us to 

connect our clients who intent on growing their 

businesses online, and a digital manpower solutions 

company: 

 

• 

PB Grocery Group Sdn Bhd (April 2021) 

• 

Tenderin Sdn Bhd (May 2021) 

• 

Troopers Innovation Sdn Bhd (August 2021) 

 

Material Topic 

Perpetual Targets 

FY2021 Progress 

Anti-Corruption 

 

Zero incidents of corruption. 

Zero reported incidents of corruption in FY2021. 

Environmental Compliance 

No incidence of non-

compliance with laws and 

regulations 

No incidence of non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in FY2021. 

Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity 

 

Continue to maintain diversity 

in our workforce 

In FY2021, female representation is approximately 

32% of the workforce. The Board of Directors 

consists of 5 directors, of which 3 are women.   

Non-Discrimination 

 

Zero incidents of 

discrimination 

Zero reported incidents of discrimination in FY2021. 

Training and Education 

 

Average 8-9 hours for 

permanent staff 

Target achieved. The Group has moved towards 

virtual learning environment since the onset of 

COVID-19 and has achieved an average of 14 hours 

per staff (permanent staff) for FY2021. The Group 

believes that virtual learning should be seen as a 

complement and extension of physical forms of 

learning and aim to achieve the targeted training 

hours in the forthcoming year.  

Socioeconomic Compliance 

Zero incidents of non-

compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and 

economic area 

Zero incidents of non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and economic area for 

FY2021. 

Customer Privacy 

 

Zero substantiated complaints 

concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses 

of customer data 

Zero substantiated complaints concerning breaches 

of customer privacy and losses of customer data in 

FY2021. 
















14 

 

 

ECONOMIC 

 

 

We are committed to achieving economic sustainability growth for our shareholders. We 

conduct our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and in accordance 

with high ethical business practices and good corporate governance. 

 

As part of shopper360’s journey to incorporate sustainable business practices in the long 

term, the Group is committed to a holistic approach to business management. shopper360 

believes that focusing on financial sustainability is critical. The Group’s basic principle is that 

long-term profitability and shareholder value is ensured by taking into account the interests 

of stakeholders, such as shareholders, employees, suppliers and society as a whole. 

 

(A) KEY DATA OF OPERATING RESULTS 

FY2018 

FY2019 

FY2020 

FY2021 

 

(RM’000) (RM’000) (RM’000) (RM’000) 

Revenue 

142,377 

161,085 

162,678 

153,133 

Profit before tax 

9,341 

7,773 

7,043 

10,069 

Profit for the year 

5,713 

5,404 

3,633 

6,563 

Profit attributable to equity holders Company 

6,010 

5,185 

2,964 

5,816 

 

 

 

 

 

(B) FINANCIAL INDICATORS 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Return on equity 

13% 

10% 

6% 

10% 

Earnings per share(1)  (RM cents) 

5.25 

4.53 

2.62 

5.29 

 

NOTE: (1) Earnings per share is computed based on profit attributable to equity holders of the Company divided by the weighted 

average number of ordinary shares during the year (taking into account the effect of treasury shares). 

 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

19,026 

21,242 

22,054 

27,592 

 

 

The FY2021 revenue was lower than previous year mainly due to the cautious stance of clients 

and the disruptive impact of the movement control order in Malaysia led to lower revenue 

across all segments.  

 

Despite the lower revenue base, the Group was able to record an increase in profit.  This 

improvement would not have been possible if not for the unity and commitment of the team for 

pushing through the tough times and making some hard decisions to right size the business. 

The Group has been able to implement tighter costs control measures, considering the difficult 

environment caused by the COVID-19 pandemic during FY2021, as the Group optimised 

overhead expenses either through reducing or delaying expenses including business 

development, staff hiring and other overhead expenses. 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

 


15 

 

 

 

 

Internally, we maintain a strong cashflow position that has been strategically built up over the 

years, and this will ensure that we are able to cope with the unpredictability that may persist 

and at the same time, continue to pursue growth. For FY2021, our cash position stands at 

RM27.6 million, due to our strong cash focus, to billing and collection processes. 

 

It is our belief that to deliver value for all our stakeholders, particularly our shareholders, we 

have to focus on maintaining a strong financial position by carrying out our operations in a 

responsible manner and building resilience throughout our business operations for long-term 

sustainable growth. 

 

DETAILED FINANCIAL RESULTS 

 

For the detailed financial results of our Group, please refer to the following sections in our 

Annual Report 2021: 

 

• 

Group Financial Highlights, pages 11 to 15 

• 

Financial Statements, pages 81 to 139 

 

 






16 

 

 

OPPORTUNITIES FOR INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL GROWTH VIA 

INNOVATION AND DIGITAL ENABLEMENT 

 

The COVID-19 pandemic is transforming how we think about our economies and 

our societies, and has highlighted the importance of organisational resilience. 

Policies and choices made today will determine their success in building a 

transition to a more resilient tomorrow. The Group has embarked on various 

growth initiatives, riding on technology and innovation capabilities coupled with 

long-term business growth objectives. As we recover from this pandemic, we 

believe our growth plans laid out will benefit the Group in the long-run. 

 

Instore Advertising &amp; Digital 

Marketing 

 

Pos Ad Sdn Bhd is the leading media 

provider in Malaysia, with over 30 years of 

expertise in creating point of sale material 

to 

help 

brands 

connect 

better 

with 

shoppers. Pos Ad Sdn Bhd constantly 

strives to create innovative ways for 

shoppers to engage with brands, reaching 

70% of Malaysian shoppers across over 

3000+ retail outlets. 

 

Pos Ad Sdn Bhd has evolved in more 

recent years to provide a variety of tech 

mediums and other non-media services for 

retailers such as in-store music services via 

Pos Ad Sdn Bhd’s Digital Music Box, 

creative services, corporate and TVC 

videography, conceptual execution for 

rebranding, festive decoration and many 

more. 

Succeeding Malaysia in-store advertising, 

the Group extended the business model to 

Singapore 

and 

Myanmar, 

known 

as 

shopperplus Singapore and shopperplus 

Myanmar. This is done via partnership with 

the largest modern trade retailers, namely 

NTUC FairPrice in Singapore and City Mart 

in Myanmar. 

 

In-line with our strategy to scale without 

adding manpower to our labour services for 

the Myanmar market, we have launched 

formats that are easy to plug &amp; play content. 

This has led to the launching of digital 

screens in Myanmar. These digital screens 

are capable of tracking data in-store such 

as reach, gender, age, dwell time, as well 

as ability to serve responsive ads relevant 

to target audience. 

 

 

 

 

 








17 

 

 

 

Connecting Our Clients To Their Audience 

 

Our suite of innovative tech tools drive 

engagement, increase customer satisfaction and 

promote loyalty by enhancing the shopping 

experience. We have been able to assist one of 

our client, a world renown brand specialising in 

skin care to connect with its target audience via 

mobile game.  

 

We created a fun, interactive mobile game that 

would appeal to its target audience, building a 

personality for the brand that feels more 

approachable and accessible. 

 

 

The game not only successfully 

engaged shoppers, but also educated 

them on the benefits of using their 

products, 

while 

driving 

trial 

kit 

redemption and online sales.  

 

With 

minimal 

media 

buy 

in 

e-

commerce 

platforms, 

the 

game 

reached over 182,000 players who 

played it over 300,000 times, giving the 

brand a 50% uplift in sales – all during 

the MCO period in Malaysia. 

 

 










18 

 

 

 

Sampling &amp; Event Management 

 

Augmented reality (AR) is an enhanced version of 

the real physical world that is achieved through the 

use of digital visual elements, sound, or other 

sensory stimuli delivered via technology.  

 

By incorporating augmented reality technology, the 

Group has been able to offer new and interactive 

consumer experience, thus effectively increase sales 

and raise brand awareness. For example, our 

activation team-Gazelle Activation, executed a 

campaign for Danone Dumex, using augmented 

reality to engage shoppers just by scanning a QR 

code on the detailing kit, bringing the product to life 

at the convenience of the consumer. 

 

With restrictions posed by COVID-19 on our physical 

presence in stores, we have been able to reach and 

engage shoppers digitally during the MCO period in 

Malaysia. 

 

 


















19 

 

 

 

Distribution 

 

Marvel Distribution Sdn Bhd, a new marketing &amp; distribution 

arm of shopper360 is launched under our Group to help 

customers and brands penetrate to new traditional trade 

outlets.  

 

Equipped with trucks and a B2B sales ordering platform for 

retailer, Marvel Distribution delivers selected products 

directly to general trade outlets while-on-the-move with our 

very own van sales team.  

 

Marvel’s ambition is to reach more than 10,000 general 

trade and retailers across Peninsular Malaysia. Some of our 

distributed brands include Berjaya Foods, Red One and 

Network Foods. 

 

 

 












20 

 

 

Investing in Complimentary Businesses 

 

We invested in 3 companies, out of which 2 are involved with grocery online which allows us 

to connect our clients who are intent on growing their businesses online, and a digital 

manpower solutions company. 

 

The first company, PB Grocery Group Sdn Bhd 

(“PB Grocery Group”), has an online grocery 

platform (“Potboy”) that links Fast Moving 

Consumer Goods (“FMCG”) companies with 

eateries and provision shops in Klang Valley 

(Kuala Lumpur and Selangor) and Seremban, 

Malaysia. PB Grocery Group has their own 

delivery fleet and has been reinventing themselves every year, from 

educating customers to buying online, to winning e-distributorship rights with the likes of Nestle 

Food Service. This year, Potboy launched their O2O (online to offline) concept store. They 

have launched 20 stores which will bring about better brand presence and allow for the stores 

to double up as delivery depots. Shoppers that enter Potboy Mart will also get to shop online 

and purchase products delivered to their home, especially for bulky items.  

 

The second company we invested in, Lapasar Sdn Bhd is the 

operator of a business-to-business (“B2B”) wholesale platform 

called Lapasar.com. With the stricter movement control 

throughout the year, it became more inconvenient for 

minimarkets and small provision shops to shop at traditional wholesale outlets. Lapasar filled 

in the gap by going to them and educating them to replenish through an app with a click of a 

button. Since the launch of their app, 50% of their customers are now ordering through the 

app.  

 

Nielsen reported a trend in Singapore and India, similar to what we 

are seeing in Malaysia, where traditional trade is benefiting from the 

lack of inter-district movement, where shoppers are frequenting their 

neighborhood stores to replenish their essential needs. We believe 

Lapasar can only grow stronger by serving the traditional trade 

segment in helping them stock up their supplies without having to 

leave their stores unmanned. Lapasar will also offer these retailers 

trade financing in order to ease their cashflows and grow their 

businesses.  

 

The third investee company, Troopers Innovation Sdn Bhd 

(acquired on 27 August 2021), is a digital manpower solutions 

company that specialises in part-time recruitment, human 

resource management and technology enabled job matching for the gig-economy. Troopers 

aims to provide a safe and secure working environment for individuals while providing clients 

with access to a well-trained and talented flexible workforce. 

 

 












21 

 

 

 

Background of PB Grocery Group 

PB Grocery Group is the owner of online grocer platform, Potboy. This online grocery platform links 

Fast Moving Consumer Goods companies with consumers, eateries and provision shops on Klang 

Valley and Seremban. Potboy is revolutionising a century-old supply chain model in FMCG by 

quickening the process of ordering and delivery. They are not only an online grocery platform but a 

pioneer of O2O. In April 2021, Potboy launched its first Offline-to-Online concept shop Potboy Mart 

and up to September 2021, they already have more than 30 operating shops across Klang Valley. 

 

Background of Lapasar Sdn Bhd 

Lapasar Sdn Bhd (formerly known as Tenderin Sdn Bhd) is a technology company based in Kuala 

Lumpur and the operator of Lapasar.com, a business-to-business platform that allows companies and 

minimarkets to purchase supplies for their business via an online marketplace. Lapasar connects 

corporations and minimarket stores to suppliers of products and services across Malaysia with the aim 

of making purchasing more efficient. They are currently servicing over 3,000 retailers and these 

numbers continue to grow. Traditional trade retailers are welcoming ecommerce platforms like Lapasar 

for convenience and efficiency in stock replenishment, rather than visiting wholesalers to purchase 

their goods especially during this global pandemic. 

 

Background of Troopers Innovation Sdn Bhd 

Troopers Innovation Sdn Bhd is a digitally enabled job matching platform and manpower solutions 

business that specialises in part-time recruitment, human resource management and event consulting. 

Troopers aims to provide a safe and secure working environment for individuals while providing clients 

with access to a well-trained and talented flexible workforce. Troopers is revolutionising the existing 

part-time recruitment culture and structure in Malaysia in order to create an eco-system that is reliable, 

efficient and effective for their stakeholders to maximise their time, money and resources. Troopers 

conducts all their recruitment, selection and training in-house and has matched more than 100,000 job 

sessions over the past 3 years. 

 

Troopers recently launched their recruitment app and managed to efficiently place 20,400 job sessions 

in a short turnaround time. Gig workers apply and are filtered through the app and once they have been 

given the position, they are able to use the same app to check-in for work, make relevant field reports 

and get notified when payment is made to them.  

 


22 

 

 

 

GIVING BACK TO THE COMMUNITY 

 

When the COVID-19 pandemic hit, the entire world was unprepared. Right here in Malaysia, 

we saw its devastating effects on everyone from individuals and families to businesses and 

even the economy. But the B401 community was hit especially hard, and we knew we could 

not sit by silently as they struggled to make ends meet. 

 

Together with brands Saji and Good Virtues Co. as well as NGOs, namely The Lost Food 

Project and Dignity for Children Foundation, the Group collectively launched Kotak Kasih, an 

initiative aimed at providing families affected by the pandemic with boxes of daily essentials. 

Each Kotak Kasih box was filled with food and personal care items such as cooking oil, sugar, 

flour, fruit drinks/beverages, instant noodles, UHT milk, milk products/beverages, and shower 

gel. 

 

By the end of the campaign in September 2020, we had successfully donated 10,000 boxes 

filled with personal care and food items. shopper360 provided the manpower and logistics 

resources to help distribute the Kotak Kasih boxes to those in need. 

 

In addition to the boxes donated during the campaign period, our staff from Pos Ad and Tristar 

Synergy also worked with Dignity for Children Foundation to help deliver other essential items 

on 2 occasions to B401 students and their families. On 15 December 2020, the team made a 

delivery to 61 families, and on 21 December 2020, with additional special Christmas dinner of 

roast chicken, mac and cheese and brownies, to a further 44 families. 

 

 

 

1 B40 - Bottom 40% of Malaysian household income 




23 

 

 

 

We remain steadfast in upholding our business ethics to the highest levels. The Group is 

committed to the values of transparency, integrity, impartiality and accountability in the 

conduct of its business and affairs. 

shopper360 has zero-tolerance for corruption. We take a strong stand against corrupt 

practices and strategies, and this value has been communicated to all of our employees, 

major suppliers and business partners. There were no fines or non-monetary sanctions for 

non-compliance with laws and regulations in FY2021. 

The Group has established a whistle-blowing policy with the aim of providing a structured 

mechanism for employees and other stakeholders to report any concerns on any suspected 

or wrongful activities or wrongdoings. These refer to any potential violations or concerns 

relating to any laws, rules, regulations, acts, ethics, integrity and business conduct, 

including any violation or concerns relating to malpractice, illegal, immoral, embezzlement 

and fraudulent activities, which will affect the business and image of the Group. Please refer 

to page 59 of our Annual Report 2021 for further details on the Group’s whistle-blowing 

policy. 

 

In FY2021, there were no reported incidents of corruption. 

 

 

The Group will continue to target zero incidents of corruption in the Group in the current 

financial year ending 31 May 2022 (“FY2022”) and beyond. In fact, we will always ensure 

that there will be no incidents of corruption in the Group. 

 



FY2021 



Incidents of Corruption (GRI 205-3) 



NIL 



NIL 



FY2020 



Anti-Corruption 



 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

 


24 

 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

Our Group is dedicated to protect the environment through the integration of environmental 

conservation methods whenever possible, into our business operations. The Group remains 

steadfast in our commitment to sustainable development and seeks to operate in a way that 

minimises environmental harm. shopper360’s direct environmental impact is limited, but we 

always strive to avoid unnecessary footprint and to further reduce the impact on the 

environment. 

 

In FY2021, there was no incidence of non-compliance with laws and regulations and we 

endeavor to maintain this track record. 

 

 

Our Group will continue to target to maintain this track record of zero incidents of non-

compliance with environmental laws and regulations in FY2022 and beyond. 

 

REDUCE, REUSE AND RECYCLE 

 

Environmental issues such as climate change continues to be on the forefront of global 

sustainability agenda. The Group realises the importance of improving our sustainability 

performance in enhancing our competitiveness. We aim to make contributions to the 

environment, our business and the local communities by integrating sustainability approach 

in our operation. In the Group’s day-to-day operations, we encourage our employees to 

practice the 3Rs – Reduce, Reuse and Recycle in the management of our resources. The 

3Rs play a crucial role, not only in contributing to a more sustainable environment but also 

lowering our cost.  

 

Corporate Office 

 

• Display anti-littering, water and energy conservation, and other environmental 

messages at prominent locations in the office. 

• Toilets have motion sensors installed to minimize electricity usage and turn off lights 

when not utilized. 

• Recycling bins are available and waste items are separate and recycled. 

 



FY2021 



Incidents of non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations (GRI 307-1) 



NIL 



NIL 



FY2020 



Environmental Compliance 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

 


25 

 

 

 

• Utilisation of digital meeting formats where possible to minimize the need to travel. 

• Implement online approvals utilising Microsoft Teams thus removing the need to have 

hardcopy approvals since June 2021, which is an improved process from email 

approvals that was implemented in 2020 during the pandemic lockdowns. 

• Our human resource management system have further been enhanced to extend 

online expense claims initially introduced in March 2020 to all staff including project 

contract staff since June 2021.  In addition, performance management module have 

been introduced in August 2021 resulting in non-paper online processes for the new 

financial year.  

 

Apart from the above, our employees are also encouraged to conserve energy through the 

switching-off of power for equipment that are not in use, and the switching-off of lights during 

lunch hours and when not in use. We continue to communicate and encourage our 

employees to minimize the use of paper and upgrade processes to digital methods whenever 

possible and this will be a continuous focus moving forward.   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


26 

 

 

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

 

SOCIAL 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We aim to create a vibrant team as we strive to offer equal opportunities for recruitment, 

career progression and training within the Group. We recognise our employees are the 

drivers of our business and we believe in creating a respectful, rewarding and safe 

working environment for our people. Our work environment is aimed at providing a fair 

performance-based work culture that is diverse, inclusive and collaborative. We also 

encourage our employees to reach their fullest potential and provide them with a fulfilling 

and meaningful career. 

 

Every employee plays an essential role in the Group. Continuous open dialogue is the 

main platform used to engage our employees. Open dialogues are conducted informally 

to encourage employees to raise any issues to management. We believe that this 

provides a more interactive and direct channel for any form of feedback. 

 

As at 31 May 2021, shopper360 employed 2,180 staff, comprising 370 permanent staff 

and 1,810 contract staff. A total of 98% of our staff are based in Malaysia. Female 

employees accounted for approximately 32% of our total workforce. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





Male 

1,491 



Female 

689 


27 

 

 

The Group’s workforce age distribution and job description by gender are represented in the 

following charts below: 

 

 

 

 

 

Building and retaining talent are both critical in growing the Group as the continuous growth 

of the Group needs talented employees. Having a diverse workforce with equal opportunity 

regardless of age, race and gender is one of the ways to build and retain talent. Our employees 

are not covered by collective bargaining agreements but are given the rights to exercise 

freedom of association. 

 

Our diversity is not just limited to our employees but also represented in our Board of 

Directors. Our Directors come from different backgrounds which helps to expand the range 

of perspectives at the top and enables the Board to better advise the Group strategically. 

 

The Board of Directors comprises 5 members, of which three are women. The profile of each 

of our Directors can be found on pages 6 to 7 of our Annual Report 2021. 

252

350

81

6

771

702

17

1

0

100

200

300

400

500

600

700

800

900

Age &lt; 30 years old

Age 30 to  50 years old

Age &gt; 50 years old

Age &gt; 60 years old

Total Workforce Age Distribution by Gender

Female

Male

8

36

51

45

8

35

51

136

0

20

40

60

80

100

120

140

160

Senior

Management

Middle

Management

Executives

Non-Executives

Permanent Employee Gender Distribution 

by Job Designation

Female

Male


28 

 

 

 

NON-DISCRIMINATION 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The Group encourages freedom of expression and open communication. Work culture plays 

an important role in drawing the best out of employees and for them to develop a sense of 

belonging.  

 

The Group has pledged to instill an inclusive and non-discriminatory culture that focuses on 

treating all employees fairly. We adopt a strong stance against discrimination on any biases 

and are committed to providing equal opportunities. 

 

 

 

Our Group will strive to maintain zero incidents of discrimination in FY2022 and beyond. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



FY2021 



Incidents of discrimination and corrective 

actions taken (GRI 406-1) 

 



NIL 



NIL 



FY2020 



Non-Discrimination 


29 

 

 

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

shopper360 believes in nurturing its employees to raise the employees’ learning and 

development capacity, yielding a capable and more agile workforce. 

 

We encourage and aim to provide all employees with equal opportunities for training and 

upgrading. We acknowledge that learning and training is an important, continuous and life-

long process so that employees are equipped with the competencies needed to meet 

current and future business needs. This includes workshops, seminars, conferences, in-

house  company  training  and  on-the-job  training. We believe that the personal growth of 

the employees would elevate our organisational performance and help in achieving long-

term business growth and sustainability for the Group. 

 

shopper360 has been recognised as one of the best companies to work for by HR Asia in 

the past. As a Group, we are continuously striving to create a collaborative and fulfilling 

working environment for all of our employees. This can only be achieved with carefully 

designed innovative employee engagement and development programmes. 

 

Staff training and the continuing development of the employees are essential for the success 

of our Group. In a rapid changing business environment, we will need to ensure that the 

training needs are optimised, and meet the purpose of upgrading the skillset of our 

workforce. We believe as the market evolves, so must the skill set of learning professionals. 

As such, we have continued to be adaptive to the employees’ training requirements.  

 

 




30 

 

 

 

The COVID-19 pandemic has triggered new ways of learning and the Group acknowledges 

the importance of continued capability building. The Group believes a competent workforce 

could contribute to seizing opportunities as the economy charts its way forward towards 

recovery from the impact of COVID-19. 

 

During the onset of the pandemic, the ability to organise internal and external trainings has 

been uncertain and disrupted. Hence, for FY2021, we moved towards virtual learning 

environment including webinar workshops (both internally and externally conducted) and 

self-learning platforms utilising technology to enable learning whenever possible even 

during a work-from-home order. Leveraging technology and digital tools has been key to 

achieving successful employee engagement during the extended periods of remote 

working.  

 

We continued to upskill our employees during this period as they acquired new knowledge 

through virtual learning programmes completed on e-learning platform and through 

videoconferencing. These virtual trainings have increased our staff’s digital savviness and 

prepared them to be adaptable on multiple fronts, thus enabling shopper360 to be more 

resilient in the future. Some of these courses include: 

 

• Sales - 5 Steps Selling Process, 20 Proven Unconventional Sales Strategies; 

• Human Resource Management System - Expenses Claim, Onboarding module; 

• Strategy – Certification of Business Strategies;  

• Creative Thinking – Talking to Goldfish; 

• Productivity and Time Management for the Overwhelmed; 

• Microsoft 365, Teams, Excel and Powerpoint; 

• Reallyenglish Online; and 

• Human Resource – Harrison Assessment. 

 

AVERAGE TRAINING HOURS 

FY2018 

FY2019 FY2020 FY2021 

Average Training Hours Per Staff 

(Permanent) 

9.00 

8.85 

9.89 

13.61 

 

We have met our target by achieving an average training hour of 14 hours per staff 

(permanent staff) for FY2021, an increase from FY2020, mainly due to the additional 

training as a result of the implementation of Microsoft 365 environment in March 2021 and 

also more trainings during the work-from-home period. However, the Group also 

understands the importance of physical interaction and the effects of prolonged on-screen 

time and aims to strike a balance between virtual and physical learning. The Group 

believes virtual learning should be seen as a complement and extension of physical forms 

of learning. Moving forward, as the economy charts its way towards recovery, we would 

like to continue to target an achievement of an average of 8-9 hours for permanent staff in 

the long term. 

 


31 

 

 

 

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We are mindful of the well-being of every community in which we operate in. The Group 

always emphasises the importance of being aware of the social and cultural sensitivities 

of the local communities to all its employees. 

 

The Group is proud to inform that it is in compliance, in all material aspects, with all social, 

economic, and environmental rules and regulations and is not engaged in any anti-

competitive practices. 

 

 

We did not identify any non-compliance with socioeconomic laws and regulations during 

the reporting period. Our Group will strive to maintain zero incidents of non-compliance 

with laws and regulations in the social and economic area in FY2022 and beyond. 

 

 



FY2021 



Incidents of non-compliance with laws and 

regulations in the social and economic area (GRI 

419-1) 



NIL 



NIL 



FY2020 



Socioeconomic Compliance 




32 

 

 

 

CUSTOMER PRIVACY 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

In the digital age, businesses are susceptible to data theft and cyberattacks. Therefore, 

safeguarding our stakeholders’ data is of paramount importance to our Group and we are 

committed to maintain utmost privacy and security of their personal data. This includes 

recognising our responsibility to properly handle clients’ personal information. Our 

employees are also aware on keeping business-related information confidential. 

 

The Group has not been the subject of any complaints concerning breaches of customer 

privacy or loss of customer data, nor any complaints relating to data protection. 

 

In FY2021, we are pleased to inform that there were no cases of substantiated complaints 

received about breaches of customer privacy, and no complaints received from outside 

parties and regulatory bodies. 

 

 

Our Group intends to maintain the record of zero incidents on breaches of customer data 

in FY2022 and beyond. 

 

 



FY2021 



Substantiated complaints concerning breaches 

of customer privacy and losses of customer data 

(GRI 418-1) 



NIL 



NIL 



FY2020 



Customer Privacy 


33 

 

 

 

GOVERNANCE 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 

The Board acknowledges the importance for the Group to adopt and continuously practise 

good corporate governance throughout the Group’s operations to ensure accountability 

and transparency, as a fundamental part of discharging its responsibilities to protect and 

enhance shareholders’ value and financial performance of the Group. 

 

Please refer to Corporate Governance Report set out on pages 44 to 65 of our Annual 

Report 2021 for further details on the Group’s corporate governance practices. 

 

 

RISK MANAGEMENT 

 

The Board acknowledges that it is responsible for reviewing the adequacy and 

effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems including 

financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls. The Board is 

committed to ensuring that the Group has an effective and practical enterprise risk 

management framework in place to safeguard shareholders’ interests, and the 

sustainability of the Group as well as provide a basis to make informed decisions having 

regard to the risk exposure and risk appetite of the Group. 

 

For detailed disclosure on our risk management activity, please refer to pages 57 to 58 of 

our Annual Report 2021. 




34 

 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Reference/Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 

 

 

GRI 102: General Disclosures 

 

 

1. Organizational profile 

 

 

Disclosure 102-1 

Name of the organization 

shopper360 Limited 

Disclosure 102-2 

Activities, brands, products, and services 

https://shopper360.com.my/our-

expertise/ 

Disclosure 102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Malaysia 

Disclosure 102-4 

Location of operations 

Malaysia, Singapore, Myanmar 

Disclosure 102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report 2021 (“AR”) page 2, 

Sustainability Report 2021 (“SR”) 

page 6 to 7 

Disclosure 102-6 

Markets served 

Malaysia, Singapore, Myanmar 

Disclosure 102-7 

Scale of the organization 

AR page 2,11 to 12, SR page 26 

Disclosure 102-8 

Information on employees and other 

workers 

SR page 26 to 27 

Disclosure 102-9 

Supply chain 

SR page 6, AR page 89 to 90 

Disclosure 102-10 

Significant changes to the organization and 

its supply chain 

None 

Disclosure 102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

shopper360 supports the intent of 

this principle, but has not expressed 

a specific commitment 

Disclosure 102-12 

External initiatives 

None 

Disclosure 102-13 

Membership of associations 

None 

 

 

 

2. Strategy 

 

 

Disclosure 102-14 

Statement from senior decision-maker 

SR page 4-5 

 

 

 

3. Ethics and integrity 

 

 

Disclosure 102-16 

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behavior 

SR page 8 

 

 

 

4. Governance 

 

 

Disclosure 102-18 

Governance structure 

AR page 44 to 65 

 

 

 

5. Stakeholder engagement 

 

 

Disclosure 102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR page 10 to 11 

Disclosure 102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

Disclosure 102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR page 10 

Disclosure 102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR page 10 

Disclosure 102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR page 11 

 

 

 

6. Reporting practice 

 

 

Disclosure 102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

AR page 2 

Disclosure 102-46 

Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries 

SR page 3 

Disclosure 102-47 

List of material topics 

SR page 12 to 13 

Disclosure 102-48 

Restatements of information 

Not applicable 

Disclosure 102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable 

Disclosure 102-50 

Reporting period 

1 June 2020 to 31 May 2021 

Disclosure 102-51 

Date of most recent report 

28 October 2020 

Disclosure 102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 


35 

 

 

Disclosure 102-53 

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report 

SR page 3 

Disclosure 102-54 

Claims of reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

This report is with reference to the 

GRI Standards (Core Option) 

Disclosure 102-55 

GRI content index 

SR page 34 to 35 

Disclosure 102-56 

External assurance 

We may seek external assurance in 

the future 

 

 

 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: Economic Performance 

 

 

Disclosure 201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

SR page 14 to 22 

 

 

 

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 

 

 

Disclosure 205-3 

Confirmed incidents of corruption and 

actions taken 

SR page 23 

 

 

 

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 

 

 

Disclosure 307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations 

SR page 24 

 

 

 

GRI 404: Training and Education 

 

 

Disclosure 404-1 

Average hours of training per year per 

employee 

SR page 30 

Disclosure 404-2 

Programs for upgrading employee skills 

and transition assistance programs 

SR page 29 to 30 

 

 

 

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity 

 

 

Disclosure 405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees 

SR page 26 to 27 

 

 

 

GRI 406: Non-Discrimination 

 

 

Disclosure 406-1 

Incidents of discrimination and corrective 

actions taken 

SR page 28 

 

 

 

GRI 418: Customer Privacy 

 

 

Disclosure 418-1 

Substantiated complaints concerning 

breaches of customer privacy and losses of 

customer data 

SR page 32 

 

 

 

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 

 

 

Disclosure 419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations 

in the social and economic area 

SR page 31 

 

 

 

 

 

