
 





 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sustainability Report 2019 

 

 


 

 

Table of Contents 

 

1. 

BOARD STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY ..................................... 2 

 

2. 

CORPORATE PROFILE ...................................................................... 3 

 

3. 

APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY ..................................................... 5 

 

4. 

ECONOMIC ........................................................................................ 8 

 

5. 

ENVIRONMENTAL ............................................................................. 9 

 

6. 

SOCIAL ............................................................................................... 9 

 

7. 

GOVERNANCE ................................................................................. 12 

 

8. 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX ............................................... 13 

 

 

 

This report has been prepared by shopper360 Limited (the “Company”) and its contents have been 

reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, ZICO Capital Pte. Ltd. (the “Sponsor”), in accordance with Rule 

226(2)(b) of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: 

Rules of Catalist.  

 

This report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes no 

responsibility for the contents of this report, including the correctness of any of the statements or 

opinions made or reports contained in this report.  

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms Alice Ng, Director of Continuing Sponsorship, ZICO Capital 

Pte. Ltd. at 8 Robinson Road, #09-00 ASO Building, Singapore 048544, telephone: (65) 6636 4201. 

 


 

2 

 

 

 

 

1. BOARD STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABILITY 

 

Sustainability is a key component for 

companies to promote value creation, and 

demand for increased transparency on 

listed companies’ environmental, social 

and governance (“ESG”) practices have 

been growing among investors.  

 

At shopper360 Limited (the “Company”, 

and 

together 

with 

its 

subsidiaries, 

“shopper360” 

or 

the 

“Group”), 

sustainability has always been a part of 

the Group’s culture as we strive to achieve 

continual financial performance and uninterrupted growth. Recognising the relevance of 

sustainability in our business values, our statement on sustainability aims to illustrate our 

strategic approach to address sustainability challenges in contributing towards the 

betterment of the business, environment and society.  

 

We are pleased to present our Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 May 2019 

(“FY2019”). This report, produced in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiatives (“GRI”) 

Standard (Core Option), includes the primary components as set out in Practice Note 7F of 

the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual Section B: 

Rules of Catalist (“Catalist Rules”) for sustainability reporting. The Group will continue to make 

improvements to its sustainability efforts and work with its stakeholders towards promoting 

sustainability in its businesses. 

 

In this Sustainability Report, we look to the next phase of our sustainability journey by 

reviewing our sustainability strategies and initiatives. 

 

We have chosen GRI as the sustainability reporting framework as it is internationally 

recognised and is widely adopted, enabling us to achieve a comprehensive and comparable 

disclosure of ESG performance. The GRI content index and relevant references are disclosed 

in pages 13 to 14 of this report. The data and information provided have not been verified by 

an independent third party. We have relied on internal data monitoring and verification to 

ensure accuracy of data and information.  

 

The board of directors of the Group (the “Board” or “Directors”) oversees the management 

and monitoring of these factors, and takes them into consideration in the determination of the 

Group’s strategic direction and policies. 

 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this 

enables us to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your 

comments and suggestions to ir@shopper360.com.my. 

 

 

 

 




 

3 

 



 

2. CORPORATE PROFILE 

 

The Group is a well-established shopper marketing services provider in the retail and 

consumer goods industries of Malaysia, with over 30 years of experience in in-store 

advertising. The Group offers a comprehensive range of marketing and advertising services 

that integrate along the entire shopper journey, from the use of online media to influence a 

consumer’s planning and brand consideration, to in-store media and shopper engagement 

through sampling and events. All these touchpoints will help drive brand awareness, trial 

and conversion to loyalty, retention and repeat purchase amongst shoppers. 

 

shopper360’s major suppliers are retailers of mass consumer products, in the form of 

hypermarkets, supermarkets, pharmacies and/or convenience chain and petrol marts stores 

in Malaysia, Myanmar and Singapore. The Group has a strong network of retail partners 

that provide access to in-store advertising across all the main towns in Malaysia, Myanmar 

and Singapore.  

 

The Group’s current client base are mostly multi-national customers.  

 


 

4 

 

 

 

 

Group’s Vision 

 

To be the shopper marketing expert in Asia. 

 

Group’s Mission 

 

• 

To be the leader in the field of shopper marketing. Providing 360 solutions such as 

integrated digital and offline marketing – omnichannel, in-store advertising, e-

commerce, data and insight, merchandising, field force activation (sampling), on-

ground activation and retail technology products and services. 

 

• 

To attract the best talent that fits our culture of forward thinking, forward doing, 

collaboration whilst cultivating an environment that promotes integrity, develops 

expertise and celebrates success. 

 

• 

To collaborate and be strategic with our business partners, retailers and customers 

(brand owners) in providing solutions to grow their businesses via sales and marketing 

efforts on the shopper marketing front. 

 

• 

To create memorable shopper experiences in the digital and physical retail world. 

 

• 

In summary, shopper360 aims to promote and advance our brand promise of helping 

companies (whether retailer or brand) to ‘sell smarter’. 

 

 


 

5 

 

 

3. APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 

 

 

SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT 

 

The Group recognises the importance of effective communication to ensure that our 

stakeholders understand our business, governance, financial performance and prospects.  An 

important point in sustainability reporting is to identify our stakeholders and the material 

aspects relevant to our business.  

 

The contents of this report have been determined based on ongoing stakeholder dialogue and 

a review of issues that are critical to shopper360. We define our stakeholders as those 

impacted by our business activities, who have direct and indirect involvement and whose 

interest may have positive or negative consequences due to our business activities. The 

interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken into account when formulating 

corporate strategies. These key stakeholders include, but are not limited to, customers, 

suppliers, shareholders and employees.  

 

The Group is committed in engaging all of our stakeholders as part of our continued 

sustainability endeavors. We view stakeholder engagement as a continual process and not a 

one-off event. We adopt both formal and informal channels of communication to understand 

the needs of key stakeholders, and incorporate these into our corporate strategies to achieve 

mutually beneficial relationships. 

 

 

 

Reporting

Collect Data

Materiality 

Assessment

Engage 

Stakeholders

Planning and 

Scoping


 

6 

 











 

 

The following table represents the stakeholder engagement methods which the Group adopt 

in our sustainability practices to meet the ESG requirements. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Stakeholders 

Engagement Platform 

Frequency of Engagement 

Key Concerns  

Suppliers 

Face-to-face meetings 

When needed 

Product and service 

quality 

Vendor Assessment 

Annually 

Employees 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Staff Appraisal 

Annually 

Employment benefits 

 

Employee capabilities and 

career development 

 

Sense of belongings and 

recognition 

Training and Development 

Occasionally  

Investors and Shareholders 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Annual General Meeting/ 

Extraordinary General Meeting 

Annually or when needed 

Company Growth 

 

Transparency 

 

Profitability 

Annual Report 

Annually 

Announcement 

Half yearly (results 

announcements) or when 

needed (other 

announcements) 

Customers 

 

 

 

 

 

Face-to-face meetings 

When needed 

Quality of Service 

 

Contracts Fulfilment 

Regular customers’ feedbacks  

Daily 

Social Media 

Daily 

Exhibition 

Occasionally 

Government and Regulators 

Annual Report 

Annually 

Compliance with 

regulatory and industry 

standards and guidelines 

Announcement 

Half yearly  (results 

announcements) or when 

needed (other 

announcements)   


 

7 

 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of material topics. In order to determine 

if an aspect is material, we assessed its potential impact on the economy, environment and 

society and its influence on the stakeholders. We have identified these material topics for 

reporting based on the significance of our ESG and economic impacts and the degree of 

influence where we see the most potential for creating maximum value for our shareholders 

and stakeholders. Relevant topics are then prioritised to identify material factors which are 

subject to validation. The materiality assessment was guided by inputs from our management 

and key representatives from business units as well as some external stakeholders.  Going 

forward, materiality review will be conducted every year, incorporating inputs gathered from 

stakeholders’ engagements.  

 

Applying the guidance from GRI, we have reviewed and identified the following as our material 

aspects: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TARGETS 

As part of our sustainability initiative, we have begun tracking the performance and 

achievements for some of the material topics which are important to the Group. Wherever 

applicable, the results are indicated in the following pages of this report. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Review of 

MT

Validation of 

MT

Prioritisation 

of MT

Identification 

of Material 

Topics 

("MT")



ECONOMIC 

-Economic Performance 

-Anti Corruption 





ENVIRONMENTAL 

-Environmental Compliance 





SOCIAL 

-Employment and Diversity 

-Training and Education 

-Socioeconomic Compliance 

-Customer Privacy 





GOVERNANCE 

-Corporate Governance 

-Risk Management 




 

8 

 

 

 

4. ECONOMIC 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

We are committed to achieving economic sustainability growth for our shareholders. We 

conduct our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and in accordance 

with high ethical business practices and good corporate governance. 

As part of shopper360’s journey to incorporate sustainable business practices in the long term, 

the Group is committed to a holistic approach to business management. shopper360 believes 

that focusing on financial sustainability is critical. The Group’s basic principle is that long-term 

profitability and shareholder value is ensured by taking into account the interests of 

stakeholders, such as shareholders, employees, suppliers and society as a whole. 

 

For detailed financial results, please refer to the following sections in our Annual Report 2019: 

• 

Group Financial Highlights, pages 12 to 15 

• 

Financial Statements, pages 69 to 119 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

The Group is committed to the values of transparency, integrity, impartiality and accountability 

in the conduct of its business and affairs. 

shopper360 has zero-tolerance for corruption. We take a strong stand against corrupt 

practices and strategies, and this value has been communicated to all of our employees, major 

suppliers and business partners. There were no fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-

compliance with laws and regulations over the past year. There were no reported incidents of 

corruption during the same reporting period. 

The Group has established a whistle-blowing policy with the aim of providing a structured 

mechanism for employees and other stakeholders to report any concerns on any suspected 

or wrongful activities or wrongdoings. These refer to any potential violations or concerns 

relating to any laws, rules, regulations, acts, ethics, integrity and business conduct, including 

any violation or concerns relating to malpractice, illegal, immoral, embezzlement and 

fraudulent activities, which will affect the business and image of the Group. Please refer to 

page 51 of our Annual Report 2019 for further details on the Group’s whistle-blowing policy. 

 

Anti-Corruption  

FY2019 

FY2018 

Incidents of Corruption (GRI 205-3) 

NIL 

NIL 

 

 

 

Target for subsequent reporting: 

The Group will continue to target zero incidents of corruption in the Group in the upcoming 

financial year. In fact, we will always ensure that there will be no incidents of corruption in the 

Group. 

 

 

 

 

 


 

9 

 

 

 

5. ENVIRONMENTAL 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

 

The Group remains steadfast in our commitment to sustainable development and seeks to 

operate in a way that minimises environmental harm. shopper360’s direct environmental 

impact is limited, but we always strive to avoid unnecessary impact and to further reduce the 

impact on the environment. 

 

In FY2019, there was no incidence of non-compliance with laws and regulations and we 

endeavor to maintain this track record. 

 

Environmental Compliance  

FY2019 

FY2018 

Incidents of non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations 

(GRI 307-1) 

NIL 

NIL 

 

Target for subsequent reporting: 

 

Our Group will continue to target to maintain this track record of zero incidents of non-

compliance with environmental laws and regulations in the upcoming financial year. 

 

6. SOCIAL 

 

EMPLOYMENT AND DIVERSITY 

 

We recognise our employees are the drivers of our business and we believe in creating a 

respectful, rewarding and safe working environment for our people. Our work environment is 

aimed at providing a fair performance-based work culture that is diverse, inclusive and 

collaborative. We also encourage our people to reach their fullest potential and provide them 

with a fulfilling and meaningful career.  

 

Every employee plays an essential role in the Group. Continuous open dialogue is the main 

platform used to engage our employees. Open dialogues are conducted informally to 

encourage employees to raise any issues to management. We believe that this provides a 

more interactive and direct channel for any form of feedback. 

 

Building and retaining talent are both critical in growing the Group as the continuous growth 

of the Group needs talented employees. Having a diverse workforce with equal opportunity 

regardless of age, race and gender is one of the ways to build and retain talent. Our employees 

are not covered by collective bargaining agreements but are given the rights to exercise 

freedom of association.  

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

10 

 

 

 

 

As at 31 May 2019, shopper360 employed 2,188 staff, comprising 383 permanent staff and 

1,805 contract staff. Female employees accounted for 43% of our total workforce. The Board 

of Directors comprises 6 members, of which three are women. The profile of each of our 

Directors can be found on page 6 to 7 of our Annual Report 2019. 

 

Non-Discrimination 

FY2019 

FY2018 

Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken (GRI 406-1) 

NIL 

1 

 

In March 2018, the Company received a complaint from an ex-employee against a then-

existing employee of the Group on certain misconduct. However, the latter resigned voluntarily 

amidst the Company conducting an internal investigation into allegation of misconduct. There 

have been no reports of discrimination based on race or gender within the Group for FY2019. 

 

Target for subsequent reporting: 

Our Group will strive to maintain zero incidents of discrimination in the upcoming financial 

year.  

 

TRAINING AND EDUCATION 

 

shopper360 has been recognized as one of the best companies to work for by HR Asia in  

2017. As a Group, we are continuously striving to create a collaborative and fulfilling working 

environment for all of our employees. This can only be achieved with carefully designed 

innovative employee engagement and development programmes. 

 

We encourage and aim to provide all employees with equal opportunities for training and 

upgrading. We believe that learning and training is an important, continuous and life-long 

process so that employees are equipped with the competencies needed to meet current and 

future business needs. This includes workshops, seminars, conferences, in-house company 

training and on-the-job training.  

 

We have not stopped short in our efforts to be thought leaders in our industry, whether by 

attending overseas expo, hosting shopper marketing talks or constantly upskilling our staff 

through various training programs. shopper360 allocates 2% of its total salary costs in 

upskilling and development of its people.  

 

Staff training and the continuing development of the employees are essential for the success 

of our Group. In a rapid changing business environment, we will need to ensure that the 

training needs are optimised, and meet the purpose of upgrading the skillset of our workforce. 

We believe as the market evolves, so must the skill set of learning professionals. As such, we 

have continued to be adaptive to the employees training requirements. Despite the prevailing 

market conditions, shopper360 has managed to achieve an average training hour of 8.85 

hours per staff (permanent staff) for FY2019. Courses such as business communication skills, 

remuneration management workshop, understanding the employment act 1955 and 

toastmaster are just some of them. 

 

In anticipation of the aforementioned, we aim to maintain our training hours for our employees 

and continue to allocate 2% of the total salary cost to be set aside in upgrading the skills of 

our staff for the upcoming financial year.  


 

11 

 

 

 

 

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE 

 

The Group is proud to inform that it is in compliance, in all material aspects, with all social, 

economic, and environmental rules and regulations and is not engaged in any anti-competitive 

practices. 

 

Socioeconomic Compliance  

FY2019 

FY2018 

Incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and 

economic area (GRI 419-1) 

NIL 

NIL 

 

Target for subsequent reporting: 

Our Group will strive to maintain zero incidents of on-compliance with laws and regulations in 

the social and economic area in the upcoming financial year.  

 

CUSTOMER PRIVACY 

 

We recognize our responsibility to properly handle clients’ personal information. The Group 

has not been the subject of any complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy or loss 

of customer data, nor any complaints relating to data protection. 

 

In FY2019, we are pleased to inform that there were no cases of substantiated complaints 

received about breaches of customer privacy, and no complaints received from outside parties 

and regulatory bodies. 

 

Target for subsequent reporting: 

 

Our Group intends to maintain the record of zero incidents on breaches of customer data in 

the upcoming financial year. 

 

 

 


 

12 

 

 

7. GOVERNANCE 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 

The Board acknowledges the importance for the Group to adopt and continuously practise 

good corporate governance throughout the Group’s operations to ensure accountability and 

transparency, as a fundamental part of discharging its responsibilities to protect and enhance 

shareholders’ value and financial performance of the Group. 

 

Please refer to Corporate Governance Report set out on pages 38 to 61 of our Annual Report 

2019 for further details on the Group’s corporate governance practices. 

 

RISK MANAGEMENT 

 

The Board acknowledges that it is responsible for reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness 

of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems including financial, operational, 

compliance and information technology controls. The Board is committed to ensuring that the 

Group has an effective and practical enterprise risk management framework in place to 

safeguard Shareholders’ interests, and the sustainability of the Group as well as provide a 

basis to make informed decisions having regard to the risk exposure and risk appetite of the 

Group.  

 

For detailed disclosure on our risk management activity, please refer to pages 48 to 49 of our 

Annual Report 2019. 

 

 


 

13 

 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT 

INDEX 

 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Reference/Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 

 

 

GRI 102: General Disclosures 

 

 

1. Organizational profile 

 

 

Disclosure 102-1  

Name of the organization 

shopper360Limited 

Disclosure 102-2   

Activities, brands, products, and services 

https://shopper360.com.my/our-expertise/ 

Disclosure 102-3    

Location of headquarters 

Malaysia 

Disclosure 102-4   

Location of operations 

Malaysia, Singapore, Myanmar 

Disclosure 102-5   

Ownership and legal form 

Annual Report 2019 (“AR”) page 34, 

Sustainability Report 2019 (“SR”) page 3 

Disclosure 102-6   

Markets served 

Malaysia, Singapore, Myanmar 

Disclosure 102-7   

Scale of the organization 

AR page 34, SR page 10 

Disclosure 102-8   

Information on employees and other workers 

SR page 9 to 10 

Disclosure 102-9   

Supply chain 

SR page 3, AR page 79 to 80 

Disclosure 102-10  

Significant changes to the organization and its 

supply chain 

None 

Disclosure 102-11  

Precautionary Principle or approach 

shopper360 supports the intent of this 

principle, but has not expressed a specific 

commitment 

Disclosure 102-12  

External initiatives 

None 

Disclosure 102-13  

Membership of associations 

None 

2. Strategy 

 

 

Disclosure 102-14  

Statement from senior decision-maker 

SR page 2 

3. Ethics and integrity 

 

 

Disclosure 102-16  

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behavior 

SR page 4 

4. Governance 

 

 

Disclosure 102-18  

Governance structure 

AR page 38 to 61 

5. Stakeholder engagement 

 

 

Disclosure 102-40  

List of stakeholder groups 

SR page 5 to 6 

Disclosure 102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

Disclosure 102-42  

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR page 5 

Disclosure 102-43  

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR page 5 

Disclosure 102-44  

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR page 6 

6. Reporting practice 

 

 

Disclosure 102-45  

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

statements 

AR page 34 

Disclosure 102-46  

Defining report content and topic Boundaries 

SR page 2 

Disclosure 102-47 

List of material topics 

SR page 7 

Disclosure 102-48  

Restatements of information 

Not applicable 

Disclosure 102-49  

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable 

Disclosure 102-50  

Reporting period 

1 June 2018 to 31 May 2019 

Disclosure 102-51  

Date of most recent report 

31 May 2019 

Disclosure 102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

Disclosure 102-53  

Contact point for questions regarding  the report 

SR page 2 

Disclosure 102-54  

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 

Standards 

This report is with reference to the GRI 

Standards (Core Option) 

Disclosure 102-55  

GRI content index 

SR page 13 to 14 

Disclosure 102-56  

External assurance 

We may seek external assurance in the future 

 

 

 


 

14 

 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

Reference/Description 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: Economic Performance 

 

 

Disclosure 201-1  

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

SR page 8 

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 

 

 

Disclosure 205-3  

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 

taken 

SR page 8 

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 

 

 

Disclosure 307-1  

Non-compliance with environmental laws and 

regulations 

SR page 9 

GRI 404: Training and Education 

 

 

Disclosure 404-1  

Average hours of training per year per 

employee 

SR page 10 

Disclosure 404-2  

Programs for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programs 

SR page 10 

GRI 406: Non-Discrimination 

 

 

Disclosure 406-1  

Incidents of discrimination and corrective 

actions taken  

SR page 10 

GRI 418: Customer Privacy 

 

 

Disclosure 406-1  

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches 

of customer privacy and losses of customer 

data 

SR page 11 

GRI 419: Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

 

 

Disclosure 419-1  

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in 

the social and economic area 

SR page 11 

