
















































































Sustainable Development Report 2020

Shui On Land Limited

STOCK CODE  272 

Shui On Land Limited

Sustainable Development Report 2020






2 Shui On Land Limited


02 

Chairman's Message

04 

Approach to Sustainable Development

05 

    Becoming a Pioneer in Sustainable Urban Communities

11 

About Shui On Land

12 

 Our Profile and Market Presence

13 

    Our Corporate Philosophy and Culture

14 

About this Report

15 

 Stakeholder Engagement

17 

 Material ESG Topics

19 

 Endorsement and Approval

19 

 Contact and Feedback

20 

Our Performance in 2020

20 

 2020 – At a Glance  

22 

    Operating responsibly in challenging times

57 

Appendices

57 

 Recognition and Awards

58 

    Performance Summary

64 

    Content Index

Table of Contents

23

Clean

29

Community

38

Culture

43

Care

51

Corporate 

Governance

2020 Sustainable Development Report 1
























Chairman's Message

VINCENT H. S. LO

Chairman




2020 was a year of momentous and far-reaching 

change. On one hand, the COVID-19 pandemic and 

the ensuing public-health crisis dealt a devastating 

blow to economies around the world. On the other 

hand, it prompted new ways of working and living 

that will likely have an impact for years to come. 

The pandemic has also accelerated many changes 

in how we live, work, play and learn. The needs of 

both the business community and home buyers 

are changing rapidly, with increasing priority given 

to quality and sustainability. Indeed, the Chinese 

government has increasingly focused on sustainable 

development of late, as opposed to the disruptive 

“demolish and rebuild” approach of the past. 

With the Group’s unique expertise and strong track 

record in urban regeneration projects, I believe we 

have an important role to play in driving innovation 

in our business model, leveraging our strengths 

in cultural preservation and in creating integrated, 

sustainable communities - to provide greater 

flexibility in the way people live, work, play and 

learn. We have also seen a rise in concerns about 

community health and well-being – which aligns 

perfectly with our decision to focus on creating 

sustainable communities.  

To integrate these issues further into our corporate 

strategies, we introduced in 2020 our new 2030 5C 

Sustainable Development Strategy (5C Strategy). 

This ten-year strategic framework for sustainable 

development will guide our ESG-related efforts as we 

seek to align with China’s goal of achieving carbon 

neutrality by 2060, while also addressing trends in 

environmental regulation and consumers’ increasing 

calls for environmental sustainability. We will work 

closely with employees, customers, suppliers, 

investors, and other stakeholders to achieve our ESG 

targets set forth by the 5C Strategy.  

We are already well on our way to becoming a 

pioneer of sustainable premium urban communities. 

In this regard I am pleased to note the success 

of THE HUB, which won the 2020 ULI Asia Pacific 

Award for Excellence in September. This award 

recognises not just good design and high quality of 

construction, but financial success and contributions 

to the local community as well. In fact, over 80% of 

our completed commercial projects held for long-

term investment have attained “green” building 

certifications. As another step to underline the 

Group’s commitment to building sustainable 

communities, in November we issued a further 

US$200 million of Green Bonds, adding to the 

US$300 million inaugural issue and taking the total 

outstanding to US$500 million.

I am conscious that there is still much to be done 

and our work continues. Remaining competitive and 

forward-thinking in such a dynamic environment 

will require everyone at Shui On Land to have the 

courage to explore new opportunities, to experiment, 

and to move boldly and steadily forwards. I am 

confident that given the challenges encountered and 

overcome in 2020, our team is up for this challenge. 

I also wish to thank each and every member of our 

staff for their unyielding commitment and hard 

work amidst this trying period of unprecedented 

circumstances. We could not have weathered 

the storm without the exemplary team spirit and 

collaboration exhibited by everyone at Shui On Land. 

I must express particular thanks during this difficult 

year to my fellow Board members, our business 

partners and our investors for their steadfast 

support. 

I am confident that 2021 will be a better year, as 

we mark both the 50th anniversary of the Shui 

On Group and the 20th anniversary of Shanghai 

Xintiandi. This does not mean the road ahead will be 

straightforward, but nevertheless, the Group is well-

placed to strategically meet any challenges and take 

advantage of the opportunities that may arise., as we 

build on the successes of the past fifty years.  

VINCENT H. S. LO

Chairman

Hong Kong, 31 May 2021



2020 Sustainable Development Report 03


Sustainable development (SD) is an important 

cornerstone of our real estate business and is 

reflected in our corporate vision to become a 

pioneer of sustainable premium urban communities. 

Throughout our company’s history, we have always 

been committed to caring for the environment, 

preserving cultural heritage, and building and 

sustaining vibrant communities. We care for our 

colleagues, partners, and stakeholders, and do 

our utmost to uphold and raise the quality of our 

governance. 

Faced with increasing global and stakeholder 

concerns and scrutiny about critical issues including 

climate change and resource scarcity; and as China 

has pledged to become carbon neutral by 2060, 

we recognise our role as a property developer to 

help support these commitments. Our sustainable 

business model balances financial profitability with 

sustainability, social and environmental impact, 

as well as our contribution to local and regional 

economies, effectively encompassing all aspects of 

responsible management of environmental, social 

and governance (ESG) related issues. 

Our SD Journey 

Approach to Sustainable Development

 







Approach to Sustainable Development

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT REPORT

Sustainable development (SD) is an important cornerstone of 

our real estate business. Throughout our company’s history, 

we have been committed to caring for the environment, 

preserving cultural heritage, and building and sustaining 

vibrant communities. We care for our colleagues, partners, 

and stakeholders, and do our utmost to uphold and raise the 

quality of our governance. 

Faced with increasing global and stakeholder concerns and 

scrutiny about critical issues including climate change and 

resource scarcity; and as China has pledged to become carbon 

neutral by 2060, we recognise our role as a property developer 

to help support these commitments. Our sustainable business 

model balances financial profitability with sustainability, social 

and environmental impact, as well as our contribution to 

local and regional economies, effectively encompassing all 

aspects of responsible environmental, social, and governance 

(ESG) management.

Further details of all our initiatives and contributions in 2020 

as well as our 2030 5C Sustainable Development Strategy (5C 

Strategy) will be shared in the 2020 SD Report. The Report 

will showcase our enhanced approach to ESG reporting in 

alignment with the priorities of the 5C Strategy as well as in 

accordance to the ESG Reporting Guide (Appendix 27) of the 

Hong Kong Stock Exchange. 

 2019

• Announced the new 5C 

Sustainable Development 

Strategy with enhanced SD 

governance structure

• Over 80% of completed 

commercial projects were 

green certified 

• 32% decrease 

in carbon emissions 

intensity compared to 

2011 baseline

• Issued Green Finance 

Framework and launched 

first Green Bond of  

US$300 million

 2017 

Launched the updated 

Six Major Guidelines for 

sustainable development 

2017-2021 

 2006 

Announced our Sustainable 

Development Policy and formed the 

Sustainable Development Committee.

 2016 

Started to disclose ESG 

performance as part of the 

annual report

 2012 

• Based on the baseline of 

2011, announced our first 

Six Major Guidelines for 

sustainable development

• Hosted our first SOL 

Sustainable Development 

Forum. SD forums have 

been held on a regular 

basis since.

 1997 

Masterplanning began of 

Taipingqiao, a pedestrian-

friendly mixed-use world–

class community.

2017

to

2021

-32%





Timeline of SOL’s SD journey including key achievements

04 Shui On Land Limited


Becoming a Pioneer in Sustainable Urban Communities

In 2017, we established a set of environmentally focused sustainable development (SD) goals we aimed 

to achieve by 2021. In 2019, we announced our intention to enlarge our vision of what SD means for the 

Company and to expand on existing internal goals by developing and implementing a 2030 5C Sustainable 

Development Strategy (5C Strategy). To continue to advance our work in this area, we have carefully and 

thoughtfully crafted this ten-year strategy to guide us as we continue our SD journey towards 2030 and 

beyond. 

 

 

 











 

2030

 5C Sustainable 

Development

Strategy

  

  

  

  

  

C

l

e

a

n

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

C

u

lt

u

r

e

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

 

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

 

C

a

r

e

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

  

  

  

 

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

 

  

  

  

  

  

 

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

 

C

o

m

m

u

n

it

y

C

o

r

p

o

r

a

t

e

 

G

o

v

e

r

n

a

n

c

e

2020 Sustainable Development Report 05










































 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Community

Enhance partnerships 

and engagement for 

thriving sustainable 

communities

• Value chain management 

and engagement

Embed health and sustainability 

into our online-merge-offline 

community experience

• 

• 

• 

Master planning

Tenant and customer 

wellbeing and safety

Volunteering

Strengthen an innovative and 

entrepreneurial ecosystem

• Innovation and entrepreneurship

Clean

Build green and healthy 

communities

• 

• 

• 

Green and healthy buildings

Indoor air quality

Water conservation

Transition towards carbon 

neutrality

• 

• 

Climate change mitigation 

and adaptation

Emissions management

Reduce waste in our portfolio

• Waste management

Care

Provide equal opportunities 

in training &amp; development

• Training and 

development

Create a diverse and 

inclusive workplace

• Diversity and equal 

opportunities

Ensure health 

and safety for all

• Occupational 

health and safety

Improve employee 

wellbeing

• Employee 

wellbeing

Culture

Rejuvenate urban, 

cultural heritage sites

• Heritage conservation 

and urban regeneration

Engage, connect, and promote 

local creativity with future 

business opportunities

• Creative expression

Promote international cultural 

diversity and exchange

• International cultural exchange

Corporate

Governance

Embed sustainability

Steer the business with 

integrity

• 

• 

Business ethics and 

anti-corruption

Corporate governance

Strengthen emergency 

preparedness

• Emergency preparedness

Transition towards carbon neutrality, leading 

with climate change mitigation and adaptation 

practices and by increasing our capabilities to 

manage and reduce emissions across our entire 

portfolio

For all our communities to encourage and 

enable healthy, sustainable living and to make 

our community sustainability practices among 

the best in China

Enhance the vibrancy and authenticity of our 

communities through urban regeneration, 

architectural heritage conservation, promotion of 

local creative talents and international cultural 

exchange

Provide all employees with equal opportunities 

for holistic career development, while 

maintaining the highest health and safety 

standards in the workplace and ensuring 

openness to diversity of thought and innovation 

‒ enabling them to be accountable members of 

society

Become a trusted partner for all stakeholders 

by nurturing a corporate culture of integrity, 

transparency, and accountability

•  

•  

•  

•  

Transition towards carbon neutrality across our operations and developments

- Reduction targets for GHG emissions and energy usage intensity per the SBT 

initiatives are under assessment

Develop and adopt a company climate change policy to mitigate and adapt to 

potential risks

Increase the proportion of total electricity consumption from renewable sources 

to 15%

※

Be known for human-centric building designs that meet or exceed local and 

international sustainability and health standards

- 100% new building achieve dual health and sustainability certiﬁcations

•  

•  

•  

•  

100% of the indoor air quality in the common areas of our buildings to fulﬁl or 

exceed the IAQ mainland China standard

Design and curate programmes for inclusive, human scale public spaces that 

improve the vibrancy and liveability of our communities

100% adoption of green pledge by all tenants to enable a healthy and 

sustainable community. Contents of the pledge to include the elimination of 

single use plastics as well as the reduction of water and electricity consumption

Promote and/ or incubate over 100 start-ups or local creative business within 

our community

•  

•  

•  

Develop a holistic training programme and individual career development plan 

for all employees of every level across all business units

- Average training hours per employee per year: 40

Provide a safe, healthy, and inclusive ofﬁce environment for all staff

- Maintain zero workplace fatalities for all employees and contracted partners 

in the supply chain

- Achieve gender equality and diversity across the company and gender 

remuneration ration 1:1 between female and male

Encourage all employees to be socially responsible

- Average volunteer service hours per employee per year: 8

•  

•  

•  

Be a pioneer in preservation and adaptive reuse of historical buildings 

and its urban fabric

Enhance the vibrancy of the communities that we develop through the 

programming of cultural content and the design and management of 

city streetscapes

Promote and celebrate local creative talent

•  

•  

•  

Achieve a minimum of 50% of bond and loan facilities from sustainable ﬁnancing

Adhere to global best practices for corporate governance and ESG reporting

Maintain 100% implementation of the employee Code of Conduct across all 

business units

Priority Themes and Material ESG Topics

Ambition

2030 Targets

We are committed to providing urban solutions that foster sustainable urban living, enhance local culture, 

and create vibrant communities for cities in China. Faced with global concerns such as climate change and 

resource scarcity, and a local drive to improve the environmental responsibility of companies, our 5C Strategy 

enables us to build and manage communities by concentrating our efforts behind five components that are 

central to our values and daily operations. We believe these clear strategic priorities, known as the “the 5Cs”: 

Clean, Community, Culture, Care and Corporate Governance, will support our growth and deliver returns for 

Approach to Sustainable Development

 







our many stakeholders. In short, these five components of SD have driven the development of our 10-year 

plan. We believe these matters are all core concepts of SD at the Company and it is time for us to formally 

incorporate them into our vision. 

The ambitions and priority themes for each ‘C’ component of the 5C Strategy were developed from an in-depth 

review of the materiality assessment conducted in 2019, internal and external engagement, as well as rigorous 

action plan development in 2020. They reflect the types of projects and initiatives we want to drive over the 

next ten years and serve as a feedback loop to ensure that we remain focused on meeting our corporate 

vision. 

※   This includes the electricity we would purchase from those certified renewable sources by the government.

06 Shui On Land Limited

2020 Sustainable Development Report 07


The 5Cs are interconnected and collectively contribute to our corporate vision. Achieving our 2030 targets will 

require collaboration across all our staff and leadership. As such, we updated our ESG governance structure in 

April 2021 to ensure everyone on our team has the support and resources needed to achieve these ambitious 

goals. The main adjustment was the addition of a board-level Sustainability Committee consisting of a select 

group of executive directors and INEDs. The committee will provide direct support to the Board on how to 

ensure alignment between the 5C Strategy and our overall business objectives and will advise on ongoing 

insights into trends and market practices as well as provide directional support to the working level SD 

Executive Committee (previously called the SD Committee).  The Sustainability Committee will meet at least 

once a year. 

Our SD Governance Structure  

We began rolling out the 5C strategy beginning in 2021, and the strategic goals and targets that have been 

developed will be gradually implemented in the coming years. We recognise that as we achieve our short-

term goals, our longer-term targets will evolve and as such our work plans will have to constantly be updated. 

We are confident that this new strategy will consistently provide the group with a roadmap for success in the 

coming decade and bring us all closer to living in a truly sustainable world. 

 







Approach to Sustainable Development

01

03

05

02

04

Board of 

Directors

Sustainability

Committee

Sustainable 

Development

 Executive 

Committee

Clean 

Working Team

Community

Working Team

CorporateGovernance

Working Team

Culture

Working Team

Care

Working Team

08 Shui On Land Limited


How Our Actions Contribute to the SDGs

Supported Initiatives

Since 2015, the UN’s 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of the 2030 

Agenda for Sustainable Development have been calling for action to end poverty, 

protect the planet and ensure that all people enjoy peace and prosperity. SOL first 

referenced the SDGs in our 2016 CSR Report and in our 2019 Report we shared 

10 relevant SDGs that we are best positioned to support. 

Motivated to contribute to the global sustainability agenda, our 5C Strategy was 

written to help us address global sustainability issues at a local level. When we 

formulated the Strategy, we embedded relevant SDG oriented targets into the 

process as far as reasonably practical. As our approach to SD has evolved, so too has our approach to aligning 

with the SDGs. To add further clarity and transparency to our SDG-related ambitions, we have mapped how 

the priority initiatives of the 5C Strategy may contribute to the successful achievement of these critical global 

goals.



SDG 3.9

Helping to reduce the number of illnesses from hazardous chemicals and air, water and soil pollution and 

contamination – by providing quality air in our developments via constant monitoring and purification.







SDG 17.7

SDG 11.6 / 11.7

SDG 12.2 / 12.8

Participating in and supporting public-private and civil society partnerships concerning sustainable building 

practices.

Paying special attention to air quality and waste management throughout our developments to help reduce the 

adverse environmental impact of cities.

Providing universal access to safe, inclusive and accessible, green and public spaces within and around our 

developments

Striving to achieve the sustainable management and efficient use of natural resources in relation to our building 

and procurement practices.

Sharing with our community and value chain relevant information and awareness for sustainable development 

and lifestyles .











SDG 6.4

SDG 9.4

SDG 12.5

SDG 13

Upgrading our facilities to increase water-use-efficiency.

Upgrading our facilities to increase resource-use efficiency to reduce our CO2 emissions.

Innovating our waste and recycling practices to substantially reduce waste generation through prevention, 

reduction, recycling, and reuse.

Strengthening our portfolio and company’s resilience and adaptive capacity to climate-related hazards and 

natural disasters – by preparing for emergency situations and decreasing our carbon emissions.

Clean

Community

2020 Sustainable Development Report 09


SDG 11.4

We will continue to report our progress and plans to address these important 

goals and to openly engage with interested stakeholders about our SDG-related 

activities for years to come.

 







Approach to Sustainable Development





SDG 17.17

Strengthening efforts to protect and safeguard cultural and natural heritage by conserving and rejuvenating 

cultural and historic sites.

Participating in and supporting public-private and civil society partnerships concerning cultural heritage.





SDG 12.6

SDG 16.5

Adopting sustainable practices and integrating sustainability information into our reporting cycle.

Enhancing our corporate governance practices and policies to reduce corruption and bribery in all their forms.







SDG 5.5

SDG 8.8

SDG 16.b

Actively opening pathways for more representation of women in managerial positions within our organisation.

Adhering to all local regulations on labour rights and promoting a safe and secure working environment for all 

workers. 

Promoting and enforcing non-discriminatory policies to ensure that no one on our staff have felt discriminated 

against or harassed.

Culture

Care

Corporate 

Governance

10 Shui On Land Limited


About Shui On Land

 2020 Economic Value Generated and Distributed 

For more information about our revenue stream, and overall economic value generated and distributed, see 

our 2020 Annual Report.

4,597

Direct economic value 

generated – revenue

Total employee 

benefits expenses

845

 Landbank 

(GFA)

8.6

1

million m

2 

RMB million 

RMB million 



Wuhan Tiandi, built in accordance with our sustainable development principles,

develop along with the city and continue to guide the internationalization of the Wuhan lifestyle.

1

6.4 million m

2 of leasable and saleable area, and 2.2 million m

2 for clubhouses, car parking spaces and other facilities.

2020 Sustainable Development Report 11


Our Profile and Market Presence

Headquartered in Shanghai, Shui On Land

2  (Stock Code: 272) is a pioneer of sustainable premium urban 

communities. As a leading commercial focused real estate developer, owner, and asset manager in China, we 

have a proven record of accomplishment in developing large scale, mixed-use, sustainable communities, and 

are the flagship property development company of the Shui On Group.

3

As of 31 December 2020, the Company has 11 projects in various stages of development and 2 projects under 

management in prime locations of major cities, with a landbank of 8.6 million square metres (m

2). We are 

also one of the largest private commercial property owners and managers in Shanghai, with a total portfolio 

of 1.72 million m

2. of office and retail premises, including our flagship Shanghai Xintiandi, which is under our 

management. 

Our “Asset Light Strategy” enables us to greatly enhance our financial strength, diversify our capital base 

and invest in new opportunities, which greatly facilitates our strategic transformation. Since the inception 

of our company, the company has always been committed to caring for the environment, to preserving and 

rejuvenating cultural heritage, and to building and sustaining vibrant communities.

The Company was the largest Chinese real estate enterprise to be listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange 

(HKEX) in 2006. We are also a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Composite Index, HSCI Composite Industry 

Index - Properties &amp; Construction, Hang Seng Composite MidCap Indices as well as the Hang Seng Stock 

Connect HK Index.

Shui On Group, public shareholders and SOCAM Development together own 100% of Shui On 

Land. We wholly own the four businesses of China Xintiandi Co. Ltd., Feng Cheng Property 

Management Ltd., Shui On Construction Co. Ltd., and Shui On Investment Management.

 







Approach to Sustainable Development

44.66%

Public

Shareholders

0.37%

SOCAM 

Development Limited 

54.97%

Shui On Group

China Xintiandi 

Co. Ltd.

Feng Cheng 

Property Management 

Ltd.

Shui On 

Construction 

Co. Ltd

Shui On 

Investment 

Management

2

References to “SOL”, “us”, “our” or “we” refer to Shui On Land, Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries and the businesses carried on by such subsidiaries, except where the 

context makes it clear otherwise. References to “the Group” refer to Shui On Land, Limited as well as the other companies of Shui On Group.

3

The Shui On Group was founded in 1971 and is headquartered in Hong Kong. It is principally engaged in property development, construction and construction materials with 

interests in Hong Kong and the Chinese Mainland.Shui On Land is headquartered in Shanghai and listed on the HKEX.

Shui On Land

12 Shui On Land Limited


Our Corporate Philosophy and Culture

Shui On Land aspires to world-class standards of excellence in management, planning, execution, and 

corporate governance. We achieve this by embracing our corporate mission, our vision, core values and 

tying in our philosophy of ‘cooperating with the government to promote prosperity, growing together with the 

community’. 

Mission

To become a 

leading commercial 

focussed real estate 

developer, owner, 

and asset manager 

in China.

Corporate

Vision

To become a pioneer of 

sustainable premium 

urban communities.

Core Values

The Shui On Spirit:

Dedication

Excellence

Innovation

Integrity

2020 Sustainable Development Report 13


This Report (‘the Report’) aims to provide a balanced representation of our ESG performance under the newly 

launched 5C Strategy. It covers the reporting period of 1 January to 31 December 2020 of Shui On Land 

Limited and our four subsidiaries; China Xintiandi Co. Ltd., Shanghai Feng Cheng Property Management 

Limited, Shui On Construction Co. Ltd. and Shui On Investment Management Limited. 

This Report has complied with all “comply or explain” provisions and has reported on all materially relevant 

recommended disclosures outlined in the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide issued by 

HKEX. This Report references select disclosures, or parts of their content, from the Global Reporting Initiative 

(GRI) Standards 2016 framework. It also references disclosures in consideration of internationally recognised 

reporting frameworks such as the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and the Task Force 

on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). We have found these frameworks to be instrumental in 

structuring this Report and in making the information we provide more relevant and accessible to our intended 

audiences. 

A content index is available in the Appendix as a tool to help readers easily locate relevant information within 

the Report, as well as other locations in which we discuss ESG-related performance and information including 

our past and 2020 Annual Reports.  It is recommended to read this Report in conjunction with the 2020 Annual 

Report, the Sustainable Development Chapter contained therein, as well as the Corporate Governance and the 

Sustainable Development sections of the Shui On Land website. 

To ensure a comprehensive understanding of our SD journey over the years, a summary of our 2020 ESG 

performance relative to various quantitative KPIs, with comparison to 2018 and 2019, are disclosed in the 

Performance Summary section. Information of the standards, methodologies, assumptions and/or calculation 

references, are stated wherever appropriate. As far as reasonably practicable, consistent methodologies have 

been adopted when calculating these KPIs and any changes that affect a meaningful comparison have been 

stated. 

A non-exhaustive list of strategic targets from the 5C Strategy has also been included in each ‘C’ section to 

provide a sense of our intended direction as related to sustainable development. 

 







About this Report

14 Shui On Land Limited


Stakeholder Engagement

At Shui On Land, we believe that consistent stakeholder engagement is important for developing and 

maintaining strong relationships which enable us to understand our stakeholders’ unique needs, perceptions, 

and concerns. As such, we are committed to regularly engaging with our stakeholders regarding SD issues. 

Beyond for ESG reporting purposes, we promote two-way communication and respond to stakeholders’ 

expectations and requirements through direct action and strategic integration, and work with all our 

stakeholder groups to drive our sustainable business development.

There are six key stakeholder groups that we have identified to either have a significant impact on or are 

significantly impacted by, our performance. We engage in regular dialogue with these stakeholder groups:

Our Key 

Stakeholders

Relationship and channels of engagement

Governmental 

and regulatory authorities

Maintaining good cooperation with local and national level governmental entities enables us to 

successfully operate our business and also allows us to grow the impact of our SD initiatives via 

collaboration and support from local government entities.

·Frequent general meetings, notices, circulars, and announcements

·Regular corporate publications including financial statements

Shareholders

As owners of the company we listen to their concerns as part of our fiduciary duty and to ensure 

alignment in our common interests of nurturing an adaptive, resilient business.

·Regularly disclose information on our business

·Convene general meetings regularly, issue annual reports

Tenants and Customers

Our business depends on the satisfaction of our customers, so we listen carefully to their concerns 

and respond to their evolving preferences. 

·Customer satisfaction surveys

·Collect feedback from front line staff who interact with tenants and customers

Investment partners

As an asset manager, we have many investment and cooperation partners who are co-owners of the 

assets we manage.  It is important to listen to their concerns and to align understanding and strategy 

with them.

·Regular quarterly, interim and annual reports, and meetings

·Ad hoc strategic meetings

Suppliers

As a developer and asset manager of real estate we have many suppliers of materials and products. 

By working closely with our suppliers and engaging with them on SD objectives, we can grow the 

impact of our SD initiatives.

·Regular supplier review and assessments

·Lectures/trainings (especially EHS trainings) for suppliers and contractors

Staff

Staff are the core of our business and it is essential that we listen to their concerns, needs and ideas 

so that we can hire and retain the best talent.

·Annual employee engagement surveys 

·Townhall, lunchtime sharing with senior management, and focus group meetings 

    whenever needed

·Employee communication channels

Society and 

the public

It is important for us to listen to the public and address their concerns and requests so that we may 

achieve our corporate vision and mission.

·Whistleblower channels including email and telephone

·Feedback collected from front line staff who interact with the public

※ Channels of engagement listed are non-exhaustive

2020 Sustainable Development Report 15


As part of the 5C Strategy development process in 2020, and in addition to our regular engagement activities, 

we sought to gain a clear understanding of what our material ESG topics are, and learn from best practices 

and trends in the industry. We engaged with a variety of stakeholder groups, namely key employees, suppliers, 

investors, and business partners to learn of their opinions of various material ESG topics and to ensure 

that their insights and expectations are accounted for. The engagement exercise comprised 20 interviews 

with 13 internal and seven external stakeholders as well as an internal staff survey with a response from 

239 participants. The external stakeholders interviewed were selected based on their significance and 

importance to SOL. The insights from these stakeholders helped us to understand and develop the high-

level commitments and strategic objectives that are included in the 5C Strategy. Notable topics and concerns 

raised during this engagement have been shared below. 

Key topics and concerns raised and our responses:

 







About this Report

From investors

Investor

The board cannot be an echo chamber. Boards should have members that do their job well in a crisis. We want 

to see how INEDs contribute. Compensation needs to also be well aligned (instead of being motivated by share 

price).

SOL's 

response

SOL’s INEDs provide a spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge, and professionalism to the Board 

to ensure it functions efficiently and effectively. Their active participation in the Board and the Board Committee 

meetings brings independent judgment on issues relating to our strategies, performance, and management 

processes.  The INEDs sit on a number of board level committees including the Audit and Risk Committee which 

is comprised entirely of INEDs.

Investor

Energy efficiency and climate change have become increasingly important. We want to see climate change 

considerations clearly incorporated into building design. TCFD is a huge driver and motivator to get companies 

on the right track.

SOL's 

response

Tackling climate change is a high priority at SOL and it is key to the Clean component of our 5C strategy. While 

we have achieved our 5-year 2021 emissions reduction goals one year ahead of schedule, we are still working 

on finding more ways to reduce our emissions. At the same time, we recognise that climate-related disclosures 

have become increasingly important and we will be steadily improving on this in coming years. Also, as of March 

20201, we have committed to setting science-based targets for all our emissions. 

A

B

From SOL employees

Employee

Employees’ understanding of sustainability is very different than the outlook that leadership has. To address this, 

we need better training – so that we can gain a deeper understanding of sustainability beyond KPIs, so that we 

can be more proactive when implementing the 5C Strategy.

SOL's 

response

Beyond KPIs, we have a variety of outreach programmes available for our staff on ESG-related topics. Also, 

improvements to training have been incorporated as targets in the 5C strategy, so in coming years there will 

be an increase in upskilling our team - from informal sharing and learning sessions to inviting employees to 

participate in various 5C initiatives.

Employee

We do not have a systematic approach to tracking our community engagement - e.g., how many hours we 

volunteered, impact, etc. I hope that in 2021 we improve this and create alignment with our projects.

SOL's 

response

One of our key workstreams for 2021 is to improve SD data collection and management, including tracking 

community engagement activities. This will enable us to better measure our impact and to further improve our 

approach to community engagement in coming years.

A

B

16 Shui On Land Limited


The responsibility of more formal stakeholder engagement on SD issues sits with the Sustainability Committee 

who generally encourages engagement during the annual report cycle and also throughout the year on as 

needed basis.  In addition, various departments receive regular feedback directly from stakeholders and 

relevant matters are raised to the Sustainability Committee via the SD Executive Committee, 5C Working and 

Communications teams. The Board is informed by the Sustainability Committee, on an as-needed basis.

The contents of this Report draw upon the insights gained from our many stakeholder engagements in 

2020. The feedback we have received from our key stakeholder groups have informed several aspects of this 

Report and the 5C Strategy and are consistent with the material ESG topics to which we have identified in the 

following section. 

Material ESG Topics

•     Broad economic, social, and/or environmental interests and topics raised by stakeholders such

      as employees, suppliers, and local community groups 

•     Broad-based societal expectations that were not identified directly from stakeholder

      engagement feedback

•     Consequences for our organisation relating to our impacts on the economy, the environment,

      and society (for example, risks to our business model or reputation)

•     Key organisational values, policies, strategies, and operational management systems

•     Laws, regulations, international agreements, and voluntary agreements of strategic significance

      to our organisation and stakeholders

•     The core competencies of our employees and how they can contribute to sustainable 

      development

Expanding upon the materiality assessment conducted in 2019, members of our SD Executive 

Committee conducted an in-depth review of the material ESG-related topics most important to 

Shui On Land in 2020. To assess the importance of each topic, a combination of internal and 

external factors were taken into consideration, including:

We also conducted a peer benchmarking exercise to gauge the material topics that industry 

peers and competitors report on. This added further insight into the general trends and 

challenges within the industry. We also reviewed updates or newly mandated regulations and 

international agreements of strategic significance to inform the material topics. Lastly, high-

level frameworks including SASB, the TCFD Recommendations, and the SDGs were assessed 

to inform both materiality and address climate-related risks both on and by our operations.

A key component to the 2020 stakeholder engagement exercise was to request stakeholders to 

rank in terms of importance to the business:

•     Our past material topics from the 2019 SD report

•     Material topics of peers/competitors 

•     Material topics from the SASB Real Estate Owners, Developers and Investment Trusts and

       Asset Management &amp; Custody Activities Standards of 2016 

2020 Sustainable Development Report 17


We consolidated and grouped topics where appropriate, arriving at a set of 19 topics for ranking and 

discussion. During this process, it was determined that the topic of ‘Cultural preservation and exchange’ 

ought to be divided into three separate topics of ‘Heritage conservation and urban regeneration’, ‘Creative 

expression’, and ‘International cultural exchange.’ We then convened senior leaders to review the ranking 

results, from this discussion two topics were removed from the list and were replaced based on the perceived 

importance to the strategic direction of our SD efforts. The results yielded the following set of material ESG 

topics:

As shown in the diagram above – the larger the box indicates a higher ranking - the top 

three topics found of greatest importance to our business and stakeholders are ‘green and 

healthy buildings’, ‘emissions management’, and ‘master planning’. 

Material ESG Topics

（Ranked according to importance to business and stakeholders）

Of relevance beyond sustainability reporting, the topics found in the materiality assessment were used as a 

baseline to determine suitable priority areas for the 5C Strategy and associated action plan development.

Clean

Community

Culture

Care

Corporate Governance 

 







About this Report

Emissions 

management

Green and healthy 

buildings

Master planning

Training and 

development

Occupational 

health and safety

Employee 

wellbeing

Indoor 

air quality

Innovation and 

entrepreneurship

Tenant and 

customer 

wellbeing and 

safety

Diversity 

and equal 

opportunities

Climate change 

mitigation and 

adaptation

Value chain 

management and 

engagement

Emergency 

preparedness

Creative 

expression

Waste 

management

Business 

ethics and anti-

corruption

International 

cultural 

exchange

Heritage 

conservation 

and urban 

regeneration

Water 

conservation

18 Shui On Land Limited


Boundary

We recognise that various ESG topics may affect our business and our stakeholders differently. We have 

mapped how each material ESG topic links to the 5C Strategy core components and indicated their respective 

area of influence – whether internal or external or both - below:

Boundaries and areas of influence of material ESG topics

Endorsement and Approval

This Report was endorsed by the SD Committee and approved by the Board in May 2021. 

Contact and Feedback

Your feedback is valuable to our continuous improvement and we welcome any comments and suggestions 

you may have on this Report or our ESG reporting in general. Please share any comments or suggestions 

regarding our ESG performance to :  sustainabledevelopment@shuion.com.cn

Indoor air quality

Green and healthy buildings

Water conservation

Climate change 

mitigation and adaptation

Tenant and customer 

wellbeing and safety

Volunteering

Emergency preparedness

Corporate governance

Business ethics 

and anti-corruption

Employee wellbeing

Waste management

Emissions management

Value chain management 

and engagement

Master planning

Innovation and 

entrepreneurship

Heritage conservation 

and urban regeneration

Creative expression

International cultural exchange

Training and development

Occupational 

health and 

safety

Diversity and equal opportunities

ESG Topics

Care

Corporate 

Governance

Internal

Clean

Culture

Community

External

2020 Sustainable Development Report 19


2020 – At a Glance

Our Performance in 2020

 







About this Report





2030 

 5C Sustainable  

Development  

Strategy











Care 

C

o

r

p

o

r

a

t

e

 

G

o

v

e

r

n

a

n

c

e

C

u

lt

u

r

e

C

le

a

n

C

o

m

m

u

ni

ty

Community

Transition towards carbon 

neutrality, leading with 

climate change mitigation and 

adaptation practices and by 

increasing our capabilities to 

manage and reduce emissions 

across our entire portfolio

For all our communities to 

encourage and enable healthy, 

sustainable living and to make 

our community sustainability 

practices among the best in 

China

Clean

Ambition

Ambition

2020 Highlights

2020 Highlights

Embed health and sustainability into our 

Enhance partnerships and engagement for 

thriving sustainable communities:

Signature initiative : Encourage and 

enable consumers to make healthy 

and sustainable choices and to take on 

a “Green Monday-plant based diet” 

initiative by engaging all F&amp;B tenants to 

provide a vegetarian “green” menu

Strengthen an innovative and entrepreneurial 

ecosystem

Priorities and Signature Initiatives

Transition towards carbon neutrality

Signature initiative: Adopt Science Based 

targets and commit to setting emissions 

reduction target in line with limiting global 

warming to well below 2°C. Further pursue 

for 1.5°C campaign in the future

Build green and healthy communities

Signature initiative  : 1) Pursue dual 

sustainability and health certiﬁcations 

(WELL+ LEED and/or Chinese equivalent) 

for our controlled operating commercial 

assets; 2) Pursue LEED ND certiﬁcate for 

all our master plan communities

Reduce waste in our portfolio

Priorities and Signature Initiatives



Become a trusted partner for all 

stakeholders by nurturing a corporate 

culture of integrity, transparency, and 

accountability

Ambition

2020 Highlights

Corporate Governance

To achieve our vision, 

we have crafted the 2030 5C SD Strategy, by which 

our strategic priorities, known as the “the 5Cs”: 

Clean, Community, Culture, Care and Corporate 

Governance will point the way for the Group’s 

sustainable future toward 2030 and beyond. 

Enhance the vibrancy 

and authenticity of our 

communities through urban 

regeneration, architectural 

heritage conservation, 

promotion of local creative 

talents and international 

cultural exchange

Ambition

Culture

Rejuvenate urban, cultural heritage sites

Signature initiative :  Become a thought 

leader in the urban planning and real 

estate sector on urban regeneration 

through preservation and adaptive reuse 

of historic buildings and districts

Engage, connect, and promote local creativity 

with future business opportunities

Signature initiative : Created in China 

(featuring the ‘Creators 100’ programme 

which promotes and spotlights local 

creators)

Promote international cultural diversity and 

exchange

Signature initiative: Enhance global 

cultural exchange in China through 

developing and operating  signature IP 

events across our portfolio

Priorities and Signature Initiatives

Provide all employees with equal 

opportunities for holistic career 

development, while maintaining 

the highest health and safety 

standards in the workplace and 

ensuring openness to diversity 

of thought and innovation – 

enabling them to be accountable 

members of society

Provide equal opportunities in training &amp; 

development

Signature initiative : Develop SOL Talent 

Development program and enhance our 

employer branding for talent attraction 

and retention 

Create a diverse and inclusive workplace

Signature initiative : Target to be included 

in the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 

(GEI) as an industry leader in promoting 

gender equality;

Ensure health and safety for all

Improve employee wellbeing

Ambition

2020 Highlights

Priorities and Signature Initiatives

Care

* Compared to 2011

Achieved our objective to decrease carbon 

emissions intensity by 33.3% by 2021* 

15% decrease in Scope 1 and 2 carbon 

emissions intensity from 2019, 41% 

decrease from the baseline of 2011

3,764 tonnes of waste diverted from landﬁll 

and sent to recycling 

30% decrease in water intensity from 2019

17% decrease in energy intensity from 2019

Launched the 2030 5C Sustainable 

Development Strategy 

Published ﬁrst Green Bond Report

Over RMB 13 million donated to local 

charities

 

10 million RMB donated to the Wuhan Red 

Cross for COVID-19 relief 

Over 2,100 volunteer hours contributed 

545 new suppliers from Mainland China

100% of new suppliers screened using 

social criteria

95% overall residential customer 

satisfaction rate 

Gender split – 53:47 male/female 

average ratio

21.8 average hours of employee 

development training provided

19% turnover rate, a decrease from 22% 

last year

88.8% of female and 94.5% of male 

employees attended training sessions

100% of operational staff received 

job-speciﬁc training 



















































































































































20 Shui On Land Limited

2020 Sustainable Development Report 21


For our communities

Operating responsibly in challenging times

No doubt, 2020 was a very challenging year for all of us. We experienced extreme flooding in Wuhan and 

Chongqing, and of course, were directly affected by the COVID-19 pandemic throughout the year. The outbreak 

of COVID-19 has impacted the global economy and disrupted social activities, with a significant knock-on effect 

on the property industry and the Group’s business. Our properties in Wuhan city were hit hard as the city was 

fully locked down until early April. Other properties in our portfolio also suffered substantially lower shopper 

traffic and sales at the onset of the outbreak. 

When government restrictions were put in place across the country to control the spread of COVID-19, we knew 

the wellbeing of our team and communities would be affected. However, we have seen that strong relationships 

and trust are essential for carrying a company, its employees, and local communities through difficult times and 

throughout the year we have been determined to do our best to be of help wherever possible. 

From flooding across China to a global pandemic, difficulties encountered during 2020 have also been 

considered as an opportunity to learn and prepare for the future. The difficulties of fighting the pandemic 

have thoroughly tested our management capability, operations efficiency, and crisis management 

readiness. However, together with our dedicated team, brand strength, as well as sustainable, people-centric 

developments and solid financial fundamentals, we were able to prevail during this challenging time. 

Helped raise, together with the New 

Frontier and the United Family Healthcare, 

RMB 6 million (RMB 500,000 raised by 

SOL’s staff alone) to purchase medical 

supplies, including PPE and masks, for 

Leishenshan and Wuhan Zhongnan 

Hospitals

Donated RMB 10 million to the Wuhan 

Red Cross to purchase medical supplies 

to support frontline medical workers 

For our employees, 

tenants, residents, and customers

Introduced measures to fully sanitise our 

premises and added health screening 

measures for the safety of all our 

employees, tenants, and customers

Provided approximately RMB 500 million 

in rental concessions and relief measures 

to tenants  

Set up a “COVID Caring Hut” at Xintiandi 

where medical consultants answered 

queries from tenants and employees, and 

provided pandemic prevention advice

Our Performance in 2020

 







22 Shui On Land Limited


































Clean

We have a long and unique history of pursuing 

environmental sustainability. Our master-planned 

mixed-use, pedestrian-friendly, heritage infused 

Shanghai Xintiandi development conceived back 

in 1996, was and still is a pioneer in sustainable 

community development. Since then, we have held 

onto a commitment to develop healthy and near 

carbon-neutral buildings with pioneering levels 

of energy efficiency and indoor air quality while 

reducing our waste and water, and mitigate climate-

related impacts and invest in climate-resilience 

planning as best we can. 

In 2020, with the onset of COVID-19 and in response 

to several natural disasters, much of our regular 

environmental impact has reduced. We spent 

fewer days on worksites, used fewer materials, 

and created less waste - and while several of our 

projects have been delayed, we are on track to 

resume regular operations by 2021. In coming years, 

in addition to responding to climate change and 

energy efficiency, we will work more closely with 

our tenants and local community groups to address 

efficient water use and waste disposal. In doing 

so, we expect to improve performance and meet or 

exceed international building standards throughout a 

building’s lifecycle.

Since the release of our Sustainable Development 

Policy and the formulation of the SD Committee 

in 2006, continually infusing sustainable building 

concepts from design to construction through 

operation has been a key management focus. 

For example, we rate our projects to ensure 

regulatory compliance and consider the frequency 

of non-compliance incidences, scope of influence, 

community attention/concern, control measures and 

methods. Aspects rated include air, water, noise, and 

soil pollution; solid waste management; resource 

consumption; community issues; and the overall 

health of the area. 

In 2012, we published the Six Major Guidelines of 

Sustainable Development which outlined our green 

building motivations and principles. The Guidelines 

were then updated for 2017-2021 in 2017. Ever 

since, our approach to environmental stewardship 

and resource management has been guided by 

those Guidelines and will be also now be guided by 

the 5C Strategy.  

2020 Sustainable Development Report 23


The initiatives and actions for ‘Clean’ are overseen by the Sustainability Committee and the ‘Clean’ Team (which 

comprises of staff from several departments) and in collaboration with the Business Development and Project 

teams, as well as representatives from the Leasing, Operations, Feng Cheng Property Management, Project 

Management and the Development Planning and Design departments. 

 







Our Performance in 2020

Transition towards 

carbon neutrality 

Adopt Science Based targets 

and commit to setting emissions 

reduction target in line with limiting 

global warming to well below 2°C. 

Further pursue efforts to sign onto 

the Business Ambition for 1.5°C 

campaign in the future

● Signature Initiative

● Signature Initiative





Reduce waste 

in our portfolio

Build green and 

healthy communities

Transition towards carbon 

neutrality, leading with 

climate change mitigation and 

adaptation practices and by 

increasing our capabilities to 

manage and reduce emissions 

Ambition

Pursue dual sustainability and health 

certifications (WELL+ LEED and/or Chinese 

equivalent) for our controlled operating 

commercial assets; Pursue LEED ND certificate 

for all our master plan communities

Pursue LEED ND certificate for all our master 

plan communitie

-

-

2030 Targets

Transition towards carbon 

neutrality across our operations and 

developments

Increase the proportion of total 

electricity consumption from renewable 

sources to 15%

4

Develop and adopt a company climate 

change policy to mitigate and adapt to 

potential risks

Be known for our human-centric building 

designs that meet or exceed international 

sustainability and health standards

100% new buildings achieve dual health 

and sustainability certifications

- 

4

This includes the electricity we would purchase from those certified renewable sources by the government.

24 Shui On Land Limited


 Emissions management

We started tracking our carbon emissions intensity in 2011 and have engaged a a third-party-TÜV 

Rheinland to verify the greenhouse gas emissions of our properties that are in regilar options. As 

verified by TÜV Rheinland, we have already achieved a 41% reduction since then. In 2020, our Mainland 

operations’ GHG emission intensity decreased by 15%. 

To meet our 2030 carbon reduction ambitions, in March 2021, we became the first China-based 

company in the real estate sector to commit to the Science Based Targets initiative. 

7 We will set targets 

in line with meeting the goals of the Paris Agreement to limit global warming to well below 2°C

8  making 

our best efforts to set targets that limit warming to 1.5°C.

 Climate change mitigation and adaptation

Beyond managing our own emissions, we actively support local government agencies and industry 

associations that promote climate mitigation. Throughout 2020, our efforts to mitigate our emissions 

and adapt to climate change included:

•     Reassessed and updated the company's risk inventory to include management of climate-

      related risks. This involved discussions on and a proposal for corresponding mitigation plans

      from the Clean working team to the company's Audit and Risk committee

•     Setting new science-based emission reduction targets (which start in 2021) and began 

       the process of verifying our Scope 3 carbon emissions 

•     Nanli completed a renovation project upgrading 20-year-old electromechanical systems 

      and replacing old air-cooled heat pumps with efficient cold and heat sources

2020 Highlights

 

 

 

 

 

 

































 

 

 

 

Achieved our 

objective to decrease 

carbon emissions 

intensity by 33.3% 

by 2021

5 

15% decrease 

in Scope 1 and 2 

carbon emissions 

intensity from 2019 

- a 41% decrease 

from the baseline 

year 2011  

18% decrease in 

energy intensity 

from 2019

30% decrease 

in water intensity 

from 2019

3,764 tonnes of 

waste diverted from 

landfill and sent to 

recycling

52% increase in 

overall Scope 1 

carbon emissions 

from 2019

6

Transition towards carbon neutrality

Reducing our carbon emissions is among our top priorities. We recognise our capacity to enhance the energy 

efficiency of our assets and are proactively developing efficiency strategies that can generate value for our 

business while reducing our carbon emissions intensity over time.

To support national policies and international efforts on carbon emissions, we have adopted effective building 

technologies and introduced energy-efficiency measures to reduce our carbon emissions. For example, both 

Xintiandi operations and Fengcheng property management continue to utilise energy consumption monitoring 

systems that embed energy conservation and emission reduction efforts into daily operations.

Further details about our approach to climate-related risk management can be found in the Incorporating ESG-related risks into 

enterprise risk management section.

5

Compared to 2011

6

Due to increase in property area under management

7

The Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) is a joint initiative by CDP, the UN Global Compact, the World Resources Institute and WWF intended to increase corporate ambition on 

climate action by mobilising companies to set GHG emission reduction targets consistent with the level of decarbonisation required by science to limit warming to less than 1.5ºC 

/ 2°C compared to preindustrial temperatures.

8

Well below 2°C is a term drawn directly from the Paris Agreement that calls for a global commitment to hold “the increase in the global average temperature to well below 2°C 

above pre-industrial levels and pursuing efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels.”

2020 Sustainable Development Report 25


Build green and healthy communities 

In addition to being green, health and wellness concepts have been incorporated into the design of our 

developments. Our green design techniques make the most of not only innovative sustainable technology but 

also cost-effective health and comfort aspects that are inviting to our customers and tenants. From indoor 

sunshades that lower power consumption and reduce the need for air conditioning to recovering exhaust air to 

preheat air in winter and to cool fresh air in summer – our focus is on building and maintaining buildings that 

are safe, healthy, and fun for people to live, work, play and enjoy. 

Inspired by the WELL Community Standard, embedded in our community designs are ten elements that 

improve users’ physical and mental health: air, water, nourishment, light, movement, thermal comfort, sound, 

materials, mind, and community. Wherever possible, we use eco-friendly materials, monitor indoor air quality, 

minimise construction noise, and keep construction induced erosion and sedimentation to a minimum. By 

combining these elements with our focus on cultural heritage and community, we build engaging spaces that 

uplift modern life.

We minimise our energy use by leveraging energy-efficient systems across our portfolio and currently, 12 of 

our commercial projects are equipped with energy consumption and water resource monitoring systems. We 

have also committed to meet China Green Building Label or LEED certification for all our new developments. 

Learn more about or approach in our Green Communities Healthy Living Brochure. 

In 2020 we consumed 124,889 MWh of energy, which is only a slight increase from 2019. Conversely, our 

overall energy intensity decreased to 62.16 MWh/1000m

2, a 17.78% reduction from 2019. 

                 Indoor air quality

Our approach to air quality management is centred around minimising PM2.5, TVOC and other 

pollutants, and we are committed to maintaining and improving air quality both in and near all our 

operations. We actively test the air quality within select buildings for PM2.5 levels and conduct indoor air 

quality tests before handing over each new residential unit to customers. 

In coming years, as guided by targets from the 5C Strategy, we will:

•     Ensure all residential units undergo air quality testing before delivery

•     Install indoor air quality monitoring systems in all commercial developments and will report on 

      overall indoor air quality metrics

                 Water conservation

Water management is essential to our operations and the well-being of the environment, so we 

are taking steps to steward sustainable water practices in our business. We incorporate design 

specifications when purchasing water systems, install online water meters and piping equipment, and 

install energy and water consumption monitoring systems throughout our developments. 

In 2020, we consumed 1,156,125 m

3 of water and our overall water intensity was 575.39 m

3/1000 m

2. 

In coming years, as guided by the 5C Strategy, we aim to:

•     Complete a water risk assessment and establish a water management policy

•     Implement and report progress on a water risk mitigation plan

 







Our Performance in 2020

26 Shui On Land Limited


THE HUB: 2020 ULI Asia Pacific Awards for Excellence

In September 2020, the Urban Land Institute awarded our THE 

HUB(Hongqiao Tiandi) development the 2020 ULI Asia Pacific 

Award for Excellence for outstanding performance in diversified 

land use and business practices. We are delighted by the 

recognition as we designed THE HUB with the ambition of building 

a healthy and near carbon-neutral development, with pioneering 

levels of energy efficiency, indoor air quality, and human-centric 

design usability. All nine buildings in the complex received LEED 

and/or China Green Building Label green building certifications and 

all three office buildings have obtained LEED CS Gold certification. 

THE HUB sits at the heart of the Hongqiao Business District in west Shanghai. The first “urban 

transportation hub” project of Shui On Land, the multifunctional complex easily connects the 

commercial and business district with the Yangtze River Delta region.  Connected to the Shanghai 

Hongqiao International airport, high-speed railway station, and local subway system via pedestrian 

walkways – THE HUB is full of spaces that ease connectivity and integrate user-friendly design 

aspects, including:

•     Multiple levels of open public areas with 40% covered by vegetation and each building has

       a green roof.

•     Buildings are equipped with multifunctional devices, such as combined cooling, thermal 

      power, energy-saving electrical and mechanical systems, sustainable building shell design, 

      solar water heating systems, heat recovery systems, and so on. 

•     Indoor carbon dioxide sensors and low volatile organic compounds within the building

      materials are used to monitor and improve air quality respectively.

At every stage of the 

development process, 

including project planning, 

design, construction, 

and operation life cycle 

management – we have 

integrated our distinct 

green and healthy building 

approaches – and we are 

proud to have created a 

landmark complex that is 

being recognised for our 

sustainable design efforts.

Spotlight



THE HUB





2020 Sustainable Development Report 27


Reduce waste in our portfolio

The development and operation of buildings can create large quantities of waste, which we manage as best 

we can. We seek to reduce, reuse, and recycle our waste whenever feasible, minimising our contribution to 

landfills. Our waste is always handled according to applicable national and provincial laws and regulations, and 

we aim to exceed legal requirements as best we can. We separate waste at source and send paper, plastic, tin, 

and other recyclable products to recycling. Within our offices and construction sites, we raise awareness of 

waste management best practices and provide signage and waste and recycling bins in our developments to 

educate the public about the importance of waste collection and recycling.

In 2020, across our portfolio, we generated 93,407 tonnes of wet, dry, and construction waste. We saw a 

decrease of 24% for construction waste compared to 2019 and diverted 3,764 tonnes of recyclable products 

from landfill. We also proactively responded to the Shanghai, Nanjing, Wuhan, Chongqing, and Foshan citywide 

garbage classification and restrictions on disposable plastics policies, taking measures to improve our internal 

guidelines on the use of single-use plastics to help our tenants reduce their reliance on plastics within their 

own operations. 

We acknowledge we are only beginning our work in this area and seek to improve our performance in waste 

reduction and management over time. In coming years, we will be making efforts to minimise the amount 

of waste produced during construction and by our properties, monitor the amount of waste generated, and 

appropriately manage waste production. In coming years, as guided by the 5C Strategy, we aim to:

•     Establish a construction policy for reducing, reusing, and disposing of waste materials on-site

•     Install water stations (water fountains plus bottle refill) providing occupants with free, high-quality 

      filtered water in all commercial retail spaces

Leading the industry on 

green building best practices

SOL is an active participant among organisations developing codes, standards, and guidelines for 

improving safety, energy efficiency, and advancing sustainable building best practices in China. 

Some examples of our involvement include:

•    Our Executive Director Allan Zhang is the vice-chairman of the Shanghai Green Building

     Council

•    Our colleagues from project management and Fengcheng Property are members of the

     Association's Green Operation Technical Committee

•    We have also developed the “Shanghai Healthy Building Evaluation Standards” with the

     Shanghai Green Building Association, and the “Green Development Evaluation Standards

     for Real Estate Enterprises” with the China Real Estate Association

We believe that active participation and leadership in sustainable building practices help bring the 

industry forward in an ethical and future-oriented way. 

 







Our Performance in 2020

Spotlight

28 Shui On Land Limited








































































Community

It is our ambition to create and shape communities 

that thrive today and for years to come. We want all 

our built communities to engage and inspire healthy, 

sustainable living. As such, we are committed 

to incorporating sustainable design elements 

that enhance liveability while also creating highly 

connected and accessible communities. We are 

also motivated to become an industry leader in 

master planning and in driving innovation and 

entrepreneurship ecosystems throughout China. We 

achieve this by focussing on the wants and needs 

of our communities and embedding health and 

sustainability considerations into every aspect of our 

service offering. We do not do this alone, so we also 

continually seek out ways to enhance partnerships 

and engagement across our value chain so that 

our entire industry can be elevated together. At the 

same time, we strive for industry best practice in 

tenant and customer safety and well-being and to 

fully engage everyone in our value chain on our SD 

journey.



Boot Sale Market in THE HUB

2020 Sustainable Development Report 29


 







The initiatives and actions for ‘Community’ are overseen by the SD Committee and the ‘Community’ Team 

(which comprises staff from several departments) and in collaboration with the Development Planning and 

Design, Community Innovation, Operations, Leasing, Marketing departments. 

Our Performance in 2020

Strengthen an 

innovative and 

entrepreneurial 

ecosystem

● Signature Initiative

Embed health and 

sustainability into 

our online-merge-

offline community 

experience

Enhance 

partnerships 

and engagement 

for thriving 

communities 

For all our communities to 

encourage and enable healthy, 

sustainable living and to make 

our community sustainability 

practices among the best in China

Ambition

Encourage and enable consumers to 

make healthy and sustainable choices 

and to take on a “green Monday-plant 

based diet” initiative by engaging all 

F&amp;B tenants to provide a vegetarian 

“green” menu

2030 Targets

100% of the indoor air quality in the 

common areas of our buildings to 

meet or exceed the IAQ mainland 

Chinese standard

100% adoption of green pledge by 

all tenants to enable a healthy and 

sustainable community. Contents of the 

pledge to include the elimination of single 

use plastics as well as the reduction of 

water and electricity consumption

Design and curate programmes 

for inclusive, human scale public 

spaces that improve the vibrancy and 

liveability of our communities

Promote and/ or incubate over 100 

start-ups or local creative businesses 

within our community

30 Shui On Land Limited


 







































































 

1,300

545

 







































































1,300







































































 

1,300

545

Embed health and sustainability into the community experienc

We like bringing people together and our live-work-play-learn community development concepts have been 

specially designed to help bring whole communities together and to build bonds between our employees and 

other stakeholders. The trust of our customers has been earned by our high-quality building services, diligent 

after-sales service, and emphasis on health and safety. 

We do all this by coordinating a range of activities, 

held annually or on an ongoing basis. In 2020 this 

included:

•    Launching the 2020AW Fashion Campaign, 

where we encouraged the recycling of used clothing 

among participants and collected 107 kgs of old 

clothing which were then donated to Feimayi, an 

online clothes recycling platform created by Alibaba.

•    Promoting a plastic-free lifestyle during "TIANDI 

Restaurant Week" where we encouraged tenants to 

offer non-plastic options for cutlery and packaging. 

•    Hosting the “Better Moments Make the World 

Smile" campaign in Shanghai Xintiandi, to raise 

awareness on how to live a low-carbon and 

sustainable lifestyle. 

2020 Highlights

Over 2,100 

volunteer hours 

contributed 

95% overall 

residential 

customer 

satisfaction rate

100% of new 

suppliers screened 

using social criteria

545 new 

suppliers from 

Mainland China

Over 

RMB 13 million 

donated to 

local charities



Share green plants with white-collar workers on 

World Earth Day to promote sustainable green lifestyle.

2020 Sustainable Development Report 31


 Master planning

We believe that buildings that bring comfort to both body and mind are timeless and that great 

communities are best built by addressing urban issues and creating inclusive spaces that bring people 

together. As such, we are committed to leading the industry in master planning and our approach to this 

is to keep human-centric design at the core of every decision. 

The SOL master planning process is applied to developments - from a 50-hectare multi-phased 

community development to a single block urban regeneration challenge, no matter the size or scope of 

the project, our intentions remain the same.

In coming years, as guided by targets from the 5C Strategy, we aim to:

•    Attain LEED New Development Gold and WELL Community Gold level certifications for all large 

     master planned projects 

•    Establish an in-house R&amp;D/innovation lab for master planning and urban renovation

 







 Tenant and customer wellbeing and safety

We always do our best to ensure the wellbeing and safety of anyone who comes into one of our 

developments or enjoys our services. Recognising the needs of our clients and providing products and 

services that are healthier, more comfortable, and environmentally-friendly are important elements 

of our customer-service oriented culture. Understanding and responding to our customers’ changing 

needs and consistently improving the customer experience is critical to the ongoing relevance and 

reputation of our brand, products, and services. 

When it comes to the security and protection of customer information, our Personal Information 

Security Management System clearly outlines protocols and protection standards for personal 

information. We also provide training for our employees on information security. In 2020, all SOL 

employees completed the company’s information security online learning module. We also conducted 

quarterly phishing email tests and required those who failed to avoid phishing emails to re-attend the 

information security training. 

Our Performance in 2020

The key to achieving this lies in:

Community 

Sustainability

Positive community 

influence

Cultural elements

Landmark 

public spaces

Mixed-use

Pedestrian and public 

transit friendly 

32 Shui On Land Limited


Renovating health into 

our Shanghai Headquarters

With the intention to create a healthy and comfortable working environment for employees, 

we undertook a half-year renovation of our headquarters in Shanghai. A key challenge of the 

renovation was to upgrade the old, poorly designed air conditioning system to ensure that the 

air quality in the building met WELL requirements. We increased the filtration level of the air 

conditioning system, installed additional ceiling air purifiers, and purchased floor air purifiers. 

In addition, we used ventilation fans and activated carbon to optimise the air quality after the 

construction. 

The space now embodies the concept of Activity Based Working, offering four types of work 

spaces, 10 types of meeting spaces and several multi-functional spaces to encourage an open, 

innovative, and collaborative working atmosphere. Exciting new features from the renovation:

•    The air quality of the whole office is publicly displayed in real time using a web-based

platform that monitors performance over time

•    NSF-certified, the highest-grade direct drinking water dispenser available, have been installed

with filters that remove copper, lead, and 1.5um suspended solids, and are equipped with

reverse osmosis and UV disinfection systems

•    Drinking water points are available within 30 meters of any work station to facilitate 

employees’ access to drinking water at any time

•    The interior design is laid out to allow adequate daylight access and a good view for all 

occupants 

•    All workstations use sit-stand desks with three levels of height adjustment and liftable 

ergonomic seats

•    Individual employees can control the temperature around them using nearby smart 

thermostats that learn over time to predict and regulate the thermal environment to the

satisfaction of employees

•    Low-noise machines and equipment, double-layer double-sided gypsum board (8cm thick

internal layer) and partitions reduce 

external noises as much as possible

In 2020, the International WELL Building 

Institute™ awarded our headquarters 

with its highest level of WELL Platinum 

certification for healthy buildings. We 

believe that being WELL certified as a 

healthy building will further inspire us 

to continue to innovate and develop 

sustainable, smart, healthy, and people-

oriented buildings and communities for 

years to come. 

Spotlight





Project lighthouse

2020 Sustainable Development Report 33


 Volunteering

We support local community groups via charitable donations and volunteering with a focus on 

supporting underprivileged local community groups and migrant children across China. 

Due to the unprecedented events of 2020, we reassessed our plans for employee volunteering and 

reallocated much of our budget to health and safety efforts for our employees and our surrounding 

communities. This entailed support focused on recovery efforts from flooding in Wuhan and Chongqing 

as well as relief efforts for COVID-19. Throughout the year, we contributed RMB 13,353,671 to local 

charities and NGOs. 

We also encouraged our employees to volunteer for community service programmes (while still 

observing social distancing measures). In 2020, our employees dedicated a combined total of 2,192 

volunteer hours. Up from 360 hours in 2019, this was made possible by an increase in both events and 

level of interest and engagement by our staff. A signature activity was a Second-Hand Charity Fair held 

to raise funds for migrant children in November where 25 staff members donated 196 items and raised 

over RMB 13,000.

Assessing our impact

In coming years, as part of our 5C Strategy, we will conduct a social impact assessment to 

analyse, monitor and review the impact of the ESG programmes and activities more effectively 

and gain a better understanding of the true needs of the local community members most in 

need of our support. We will also provide relevant training to employees about our findings 

from the assessment and to better equip them with the skills needed to communicate with 

targeted stakeholder groups more effectively. 

 







Our Performance in 2020

34 Shui On Land Limited


Seagull Club

A signature 2020 community engagement event was our Seagull Club Charity Walk, held in 

October on Changxing Island. Walking a cumulative 2,000 kilometres, over 160 employees and 

their families helped raise over RMB 52,000 to provide financial support to migrant children in 

Shanghai. 

The Seagull Club is a keystone community project that focuses on: 

Caring for underprivileged children by offering education, 

protection and social integration support.

Financial support

Charity Walk

Activity support

Voluntary activities

We set up a 

Seagull Home 

in Shanghai  

providing social 

services for 

children in 

poverty; we plan 

to set this up in 

other cities too

In October 

every year, we 

raise funds and 

encourage our 

employees to 

participate in 

this event

We provide 

holiday themed 

activities and 

hot meals 

exclusively for 

children at the 

Seagull Home

We provide 

classes for 

children at 

Seagull Home 

taught by 

volunteer SOL 

team members

Feedback from participants

of participants shared 

that the experience 

helped improve their 

understanding of 

the plight of migrant 

children

our staff showed 

appreciation of 

SOL taking part in 

this type of CSR 

activity.

75%

84%

Spotlight

Via:

2020 Sustainable Development Report 35


Enhance partnerships and engagement

Every year we partner with over 4,000 suppliers including construction contractors, professional consultants, 

and other service providers. These suppliers are a vital component of our supply chain and enable our ability to 

develop quality developments and services for our customers. As such, we maintain strong relationships with 

them so that they are motivated to operate in a manner that is consistent with our values and sustainability 

standards. 

We understand that every supply chain has social and environmental impacts and we have taken 

proactive steps to identify the most significant ESG-related challenges within our own supply chain. We 

have implemented stringent supplier selection and evaluation criteria that encompass a range of social, 

environmental, and quality screening parameters. In 2008, we developed a "Health, Safety and Environment 

Handbook" which outlines our social and environmental standards and requirements and is used as evaluation 

criteria when we select suppliers. It covers topics such as construction safety management, construction site 

environmental protection, temporary facilities, worker welfare, etc. 

In 2013, we established a comprehensive supplier evaluation system to help our suppliers increase their 

capacity to meet our sustainability standards. We require our suppliers and vendors to comply with our Code 

of Conduct and Business Ethics by including a standard clause on all relevant service agreements/contracts 

requiring, to the extent applicable, suppliers/vendors be familiar with and to abide by the Code or other similar 

relevant clauses which are relevant to their work with us. Failure to do so will result in a breach of contract. As 

most of our suppliers are China-based, the impact is mainly limited to within Mainland China. We evaluate the 

performance of our project contractors and suppliers every quarter and all of them passed our performance 

evaluation. To our knowledge, no negative social impacts were found in our supply chain in 2020.

We select and evaluate new suppliers through on-site office and plant inspections. We also evaluate new 

suppliers quarterly to ensure their performance. At the development level, we require all project leads to strictly 

inspect and evaluate supplier performance as needed. We register new suppliers with relevant performance 

evaluation in our supplier database. The Project Management and Cost Management Teams are responsible 

for reviewing the database and conducting inspections as and when needed. In 2020, we welcomed 545 new 

suppliers to our supply chain and 100% of them – including contractors, general suppliers, and government 

supporting facilities - were screened using social criteria from our supplier evaluation system. 

We also leverage our strong relationships with tenants and customers to increase our impact along the value 

chain by increasing awareness and providing and promoting sustainable options such as reusing existing 

buildouts in commercial spaces. In 2021 we will be engaging our tenants and customers about low carbon 

living by rolling out a plant-based food initiative across our portfolio.

In coming years, as part of our 5C Strategy, we will continue to build strong partnerships and engagement 

programmes with our stakeholders to inspire healthy, sustainable living. We will be working on:

•    Building a sustainable business network to support 30 companies that focus on ‘living cities’ 

•    Requiring all Tier 1 Suppliers (and strategy partners) to sign an ESG Code of Conduct 

•    Developing a SOL Standards for Materials and Processes Guideline to support all suppliers, contractors,

      and partners who work with SOL to meet the company’s sustainability standards

 







Our Performance in 2020

36 Shui On Land Limited


Strengthen an innovative and entrepreneurial ecosystem

We believe that to be a sustainable business, innovation and entrepreneurship must be encouraged in-

tandem so that community-based improvements can become pervasive and benefit society at large. We 

also recognise that innovation plays an important role in addressing critical social and environmental issues. 

Knowing this, we seek to strengthen the innovation and entrepreneurial ecosystem among the communities 

in which we operate. We see innovation as a necessary tool for growth and we nurture local innovators and 

entrepreneurs via a range of support platforms, such as:

•    Creating Innovation labs – such as INNOSPACE+, technology scouting outposts, and accelerator

programmes that invest in start-ups and entrepreneurs

•    Hosting regularly scheduled “Hackathons” and idea challenges that invite young entrepreneurs,

universities, and companies to develop and pitch new ideas

•    Building Research and Development initiatives that surmount internal obstacles to deliver measurable

value 

All these efforts effectively make SOL a comprehensive one-stop solution for start-ups and entrepreneurs 

with work-live-learn-play concerns. In coming years, as part of our 5C Strategy, we aim to:

•    Support from incubation 50 companies (innovators) from our innovation and entrepreneurship community 

•    Research opportunities to develop and sponsor an online/offline network that would help the innovation

and entrepreneurship community to gather and connect



INNOSPACE+ is more than an incubator, by offering both financial and technical support to start-ups.

2020 Sustainable Development Report 37


Culture

At Shui On Land, we see culture as the culmination 

of the ideas, customs, values, social behaviour, and 

human achievement of a particular community. 

Culture strengthens our acceptance of others, 

improves the physical and mental health of a society, 

and brings about opportunities for people to come 

together. 

We believe that sustaining, expressing, and nurturing 

our local culture, while also sharing the beauty of 

Chinese culture with the world, creates a sense 

of common community identity and brings us 

closer to one another. Cultural conservation also 

provides important social and economic benefits 

to a community by enhancing the quality of life and 

increasing the overall wellbeing of both individuals 

and communities. Indeed, we value the preservation 

of our unique culture and heritage and believe 

that their conservation and promotion are a form 

of sustainable development. It is so integral to us 

that it is embedded in our business model, as we 

see culture and sustainable development as being 

connected and self-reinforcing.  

Highlights of our major developments include 

finding win-win solutions for historic preservation 

and commercial development, small scale replicable 

urban regeneration and place creation projects, 

public, private partnerships linking culture and 

SD together, and other partnerships that promote 

cultural heritage and development. We also celebrate 

the shift in emphasis from “Made in China” to 

“Created in China” for products and services, and 

reflect this via our support for not only Chinese 

products and partnerships, but also for local artists, 

entrepreneurs, and innovators. 





Chinese cultural events were hold 

in Foshan Lingnan Tiandi in October.





38 Shui On Land Limited


The initiatives and actions for ‘Culture’ are overseen by the SD Committee and the ‘Culture’ Team (which 

comprises staff from several departments) and in collaboration with the Clean and Community teams.

Promote international 

cultural diversity and 

exchange

● Signature Initiative

● Signature Initiative

Rejuvenate urban, 

cultural heritage sites

Engage, connect, 

and promote local 

creativity with 

future business 

opportunities

Enhance the vibrancy and 

authenticity of our communities 

through urban regeneration, 

architectural heritage 

conservation, promotion of 

local creative talents and 

international cultural exchange

Ambition

Created in China 

(featuring the 

‘Creators 100’ 

programme which 

promotes and 

spotlights local 

creators)

Enhance global cultural 

exchange in China through 

developing and operating 

signature IP events across 

our portfolio

● Signature Initiative

Become a thought leader 

in the urban planning 

and real estate sector 

on urban regeneration 

through preservation and 

adaptive reuse of historic 

buildings and districts

2030 Targets

Be a pioneer in 

preservation and 

adaptive reuse of 

historical buildings 

and its urban fabric

Enhance the 

vibrancy of the 

communities that 

we develop through 

the programming 

of cultural content 

and the design and 

management of city 

streetscapes

Promote and 

celebrate local 

creative talent

2020 Sustainable Development Report 39


Tell stories of our heritage

We do our best to conserve the integrity of our heritage and the legacy of our ancestors. As a developer, 

we achieve this by actively seeking out cultural landmark buildings and communities and preserving and 

rejuvenating them. Beyond structural conservation, it is our perspective that every facade, floor, roof, and 

space that make up our buildings, as well as all the spaces in between, can act as canvases for creative and 

respectful recognition of those who came before us. As such, we believe that infusing ethnographic elements 

and communal culture features into green and public spaces as well as historical aspects of buildings helps 

preserve our rich heritage. 

Our creative and design teams work together to infuse culture-focused content (such as festivals, exhibitions, 

artwork, etc.) into our many existing communities to rejuvenate the public’s understanding and appreciation 

for our historical heritage. We also offer facilities (such as exhibition venues, theatres, libraries/bookstores, 

learning centres, cinema, sports centres) within our neighbourhoods and communities to the benefit of local 

artists and community groups so that their work can reach a broader audience.  

In 2020, we increased our engagement both online and offline to increase connectivity with our online 

followers and make better use of virtual spaces that highlight cultural community aspects. In coming years, as 

part of our 5C Strategy, we aim to:

•    Have at least one heritage project be globally recognised as an important heritage landmark in China

•    Create a cultural heritage rejuvenation guideline/policy to be considered during master planning 

•    Develop new urban rejuvenation projects that include preserving heritage buildings 

•    Increase in daily visitors to our heritage rejuvenation projects 

•    Work with at least three partners each year to ensure alignment on cultural heritage rejuvenation 

 







Our Performance in 2020

40 Shui On Land Limited


Panlong Tiandi——Where yesterday meets today

We are honoured by the opportunity to help rejuvenate the thousand-year-old Jiangnan ancient 

town, located in the centre of the Hongqiao Central Business District, Shanghai. Covering over 

752 acres, this multi-dimensional project enables us to showcase the international commercial 

operation DNA of our XINTIANDI series and create a unique blend of tradition and contemporary 

design. 

The project includes a comprehensive mix of functions including a 230,000 m

2 public park (Panlong 

Park), 50,000 m

2  of waterfront commercial venues (Panlong Tiandi), which will take the form of a 

traditional Jiangnan water town, as well as 250,000 m

2  of residential space (Panlong International 

Residence). The project will not only connect the Jiangnan culture with the Hongqiao CBD, but will 

also create an exciting new vacation destination in Shanghai.

The ambition is to recreate a reviealised Jiangnan – comprising a waterfront commercial area 

combining traditional buildings, creeks, bridges, lanes, and modern businesses. We have carefully 

and craftly restored the old cross streets and the basic town structure. We have preserved all of 

the natural and artificial rivers and docks. 

Every aspect of the project aims to respectfully highlight the dynamic cultural elements of the 

original city and rejuvenate the prosperity of Panlong Town, bringing life into old Jiangnan again. 

By reviving the time-honoured historical experience and traditions of the past – such as restoring 

cultural heritage sites including Cheng's Ancestral Hall, Panlong Temple and Xianghua Bridge – 

this extraordinary project offers a brand-new interpretation of traditional life and cultural customs 

juxtaposed with modern architecture and design. 

Spotlight





Panlong Tiandi

2020 Sustainable Development Report 41


 







Facilitate international 

cultural exchange

Shui On Land is committed to nurturing 

international cultural exchange activities and 

events because we value the diversity of thought, 

ideas, and practices. We achieve this by fostering 

partnerships with local and international cultural 

organisations for exchange opportunities as 

well as by hosting international cultural and/or 

urban regeneration events with other local and 

international cultural groups, such as Lumieres 

Shanghai and Shanghai Fashion week – which 

went virtual this year due to COVID-19 social 

distancing measures.

In coming years, as part of our 5C Strategy, we will be setting up an internal cultural exchange programme 

developed and championed by SOL’s stewards. By 2029 we aim to host at least 50 international cultural/urban 

regeneration events, partnering with 50 cultural organisations (e.g., international art fairs, etc.). 

Creatively expressing Created in China

Shui On Land celebrates the creative expression 

of Chinese culture (past, present, and future) 

and we focus our contributions toward the 

arts, music, dance, food, fashion, festivals, 

and education-based activities. We create 

opportunities for local artists, designers, and 

artisans to share their creativity by offering 

physical spaces within our developments such 

as public green spaces and exhibition spaces, 

as well as online opportunities. We also promote 

local creators by hiring them for projects and/or 

organising events to showcase their work (e.g., 

Design Shanghai).  

In 2020, in response to COVID-19 social 

distancing measures, we took several of our 

events and cultural expression initiatives online. 

This mainly involved supporting local artists via O2O (Online to Offline)  promotional campaigns and events. 

For example, in March, the live opening show of the “Cloud Fashion Week” jointly created by Shanghai Fashion 

Week and T-mall was launched on Taobao, attracting an audience of 2.5 million within three hours – a new 

record for Shanghai Fashion Week. By so doing, a series of cutting-edge designer brands in Xintiandi were 

not only presented via the live online show but products were also simultaneously sold and displayed on 

Xintiandi’s online store.

We are currently evolving our digital strategy and improving options available for O2O communities. We are 

also actively developing a new retail strategy that revolves around social omnichannel experiences. In coming 

years, as part of our 5C Strategy, we will continue to celebrate the concept of Created in China and will engage, 

connect, promote creative classes and future business opportunities. A signature initiative will be to launch 

a ‘CREATORS 100’ programme in 2021 which will promote and provide economic opportunities for local 

creators.  

Our Performance in 2020



Lumieres Shanghai in Shanghai Xintiandi Style 



21 creative designs were shown in 2020 DesignShanghai 

@XinTianDi Design Festival. Social Rabbit is one of them as pictured

42 Shui On Land Limited












 

88

瑞安房地產有限公司

Care

Our vision to become a pioneer of sustainable 

premium urban communities starts with a great 

team. Our 3,141-strong team of caring, dedicated, 

and creative employees is what has helped us create 

the business we run today and are the key to our 

success. To us, creating a great place to work means 

treating every employee fairly and providing equal 

opportunities for holistic career development. 

To become an employer of choice, we have 

prioritised offering our staff a safe and healthy 

working environment and fostering a collaborative 

working culture, where everyone can be motivated 

to develop their skillsets and deliver the best results. 

We believe it is imperative to consistently attract, 

develop, and retain employees effectively - not only 

to drive performance and innovation - but more 

importantly, to nurture a caring, talented, healthy, 

and engaged team. We achieve this by helping our 

employees strike a healthy balance between their 

professional and personal lives, creating a flexible 

workplace that serves the requirements of both the 

company and the individual.



In November, Wuhan KangLeHui hold the activity of Distinguished Riding to promote healthy lifestle



2020 Sustainable Development Report 43


Encourage all 

employees 

to be socially 

responsible

The initiatives and actions for ‘Care’ are overseen by the SD Committee and the ‘Care’ Team (which 

comprises of staff from several departments) and in collaboration with the Corporate HR department; the 

Head of Construction and Property Management; the SOL Culture and the Talent Development Committees; 

as well as the Legal and Internal Audit, and Product Development and Administration Departments.

 







Our Performance in 2020

Ensure health and 

safety for all

Improve employee 

wellbeing

● Signature Initiative

● Signature Initiative

Provide equal 

opportunities 

in training &amp; 

development 

Create a diverse 

and inclusive 

workplace

Provide all employees with equal opportunities for 

holistic career development through specialised 

training programmes, while maintaining the 

highest wellness, health and safety standards in 

the workplace and ensuring openness to diversity 

of thought and innovation – enabling them to be 

accountable members of society

Ambition

Develop SOL Talent 

Development program 

and enhance our 

employer branding for 

talent attraction and 

retention

Target to be included in the 

Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 

(GEI) as an industry leader in 

promoting gender equality

2030 Targets

Develop a holistic 

training programme 

and individual career 

development plan 

for all employees of 

every level across all 

business units

Average training 

hours per employee 

per year: 40

Provide a safe, healthy, and 

inclusive office environment for 

all staff

Maintain zero workplace 

fatalities for all employees 

and contracted partners in the 

supply chain

Achieve gender equality and 

diversity across the company 

and gender remuneration ratio 

1:1 between female and male

-

-

-

- Average volunteer 

service hours per 

employee per year: 8

44 Shui On Land Limited


 











Gender split – 

53:47

male/female 

average ratio

21.8 average 

hours of employee 

development 

training provided

Provide equal opportunities in 

training and development

Over the years, we have seen that high employee 

engagement leads to reduced employee turnover, 

improved productivity, and better business 

outcomes. Most importantly, engaged employees 

are happier both at work and in their personal lives. 

We also believe in hiring and supporting people 

from diverse backgrounds so that we can assimilate 

more perspectives, approach problems differently, 

and develop the most innovative communities for 

our customers. One way of achieving this is by 

encouraging employees to continually upgrade their 

professional skillsets through a range of training, 

practical workshops, and mentorship programmes. 

2020 Highlights

Training and development

100%

attended training sessions

operational staff received 

job-specific training

89%

female

employees

94%

 male

employees

average of training provided

21.8 hours



In September, we launched a new class of 

New Manager Training Camp 2020.

2020 Sustainable Development Report 45


To remain competitive and to provide the best services, we aim to employ the best possible professionals with 

the right competencies for each position. We place great focus on employee engagement, particularly training 

and development. Our Talent Development Committee works with our HR team to curate talent development 

goals at the organisational level which encourages employees to grow with us. We facilitate this - and 

increase the motivation, engagement, and continuous development of our employees – via our training and 

development initiatives. 

We conduct performance discussions which take place twice a year. 100% of our staff take part in an annual 

performance review with their direct line manager, which is then reviewed by the HR team for evaluation and 

career progression planning. Our Performance Management system includes three critical components; 

 







At the Shui On Academy, a wide variety of coaching and training activities are organised for management 

trainees to help these future leaders’ transition from the campus to the workplace and become acquainted 

with our business and culture. The 2020 Shui On Academy Leading to the Peak Programme engaged 22 

trainees via virtual discussions on the topics of how to become leaders, focusing on building teams, developing 

strategies and leadership. The three-month programme provides participants with a chance to gain hands-

on experience and putting theory into practice on in-depth business and leadership issues. Several two-day 

workshops were held by the HR team on strategy development, organisational ability, structural design, and 

team-building – all of which encouraged participants to put what they have learned into practice in their daily 

work. 

Expanding beyond our routine initiatives, we launched a business-oriented talent development system to 

continuously identify, assess and fast-track talent in 2020. The new platform, called ‘Own My Learning’, is 

available to all employees and was designed to help them navigate their own development path and learning 

resources. We also created a learning map of "horizontal leadership + vertical professionalism" per the needs 

of our business and future development plans.

We also launched a new class in our New Manager Training Camp 2020, a four-week learning journey divided 

into three modules covering the topics of kick-starting leadership, leadership essentials, and building an 

efficient team. The training camp helps new managers hone their management skills through a variety of 

online and offline methods, including online courses, flipped classes (a combination of self-study and teacher-

guided learning), practical training, and other online and offline methods. 

Our Performance in 2020

We make sure that 100% 

completion of Goals setting for 

all employees and company 

performance goals are properly 

cascaded down to the whole 

workforce with internal 

alignment in place among 

different business units, projects, 

departments, and individuals. 

100% completion of appraisal 

ratings is ensured and 

appraisal communications are 

in place with HR reviewing and 

recording the results.

Applied to all executives who 

are directly responsible for 

business or organisational 

results and their direct 

reports.

 

 

 

  

  

  

 

G

o

al

 s

et

tin

g a

nd

 C

as

ca

di

ng

 

 

 

  

  

  

  

  

   

   

   

In

te

ri

m 

Re

vie

w

 

 

 

  

  

  

  

  

   

   

 A

nn

ua

l A

pp

rai

sa

l

46 Shui On Land Limited


Additional training and development programmes held in 2020 include:

•    The Management Cadet Programme which has been upskilling selected, high-potential middle managers 

on management best-practices since 2002 

•    A new induction training programme for new hires featuring both online and in-person modules that range 

in themes from an introduction to SOL to anti-pandemic safety to data security awareness. The programme 

also introduces the company’s many policies and practices, such as business ethics, as well 

as SOL’s unique tenets to commercial property and asset management

•    Career development Week – featuring career development focused webinars and classes that touch on 

the specific career interests, learning and promotion pathways, and opportunities to influence career 

progression 

To strengthen our approach and continuously amplify the diverse voices of our team, we have set several diversity 

goals in our 5C Strategy which we will continuously improve, as needed, over time. Notable targets include: 

•    Defining and developing a holistic training programme for every level of employee across all business units

•    Holding sessions with inspiring leaders or facilitating leadership dialogues about important skills such as

the art of negotiation, conflict resolution, etc. 

•    Steering homegrown talent into at least 20% of leadership positions

9

•    Setting up a leadership development programme for key managers or a mentorship programme for high 

potential employees

Create a diverse and inclusive workplace

Diversity in the construction and property management sector is a challenge all around the world. Despite 

international underrepresentation of women in our industry, we have a demonstrably high proportion of 

women among our staff - comprising 47% of our workforce, which showcases our commitment to gender 

diversity and fair hiring practices.

Shui On Land is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive working environment for all employees, and will 

never tolerate any discrimination or harassment related to race, religion, gender, or disability. We have created 

a working environment where diversity is considered a strength and discrimination of any kind is prohibited. 

This equal-opportunity approach places people in positions that best suit their abilities. As such, we recruit, 

retain, and develop the best people for the job based solely on their abilities to bring solutions-oriented voices 

to our team.  

When it comes to board diversity, 89% of our board in 2020 were male and over 50. However, in January 2021 

we will brought on an additional female board member who is under 50, bringing the proportion of female 

board members up to 20%. 

9

 From 2020 baseline

2020 Sustainable Development Report 47


To assure steady progress in this area, we continue to promote equal opportunities in all aspects of 

employment. To strengthen our approach and continuously amplify the diverse voices of our team, we have 

set several diversity goals in our 5C Strategy which include:

•    Defining board diversity and inclusion ambitions – covering expertise, gender, etc.

•    Enhancing employee wellbeing as well as diversity and inclusion programmes

•    Enhancing the Board Diversity Policy

•    Investing in the equipment/facilities/ technology necessary for an inclusive office environment to

     enhance staff inclusivity

10 

•    Providing complete disclosure of and continuously monitor and analyse the ratio of basic salary and

     remuneration of women to men 

Ensure health and safety for all

We are very focused on providing our employees with a safe and healthy working environment. Health, safety, 

and wellbeing are embedded in our core values and continuous improvement of our safety performance 

is embedded in our daily habits. We aim to provide an injury-free workplace, and our Target Zero initiative 

promotes a companywide culture where employees embrace a zero injuries mentality. The objectives of this 

initiative focus on eliminating safety accidents, improving staff safety awareness and skills to eliminate unsafe 

behaviour, and reducing and preventing loss due to accidents by eliminating hazards in the workplace.

We do our utmost to ensure that all our employees and subcontractors return home safely at the end of 

each day. We achieve this by requiring employees to adhere to our safety plans and procedures including the 

Environmental and Occupational Health and Safety (EHS) Objectives, our Indicators and Management Plan 

(2019), as well as our Code of Safety Management and Green Building Construction Planning. In our Safety 

Management Guidelines, we outline how our contractors should behave or perform as well as how we manage 

issues. It also states how accidents are to be reported and handled. Our operations document includes 

"civilised and safe construction" items and requirements in the performance review of our construction 

contractors, and the contractor/supplier is scored and assessed every quarter. We also require contractors to 

follow ISO 45001 standards. 

In addition to our well established EHS management system, which handles occupational health and safety 

risk-related tasks, the Group does its utmost to prevent accidents at construction sites by adhering to 

construction machinery and equipment and site safety production management systems. All our workers 

are covered by these externally audited occupational health and safety management systems. Our project 

construction contractors are also required to complete a “Hazard identification and risk investigation 

evaluation form” to identify the risk level of various safety risks, such as object strike, electric shock, collapse, 

fire and fall from height as well as the hazardous points. They also complete an "Occupational Health and 

Safety Target Self-Assessment Form" and submit it to the head of the Construction Management Department 

who then reviews it and determines adjustments to targets and KPIs per project, as needed. 

Despite our best efforts to keep everyone safe on our construction sites, a fatality did occur in 2020. A 

mechanical malfunction caused the displacement of a grid column that resulted a fatal injury of an outsourced 

construction worker. We immediately responded by checking hazard points and enhancing inspections for any 

safety hazards on the site. Beyond this incident, there were 13 recordable work-related injuries throughout the 

reporting period. 

 







Our Performance in 2020

10

We define workplace inclusivity as being: A work environment that makes every employee feel valued while also acknowledging their differences and how these differences 

contribute to the organisation’s culture and business outcomes. An inclusive workplace is characterised by affirmative action, wherein any impact of bias/discrimination/unequal 

opportunity is negated.

48 Shui On Land Limited


Our consistently low accident frequency rate is a testament to the hard work and dedication of our teams and 

the high standards we deliver across all our projects. However, we recognise that there is always room for 

improvement with it comes to health and safety. We will continue to promote safe behaviour and implement 

our safety procedures so that we may reach our goal of zero incidents. We have also set targets to achieve 

zero work-related fatalities across all our locations and developments.

In coming years, as part of our 5C Strategy, we will work on:

•   Ensuring zero reported on-site workplace accidents, incidents, or fatalities

•   Enhancing our company policy to make sure a safe workplace is provided to all employees with the

    prevention of inappropriate behaviour, harassment, or misconduct

•   Developing clear policies and pathways of communication to report near-misses and implementing

     enhancements to prevent potential injuries and lost days

Improve employee wellbeing

At SOL, employee wellbeing is all about leading a balanced life and being physically, mentally, and socially 

healthy. We offer a range of workplace benefits to help our team maintain a high level of work-life harmony. 

Also, we conduct an annual market review on pay, benefits, insurance, etc., to ensure that we provide 

competitive compensation and benefits to our team. 

We provide statutory benefits in line with the local government policies and requirements which includes but 

is not limited to: endowment insurance, medical insurance, housing fund, unemployment fund, as well as 

maternity and employment injury insurance, etc. We also proudly offer a sophisticated benefit programme that 

covers employee health and safety, wellbeing, and overall care, which includes:

•   Supplementary commercial insurance for medical, Life and AD&amp;D 

•   Voluntary group commercial insurance for employees’ family members 

•   Annual full-paid leave with minimum 5 working days per year and up to 20 working days according to

    seniority and length of service

•   120 days maternity leave for all female employees, as well as breastfeeding leave of at least 1-hour per

     working day

•   10 days parental leave to all male employees

•   3 to 10 days marriage leave to all eligible employees 

•   1 to 3 days of bereavement leave for immediate family members

•   Holiday benefits for birthdays and traditional Chinese festivals

•   1 day leave for ethnic minority staff to observe relevant religious festivals or fast breaking (for certain

     business units) 

2020 Sustainable Development Report 49


We strongly believe that by investing in the holistic development and wellbeing of our team, we create an 

inviting and exemplary working environment. On-top of providing opportunities and career development 

support, we pay great attention to personal matters of our team and provide benefits and support for special 

occasions, for instance:

•   Beyond our companywide marriage leave from 3 to 10 days (depending on individual’s situation), some

business units offer a red packet of at least RMB500 to celebrate the employees’ marriage.

•   Some business units offer a new-born gift bag to new parents in celebration and to show our support for

this important transition.

•   Some business units hold a retirement ceremony as an opportunity for the colleagues to gather and bring

all the best wishes to the retiring employee as they move on to this new stage of life.

We also host various communication channels for employees to voice out their questions, concerns, 

suggestions, new ideas etc as and when needed. A dedicated complaint and suggestions email address is 

one of the key communication channels used where employees are encouraged to raise their questions or 

concerns anytime and individual follow-up is guaranteed within three working days. 

During the reporting period, we organised several attractive employee recreation activities to promote 

wellness in the office. This included sporting events; 14 badminton sessions and 25 yoga classes; a family 

open day; and a limited number of socially distanced holiday celebrations. We believe these activities not 

only contribute to employee overall wellbeing but also create stronger connections between employees and 

increase employee satisfaction and productivity. We were delighted that our efforts were recognised by the 

China Human Resources Management Research Institute who honoured us with the 2020 Award of Workplace 

Health Achievement. 

In coming years, as part of our 5C Strategy, we aim to:

•   Conduct employee surveys on the type of medical insurance they would like to have and enhance the

company’s medical insurance policies and support

•   Conduct more occupant wellbeing surveys 

•   Create casual gathering, talks, forums, and lunchtime classes according to the interests of employees

•   Introduce parental/family-focused policies

 







Our Performance in 2020

50 Shui On Land Limited






















 

Corporate Governance

We believe that enshrining ESG oriented principles 

into business strategy makes a company more agile 

and better prepared to deal with sudden change, 

whether it be the flooding of development sites or the 

immediate need for employees to work from home. 

We consider sustainability leadership at the Board 

and executive levels to be critical to integrating 

sustainability management and performance into 

our culture, processes, and business relationships. 

To ensure that we continually abide by the highest 

standards of corporate governance and business 

ethics, we have integrated them into daily operations 

to ensure our compliance and beyond. Learn more 

about our corporate governance on the Shui On 

Land website and from our 2020 Annual Corporate 

Governance Report. 



2020 Commercial Real Estate Leasing Training Lecture was successfully held.



2020 Sustainable Development Report 51


 







The initiatives and actions for ‘Corporate Governance’ are overseen by the SD Committee and the ‘Corporate 

Governance’ Team (which comprises staff from several departments) and in collaboration with the Clean 

and Care and Finance/Legal teams.

Our Performance in 2020

Strengthen emergency 

preparedness

Embed sustainability

Steer the business 

with integrity

Become a leader in corporate 

governance by nurturing 

a corporate culture of 

integrity, transparency, and 

accountability.

Ambition

2030 Targets

Achieve a minimum of 

50% of bond and loan 

facilities from sustainable 

financing

Adhere to global 

best practices for 

corporate governance 

and ESG reporting

Maintain 100% 

implementation of 

the employee Code 

of Conduct across all 

business units

52 Shui On Land Limited


 Making our corporate governance more sustainable

As employees and teams from across the company will have differing and sometimes competing KPIs, 

diverse and well-balanced governance of sustainability helps ensure that we stay on target to meet our 

many goals. 

To reflect our increasing commitments to SD, the Group’s SD governance structure was revamped in 

2019 to facilitate effective implementation of the 5C Strategy. As the 5C Strategy development and 

implementation have progressed, we have identified a need to expand the scope and capacity of our 

SD governance. Throughout the strategy development process, specific tasks and duties required of 

each member of a committee, team, or board have been defined. Support and leadership from these 

contributors are instrumental in embedding a culture of sustainability throughout our business and will 

enable us to meet our objectives.

In addition, we have been enhancing our overall approach to corporate governance throughout 2020. 

We have benchmarked our systems and disclosures against other prominent companies listed in Hong 

Kong, Mainland China, and globally and have sought to make disclosures in this Report more transparent. 

We have also recognised the need to improve the overall board diversity and transparency of how the 

Board operates and behaves. In coming years, as part of our 5C Strategy, we will work on:

•   Conducting annual evaluations of the Board’s performance in relation to 5C Strategy progress and

disclosing the assessment process

•   Enhancing the Business Ethics and Anti-Corruption Policy and processes and clearly disclosing the

consequences of inappropriate actions

•   Disclosing annual total compensation ratio  

•   Developing a succession plan for senior management in case of regular and emergency succession

 (including "deputising heads" in case of crisis management)

•   Enhancing the nomination and selection processes for the Board and its committees

Embed sustainability

At Shui On Land, we have seen that COVID-19 has driven a new wave of social awareness of SD issues and 

ESG adoption. Indeed, the challenges of 2020 highlighted the importance of embedding sustainability and 

ESG considerations into every aspect of our business. As such, our approach to managing and overseeing 

ESG-related issues is not separate from our business plan nor how our teams entrench ESG ‘tasks’ into 

regular operations.

2020 Sustainable Development Report 53


 







 Incorporating ESG-related risks into enterprise risk management

The ever-evolving landscape of ESG-related risks continues to have a significant impact on our 

business operations, and we have incorporated these risks into our corporate enterprise risk 

management (ERM) framework to better identify the full spectrum of ESG risks. As climate change 

presents various risks and opportunities for our business, we are committed to mitigating climate-

related impacts and invest in climate-resilience planning. Motivated by the TCFD

11  Recommendations, 

we are working on identifying, assessing, and managing these to support the resilience of our business, 

assets, communities, customers, and people. We recognise that climate change can have significant 

implications for real estate investments and we have taken a science-based, pragmatic approach to 

climate resilience by seeking to mitigate the physical risks of extreme weather, rising temperatures, 

heavy rainfall etc. as best we can.

We have also put robust governance structures in place that ensure emerging and evolving ESG 

issues are well captured by both the SD Committee and ERM teams to support ongoing ERM and 

sustainability risk management approaches to overcome ESG-related risk challenges - from risk 

identification and assessment to communication and reporting and risk governance. When needed, ESG 

issues are elevated to the Board’s agenda and under their leadership, we have effectively incorporated 

sustainability consideration into our long-term business strategy and daily actions. To ensure that our 

internal specialists are capable of risk identification, management, and control, we will provide them 

with internal and external training courses hosted by qualified experts or by other means.

Considering increasing concerns from stakeholders about our performance on climate risk identification, 

control, and mitigation, we are exploring the feasibility to conduct climate change risk assessment 

according to international guidelines and may make a corresponding public disclosure in response to 

stakeholders’ concerns in coming years. We are also exploring how best to conduct a climate change 

risk assessment across our portfolio according to international guidelines, to identify critical risks to 

our business and to better understand the readiness and effectiveness of our current risk management 

mechanism. The findings may result in adjustments to our targeted emissions mitigation measures as 

well as our long-term goals.

Beyond learning from the events of 2020, we have come to realise the need to be more systematic in 

the development and delivery of our products. From improving data collection to enhancing our ESG 

disclosures, we are committed to improving our approach to managing ESG-related topics and our 

managing directors hold the responsibility of rallying the organisation to understand how to implement 

the many sustainability-related initiatives reflected in the 5C Strategy. 

Looking ahead, we will continue to progress with our prudent business strategy to enhance our 

portfolio and operations for the long-term benefit of our shareholders. When faced with unprecedented 

challenges like those seen in 2020, Shui On Land will continue to innovate to capture new opportunities 

presented by the ‘new normal’ of climate change.

Our Performance in 2020

11

The TCFD Recommendations was launched in 2015 by the Financial Stability Board in the United States, which is composed of the central banks and financial regulatory 

authorities of major countries. In 2017, to reduce risks associated with destabilizing financial markets, TCFD recommended that companies disclose medium- to long-term 

business risks and opportunities presented by climate change and the impacts of these risks and opportunities on their financial conditions, as well as specific measures and 

strategies. In 2020, HKEX published new guidelines on ESG reporting which included a new requirement on disclosure of significant climate-related issues which have impacted 

and/or may impact an issuer, in alignment with the TCFD Recommendations.

54 Shui On Land Limited


Strengthen emergency preparedness 

During the outbreak of COVID-19, under the leadership of the Emergency Preparedness team, all our projects 

adopted stringent preventive and control measures, and standardised services, to provide a safe environment 

for our staff, residents, tenants, and customers. From this experience and after securing the health and safety 

of our staff throughout 2020, a standardised set of procedures will be instituted to react to any possible public 

health or natural disaster situation in the future.  

In 2020, we updated the SOL Emergency Management Handbook as well as several of our processes for 

handling public health emergencies. 

Steer the business with integrity

Strong governance within SOL provides the right foundation for building a culture of ethical behaviour while 

minimising business risk. By acting with integrity, we have earned the trust of our customers, business 

partners and other stakeholders. Beyond abiding by applicable laws, regulations

12  and normative guidance, we 

have a comprehensive corporate governance framework, internal controls, and systems for risk management. 

Our Ethics Committee is responsible for handling all matters regarding our conduct and business ethics, and 

formulating anti-corruption training and management. Our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics sets forth 

the standards by which we, as an organisation and as individuals, should act. It gives an ethical and legal 

framework for our day-to-day activities and offers guidance for dealing with challenging situations. In 2020, we 

reviewed and improved the content of the Code of Conduct and Business Ethics and the Employee Handbook 

to ensure that it continues to reflect the Spirit of Shui On. We also reviewed the provisions in the Code of 

Conduct on the investigation/internal decision process on ethical matters and reviewed business processes to 

see if improvements were required for ethical purposes.  These improvements will be implemented in 2021.

Every year, we request all our employees to complete a declaration of understanding and adherence to the 

Code of Conduct and Business Ethics. New staff must attend an introduction to ethics in their orientation 

and must join an ethics training session conducted by a member of the Ethics Committee or from senior 

management upon completion of their probation. In addition, every year, the Ethics Committee requires a 

targeted group of employees to complete an online "Behaviour and Business Ethics" training

13  which provides 

specific training on identifying corruption and how to report non-compliance to the Code. 

In 2020, 93% of the targeted group attended the training, up from 86% in 2019. Annual Code of Conduct 

training is mandatory for all employees. The Code of Conduct, Non-Compliance Reporting Policy and 

supporting documentation as well as awareness materials have been communicated to all employees.

We have also incorporated into our standard contracts details of our anti-corruption policies and procedures 

with all business partners.

12

See the Content Index which outlines relevant laws and regulations in more detail, per topic. 

13

All Shui On Land/China Xintiandi employees who joined on or before December 31 of the previous year (excluding Fengcheng, Shui On Construction, andRuihong Kindergarten).

2020 Sustainable Development Report 55


 Raising Concerns on Ethical Practices

All SOL employees are expected to understand and abide by our Code of Conduct and to report any 

violations using the channels available for this purpose. Our long-established Irregularities Reporting 

System (or whistleblowing system) is available for employees to report concerns confidentially, via 

telephone or email. We also encourage employees to report compliance concerns through internal 

channels (e.g., direct line managers, Human Resources, the Legal department). SOL does not tolerate 

any form of retaliation against employees who report concerns in good faith. 

Any allegations made through the whistleblowing system are received by all members of the Ethics 

Committee. For allegations on senior management, the complainant can use another designated email 

address which can only be read by the chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee.  Allegations received 

through any other means are forwarded to the chairman of the Ethics Committee. The chairman 

then may discuss with the Internal Audit team to distinguish the nature of the allegation, whether it 

is ethics related or a management issue. For ethics-related allegations, the chairman of the Ethics 

Committee will invite a representative from the Internal Audit team to investigate and they may call, as 

necessary, on the Company’s resources (e.g., Human Resources, the Legal department, Finance and 

Accounting, Projects, and/or Operations teams) to investigate the matter further. Upon receipt of the 

investigation, our Ethics Committee determines or recommends to the EXCOM (or above) any required 

remedial action, including disciplinary measures. The report will also be shared with the Audit and Risk 

Committee.

 Measures to prevent forced and child labour

Our Human Resources, Legal and Internal Audit teams are vigilant in ensuring operations comply with 

all labour laws and regulations through established processes and control checkpoints. Given our 

internal processes and the labour laws of China, the potential of forced or child labour in our operations 

is extremely low. That said, we continue to check applicants personal ID from different channels to 

prevent hiring someone underage and register the information of all employees on the provincial 

government website to minimise the possibility of any child labour. 

We also make a point of ensuring that all applicants understand the job descriptions and requirements 

of their position before joining the company. Contracts signed with all employees include job position, 

work location, labour remuneration, and we verify with the employees that the registration date to the 

labour contract is reasonable, legal, comprehensive, and clear.

 







Our Performance in 2020

Sustainable Finance

Shui On Land believes that green bonds are a key market-oriented method to engage investors in our 

sustainable development efforts. In line with our philosophy and approach to sustainability, we have 

developed a green finance framework to ensure the long-term sustainable development of our business.

We launched our debut green bond in November 2019, raising an aggregate amount of US$300 million, 

all of which has been used to finance the acquisition of Corporate Avenue 5 in Taipingqiao, Shanghai, the 

renovation of Shui On Plaza in Shanghai, and the renovation of Shui On Land headquarters. The bond 

was developed exclusively for projects funded by Shui On Land that promote sustainable development in 

the real estate industry.

In 2020, we reopened the inaugural senior bond for a tap of US$200 million, bringing the total amount 

to US$500 million. The reopening transaction demonstrates our commitment to building dynamic 

communities that integrate the sustainable development philosophy of building green and healthy 

communities.

Visit our Green Bond Report 2020 to learn more. 

Spotlight

56 Shui On Land Limited


Appendices

Recognition and Awards

In 2020, we earned numerous sustainable development-related certifications and awards. Most significantly, 

we were delighted to be recognised for our efforts relating to:

Sustainable

 development

Responsible 

Investing

Providing a healthy workplace for our 

employees and our leadership in green and 

healthy buildings

Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index Series:  

Became a constituent of the index series in 2020 

The Asset ESG Corporate Awards 2020: 

Platinum Award

MSCI ESG Leaders Index Series: 

Became a constituent of the index series in 2020

GoldenBee Think Tank, China Sustainability Tribune: 

2020 GoldenBee CSR China Honor Roll

Bloomberg Businessweek/Chinese Edition:

 ESG Leading Enterprise Award 

Shanghai Daily: 

Excellence Award for Sustainability 2019

International WELL Building Institute™ (IWBI™): 

Building on Shanghai Xintiandi Community becoming the 

global first WELL Community-Certified Project in 2019, 

our headquarters in Shanghai earned WELL CERTIFIED™ 

PLATINUM for its renovation.  

Urban Land Institute (ULI): 

THE HUB (Hongqiao Tiandi) wins 2020 ULI Asia Pacific 

Awards for Excellence

China Real Estate Business, iGREEN ORG: 

2020 Top 10 Most Competitive Green Developer in China

China Human Resources Management Research Institute: 

Award of Workplace Health Achievement 2020

IAC, Green Ranking: 

Listed No.25 and Ranked A 

of 2020 China Real Estate 

Enterprise Green Credit 

Index TOP 50

2020 Sustainable Development Report 57


Performance Summary

Environmental performance

Appendices

 







HKEX

KPI

Description

Unit

2020

2019

2018

A1.1

Emissions from vehicles

NOx

kg

289.6314

   15

-

SOx

0.95

1.42 

1.81

A1.2

Greenhouse gas emissions

Scope 1

kgCO2, equivalent

GHG emissions from stationary combustion

15,983,770

10,482,469 

9,243,145

Scope 2

 

GHG emissions from purchased electricity

90,328,178

 91,483,559 

97,923,674

Scope 1 &amp; Scope 2 combined

106,311,948 

101,966,028 

107,166,819

Scope 1 &amp; Scope 2 per square metre of floor area

kgCO2, equivalent/ m

2

52.91 

62.60 

64.23

A1.3

Hazardous waste produced

Hazardous waste produced

tonnes

  16

-

Discharge density of hazardous waste

tonne/1,000m

2

-

A1.4

Non-hazardous waste produced

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Total discharge of construction waste

tonnes

29,711

39,125

37,776

Dry garbage

41,764

  17

-

Wet garbage

21,933

  18

-

Total discharge of household garbage

63,697

80,144

68,853

Total discharge of non-hazardous waste

93,407

119,270

106,629

Recycled materials

3,764

  19

 -

Discharge density of non-hazardous waste

Tonne/1,000m

2

13.42

17.18

16.17 

A2.1 

Energy consumption and intensity

Diesel

MWh

 536 

112 

122 

Gasoline

 1,849 

733 

887 

Electricity purchased from the grid

 106,156 

104,196 

93,814

Natural gas

 16,349 

18,171 

26,576

Total energy consumption

 124,889 

123,212 

121,340

Intensity of energy consumption

MWh/1000m

2

 62.16 

75.65 

72.71 

A2.2

Water consumption and intensity

Total water consumption

m

3

1,156,125

1,330,098 

1,449,626 

Water consumption intensity

m

3/1000m

2

679.52

816.64 

868.25 

Sewage discharge

m

3

1,040,512

1,197,088 

1,303,165 

:

14

 Data is an estimate figure

15

 Relevant figures are disclosed from 2020 onwards

16

 Data for hazardous waste has not been collected for 2020 nor in previous years. 

17

 Data for dry garbage was not collected in previous years. 

18

 Data for wet garbage was not collected in previous years. 

19

 Data for recycled materials was not collected in previous years.

58 Shui On Land Limited


GRI

Disclosure

Item

Unit

2020

302-1

Energy consumption within the organization  

Natural gas

Litre

1,548,873 

Diesel

12,442 

Gasoline

50,505 

Electricity

MWh

106,156 

302-3 

Energy Intensity

Taipingqiao Project

MWh/1000m

2

15.31 

Rui Hong Project

13.04 

Shanghai KIC 

19.28 

Hongqiao Project

23.20 

Wuhan Project

28.85 

Chongqing Project

25.57 

Foshan Project

11.80 

305-6

Emissions of ozone-depleting substances 

CH4 (methane) 

kg

116,047 

Fire extinguishers

15,773 

Refrigerant - R134a/kg

43,212 

Refrigerant - R410a/Kg

654 

307-1  

Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations 

Total monetary value of significant fines (HKD)

#

0

Total number of non-monetary sanctions

0

Cases brought through dispute resolution mechanisms

0

2020 Sustainable Development Report 59


Appendices

Social performance

HKEX

KPI

Description

Unit

2020

2019

2018

B1.1

Employment by gender

Male

# employees

 1,662 

 1,705 

1,647

Female

 1,479 

 1,532 

1,467

Total

 3,141 

 3,237 

3,114 

B1.1 

Employment by contract type

20

Permanent contract

# employees

 876 

  21

-

Temporary contract

 2,265 

  22

-

B1.1

Employment by employment type

Full time

# employees

 3,141 

  23

-

Part-time

0 24

-

-

B1.1

Employment by age group

Under 30 years

# employees

 570 

 629 

673

30 - 50 years

 2,206 

 2,251 

2,069 

50 year and above

 365 

 357 

372

B1.1 

Employment by geographical region

Hong Kong

# employees

8

7

-

Mainland China

3,133 

3,230

-

B1.1 

Employment by employee category

Senior Management 

# employees

 122 

126

  25

Middle Management 

 289 

271

  26

Staff

 2,550 

2676

  27

Operational staff

 180 

164

  28

B1.2 

Employee turnover rate by gender

Male

%

21%

23%

31%

Female

17%

20%

25%

B1.2  

Employee turnover rate by age group

Under 30 years

%

24%

27%

35%

30 - 50 years

17%

21%

26%

50 year and above

26%

17%

25%

B1.2 

Employee turnover rate by geographical region

Hong Kong

%

 13%

  29

 -

Mainland China

19%

22%

28%

B2.1

Number and rate of workplace fatalities

Number of workplace fatalities

# employees

Employees

Workers

0

1

0

1 30

Rate

%

0

0

0.03%

20

According to the Chinese law, employers can sign with its employees two fixed term employment contracts, each for up to 3 years.  At the end of the second fixed term contract, 

the employment can be continued with a non-fixed term contract. SOL employees under fixed term contracts have been accounted for as “Temporary contract” employees and 

SOL employees under non-fixed term contracts have been accounted for as “Permanent contract”.

21-23 Relevant figures are disclosed from 2020 onwards

24

In general SOL does not hire on a part-time basis. We do offer part-time internships, of which 37 positions were held in 2020. 

25-28 Relevant figures are disclosed from 2019 onwards

29

Relevant figures are disclosed from 2020 onwards

30

Fatality of a worker of SOL’s contractor

60 Shui On Land Limited


HKEX

KPI

Description

Unit

2020

2019

2018

B2.2

Lost days due to work injury

Number of lost days due to work injury

# days

483

493

305

B3.1

Percentage of employees trained by gender

Male

%

94.5%

91.4%

87.9%

Female

88.8%

81.3%

75.9%

B3.1  

Percentage of employees trained by employee category

Senior Management 

%

95.9%

78.7%

74.3%

Middle Management 

96.9%

90.1%

82.3%

Staff

90.5%

86.5%

84.4%

Operational staff

100%

  31

-

B3.2  

Average training hours completed by gender

Male

Hours

26.7

20.6

18.0

Female

16.4

12.9

13.4

B3.2    

Average training hours completed by employee category

Senior Management 

Hour

16.9

12.1

12.0

Middle Management 

23.9

18.2

14.4

Staff

21.8

16.8

15.3

Operational staff

22.2

  32

-

B5.1

Number of suppliers by geographical region

Number of increased Chinese Mainland suppliers

#

297

398 

55 

Number of increased Chinese Mainland contractors

248

172 

36 

Suppliers from Hong Kong

52

  33

-

Suppliers from China

4,627 

4,299 

3,901 

Suppliers from elsewhere

67 

64 

  34

B6.2   

Number of products and service-related complaints received and how they are dealt with.

Total services related complaints received

#

285

352

317

Compliant handling rate

%

100%

100%

100%

Overall customer satisfaction of the properties 

# out of 100

94.7 

94.1

91.7

Residential customer satisfaction 

95.1 

94.8

90.8

Office building customer satisfaction 

93.8 

94.7

95.7

Shopping mall customer satisfaction

95.2 

92.8

91.1

B7.1 

Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer or its employees during the reporting period and 

the outcomes of the cases

Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt 

practices brought against the company

#

0

0

0

Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt 

practices brought against any company employees

0

0

0

B8.2 

Resources contributed (e.g., money or time) to the focus area.

Total charitable donations by employees

RMB

66,228 

23,800

94,071

Total charitable donations by company

13,353,671 

3,750,000

3,090,000

Total charitable donations (in cash)

13,419,899 

3,773,800

3,184,071

Total hours of employee volunteering contributed

Hours

2,192 

360

460

31-33 Relevant figures are disclosed from 2020 onwards

34

Relevant figures are disclosed from 2019 onwards

2020 Sustainable Development Report 61


Appendices

SASB TOPIC

CODE

ACCOUNTING METRIC

2020

Employee Diversity &amp; 

Inclusion

FN-AC-330a.1

Percentage of gender and racial/ethnic group representation for:35

(1) executive management,

37%

(2) non-executive management

40%

(3) professionals, and

50%

(4) all other employees

19%

Business Ethics

FN-AC-510a.1

Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal 

proceedings associated with fraud, insider trading, anti-

trust, anti-competitive behavior, market manipulation, 

malpractice, or other related financial industry laws or 

regulations

RMB 0

FN-AC-510a.2

Description of whistleblower policies and procedures

Found in the Corporate Governance 

35

Only the percentage of gender is provided as racial/ethnic make-up of the company is predominantly Han Chinese.

- Steer the business with integrity

- Raising Concerns on Ethical 

 Practices section. 

62 Shui On Land Limited


36

Fatality of a worker of SOL’s contractor

GRI

Disclosure

Item

Unit

2020

204-1 

Proportion of spending on local suppliers

Percentage of products and services purchased locally

%

100%

205-2

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures  

Communicated about organization's anti-corruption policies &amp; procedures

%

100%

Trained on Organization's anti-corruption policies and procedures

100%

401-3 

Parental Leave - Total number of employees that took parental leave 

Male

#

26 

Female

75 

Total

101 

Total number of employees that returned to work after parental leave ended that were still employed 12 months after their return to 

work

Male

#

26 

Female

75 

Total

101 

Retention rates of employees that took parental leave  

Male

%

100%

Female

100%

Total

100%

403-9

Work-related injuries 

Number of fatalities as a result of work-related injury

#

Employees

Workers

0

1

36

Rate of fatalities as a result of work-related injury

%

-

Number of high-consequence work-related injuries (excluding fatalities)

#

0

Rate of high-consequence work-related injuries (excluding fatalities)

0

Number of recordable work-related injuries

13

Rate of recordable work-related injuries

%

-

405-1

Diversity of governance body

by Age group 

&lt; 30 years old

%

0%

30-50 years old

11.1%

&gt; 50 years old 

88.9%

By Gender 

Male

%

88.9%

Female

11.1%

414-1

 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria  

Contractors

#

248

Suppliers

297

Government Supporting Facilities

10

2020 Sustainable Development Report 63


Content Index

This index references information related to disclosures from the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability 

Reporting Standards of 2016 (unless indicated otherwise) as well as the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (HKEX) 

ESG Guide. The reported information may meet in part or in full the requirements of each GRI disclosure listed.

GRI 

Standards 

(2016) 

HKEX ESG 

Guide 

Disclosure 

Reporting Location

Section cross reference, additional 

information or explanation

GRI 102: General Disclosures 

Organizational Profile

102-1

--

Name of the organization

About Shui On Land

About Shui On Land - Our Profile and 

Market Presence

--

102-2

--

Activities, brands, products, and 

services

--

102-3

--

Location of headquarters

--

102-4

--

Location of operations

--

102-5

--

Ownership and legal form

--

102-6

--

Markets served

--

102-7

Scale of the organization

About Shui On Land - Our Profile and 

Market Presence

Care

--

102-8

KPI B1.1

Information on employees and other 

workers

Care

Performance Summary – Social 

data

--

102-9

KPI B5.1 

KPI B5.2

Supply chain

Stakeholder engagement

Community - Enhance partnerships 

and engagement

Performance summary - Social Data

--

102-10

--

Significant changes to the organization 

and its supply chain

Content Index

There were no significant changes to the 

organisation’s size, structure, ownership, or 

supply chain in 2020. 

102-13

--

Membership of associations

Spotlight: Leading the industry on 

green building best practices

--

Strategy

102-14 

--

Statement from senior decision-maker

Chairman’s Message

--

102-15 

--

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

Corporate Governance - Embed 

sustainability - Incorporating ESG-

related risks into enterprise risk 

management

--

Ethics and Integrity   

102-16

--

Values, principles, standards, and norms 

of behavior

About Shui On Land - Our Corporate 

Philosophy and Culture

--

102-17

--

Mechanisms for advice and concerns 

about ethics

Corporate Governance - Steer the 

business with integrity -Raising 

Concerns on Ethical Practices

--

Governance 

102-18

--

Governance structure

Approach to Sustainable 

Development - Becoming a Pioneer 

in Sustainable Urban Communities

Corporate Governance 

--

102-20

--

Executive-level responsibility for 

economic, environmental, and social 

topics

--

Appendices

64 Shui On Land Limited


GRI 

Standards 

(2016) 

HKEX ESG 

Guide 

Disclosure 

Reporting Location

Section cross reference, additional 

information or explanation

102-26

--

Role of highest governance body in 

setting purpose, values, and strategy

--

102-29

GD A4

Identifying and managing economic, 

environmental, and social impacts

--

102-31

--

Review of economic, environmental, 

and social topics

--

102-32

--

Highest governance body’s role in 

sustainability reporting 

--

Stakeholder Engagement

 

 

102-40

--

List of stakeholder groups

About this Report - Stakeholder 

engagement

--

102-41

--

Collective bargaining agreements

Content Index 

Not reported – All of SOL’s employees 

are in Mainland China or in Hong Kong 

where there is no statutory recognition of 

collective bargaining agreements.

102-42

--

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

About this Report - Stakeholder 

engagement

--

102-43

--

Approach to stakeholder engagement

102-44

--

Key topics and concerns raised

--

Reporting Practice 

102-45

--

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements

Content Index

SOL 2020 Annual Report, page 205

102-46

--

Defining report content and topic 

Boundaries

About this Report – Material ESG 

Topics – Boundary 

Our subsidiary Shui On Investment 

Management Limited was not included 

in previous reports. Otherwise, there is 

no significant change in the reporting 

boundary of this Report from that of our 

2019 SD Report. 

102-47

--

List of material topics

About this Report – Material ESG 

Topics

--

102-48

--

Restatements of information

Content Index

--

102-49

--

Changes in reporting

Content Index

There are no significant changes from 

previous reporting periods in the list of 

material topics and topic Boundaries. 

102-50

--

Reporting period

About this Report

--

102-51

--

Date of most recent report

--

102-52

--

Reporting cycle

--

102-53

--

Contact point for questions regarding 

the report

About this Report – Contact and 

Feedback

--

102-54

--

Claims of reporting in accordance with 

the GRI Standards

About this Report

--

102-55

--

GRI content index

Content Index

--

102-56

--

External assurance

Content Index 

Since 2011, we have engaged a third-

party – TÜV Rheinland – to verify 

the greenhouse gas emissions of our 

properties.

MATERIAL TOPICS - GRI 200 SERIES (ECONOMIC TOPICS) 

GRI 201: Economic Performance

103-2 

(c-i) 37

General 

Disclosure 

(GD) B8

Discussion of management approach 

and related policies

Clean – Transition towards carbon 

neutrality

--

37

Unless otherwise indicated, GRI 103-3 is omitted for each material topic as at this time, SOL does not have any mechanisms for monitoring the effectiveness of the management 

approach.

2020 Sustainable Development Report 65


GRI 

Standards 

(2016) 

HKEX ESG 

Guide 

Disclosure 

Reporting Location

Section cross reference, additional 

information or explanation

201-1 

KPI B8.2

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed

Operating responsibly in challenging 

times

Community

Community – Volunteering

--

201-2 

KPI A4.1

Financial implications and other risks 

and opportunities due to climate 

change 

Clean – Climate change mitigation 

and adaptation

--

201-3 

--

Defined benefit plan obligations and 

other retirement plans 

Care – Improve Employee Wellbeing

--

GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts

103-2

 (c-i)

GD KPI B8

Discussion of management approach 

and related policies

Community

--

203-2

KPI B8.1

Significant indirect economic impacts

Performance summary - Social Data

--

GRI 204: Procurement Practices, GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment, GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment and HKEX Aspect B5 Supply 

Chain Management

103-1, 

103-2

 (c-i)

GD B5 

KPI B5.3

Discussion of management approach 

and related policies (Description 

of practices used to identify 

environmental and social risks along 

the supply chain, and how they are 

implemented and monitored)

Community - Enhance partnerships 

and engagement

Performance summary - Social Data

--

--

KPI B5.4

Description of practices used to 

promote environmentally preferable 

products and services when 

selecting suppliers, and how they are 

implemented and monitored.

About this Report - Stakeholder 

engagement

Community - Enhance partnerships 

and engagement

--

204-1

--

Proportion of spending on local 

suppliers

Performance summary - Social Data

--

308-1

--

New suppliers that were screened 

using

environmental criteria

Community - Enhance partnerships 

and engagement

--

414-1

--

New suppliers that were screened 

using social criteria

--

414-2

--

Negative social impacts in the supply 

chain and actions taken

--

GRI 205: Anti-corruption

103-1 and 

103-2

 (c-i)

GD B7

Discussion of management approach 

and related policies

Corporate Governance - Steer the 

business with integrity

Corporate Governance - Embed 

sustainability - Making our corporate 

governance more sustainable

--

205-2

--

Communication and training 

about anti-corruption policies and 

procedures

Corporate Governance - Steer the 

business with integrity

Performance summary - Social Data

--

205-3

KPI B7.1

Confirmed incidents of corruption and 

actions taken (Number of concluded 

legal cases regarding corrupt practices 

brought against the issuer or its 

employees and the outcomes of the 

cases)

Performance summary - Social Data

There were no confirmed incidents of 

corruption or violations of our Code of 

Conduct in 2020, and neither the Company 

nor its employees were involved in any 

legal cases regarding corrupt practices. 

--

KPI B7.2

Description of preventive measures 

and whistle-blowing procedures, how 

they are implemented and monitored.

Corporate Governance - Steer the 

business with integrity -Raising 

Concerns on Ethical Practices

Four cases of fraud were received, 

investigated, and concluded by the Group 

this year.

Appendices

66 Shui On Land Limited


GRI 

Standards 

(2016) 

HKEX ESG 

Guide 

Disclosure 

Reporting Location

Section cross reference, additional 

information or explanation

MATERIAL TOPICS - GRI 300 SERIES (ENVIRONMENTAL TOPICS) and HKEX ENVIRONMENTAL SUBJECT AREA

GRI 301: Materials

103-2 

(c-i)

GD A2 

GD A3

Discussion of management approach 

and related policies

Clean – Build green and healthy 

communities

--

301-1

KPI A2.5

Materials used by weight or volume 

(Total packaging material used for 

finished products (in tonnes) and, if 

applicable, with reference to per unit 

produced.)

Content Index

Not applicable. The Group mainly provides 

real estate development and operation 

services which do not involve packaging 

materials used for manufactured goods.

GRI 302: Energy

103-1, 

103-2 

(c-i)

GD A2 

GD A3

Discussion of management approach 

and related policies

Clean

Clean – Build green and healthy 

communities

During the reporting period, we have 

complied with all applicable environmental 

laws and regulations related to energy 

management, such as;

Mainland China: 

- Environmental Protection Law of the 

People's Republic of China

- Energy Conservation Law of the People's 

Republic of China

302-1

KPI A2.1

Energy consumption within the 

organization

Clean – Building green and healthy 

communities

Performance Summary – 

Environmental performance

--

302-4

KPI A2.3

Reduction of energy consumption 

(Description of energy use efficiency 

initiatives and results achieved.)

Clean – Transition towards carbon 

neutrality

--

302-3

KPI A2.1

Energy intensity

Clean – Building green and healthy 

communities

Performance Summary – 

Environmental performance

--

GRI 303: Water and effluents (2018) 

103-1, 

103-2

 (c-i)

GD A2 

GD A3

Discussion of management approach 

and related policies

Clean – Building green and healthy 

communities

Clean –Water conservation

During the reporting period, we have 

complied with all applicable environmental 

laws and regulations related to water 

discharge, such as;

Mainland China: 

- Soil Pollution Prevention and Control Law 

of the People's Republic of China

- Water Pollution Prevention and Control - 

- Law of the People's Republic of China

- Law of the People's Republic of China on 

the Prevention and Control of Environment 

Pollution Caused by Solid Wastes

- Water Law of the People's Republic of 

China

- Water and Soil Conservation Law of the 

People's Republic of China

Hong Kong: 

- Water Pollution Control Ordinance 

(Cap.358)

303-1 

(a and c)

KPI A3.1

Interactions with water as a shared 

resource (Description of the 

significant impacts of activities on the 

environment and natural resources 

and the actions taken to manage 

them.)

Clean – Building green and healthy 

communities

--

2020 Sustainable Development Report 67


GRI 

Standards 

(2016) 

HKEX ESG 

Guide 

Disclosure 

Reporting Location

Section cross reference, additional 

information or explanation

303-3

KPI A2.4

Water withdrawal  (Description of 

whether there is any issue in sourcing 

water that is fit for purpose, water 

efficiency initiatives and results 

achieved.)

Clean – Water conservation

The water consumed by our Group in 

Mainland China and Hong Kong comes 

from municipal water supplies. There were 

no issues related to sourcing water that 

was fit for purpose in 2020.

303-5

KPI A2.2

Water consumption (in total and 

intensity (e.g. per unit of production 

volume, per facility).)

Clean – Building green and healthy 

communities – Water conservation

Performance Summary –

Environmental performance

--

GRI 305: Emissions

103-1, 

103-2

 (c-i) 

307-1

GD A1 

GD A3

Discussion of management approach 

and related policies

Clean

Clean – Emission management

Content Index

During the reporting period, we have 

complied with all applicable environmental 

laws and regulations related to emissions, 

such as; 

 

Mainland China:  

- Energy Conservation Law of the People's 

Republic of China 

- Atmospheric Pollution Prevention and 

Control Law of the People's Republic of 

China 

 

Hong Kong:  

- Air Pollution Control Ordinance (Cap.311) 

- Ozone Layer Protection Ordinance 

(Cap.403) 

- Motor Vehicle Idling (Fixed Penalty) 

Ordinance (Cap. 611)

305 -1 

KPI A1.1 

KPI A1.2 

KPI A1.5

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Clean – Emission management

Performance Summary – 

Environmental performance

--

305 -2 

Other Indirect (Scope 2) GHG 

emissions

--

305 -4 

GHG emission intensities

--

305 -5 

Reduction of GHG emissions

--

305-7 

Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides 

(SOx), and other significant air 

emissions

--

GRI 306: Waste (2020)

103-1, 

103-2 

(c-i)

GD A1 

GD A3

Discussion of management approach 

and related policies

Clean

Clean – Reduce waste in our 

portfolio

Content Index

During the reporting period, we have 

complied with all applicable environmental 

laws and regulations related to waste 

management, such as; 

 

Mainland China:  

- Law of the People's Republic of China on 

Evaluation of Environmental Effects 

- Environmental Protection Law of the 

People's Republic of China 

- Environmental Protection Tax Law of the 

People's Republic of China 

- Soil Pollution Prevention and Control Law 

of the People's Republic of China 

- Law of the People's Republic of China on 

the Prevention and Control of Environment 

Pollution Caused by Solid Wastes 

- Water and Soil Conservation Law of the 

People's Republic of China 

 

Hong Kong:  

- Waste Disposal Ordinance (Cap.354)

Appendices

68 Shui On Land Limited


GRI 

Standards 

(2016) 

HKEX ESG 

Guide 

Disclosure 

Reporting Location

Section cross reference, additional 

information or explanation

306-2 (a)

KPI A3.1

Management of significant waste-

related impacts (Description of the 

significant impacts of activities on the 

environment and natural resources 

and the actions taken to manage 

them.)

Clean – Building green and healthy 

communities

Community – Enhance partnerships 

and engagement

--

306-3 (a)

KPI A1.3

KPI A1.4

Waste generated (Total hazardous 

and non-hazardous waste produced 

(in tonnes) and, where appropriate, 

intensity (e.g. per unit of production 

volume, per facility).)

Performance Summary – 

Environmental performance

Content Index

Not applicable. The Group does not 

produce large amount of hazardous waste 

during operation. 

Small amounts of hazardous waste (e.g., 

toner cartridges) are disposed of by a 

qualified institution and relevant figures 

will be disclosed in 2021. 

--

KPI A1.6

Description of how hazardous and 

non-hazardous wastes are handled, 

reduction initiatives and results 

achieved.

Clean – Reduce waste in our 

portfolio

--

MATERIAL TOPICS -  GRI 400 SERIES (SOCIAL TOPICS) and HKEX SOCIAL SUBJECT AREA

GRI 401: Employment

103-2

 (c-i) 

419-1

GD B1

Discussion of management approach 

and related policies

Care

Content Index

During the reporting period, we have 

complied with all applicable labour laws 

related to compensation and dismissal, 

recruitment, and promotion, working 

hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, 

diversity, anti-discrimination and other 

benefits and welfare, such as;

Mainland China: 

- Labor Law of the People's Republic of 

China

- Labor Contract Law of the People's 

Republic of China

- Employment Promotion Law of the 

People's Republic of China

- Social Insurance Law of the People's 

Republic of China

- Trade Union Law of the People's Republic 

of China

- Labor Dispute Mediation and Arbitration 

- Law of the People's Republic of China

- Law of the People's Republic of China 

on the Protection of Women's Rights and 

Interests

Hong Kong:

- Employment Ordinance (Cap. 57)

401-1(b)

KPI B1.2

New employee hires and employment 

turnover

Performance Summary – Social 

data

--

401-2

--

Benefits provided to full-time 

employees that are not provided to 

temporary or part-time employees

Care – Improve Employee Wellbeing 

--

401-3

--

Parental leave

Care – Improve Employee Wellbeing

Performance Summary – Social 

data

--

GRI 403: Occupational Health &amp; Safety (2018)

103-1, 

103-2 

(c-i) 

403-1 

419-1

GD B2 

KPI B2.3

Discussion of management approach 

and related policies (Description 

of occupational health and safety 

measures adopted, and how they are 

implemented and monitored.)

Care – Ensure health and safety for 

all

Performance Summary – Social 

data

--

2020 Sustainable Development Report 69


GRI 

Standards 

(2016) 

HKEX ESG 

Guide 

Disclosure 

Reporting Location

Section cross reference, additional 

information or explanation

403-9 

403-10

KPI B2.1

Work-related injuries and Work-related 

ill health (Types of injury and rates 

of injury, occupational diseases, lost 

days, and absenteeism, and number of 

work-related fatalities)

Care – Ensure health and safety for 

all

Performance Summary – Social 

data

--

--

KPI B2.2

Lost days due to work injury

Performance Summary – Social 

data

--

403-8

--

Workers covered by an occupational 

health and safety management system

Care – Ensure health and safety for 

all

GRI 404: Training and Education and HKEX Aspect B3 Development and Training

103-1, 

103-2 

(c-i) 

404-2 (a)

GD B3

Discussion of management approach 

and related policies (Programs 

for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programs)

Care – Provide equal opportunities in 

training and development

--

--

KPI B3.1

The percentage of employees trained 

by gender and employee category

Performance Summary – Social 

data

--

404-1 

KPI B3.2

Average hours of training per year per 

employee

Performance Summary – Social 

data

--

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

103-2 

(c-i) 

419-1

GD B1

Discussion of management approach 

and related policies

Care

Care - Create a diverse and inclusive 

workplace

--

405-1 (b)

KPI B1.1

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees (total number of employees 

by age group)

Care - Create a diverse and inclusive 

workplace

Performance Summary – Social 

data

--

GRI 408: Child Labor and GRI 409: Forced or Compulsory Labor and HKEX Aspect B4: Labour Standards

103-1, 

103-2

 (c-i) 

419-1

GD B4

Discussion of management approach 

and related policies 

Corporate governance - Steer the 

business with integrity- Measures to 

prevent forced and child labour

When it comes to our labour practices, 

we strictly prohibit any child or forced 

labour and comply with all applicable local 

laws and regulations such as the Chinese 

Labour Law, the Law on the Protection of 

Women’s Rights and Interests, the Law 

on the Protection of Minors, Regulations 

on the Prohibition of Child Labour, and the 

Notice on the Prohibition of Child Labour.

408-1 (c)  

409-1(b)

KPI B4.1 

KPI B4.2

Operations and suppliers at significant 

risk for incidents of child labor 

(Description of measures to review 

employment practices to avoid child 

and forced labour.)

--

Appendices

70 Shui On Land Limited


GRI 

Standards 

(2016) 

HKEX ESG 

Guide 

Disclosure 

Reporting Location

Section cross reference, additional 

information or explanation

GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety and GRI 418: Customer Privacy and HKEX Aspect B6 Product Responsibility

103-1, 

103-2 

(c-i) 

416-2

GD B6 

KPI B6.5

Discussion of management approach 

and related policies (Incidents of non-

compliance concerning the health 

and safety impacts of products and 

services)

Community - Embed health and 

sustainability into the community 

experience - Tenant and customer 

wellbeing and safety

Content Index

While not a material topic, during the 

reporting period, we have complied with all 

applicable laws and regulations relating to 

intellectual property rights and advertising 

trademarks, such as;

Advertising Law of the People's Republic 

of China

Provisions on the Release of Real Estate 

Advertisements

Real Estate Sales Management Measures

General Principles of the Civil Law of the 

People's Republic of China

Public Security Administration 

Punishments Law of the People's Republic 

of China

Law of the People's Republic of China on 

the Protection of Consumer Rights and 

Interests

Trademark Law of the People's Republic of 

China

Patent Law of the People's Republic of 

China

--

KPI B6.1

Percentage of total products sold or 

shipped subject to recalls for safety 

and health reasons.

Content Index

Not an applicable material topic. The 

Group mainly provides real estate 

development and operation services, not 

involving product recalls.

418-1

KPI B6.2

Substantiated complaints concerning 

breaches of customer privacy and 

losses of customer data (Number 

of products and service related 

complaints received and how they are 

dealt with.)

Performance summary - Social Data

--

--

KPI B6.3

Description of practices relating to 

observing and protecting intellectual 

property rights.

Content Index

Not an applicable material topic

--

KPI B6.4

Description of quality assurance 

process and recall procedures.

Content Index

Not an applicable material topic

2020 Sustainable Development Report 71
































