
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



SIIC Environment Holdings Ltd. 

Sustainability Report 2020 

 


 

 

Table of Contents 

 

1. About this Report................................................................................................... 1 

1.1 Reporting Scope .............................................................................................. 1 

1.2 Reporting Guideline ......................................................................................... 1 

1.3 Disclaimer of the Report .................................................................................. 1 

1.4 Access and Feedback ...................................................................................... 1 

2. About SIIC Environment ........................................................................................ 2 

2.1 Overview .......................................................................................................... 2 

2.2 Business Outlook ............................................................................................. 2 

3. Corporate Governance .......................................................................................... 3 

3.1 Sustainability Governance Structure ................................................................ 3 

3.2 Board Statement .............................................................................................. 3 

3.3 Stakeholder Engagement ................................................................................ 4 

3.4 Materiality Assessment .................................................................................... 4 

3.5 Compliance Management and Anti-Corruption............................................... 11 

4. Environment ........................................................................................................ 13 

4.1 Environmental Management Overview .......................................................... 13 

4.2 Wastewater and Air Emissions Management  ................................................ 13 

4.2.1 Wastewater Management ........................................................................ 14 

4.2.2 Air Pollutant Emission Management ........................................................ 15 

4.2.3 Greenhouse Gas Emission Management and Climate Change Action .... 18 

4.3 Hazardous and Non-Hazardous Waste Management .................................... 18 

4.3.1 Hazardous Waste Management .............................................................. 18 

4.3.2 Non-Hazardous Waste Management ....................................................... 19 

4.4 Resource Consumption Management ............................................................ 20 

4.4.1 Chemical and Energy Consumption ........................................................ 20 

4.4.2 Water Consumption ................................................................................. 21 

4.4.3 Green Office ............................................................................................ 23 

4.5 Environmental Performance Data  ................................................................. 24 

4.5.1 Wastewater Treatment Business Line ..................................................... 24 

4.5.2 Water Supply Business Line .................................................................... 28 

4.5.3 Sludge Treatment Business Line  ............................................................ 30 

4.5.4 Waste Incineration Business Line ............................................................ 33 

5. Social .................................................................................................................. 36 

5.1 Service Quality and Standards ....................................................................... 36 


 

 

5.1.1 Safeguarding Water Quality and Sanitation ............................................. 36 

5.1.2 Enhancing Customer Satisfaction ............................................................ 37 

5.1.3 Research and Development .................................................................... 37 

5.2 Supply Chain Management ............................................................................ 38 

5.3 Occupational Health and Safety ..................................................................... 39 

5.4 Employment Management and Employee Welfare ........................................ 44 

5.4.1 Employment and Labour Practices .......................................................... 44 

5.4.2 Employee Compensation and Benefits .................................................... 46 

5.4.3 Training and Development ...................................................................... 48 

5.5 Giving Back to Community ............................................................................. 50 

5.5.1 Protecting the Environment ..................................................................... 50 

5.5.2 Conducting Community Service .............................................................. 51 

6. Featured Chapter: With Solidarity, We Forge Ahead ........................................... 53 

6.1 Swift Response and Employee Protection  .................................................... 53 

6.2 Working Together to Support Local Communities  ......................................... 54 

6.3 Combatting Flood and Safeguarding Livelihoods ........................................... 57 

Appendix: Hong Kong Stock Exchange ESG Reporting Guide Content Index ......... 59 

 


1 

 

1. About this Report 

This Sustainability Report (“Report”) aims to provide investors and related 

stakeholders with disclosures pertaining to the environmental, social, and governance 

(“ESG”) performance of SIIC Environment Holdings Ltd. (together with its subsidiaries, 

collectively “SIIC Environment”, the “Company” or “we”). 

1.1 Reporting Scope 

Reporting Period: Unless otherwise specified, this Report covers the period from 1 

January 2020 to 31 December 2020 (“Reporting Period”). 

Business Scope: This Report covers the Company’s headquarters, as well as projects 

that were in operation during the Reporting Period at the Company’s major business 

units, including SIIC Environment Holdings (Wuhan) Co., Ltd. (“Central BU”), Nanfang 

Water Co., Ltd. (“South BU”), SIIC Environment Holdings (Weifang) Co., Ltd. (“North 

BU”), Longjiang Environmental Protection Group Co., Ltd. (“Northeast BU”), Fudan 

Water Engineering and Technology Co., Ltd. (“East BU”), Waste Incineration 

Division, and Ranhill Water (Hong Kong) Ltd. (“Ranhill Water”). 

1.2 Reporting Guideline 

This Report is prepared in accordance with the “Comply or Explain” provisions and the 

Materiality, Quantitative, Balance, and Consistency principles of the ESG Reporting 

Guide set out in Appendix 27 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the 

“Hong Kong Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“SEHK”). 

In addition, this report is prepared by taking reference from the guidance under the 

Sustainability Reporting Guide set out as Practice Note 7.6 of the Listing Manual of the 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX”), and is prepared with 

reference to the internationally recognised Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards, 

which represents the global best practices for reporting on a range of economic, 

environmental, and social impacts. We seek to adhere to the above reporting 

frameworks’ generic sustainability considerations, general principles and indicators, 

and applied them to report our sustainability policies, practices, performance, and 

targets on our activities. In order to fully understand the Company’s ESG performance, 

this Report should be read in conjunction with the Corporate Governance Report within 

the Company’s Annual Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 

1.3 Disclaimer of the Report 

This Report presents the Company’s sustainability philosophy, actions, and 

achievements during the Reporting Period. The Company’s Board (“Board”) of 

Directors (“Directors”) is responsible for the reliability, truthfulness, objectivity, and 

completeness of the content of this Report. We recorded the ESG data in an online 

ESG data collection system and have verified the data internally before external 

reporting. 

This Report is published in both English and Traditional Chinese. Should there be any 

discrepancy between the two versions, the English version shall prevail. 

1.4 Access and Feedback 

This Report is available at the HKEx News website of the Hong Kong Exchanges and 

Clearing Limited (www.hkexnews.hk), the website of the SGX-ST (www.sgx.com) and 

the official website of the Company (www.siicenv.com). 

We welcome all stakeholders to provide valuable comments and suggestions in 


2 

 

relation to this Report by contacting us at: info@siicenv.com. 

 

2. About SIIC Environment 

2.1 Overview 

SIIC Environment is one of the leading investors and operators in the environmental 

industry in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”). We engage in wastewater 

treatment, water supply, sludge treatment, solid waste incineration, and other 

environmental related businesses.  

As of the end of 2020, the Company holds over 200 wastewater treatment and water 

supply projects with a total design capacity of around 13 million tonnes/day, as well as 

8 waste incineration power generation projects and 10 sludge treatment projects, 

across 19 provinces and municipalities in China. Our water projects and sludge 

treatment services are offered and managed through the Central BU, South BU, North 

BU, Northeast BU, and East BU. Our waste incineration power generation business is 

managed by the Waste Incineration Division. Ranhill Water mainly carries out industrial 

wastewater treatment and other public utility services.  

2.2 Business Outlook 

2021 is the opening year of China’s 14th Five-Year Plan, which emphasises the 

importance of actions against climate change. The country has also announced its 

goal of achieving peak carbon dioxide (“CO2”) emissions by 2030 and carbon neutrality 

by 2060. We fully support these goals by encouraging the use of renewable energy 

across our operations and further developing the waste incineration power generation 

business, which helps reduce the amount of carbon emissions generated from fossil 

fuel usage.   

Following the Yangtze River Delta Regional Integrated Development Plan set out in 

the 14th Five-Year Plan, the Company will focus on the wastewater and waste 

incineration business in the Yangtze River Economic Belt, seizing the development 

trends of the environmental protection industry. Our benchmark waste incineration 

power plant in the Yangtze River Delta region – Shanghai Baoshan Renewable Energy 

Utilisation Centre Project, is expected to commence operation in 2022, with a total 

design capacity of up to 3,800 tonnes/day. 

The Company’s businesses have fully recovered from the impacts of the COVID-19 

pandemic. Under the new normal formed to prevent and monitor the pandemic, we will 

continue to explore new business models, increase R&amp;D activities and proactively 

search for new opportunities in the field of environmental protection in the future. 

 

 


3 

 

3. Corporate Governance 

At SIIC Environment, we fully recognise the importance of good corporate governance 

in protecting shareholders’ interests and enhancing corporate performance and 

accountability. We are committed to establishing corporate governance practices in 

line with the principles, provisions, and recommendations of the Code of Corporate 

Governance 2018 issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore under Singapore’s 

Ministry of Finance and the applicable provisions of the Corporate Governance Code 

set out in Appendix 14 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules. 

3.1 Sustainability Governance Structure 

The Board is the top governance body for SIIC Environment’s sustainable 

development and is responsible for determining the Company’s ESG-related risks, 

ensuring the effectiveness of ESG risk management and internal control systems, 

periodically reviewing the Company’s sustainability performance, and continuing to 

improve the Company’s sustainability related work.  

The Board delegates to its Risk and Investment Management Committee (“RIMC”) to 

participate in the development of ESG management approach and policies and 

oversee the implementation of ESG-related work plans. The RIMC provides strategic 

advice to the Board on identifying key stakeholder groups, managing any material ESG 

issues, setting ESG targets, and tracking progress against the targets. The Risk 

Committee and senior management regularly review the Company's operations to 

identify areas with significant risks, including ESG-related risks, and develop 

appropriate measures to control and mitigate those risks. Our internal auditors assist 

the RIMC in assessing whether the Company's internal controls are adequate, 

effective, and performing as intended. 

The Company’s ESG working group (“ESG Working Group”) forms the next level of 

our sustainability governance structure. The ESG Working Group comprises senior 

management and employees from various departments who possess good 

understanding of the Company’s operations and relevant ESG matters. The ESG 

Working Group is responsible for preparing the Company’s annual sustainability 

reports, including coordinating stakeholder engagement in materiality assessments of 

the ESG issues, and liaising with designated personnel in charge of ESG-related 

matters from the business units within the reporting scope to collect and validate ESG 

data within the Reporting Period. 

3.2 Board Statement 

The Board considers ESG issues as part of its strategic formulation and takes overall 

responsibility for the Company’s ESG strategy and reporting. The Board has identified 

and evaluated material ESG factors, oversees the management and monitoring of 

these factors, and continues to actively seek sustainable development opportunities 

for the Company. 

During the Reporting Period, the Company’s Directors actively participated in the 

materiality assessment of relevant ESG issues, prioritising the issues based on their 

level of impact to the Company's business. The assessment results were combined 

with opinions from other stakeholder groups to identify issues with high level of 

materiality, which will be the focus of our future ESG work. 

The Board manages ESG risks and opportunities in line with the Company’s business 

strategy, regulatory changes, and industry trends, and continues to improve the ESG 


4 

 

target setting and tracking mechanism to enhance the Company’s ESG performance. 

3.3 Stakeholder Engagement 

The Company recognises the importance of establishing and maintaining effective 

communication with external stakeholders to understand and address their needs and 

concerns in a timely manner. We have identified eight external stakeholder groups that 

are key to the Company’s business and operations, and have developed engagement 

channels tailored to each group. 

Stakeholders 

Methods of Communication 

Shareholders and Investors 

Annual reports, quarterly results, interim reports, 

public announcements, circulars, press releases, 

annual and extraordinary general meetings, non-

deal roadshows, individual and group meetings 

Employees 

Company meetings and departmental meetings, 

annual staff meetings, questionnaires, internal 

emails 

Customers 

Customer meetings, customer satisfaction surveys, 

on-site visits 

Business Partners and 

Suppliers 

Partner meetings, questionnaires, seminars, on-

site visits 

Industry Associations and 

NGOs 

Industry conferences, company website, official 

reports, online communication, offline surveys 

Local Communities and the 

Public 

Volunteer activities, public hearings, open houses, 

on-site visits  

Media 

Press releases, interviews, and announcements 

Government and 

Regulators 

Government meetings, supervision, assessments, 

questionnaires, on-site visits 

3.4 Materiality Assessment  

To perform a more comprehensive assessment of the material ESG issues that 

different stakeholder groups of the Company are concerned with, we invited internal 

and external stakeholders to participate in the 2020 materiality assessment online 

survey. An independent sustainability consultant was engaged to assist us in 

conducting the assessment. The assessment process and results are shown in the 

diagram and matrix below. The Board has reviewed and noted the materiality 

assessment results, and this Report will focus on disclosing and discussing relevant 

and material ESG issues. 


5 

 

 

A total of 450 stakeholders participated in the survey and the results were shown in 

the matrix and table below, where the ESG issues are categorised based on levels of 

materiality. 

 



1. Identify key stakeholder groups: We identified ten stakeholder groups that have 

medium/high influence and medium/high dependence on the Company, who are invited to 

participate in the materiality assessment.





2. Establish material ESG issue database: Based on the requirements of SEHK and 

SGX, GRI Standards, the Company's business characteristics, and practices of peer 

companies, we compiled a list of material ESG issues to be included in the stakeholder 

survey.  





3. Conduct online stakeholder survey: We invited the stakeholder groups, including the 

Directors and senior management of the Company and the external stakeholder groups to 

assess the materiality of each ESG issue through an online questionnaire survey. 





4. Survey result analysis: A materiality matrix was formed based on quantitative analysis 

of the survey results. The two-dimensional matrix maps the material ESG issues based on 

the perceived importance to stakeholders and the significance to the Company. 





5. Board's confirmation: The Board confirms the materiality assessment results, where a 

total of nine ESG issues were identified as having the highest importance to stakeholders 

and to the Company, and will be the focus of this Report's disclosure. 




6 

 

Subject Area 

High-level 

Materiality 

Medium-level 

Materiality 

Low-level 

Materiality 

Environment 1. Emissions, 

discharges and 

waste management 

2. Resource 

efficiency 

4. Clean water and 

sanitation 

5. Environmental 

impact management 

6. Promotion of 

environmental 

protection concepts 

3. Greenhouse gas 

emission 

management and 

climate change 

action 

Employment 

and Labour 

Practices 

9. Occupational 

health and safety 

11. Labour 

standards 

7. Equal opportunity 

and employee rights 

8. Employee 

compensation and 

benefits 

10. Employee 

training and 

development 

- 

Operating 

Practices 

13. Service quality 

and standards 

16. Anti-corruption 

17. Compliance 

management 

12. Supply chain 

sustainability 

management 

14. Consumer rights 

and privacy 

protection 

15. Intellectual 

property rights 

protection 

18. R&amp;D and 

innovation 

19. Economic 

performance 

20. Community 

engagement and 

investment 

21. Rights of 

indigenous 

peoples  


7 

 

As shown in the table below, for issues newly identified as highly material in the 2020 assessment, we have set respective long-term targets; for 

issues that remain highly material from past assessments, such as clean water and sanitation, service quality and standards, and occupational 

health and safety, we have reviewed and updated the previously set targets based on the Company’s actual operation and growth strategy, so 

that these targets can continue to apply for the forthcoming year.   

In 2019, we developed short- and medium-term targets related to environmental, social, and governance aspects, including providing customers 

with high-quality municipal services related to water supply and treatment, sludge treatment, and waste incineration under the premise of meeting 

relevant laws and regulations, and further enhancing cooperation with local governments. In 2020, our project companies maintained high quality 

in the municipal services they provide, and further utilised technical expertise and scale advantages to actively engage in and support local 

government’s municipal wastewater treatment efforts.  

Subject Area Issues with High-

level of 

Materiality 

Corresponding 

Chapter 

Long-Term Targets 

2020 Progress 

Overachievements/ 

Shortfalls 

Environment Emissions, 

discharges, and 

waste 

management 

 

4.2 Wastewater 

and Air Emissions 

Management 

4.3 Hazardous 

and Non-

Hazardous Waste 

Management 

Actively and continuously 

exploring opportunities to 

minimise our adverse 

impact on the 

environment. 

Improving treatment 

processes and upgrading 

facilities to ensure full 

compliance with relevant 

environmental laws and 

regulations. 

Progress steadily towards 

the target. 

Resource 

efficiency* 

4.4 Resource 

Consumption 

Management 

Enhancing consumption 

efficiency for water, 

energy, chemical, and 

other resources during 

production and office 

activities; promote 

intelligent management 

system and support the 

development of urban 

smart water 

infrastructure. 

Setting qualitative and 

quantitative targets 

regarding water, 

electricity, and chemical 

consumption at project 

companies; incorporating 

resource efficiency 

considerations into 

project companies’ 

performance review and 

developing reward 

Through effective 

resource management 

measures, some project 

companies surpassed the 

targets and generated 

considerable amount of 

resource savings.  


8 

 

systems.  

Clean water and 

sanitation 

4.4.2 Water 

Consumption 

5.1.1 

Safeguarding 

Water Quality and 

Sanitation 

 

Meeting public demand 

for high-quality water 

through the adherence to 

higher treatment 

requirements. 

Implementing 

comprehensive water 

quality monitoring 

mechanism and 

enhancing emergency 

preparedness for water 

quality incidents. 

Some water supply 

projects may experience 

seasonal fluctuations in 

water supply, and some 

may face safety concerns 

regarding single pipeline 

water transmission. The 

projects have developed 

mechanisms to manage 

these challenges. 

Environmental 

impact 

management 

4. Environment 

Standardising our 

approach to 

environmental 

management, refining our 

environmental 

management systems, 

implementing our 

environmental 

management strategy, 

and ensuring full 

compliance with 

regulatory requirements. 

Continuously improving 

management of air and 

water emissions, 

hazardous and non-

hazardous waste, and 

resource consumption; 

setting qualitative and 

quantitative 

environmental targets at 

project companies. 

Progress steadily towards 

the target. 

Employment 

and Labour 

Practices 

Occupational 

health and safety 

5.3 Occupational 

Health and Safety 

Providing our employees 

with a safe working 

environment which 

includes, among other 

things, providing 

adequate protective 

clothing and gear, 

providing safety 

Conducting safety 

training and emergency 

drills targeted at 

employees of different job 

functions; providing 

occupational health 

check-ups for employees. 

Number of lost days due 

to work injury significantly 

decreased in 2020.  

There were one 

production safety accident 

and one other accident in 

2020. The business units 

involved promptly 


9 

 

education and training, 

and having dedicated 

safety management 

personnel. 

investigated the accidents 

and implemented 

preventive measures, 

while working with the 

family members of the 

deceased employees to 

handle the aftermath of 

the accidents. 

Labour standards* 

5.4.1 Employment 

and Labour 

Practices 

Maintaining zero forced 

labour and child labour 

case in compliance with 

Chinese laws; ensuring 

thorough protection of 

employees’ rights and 

interests related to labour 

practices and 

employment. 

Strictly adhering to labour 

laws and regulations and 

maintaining 

comprehensive labour 

management systems. 

The Company maintained 

zero cases of forced 

labour and child labour in 

2020 in compliance with 

Chinese laws. 

Operating 

Practices 

Service quality 

and standards 

5.1 Service 

Quality and 

Standards 

Delivering outstanding 

product and service 

quality as a commitment 

to our customers. 

Ensuring quality water 

supply; promptly handling 

customer complaints; 

investing in R&amp;D to help 

improve service quality. 

Progress steadily towards 

the target. 

Anti-corruption* 

 

3.5 Compliance 

Management and 

Anti-Corruption 

Maintaining zero case 

regarding corrupt 

practices brought against 

the Company and its 

employees; fostering a 

culture of integrity among 

employees. 

Implementing 

comprehensive 

whistleblowing policy; 

organising anti-corruption 

training for staff and 

management personnel. 

There were no concluded 

legal cases regarding 

corrupt practices brought 

against the Company and 

its employees in 2020. 

Compliance 

management 

3.5 Compliance 

Management and 

Anti-Corruption 

Tightening internal control 

management, enhancing 

relevant training we 

Business units and 

project companies 

implementing internal 

 Progress steadily 

towards the target. 


10 

 

4. Environment 

5. Social 

provide to our employees, 

and strengthening our 

audits and inspections. 

policies to ensure 

compliance with ESG-

related laws and 

regulations; the 

Company’s Audit 

Committee and RIMC 

effectively carrying out 

risk evaluation and 

management activities. 

*Issues newly identified as highly material in the 2020 materiality assessment. 

 

 


11 

 

3.5 Compliance Management and Anti-Corruption  

The Company attaches great importance to conducting business operations in 

accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, and diligently manages the impact 

of our operations on the environment and society.   

The operation of the Company’s projects strictly adheres to the applicable 

environmental protection standards and requirements. The business units and their 

project companies have developed internal policies on managing wastewater 

discharge, air emissions, resource consumption, and other environmental impacts. We 

strive to comply with the laws and regulations associated with our social responsibilities 

by implementing policies and standards on anti-corruption, service quality, supply 

chain management, health and safety, employment and labour practices, and 

community investment.  

The Company’s Audit Committee and RIMC oversee regular inspections, evaluate and 

manage risks arising from our operations, and ensure the effectiveness of key internal 

controls. The two committees report findings to the Board for review. Through these 

processes, we monitor implementation of our policies and compliance with regulatory 

requirements or applicable laws. 

The Company places a strong emphasis on corporate integrity and honesty. We abide 

by laws and regulations related to bribery, extortion, fraud, and money laundering such 

as the Criminal Law of the PRC, Anti-Money Laundering Law of the PRC, Anti-Unfair 

Competition Law of the PRC, and Prevention of Corruption Act of Singapore. During 

the Reporting Period, there were no legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought 

against the Company or its employees, and no reported incidents of non-compliance 

with laws and regulations related to bribery, extortion, fraud, and money laundering. 

The Company has implemented the internal Fraud and Whistleblowing Policy to 

facilitate the development of controls that aid in the detection and prevention of fraud, 

and this policy provides a framework by which directors, officers, employees, and 

external parties may raise concerns in confidence about wrongdoing, malpractice or 

possible irregularity within the Company. The policy specifies the actions constituting 

fraud, reporting procedures, complaint handling process, investigation responsibilities, 

and terms on confidentiality and whistle-blower protection. The policy applies to all of 

the Company’s stakeholders as well as new and existing business partners.  

Upon discovering or suspecting fraudulent activity, employees will immediately contact 

the Audit Committee, Executive Directors, or the management. The Company 

conducts investigation to determine if the reported irregularity constitutes fraud. If the 

investigation substantiates that fraudulent activities have occurred, the case will be 

reported to designated personnel according to different conditions, and if appropriate, 

to the Board through the Audit Committee. 

When noticing acts of wrongdoing and malpractice, employees can report in writing to 

the Audit Committee, Executive Directors, or the management of the Company and 

deliver the report in person, by mail or by email. Upon receiving a report, the Company 

will coordinate relevant resources to investigate and handle the reported case in 

accordance with the Fraud and Whistleblowing Policy, and report the investigation 

results to the Board as appropriate. We take proper measures to protect whistle-

blowers from reprisals; retaliation against the whistle-blowers for raising concerns over 

alleged wrongful act will not be tolerated.  


12 

 

Our business units have also implemented policies and measures to prevent and 

handle corrupt practices and established internal reporting system for such behaviour. 

Some business units regard employee integrity as one of the key evaluation criteria 

when selecting essential management personnel, while others conduct regular internal 

and external audits, as well as audits targeted at key management personnel. During 

the Reporting Period, the business units organised various training events to cultivate 

an ethical workplace culture and instil integrity into our business practices. In addition, 

in October 2020, senior management of the Company participated in the Listed Entity 

Director Core Programme organised by the Singapore Institute of Directors. The 

attendees received systematic training on topics including directors' duties and legal 

obligations, risk management, and corporate governance, and enhanced the 

awareness of maintaining business integrity and legal compliance.   

 

Figure 1 The East BU launched the "Integrity Education" theme month event and organised employees 

to participate in systematic learning programmes to develop better understanding of the importance of 

integrity education. 

 

Figure 2 The South BU invited legal experts to provide anti-corruption training for management 

personnel and staff. 






13 

 

4. Environment 

4.1 Environmental Management Overview 

As a leading investor and operator in the environmental industry in China, SIIC 

Environment is committed to protecting the planet, conserving the environment, and 

preserving natural resources. We have developed and implemented relevant internal 

policies to properly manage the potential impacts of our operational activities on the 

environment, in accordance with the Environmental Protection Law of the PRC, 

Atmospheric Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the PRC, Water Pollution 

Prevention and Control Law of the PRC, Law of the PRC on the Prevention and Control 

of Environment Pollution Caused by Solid Wastes, and other laws and regulations 

related to air emissions such as waste gas and greenhouse gas (“GHG”)  emissions, 

wastewater discharge, and hazardous and non-hazardous solid waste disposal.  

Our business units and their project companies have respectively adopted measures 

for environmental impact prevention and mitigation, to avoid imposing negative 

impacts on the environment and the local community during business operations.  

The business units have established internal policies such as the Environmental 

Protection Management System in Project Operation and the Management System for 

Environmental Factor Identification and Evaluation. The Environmental Protection 

Management System in Project Operation details the management and control of 

waste generation and resource consumption during production activities, including 

responsibilities of designated personnel and departments and standard work 

procedures; it also stipulates that the project companies should have response plans 

in place for equipment malfunction, hazardous materials incident, and other 

emergencies. The Management System for Environmental Factor Identification and 

Evaluation outlines procedures to identify, evaluate, and update major environmental 

factors relevant to business operations, such as air emissions and wastewater 

discharge, and develop corresponding measures to control their environmental and 

social impacts; each project company updates the environmental factor list at the 

beginning of each year.   

Each business unit’s project companies have also taken proactive actions to minimise 

daily impacts on the environment and natural resources and some have set both 

qualitative and quantitative emission, waste reduction, and resource efficiency targets 

that are particular to the projects. Through regular environmental sampling and testing, 

continuous advancement in treatment techniques, equipment maintenance and 

upgrade, resource recycling, and other measures, the project companies manage their 

emissions in accordance with the national or local emission standards. 

4.2 Wastewater and Air Emissions Management  

When managing wastewater discharge and air emissions during business operations, 

our project companies strictly follow relevant discharge standards such as the 

Emission Standards for Odour Pollutants (GB14554-1993), Discharge Standard of 

Pollutants 

for 

Municipal 

Wastewater 

Treatment 

Plants 

(GB18918-2002), 

Environmental Quality Standards for Surface Water (GB3838-2002), and Standard for 

Pollution Control on the Municipal Solid Waste Incineration (GB18485-2014) to 

safeguard environmental health and sanitation. During the Reporting Period, there 

were no cases of non-compliance with the above-mentioned standards and laws and 

regulations related to discharge into water and land and air emissions.  


14 

 

4.2.1 Wastewater Management 

The majority of wastewater produced as a result of the Company’s business operations 

comes from our wastewater treatment business, with main pollutants including 

chemical oxygen demand (“COD”), biochemical oxygen demand (“BOD”), ammonia 

nitrogen, total nitrogen, total phosphorus, and suspended solids. To improve the 

removal rate of COD, BOD, ammonia nitrogen, and total nitrogen, we optimise the 

process parameters of the biochemical treatment system, such as dissolved oxygen 

content, sludge age, return flow, and other key parameters. In addition, to increase the 

removal rate of hard COD, we have also adopted advanced treatment technologies 

such as ozone catalytic oxidation, third-generation Fenton catalytic oxidation, and 

activated carbon adsorption. In particular, the third-generation Fenton catalytic 

oxidation process possesses the advantages of stable output, low operating cost, and 

high system stability. We also effectively reduce the total phosphorus and suspended 

solids content of the effluent through treatment processes such as coagulation, 

dissolved air flotation, and filtration. For effluent with stricter denitrification 

requirements, we utilise nitrification and denitrification filtration processes to effectively 

improve the total nitrogen removal rate. As a result, compared to the 2019 level, our 

wastewater treatment projects have collectively reduced the concentration of COD and 

ammonia nitrogen in the wastewater discharged by 4.60% and 16.99%, respectively. 

In 2020, some of our wastewater treatment plants (“WWTPs”) have been upgraded 

and have a more stringent effluent quality that meet higher standards, such as the 

superior Class I Standard A and Quasi Grade IV. 

 

Figure 3 During the Reporting Period, our Yongxin County Industry Development Zone Comprehensive 

WWTP Project engaged the Fenton treatment system, further increasing COD removal rate. 

Case study: To increase pollutant removal efficiency, the Jiangxi Province Yihuang 

Industrial Park WWTP Project 1st Phase engaged in the denitrification deep-bed 

filtration process, which combines physical filtration and biological denitrification and 

exhibits high reaction efficiency and strong adaptability to changes in water quality and 

quantity while achieving high land efficiency. It was estimated that the addition of this 




15 

 

treatment process helped increase total nitrogen removal by 5mg/L, further reducing 

the wastewater’s environmental impact. 

 

Figure 4 Denitrification deep-bed filtration unit at our Jiangxi Province Yihuang Industrial Park WWTP 

Project. 

In order to meet national and local standards at all times, the business units have 

formulated internal control metrics and corresponding measures for the project 

companies to follow, such as quantitative emission targets and pollutant concentration 

in the effluent. To achieve these targets, the project companies conduct daily water 

quality sampling and monitoring at each treatment stage and promptly adjust treatment 

process based on the sampling results, and carry out regular equipment maintenance 

and upgrade to optimise treatment efficiency. In addition, some project companies 

have established quantitative emission reduction targets based on their own business 

operations along with actions plans, to ensure compliance with the national and local 

standards. 

Case study: The Company’s Wuhan Economy and Technology Development Zone 

WWTP Project 1st Phase set the target of reducing the concentration of major 

pollutants such as COD and ammonia nitrogen in discharged water by 5% compared 

to 2019. Through measures such as adjusting process parameters, enhancing 

equipment maintenance, strengthening staff training, and clearly defining roles and 

responsibilities, the project company was able to surpass its targets and achieved 

more than 10% reduction in the concentration of major pollutants in 2020.   

For wastewater generated during waste incineration, we apply treatment processes 

including pre-treatment for large debris removal, anaerobic digestion, external 

membrane bioreactor (MBR) treatment, ultrafiltration, and nanofiltration to effectively 

remove COD, ammonia nitrogen, and other pollutants from the wastewater. During the 

Reporting Period, all treated water met the Class I Standard B specified in the 

Discharge Standard of Pollutants for Municipal Wastewater Treatment Plants 

(GB18918-2002). 

4.2.2 Air Pollutant Emission Management 

Major air pollutants produced from our business operations include odorous gas such 

as hydrogen sulphide and ammonia gas from wastewater and sludge treatment, as 

well as sulphur oxides, nitrogen oxides, dioxins, carbon monoxide, and smoke from 

the waste incineration process. These emissions, if not adequately managed, could 

pollute the air and endanger human health. 

To reduce air emissions and mitigate the impact of odorous gas on the environment, 

we apply covers to key treatment units where odorous gas tends to concentrate, collect 




16 

 

the gas, and utilise biological, chemical, and physical treatment methods to remove 

odour before the gas is released into the atmosphere. Some of the treatment 

techniques adopted by the project companies include biofiltration, plasma 

deodorisation, and activated carbon adsorption. We also plant air-purifying plants 

around the facilities to help mitigate impacts of odorous gas on the surrounding 

community.  

Case study: To prevent the environmental impact of odorous gas generated from the 

wastewater treatment process, the Qingpu Second WWTP Project applies covers to 

seal the treatment units with odour generation, such as the screening unit, grit chamber, 

primary settling tank, anaerobic tank, anoxic tank, and sludge dewatering unit. The 

odorous gas is then collected and pumped to nearby deodorisation tower for further 

treatment.  

 

 

 

Figure 5 The coarse screening unit, and sludge dewatering unit at Qingpu Second WWTP Project. 

Case study: To reduce the emission of odorous gas, the project companies have 

installed odour treatment systems, which utilise microbial deodorisation technology to 

remove ammonia, hydrogen sulphide, mercaptan, thioether, and other odorous 

substances from the gas. The gas is released into the atmosphere after the 

concentration of odorous substances drops below relevant standards, effectively 

lowering its impact to the surrounding environment. In addition, the project companies 

regularly monitor the pollutant concentration at the inlets and outlets of the odour 

treatment systems. The monitoring results suggest that the concentration or 

discharged quantity of the pollutants is much lower than the relevant national standards, 

and the odour treatment systems exhibit ammonia and hydrogen sulphide removal 

rates of approximately 60% and 80%, respectively.  






17 

 

 

 

 

Figure 6 Odour treatment systems at our Hanxi WWTP (left) and Fengxian West WWTP (right). 

Case study: To fulfil the purpose of air purification, the Harbin City Hulan District Old 

Town Second WWTP Project utilises plasma deodorisation process to oxidise and 

degrade ammonia, hydrogen sulphide, and other pollutants, as well as effectively 

remove suspended colloids in the air. 

 

 

 

Figure 7 Fine-screen deodorisation facility at our Harbin City Hulan District Old Town Second WWTP 

Project. 

To achieve full compliance with emission standards in the Standard for Pollution 

Control on the Municipal Solid Waste Incineration (GB18485-2014) for our waste 

incineration business, we treat flue gas with a combination of chemical and physical 

techniques such as semi-dry desulphurisation, activated carbon adsorption for heavy 

metal and organics removal, bag filtration for dust removal, and selective non-catalytic 

reduction (SNCR) for the removal of nitrogen oxides. 

In addition, our water supply projects that use liquid chlorine in the disinfecting process 

run the risk of leaking chlorine gas, which could bring negative impact towards air 










18 

 

quality and human health.  To prevent such accidents, the project companies have 

installed alarm systems for leakage detection at the chlorination room and conduct 

weekly tests to ensure the alarm functions properly. The projects have also installed 

chlorine gas absorption devices to mitigate impacts in case of a leak incident and 

perform regular maintenance to ensure the devices function effectively. In 2020, there 

was no leakage incident in the Company’s water supply business. 

4.2.3 Greenhouse Gas Emission Management and Climate Change Action 

During the Reporting Period, our direct (scope 1) GHG emissions mainly came from 

waste incineration, and indirect (scope 2) GHG emissions primarily resulted from 

purchased electricity consumption. To promote green, low-carbon development and 

take actions against climate change, besides adopting energy saving measures during 

production activities, we have also installed solar panels and planted trees at the 

project sites in order to offset our GHG emissions. In 2020, we used 1,713,670 kWh of 

electricity produced from the solar panels, reducing CO2 emission by 1,436.06 tonnes 

compared to coal-fired power generation1. We have also planted a total of 26,733 trees 

at the project sites, which helps offset 614.86 tonnes of CO2 per year2. 

4.3 Hazardous and Non-Hazardous Waste Management 

With respect to managing and disposing of hazardous and non-hazardous waste, our 

project companies strictly follow the requirements of the Disposal of Sludge from 

Municipal Wastewater Treatment Plant - Quality of Sludge Used in Land Improvement 

(GB/T24600-2009), Disposal of Sludge from Municipal Wastewater Treatment Plant - 

Quality of Sludge Used in Gardens or Parks (GB/T23486-2009), Control Standards of 

Pollutants in Sludge for Agricultural Use (GB4284-2018), Disposal of Sludge from 

Municipal Wastewater Treatment Plant - Quality of Sludge Used in Separate 

Incineration (GB/T24602-2009) and other applicable standards. During the Reporting 

Period, there were no non-compliance cases regarding these standards and relevant 

laws and regulations. 

4.3.1 Hazardous Waste Management  

During the Reporting Period, the hazardous waste generated from our wastewater 

treatment, water supply, and sludge treatment businesses mainly include small 

amounts of hazardous sludge, laboratory waste liquids, waste motor oil, and empty 

reagent container. All hazardous waste was stored at designated areas before being 

collected and handled by certified third-party waste handlers. To reduce generation of 

hazardous waste such as laboratory waste liquids, the project companies strictly 

followed standard laboratory procedures and adopted advanced technologies to 

increase process efficiency and minimise waste generation. We also recycle and reuse 

waste motor oil as lubricant for valves, nuts and bolts, and other parts. 

Case study: Our Jiutai District Yingcheng WWTP and Jiutai Development District 

Kalun WWTP in Changchun City, Jilin Province use laboratory robots to carry out 

laboratory work, which decreases the volume of laboratory utensils required, improves 

operation accuracy, and reduces the amount of samples and chemicals needed, 

 

1 Calculation for CO2 offsets referenced coefficients from the China Power Industry Annual 

Development Report issued by the China Electricity Council in 2020. 

2 CO2 offsets were calculated using the methodology outlined in the Guidelines to Account for 

and Report on Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Removals for Buildings (Commercial, 

Residential or Institutional Purposes) in Hong Kong (2010 Edition) published by the 

Environmental Protection Department and the Electrical and Mechanical Services Department.   


19 

 

resulting in a reduction of laboratory waste liquid generation. 

 

Figure 8 Laboratory robots used at our WWTPs. 

Fly ash and used activated carbon are two major types of hazardous waste generated 

in our waste incineration business. Fly ash produced from domestic waste incineration 

is solidified with cement and chelating agents before being transported to landfills for 

disposal while the used activated carbon from flue gas treatment is handled by certified 

waste handlers or fed back into the waste incinerator for processing in accordance with 

local environmental regulations. Certified third party companies are in charge of 

handling small volumes of waste mineral oil, laboratory waste liquids, and waste 

batteries.  

4.3.2 Non-Hazardous Waste Management  

The main non-hazardous waste includes regular sludge 3  generated from our 

wastewater treatment, water supply, and sludge treatment businesses, as well as slag 

produced from waste incineration. To reduce sludge generation, we apply mechanical 

dewatering process such as filter pressing and centrifuging to reduce the sludge’s 

water content and therefore its volume. Some project companies engage an additional 

low temperature drying or similar desiccation process after dewatering to further 

reduce the sludge’s water content. A portion of the regular sludge produced is disposed 

at local landfills, while the rest is recycled and reused on-site for landscaping, or 

collected by third-party companies, where the sludge is repurposed into fertilisers and 

construction materials, used for mining pits restoration, or incinerated for power and 

heat generation.  

 

3 In this Report, regular sludge is defined as the sludge that is not listed in the Directory of 

National Hazardous Wastes (2016 Revision) published by the Ministry of Ecology and 

Environment of the PRC, the National Development and Reform Commission of the PRC and 

the Ministry of Public Security of the PRC. 




20 

 

 

 

Figure 9 At the Wuhan City Huangpi District Panlongcheng WWTP Project 1st Phase, the sludge is 

fermented at high temperature and digested by earthworms to form earthworm manure and earthworm 

products, which are sold to the local agriculture bureau and community. 

To improve the utilization rate of the slag recycling generated from our waste 

incineration business, the slag undergoes crushing and screening processes before 

realising integrated use. In 2020, a total of 79,583 tonnes of slag was reused by our 

waste incineration projects, a 3% increase from 2019. 

Other non-hazardous waste such as domestic waste, packaging materials, and 

screening waste and grits from wastewater treatment are mainly collected and handled 

by local environmental sanitation departments. To reduce domestic waste generation, 

we promote efficient use of office supplies and work on reducing food waste at our 

canteens. 

4.4 Resource Consumption Management 

To promote efficient use of energy, water, chemicals, and other resources during our 

production activities, the business units have established internal policies and best 

practices to help project companies improve resource efficiency. For example, the 

Production and Operation Cost Management System specifies that under the premise 

of guaranteeing the quality of production activities, project companies should set 

annual targets regarding unit of electricity, chemical, and water consumption, regularly 

track resource consumption status to ensure target fulfilment, and learn from the best 

practices from national and international peer companies regarding resource efficiency. 

The business units also include resource efficiency as one of the evaluation criteria in 

the project companies’ seasonal and annual performance review, where the best-

performing companies are rewarded, further incentivising the project companies to 

develop innovative resource conservation measures. Based on the policies set by the 

business units, the project companies develop their own systems and standards for 

chemical, energy, and water consumption management, depending on the nature and 

needs of individual projects.  

4.4.1 Chemical and Energy Consumption 

To improve chemical use efficiency, our wastewater treatment and water supply 

projects closely monitor influent and effluent quality to promptly adjust chemical 

addition and minimise waste. For example, we adjust coagulant addition based on 

factors such as total phosphorous content and suspended solids concentration in the 

effluent, and disinfectant addition based on residual chlorine concentration in the 

effluent.  

The project companies have also adopted measures to improve energy efficiency of 






21 

 

equipment and facilities, such as installing frequency converter on water pumps and 

air blowers, conducting regular maintenance for energy-intensive equipment, adjusting 

the number of operating equipment based on real-time water quality monitoring results. 

Through these measures, along with activities on fostering energy saving behaviours 

among employees, our project companies were able to fulfil or surpass the energy 

consumption targets established for the Reporting Period. 

Case study: During the Reporting Period, our Zhejiang Province Chemical Raw 

Material Site Linhai Park WWTP Project 1st Phase and Supporting Pipeline Network 

Project set a target of reducing electricity consumption per tonne of water treated by 

10%, compared to the 2019 level. The project subsequently took series of steps to 

achieve this target, including implementing energy metering for individual equipment 

for key systems and equipment, maintaining or upgrading energy-intensive equipment, 

developing specialised forms to track actual electricity consumption against the target, 

and holding regular meetings to identify energy efficiency issues and establishing 

corrective measures. As a result, the project company reduced electricity consumption 

per tonne of water treated by 13.5% in 2020, outperforming the previously set target. 

We also promote the use of renewable energy among our project companies. Our 

Jiamusi City WWTP Sludge Disposal Project and Mudanjiang City WWTP Sludge 

Disposal Project use biogas produced from anaerobic digestion during the sludge 

treatment process to supply energy for daily operations, helping conserve natural gas 

and other non-renewable energy resources. A total of 1,912,544 m3 of biogas was 

used during the Reporting Period. In addition, we convert waste into energy through 

domestic waste incineration power generation, an integrated resource utilisation 

method encouraged by the state. A portion of the electricity generated by incineration 

supplements our Waste Incineration Division’s daily energy consumption, and the rest 

is exported to the power grid. During the Reporting Period, we used 22,210,133 kWh 

of electricity produced from waste incineration.  

4.4.2 Water Consumption 

Our project companies establish annual water consumption targets and develop 

corresponding measures to improve water efficiency and reduce freshwater 

consumption. Used water from plant operations and effluent from the wastewater 

treatment process are mainly reused for landscaping, equipment cooling, facility 

cleaning, and chemical preparation purposes. We further enhance water efficiency by 

regularly inspecting pipelines for water leakage, conducting equipment maintenance 

and upgrades, adopting water-efficient faucets and toilets, installing flow metres on 

main pipelines, and through employee education. During the Reporting Period, our 

project companies recycled and reused a total of 32,820,187 tonnes of water, a close 

to 9% increase from the 2019 level.   


22 

 

 

 

 

Figure 10 Nanyang City Baihenan WWTP Project  uses recycled water for on-site landscaping. 

 

 

Figure 11 Pudixia WWTP Project uses recycled water for street cleaning. 

Case study: During the Reporting Period, our Chenzhou City WWTP Project took 

systematic actions to realise its goal of reducing 10% of purchased freshwater usage 

compared to the 2019 level. For landscaping purposes, the project prohibited 

freshwater use while promoting the use of rainwater and reclaimed water, and adopted 

water-efficient irrigation methods such as drip irrigation. To minimise water waste due 

to equipment or facility issues, the project conducted regular inspection and 

maintenance of water supply facilities and the pipe network, especially the pre-buried 

pipes, and promptly resolved the problems identified to prevent resource waste 

resulted from dripping and leaking. 

While the majority of our projects do not have issue in sourcing water fit for production 

and operation purposes, a few of our water supply projects may experience 

fluctuations in water supply due to seasonal variations and drought-related issues and 

have developed countermeasures should such issues arise. For example, projects that 

source water from nearby rivers relocate the water inlet from the riverbank to the centre 

of the channel during dry seasons; projects that source water from groundwater wells 

enhance well maintenance and increase well cleaning depth to meet water use 

demands from our clients during drought seasons. In addition, for our water diversion 

project, the sheer distance of water transportation and the single pipeline transmission 

system may pose safety concerns. To guarantee the quantity and quality of water 

supply, the project maintains close contact with source water provider to ensure the 

timeliness of water transfer, and has established a pipeline inspection and 

management system to minimise safety risks associated with single pipeline water 

delivery. 

 

 










23 

 

4.4.3 Green Office 

In daily office activities, we follow the principles of green operation and encourage 

employees to save water, electricity, paper, and other resources, implement waste 

sorting and recycling, and use environmentally friendly office supplies. For example, 

we display resource conservation signage in office spaces and restrooms, promote 

paperless solutions to office tasks, standardise procurement procedure for office 

supplies to minimise unnecessary purchase, and remind employees to switch off lights, 

computers, and air conditioning upon leaving the office.  Through these actions, we 

hope to increase resource efficiency and reduce our environmental footprint during 

daily office activities while generating cost savings. 


24 

 

4.5 Environmental Performance Data 1 

4.5.1 Wastewater Treatment Business Line 

Emissions  

Emission Type 

Indicator 

Unit 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Air Pollutants 

Ammonia gas 

/ 

In 

compliance 

In 

compliance 

In 

compliance 

Hydrogen sulphide 

/ 

In 

compliance 

In 

compliance 

In 

compliance 

Greenhouse gases 

Indirect emissions 

(Scope 2) 2 

tonnes CO2e 

462,574.93  

406,119.08 

372,838.86 

Wastewater 

Wastewater 

tonnes 

2,376,508,851.82  

2,371,773,168.72 

1,941,010,660.44 

COD 

tonnes 

49,697.03  

51,992.19 

48,984.42 

BOD 

tonnes 

12,602.84  

12,581.52 

Not reported 

Total suspended 

solids 

tonnes 

16,868.23  

15,514.21 

15,407.80 

Ammonia nitrogen 

tonnes 

1,862.43  

2,239.06 

2,438.65 

Hazardous wastes 3 

Hazardous sludge 4 

tonnes 

3,163.53  

1,729.83 

1,318.82 

 

1 Due to the characteristics of the Company’s business operations, air pollutant emissions and direct greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1) are not material to 

the wastewater treatment, sludge treatment and water supply business lines. Therefore, these emissions are only disclosed for the waste incineration business 

line.   

2 Scope 2 emissions were calculated using the 2011–2012 Regional Power Grid Average CO2 Emission Factors in China guideline published by the National 

Development and Reform Commission of the PRC. Scope 2 emissions were from purchased electricity consumption during the Reporting Period. 

3 Hazardous wastes were defined according to the Directory of National Hazardous Wastes (2016 Revision) published by the Ministry of Ecology and 

Environment of the PRC. 

4 The project company's downstream hazardous waste disposal unit temporarily halted operation between September 2019 and April 2020, resulting in a 

backlog of hazardous sludge in the project company’s system without external discharge. After the hazardous waste disposal unit resumed operation in April 

2020, a portion of backlogged hazardous sludge from 2019 was discharged and disposed. Therefore hazardous sludge discharge increased in 2020 compared 

to 2019. 


25 

 

Other hazardous 

wastes 5 

tonnes 

71.22  

54.65 

18.33 

Non-hazardous wastes 

Regular sludge 

tonnes 

1,375,615.88  

1,332,828.95 

1,231,067.12 

Other non-

hazardous wastes 6 

tonnes 

33,827.00  

32,811.08 

7,960.29 

Initiatives and processes to reduce emissions/discharges 

Initiatives and 

processes 

Indicator 

Unit 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Trees 

Number of trees 

able to reach at least 

five metres in height  

trees 

21,352  

19,410 

15,493 

Amount of CO2 

offset 7 

tonnes CO2 

491.10  

446.43 

356.34 

Wastewater 

treatment 

COD reduced after 

treatment 

tonnes 

456,736.07  

462,068.12 

420,543.34 

BOD reduced after 

treatment 

tonnes 

199,400.50  

207,316.00 

164,218.72 

Ammonia nitrogen 

reduced after 

treatment 

tonnes 

47,917.17  

61,734.51 

39,629.93 

Water recycling 

Recycled water used  tonnes 

32,123,475.00  

29,358,613.80 

86,783,725.00  

Reclaimed water 

supply 

Reclaimed water 

produced 

tonnes 

23,614,106.13  

25,459,359.00 

Not reported 

Sludge recycling 

Regular sludge 

reused 

tonnes 

838,375.04  

792,519.45 

412,110.66 

 

5 Other hazardous wastes mainly include laboratory waste liquids, waste motor oil, and a small quantity of waste reagent bottles and other hazardous waste. 

6 Other non-hazardous wastes mainly include screening waste and grit, domestic waste, packaging cardboard box, and a small quantity of chemical packaging 

and other non-hazardous wastes. 

7 CO2 offsets were calculated using the methodology outlined in the Guidelines to Account for and Report on Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Removals for 

Buildings (Commercial, Residential or Institutional Purposes) in Hong Kong (2010 Edition) published by the Environmental Protection Department and the 

Electrical and Mechanical Services Department. 


26 

 

Use of Resources 

Resource Type 

Indicator 

Unit 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Energy 

consumption 

Direct 

energy 

Petrol 

litres 

161,941.35  

147,526.07 

294,007.94 

litres/tonnes of 

daily 

design capacity 

0.02  

0.02 

0.04 

Diesel 

litres 

41,156.70  

53,413.85 

83,521.86 

litres/tonnes of 

daily 

design capacity 

0.005  

0.01 

0.01 

Natural gas 

cubic metres 

260,527.54  

236,004.09 

183,688.00 

cubic 

metres/tonnes of 

daily design 

capacity 

0.03  

0.03 

0.03 

Renewable energy 

(solar) 

kilowatt hours 

1,713,670.00  

1,816,574.50 

943,698.30 

kilowatt 

hours/tonnes of 

daily design 

capacity 

0.22  

0.25 

0.14 

Indirect 

energy 

Purchased electricity 

kilowatt hours 

681,160,652.92  

621,803,352.05 

536,579,325.09 

kilowatt 

hours/tonnes of 

daily design 

capacity 

86.73  

85.65 

81.52 

Water consumption  

Purchased 

freshwater 

tonnes 

2,008,736.21  

1,700,259.74 

1,088,317.75 

Water consumption 

intensity 

tonnes/tonnes of 

daily 

design capacity 

0.26  

0.23 

0.17 


27 

 

Raw materials 

consumption 

Disinfectants 8 

tonnes 

34,570.92  

16,386.95 

Not reported 

Adsorbents 

tonnes 

1,951.29  

1,967.63 

1,092.04 

Carbon sources 

tonnes 

67,068.03  

521,778.67 

27,651.81 

Coagulants and 

flocculants 

tonnes 

150,330.38  

150,914.01 

252,072.74 

Acid-base regulators 

tonnes 

12,284.01  

10,006.91 

15,556.42 

Other raw materials 9 tonnes 

25,956.75  

24,544.76 

Not reported 

 

8 During the Reporting Period, disinfectant addition increased significantly due to factors such as COVID-19 impacts and water quality fluctuations. 

9 Other raw materials mainly include ferrous sulphate, hydrochloric acid, lime, liquid oxygen, PAC, PAFC, and NS-A Reagent. 


28 

 

4.5.2 Water Supply Business Line 

Emissions 

Emission Type1 

Indicator 

Unit 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Greenhouse gases 

Indirect emissions 

(Scope 2) 2 

tonnes CO2e 

92,949.99 

79,866.07 

78,798.62 

Wastewater 

Wastewater 

tonnes 

16,353,578.99 

20,131,104.41 

18,524,475.20 

Non-hazardous wastes 

Regular sludge 

tonnes 

17,723.00  

15,892.00 

17,305.00 

Other non-hazardous 

wastes 3 

tonnes 

55.70 

66.80 

289.00 

Initiatives and processes to reduce emissions/discharges 

Initiatives and processes 

Indicator 

Unit 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Trees 

Number of trees able 

to reach at least five 

metres in height  

trees 

3,543  

3,567  

3,448  

Amount of CO2 offset 

tonnes CO2 

81.49  

82.04 

79.30 

Water recycling 

Recycled water used 

tonnes 

360,000.00 

422,000.00 

2,018,900.00 

Sludge recycling 

Regular sludge reused 

tonnes 

2,860.00 

5,000.00 

Not reported 

Use of Resources 

Resource Type 

Indicator 

Unit 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Energy 

consumption  

Direct 

energy 

Petrol 

litres 

6,545.50 

Not reported 

Not reported 

litres/tonnes of 

daily 

design capacity 

0.004 

Not reported 

Not reported 

Purchased electricity 

kilowatt hours 

122,085,123.39 

123,100,846.99 

116,524,195.00 

 

1 Hazardous waste is not material to the water supply business line and is therefore not disclosed. 

2 Scope 2 emissions were calculated using the 2011–2012 Regional Power Grid Average CO2 Emission Factors in China guideline published by the National 

Development and Reform Commission of the PRC. Scope 2 emissions were from purchased electricity consumption during the Reporting Period. 

3 Other non-hazardous wastes generated in 2020 mainly include domestic waste and packaging cardboard box. 


29 

 

Indirect 

energy 

kilowatt 

hours/tonnes of 

daily design 

capacity 

70.37 

 

76.70 

71.71 

Water consumption 

Surface water 

tonnes 

362,798,921.00 

323,909,897.42 

363,747,118.00 

Groundwater 

tonnes 

70,318,538.00 

67,200,076.00 

2,527,707.00 

Water consumption 

intensity 

tonnes/tonnes of 

daily design 

capacity 

249.64 

 

243.68 

225.40 

Raw materials 

consumption 

Disinfectants 

tonnes 

2,875.32 

2,895.94 

Not reported 

Coagulants and 

flocculants 

tonnes 

4,072.28 

4,830.91 

4,795.17 

Water purification 

agents4 

tonnes 

3,875.18 

2,383.01* 

Not reported 

 

 

 

 

4 During the Reporting Period, we refined the collection scope and method for water purification agents. To match this adjustment and to ensure comparability 

of data collected over the years, we adjusted the 2019 data, as denoted by “*”. 


30 

 

4.5.3 Sludge Treatment Business Line 1 

Emissions 

Emission Type 

Indicator 

Unit 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Air Pollutants 2 

Ammonia gas 

/ 

In compliance 

In compliance 

In compliance 

Hydrogen sulphide 

/ 

In compliance 

In compliance 

In compliance 

Greenhouse gases 

Indirect emissions 

(Scope 2)3 

tonnes CO2e 

10,622.54  

12,658.03 

13,265.23 

Hazardous wastes 

Other hazardous 

wastes 4 

tonnes 

3.19  

2.85 

0.86 

Non-hazardous wastes 

Regular sludge 

tonnes 

240,835.05  

200,092.88 

116,052.21 

Other non-hazardous 

wastes5 

tonnes 

234.69  

233.00 

Not reported 

Initiatives and processes to reduce emissions/discharges 

Initiatives and 

processes 

Indicator 

Unit 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Trees 

Number of trees able 

to reach at least five 

metres in height 

trees 

1,720  

240 

70 

Amount of CO2 offset 

tonnes CO2 

39.56  

5.52 

1.61 

Water recycling 

Recycled water used 

tonnes 

116,835.00  

116,100.00 

35,040.00 

Sludge recycling 

Regular sludge reused tonnes 

201,037.43  

164,925.43 

30,047.46 

Use of Resources 

 

1 Since wastewater generated from the sludge treatment process is treated in-house and reused at the sludge treatment plant or discharged to the WWTP that 

belongs to the same project company for treatment, the discharge of wastewater is not material to the sludge treatment business line and is therefore not 

disclosed. 

2 Since some sludge treatment projects are not equipped with quantitative data monitoring systems, this table discloses the sludge treatment business line’s 

performance on air pollutant emissions by evaluating whether the emissions met the local emission standards. 

3 Scope 2 emissions were calculated using the 2011–2012 Regional Power Grid Average CO2 Emission Factors in China guideline published by the National 

Development and Reform Commission of the PRC. Scope 2 emissions were from purchased electricity consumption during the Reporting Period. 

4 Other hazardous wastes in 2020 mainly include waste motor oil and laboratory waste liquids. 

5 Other non-hazardous wastes in 2020 mainly include domestic waste and screening waste and grit. 


31 

 

Resource Type 

Indicator 

Unit 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Energy 

consumption 

Direct 

energy 

Diesel 

litres 

371,457.10  

334,103.13 

223,719.71 

litres/tonnes of 

daily design 

capacity 

202.98 

182.57 

141.59 

Natural gas 6 

cubic metres 

118,520.78  

209,017.00 

251,533.42 

cubic 

metres/tonnes of 

daily design 

capacity 

64.77  

114.22 

159.20 

Renewable energy 

(biogas) 

cubic metres 

1,912,544.00  

2,248,032.00 

924,974.00 

cubic 

metres/tonnes of 

daily design 

capacity 

1,045.11  

1,228.43 

585.43 

Indirect 

energy 

Purchased electricity 

kilowatt hours 

13,719,816.00  

16,607,310.00 

18,920,238.82 

kilowatt 

hours/tonnes of 

daily design 

capacity 

7,497.17  

 

9,075.03 

11,974.83 

Water consumption 

Purchased freshwater 

7 

tonnes 

12,553.00  

19,058.00 

88,640.34 

Water consumption 

intensity 

tonnes/tonnes of 

daily 

design capacity 

6.86 

10.41 

56.10 

Raw materials 

consumption 

Straw 

tonnes 

30,875.17  

33,620.77 

31,155.90 

Rice husk 

tonnes 

26,825.85  

25,250.77 

23,287.00 

 

6 During the Reporting Period, as a result of enhanced energy efficiency during production activities and higher organic matter content and biogas output of the 

sludge, natural gas consumption was reduced at the project companies compared to 2019.    

7 During the Reporting Period, project companies increased the usage of recycled water and therefore purchased freshwater consumption decreased compared 

to 2019. 


32 

 

Other raw materials8 

tonnes 

5,384.15  

Not reported 

Not reported 

 

 

8 Other raw materials mainly include corncob and wood chips. 


33 

 

4.5.4 Waste Incineration Business Line 

Emissions 

Emission Type 

Indicator 

Unit 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Air pollutants 1 

NOx 

tonnes 

250.75  

226.29 

182.47 

SOx 

tonnes 

44.52  

43.95 

23.06 

CO 

tonnes 

12.55  

15.58 

4.85 

Smoke 

tonnes 

6.09  

7.17 

7.93 

Dioxins 2 

/ 

In compliance 

In compliance 

In compliance 

Greenhouse gases 

Direct emissions 

(Scope 1)3 

tonnes CO2 

86,491.26  

93,013.65 

64,067.22 

Indirect emissions 

(Scope 2)4 

tonnes CO2e 

430.95  

151.03 

19.66 

Wastewater 

Wastewater 

tonnes 

254,677.00  

166,777.77 

125,318.00 

COD 

tonnes 

14.91  

13.92 

8.64 

Ammonia nitrogen 

tonnes 

1.30  

1.04 

0.56 

Hazardous wastes 

Used activated 

carbon from treatment 

of waste gases 

generated during 

waste incineration 

tonnes 

152.39  

156.96 

77.51 

Fly ash from domestic 

waste incineration 

tonnes 

7,424.64  

6,572.72 

3,273.30 

 

1 Air pollutants only include those generated from waste incineration during the Reporting Period. 

2 During the Reporting Period, dioxins emission did not violate the local emission standards of the project operation site. 

3 Scope 1 emissions were calculated using the Greenhouse Gas Accounting Tool for Chinese Cities (Pilot Version 1.0) published by the Greenhouse Gas 

Protocol. Scope 1 emissions were generated from waste incineration during the Reporting Period. 

4 Scope 2 emissions were calculated using the 2011–2012 Regional Power Grid Average CO2 Emission Factors in China guideline published by the National 

Development and Reform Commission of the PRC. Scope 2 emissions were from purchased electricity consumption during the Reporting Period. As a result 

of maintenance of equipment such as incinerators and generator sets during the Reporting Period, there was a significant increase in purchased electricity 

consumption, resulting in an increase in Scope 2 emissions.  


34 

 

Other hazardous 

wastes 5 

tonnes 

6.75  

2.25 

Not reported 

Non-hazardous waste 

Slag 

tonnes 

82,978.00 

74,681.00 

39,735.00 

Initiatives and processes to reduce emissions/discharges 

Initiatives and processes 

Indicator 

Unit 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Trees 

Number of trees able 

to reach at least five 

metres in height 

trees 

118  

17 

17 

Amount of CO2 offset  

tonnes CO2 

2.71  

0.39 

0.39 

Water recycling 

Recycled water used 

tonnes 

219,877.00  

216,778.00 

332,613.00 

Electricity generation 

from waste incineration 

Electricity generated 

kilowatt hours 

113,133,332.26  

116,624,780.00 

82,429,730.00 

Waste recycling/reuse 

Slag reused  

tonnes 

79,583.00  

77,335.00 

29,738.00 

Use of Resources 

Resource Type 

Indicator  

Unit 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Energy 

consumption 

Direct 

Energy  

Diesel6 

litres  

386,647.29 

242,320.15 

84,939.81 

litres/tonnes of 

daily design 

capacity 

386.65 

242.32 

121.34 

Indirect 

Energy 

Purchased electricity7 

kilowatt hours 

608,741.00 

222,800.00 

37,400.00 

kilowatt 

hours/tonnes of 

daily design 

capacity  

608.74 

222.80 

53.43 

 

5 Other hazardous wastes include waste lead batteries, laboratory waste liquids, waste mineral oil, materials contaminated by waste mineral oil and laboratory 

waste liquids. 

6 During the Reporting Period, a portion of the incinerated waste came from stale landfill waste, which had low calorific value. A larger amount of diesel was 

needed to maintain appropriate environmental temperature. 

7 During the Reporting Period, there was a significant increase in purchased electricity consumption due to the maintenance of equipment such as incinerators 

and generator sets. 


35 

 

Water consumption 

Purchased freshwater 

tonnes 

679,588.00 

696,814.00 

425,959.00 

Water consumption 

intensity 

tonnes/tonnes of 

daily design 

capacity 

679.59 

696.81 

608.51 


36 

 

5. Social 

5.1 Service Quality and Standards 

SIIC Environment strives to deliver high-quality services to our customers. Our 

business activities strictly comply with relevant laws, regulations, and standards 

related to product and service health and safety, such as the Discharge Standard of 

Pollutants for Municipal Wastewater Treatment Plant (GB18918-2002), Standards for 

Drinking Water Quality (GB5749-2006), City Water Supply Quality Standard (CJ/T206-

2005), and Standard for Pollution Control on the Municipal Solid Waste Incineration 

(GB18485-2014). We also abide by the Advertising Law of the PRC, the Trademark 

Law of the PRC, the Patent Law of the PRC, and other laws and regulations on 

advertising, labelling, and privacy matters related to our products and services, and 

there were no reported incidents of non-compliance during the Reporting Period.  

Based on the characteristics of the Company’s governance structure, we require the 

business units to establish internal management systems and standard operating 

procedures according to the nature of their operations to ensure safe and quality 

production at the project companies. For example, for our water projects, the business 

units have established the Internal Control Manual for Water Quality Testing and 

Operation Management or similar policies, which specifies the process and 

responsible departments for handling water quality incidents, threshold values for 

controlled water quality parameters, water quality monitoring approaches and 

protocols, and water quality-related appraisal system for project companies and its 

employees. For sludge treatment projects, we designate relevant personnel to conduct 

regular inspections and surveys with our customers on sludge treated by our sludge 

treatment plants to ensure the treated sludge meets relevant standards. The Dazhou 

City Municipal Household Waste Incineration Power Generation Project 1st Phase from 

our Waste Incineration Division has developed the Environmental Monitoring Plan, 

which specifies the monitoring location, parameter, frequency, and method for waste 

gas, wastewater, noise, groundwater, soil, solidified fly ash, and slag, guaranteeing 

that the emissions meet the relevant environmental standards. 

5.1.1 Safeguarding Water Quality and Sanitation 

To guarantee the quality of drinking water provided to our customers and safeguard 

public health and sanitation, the project companies follow a comprehensive water 

quality monitoring mechanism and promptly upgrade facilities and processes in 

accordance with changes in national and local standards. The water projects follow a 

three-level water quality monitoring and assurance system, consisting of continuous 

monitoring of influent and effluent by networked instruments for typical water quality 

parameters, daily water quality testing by on-site laboratory staff, as well as seasonal 

sampling and testing of influent, effluent, and sludge by certified third parties.  

All water supply and wastewater treatment companies are equipped with water quality 

warning systems and have established corresponding emergency response plans. In 

particular, extreme weather events can bring challenges to our water projects, which 

may be of greater concern over time as climate change increases the intensity and 

frequency of such events. In response, our project companies have developed coping 

mechanisms for extreme weather episodes such as flood, typhoon, and extreme cold. 

During heavy rainfall events, we ensure the WWTPs operate at full capacity to prevent 

wastewater overflow that may contaminate natural water bodies; for freezing 


37 

 

temperatures, the plants insulate key equipment and pipelines to ensure their normal 

operation.   

5.1.2 Enhancing Customer Satisfaction 

SIIC Environment maintains a project management system and operational 

management procedures applicable to the Company as a whole. We hold quarterly 

meetings where our business operations report to the headquarters about their 

operational performance, significant fluctuations of water input and water supply, and 

material incidents. Interactions at these meetings help us identify opportunities to 

improve our service quality and enhance customer satisfaction.  

Customer feedbacks are crucial in helping the Company to improve service quality. 

We provide multiple channels for customers to express their questions and concerns 

regarding our services, such as customer satisfaction survey, email of the Company’s 

headquarter, message box on the project companies’ websites, official WeChat 

accounts, and service hotlines. In the event that a customer files a complaint related 

to our services, we first determine the nature of the complaint and identify responsible 

personnel, carry out investigations and promptly resolve the issue, conduct customer 

service follow-up, and afterwards review the complaint case and update the existing 

management system if necessary, to prevent recurrence of such issue. During the 

Reporting Period, we received 9 service-related customer complaints. The complaints 

were mainly about low water pressure or no water caused by temporary leakage of the 

pipe network as a result of external construction, and water quality issues caused by 

temporary increase in turbidity due to pipe network maintenance. The responsible 

departments promptly carried out maintenance service at the customers’ sites to solve 

the problems and conducted service satisfaction follow-ups in a timely manner, which 

showed all customers were satisfied with our handling of the complaints. 

To ensure the security of customer information and protect customer privacy, at our 

Central BU, we standardise management procedures for the uploading, transfer, and 

search of customer data, and utilise password protection and data backup to further 

enhance information security. From the technical dimension, we strengthen the 

maintenance of critical hardware and software and reinforce technological solutions to 

prevent data breach, information theft, and unauthorised access to the system. In 

addition, we provide relevant training for employees from sales, system maintenance, 

and other departments that handle customer information, to increase their awareness 

of customer data protection and information security.  

5.1.3 Research and Development 

In 2020, despite unprecedented challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, the 

Company continued to invest in R&amp;D programmes on top of guaranteeing our normal 

operations, as we believe technological advancement and innovation help improve our 

service quality and overall competitiveness. During the Reporting Period, our 

expenditure on research activities amounted to approximately RMB 1.50 million. We 

actively seek opportunities to partner with educational and research institutions to 

enhance our research capabilities, and explore new development paths that combine 

production, research, and education. During research and development activities, we 

register, maintain, and protect our patents and will seek legal assistance in cases of 

intellectual property violations. Our business units organise training courses as needed 

to familiarise employees with the Trademark Law of the PRC, the Patent Law of the 

PRC, and other relevant laws and regulations, in order to increase employee 

awareness of intellectual property rights protection and equip them with legal 


38 

 

knowledge to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of the Company. 

Case study: On July 30, 2020, the Northeast BU held the establishment ceremony for 

its Cold-Climate Water Environment Technology Academic Committee as well as the 

opening ceremony of its R&amp;D Centre Phase II. The establishment of the Academic 

Committee is a milestone event for us to gather academic strength and improve R&amp;D 

capabilities in cold-climate water environment technology, and help drive the 

development of water industry in cold climates and quality improvement of China's 

urban water environment. The successful commissioning of the R&amp;D Centre Phase II 

will accelerate the application and transformation of our scientific research and 

industrial technology, better contributing to the development of ecological civilisation. 

 

 

Figure 12 The establishment ceremony for Cold-Climate Water Environment Technology Academic 

Committee and the opening ceremony of the R&amp;D Centre Phase II held at the Northeast BU. 

5.2 Supply Chain Management 

In addition to properly managing environmental and social risks during our own 

business activities, the Company also strives to cascade sustainability into our supply 

chain. We have formulated internal policies regarding supplier management and 

evaluation that specify our expectations and requirements towards suppliers’ 

environmental and social performance. 

During the procurement stage, the Company adheres to the Bidding Law of the PRC, 

the Regulation on the Implementation of the Bidding Law of the PRC and other relevant 

laws and regulations to maintain a fair, open, and transparent bidding process. Upon 

assessing all other factors, we prioritise establishing a business partnership with the 

suppliers demonstrating sustainability in their products and services, thereby 

communicating values of green and sustainable development to our suppliers.  

The business units have established the Procurement Management System, Project 

Company On-site Procurement Management System, Contract Management Protocol, 

and similar policies to manage the procurement process. In general, supplier 

evaluation during the procurement process involves a background check for supplier’s 

qualification and certification documents, on-site assessment at the supplier’s 

production site, comprehensive supplier evaluation by the functional departments, and 

final review by the management. 

To better identify potential environmental and social risks associated with suppliers’ 

operations, the business units have implemented a series of practices when evaluating 

suppliers’ eligibility for establishing business partnership with SIIC Environment, for 

example, examining the production and operation qualifications of water purification 

agent manufacturers, especially the safety production licence for hazardous chemicals, 

so as to prevent pollution incidents resulting from illegal or improper production 






39 

 

activities, gatherings publicly available information from the National Enterprise Credits 

Information Publicity System and other platforms to evaluate suppliers’ social risks and 

requiring suppliers to provide proof of certifications such as ISO 9001 (international 

standard for quality management system), ISO 14001 (international standard for 

environmental 

management 

system), 

and 

other 

internationally 

recognised 

certifications related to occupational health and safety (“OHS”), and requiring new 

suppliers to provide the Environmental Impact Assessment Report and Environmental 

Impact Assessment Acceptance Report as part of the selection criteria. 

For existing suppliers, we have included, terms related to the supplier’s environmental 

and social responsibilities in the contracts, such as adhering to relevant safety and 

environmental protection rules, protecting intellectual property, promptly paying the 

wages of its employees, and prohibiting bribery. In addition, we conduct routine and 

spontaneous on-site inspections, ratings, and evaluations of suppliers’ performance to 

ensure they continue to provide high-quality products and services while fulfilling 

sustainability-related responsibilities.  

 

Figure 13 Supplier distribution by geographical region during the Reporting Period. 

5.3 Occupational Health and Safety 

SIIC Environment continues to pursue higher safety standards in production activities 

and business operations, and regards employee health and safety as top priority. We 

strictly comply with the Law of the PRC on Work Safety, Law of the PRC on the 

Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases and other laws and regulations 

related to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from 

occupational hazards. Projects of our business units have implemented or are in the 

process of adopting the Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Series (OHSAS 

18001).   

From a supervisory perspective, the Company adheres to national standards such as 

the Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Employers’ Occupational 

Health Surveillance and Regulations on the Reporting, Investigation and Disposition 

of Work Safety Accidents. We conduct comprehensive due diligence and internal 

audits for existing and potential projects’ entry and exit. The mechanisms of production 

safety in our workplace are based on three main aspects, as illustrated in the diagram 

below. Our business units have incorporated these mechanisms when developing 

safety management systems to ensure safe production at the project companies.  

2673

36

Mainland China

Other Locations


40 

 

 

To strengthen safety management systems, the Company has established specialist 

teams that are responsible for coordinating, planning, organising, developing, and 

promoting health and safety matters. The Company's headquarter has established a 

safety production team, which holds regular meetings every quarter to monitor the 

latest status of production safety at the business units. Meanwhile, the Company 

appoints relevant board member to oversee the routine and spontaneous production 

safety inspections carried out every quarter by the Company's headquarter on the 

project companies from each business unit. In addition, depending on the nature of 

their production activities, the business units have developed internal policies to 

standardise and streamline safety management at the project companies. For example, 

our Ranhill Water business unit has formed a safety committee at the business unit 

level and requires each project company to establish safety teams; the business unit 

conducts semi-annual safety assessments of the project companies in accordance 

with its Safe Production Management System, which also details the management of 

production and equipment safety, the management of safety briefings and meetings, 

rules on safety inspection, and the handling of safety incidents. For external suppliers 

or interested parties that need to enter the Company’s production area, we provide 

documents such as the Stakeholder Safety Management System, Safety Risk 

Notification Card or Outside Personnel Safety Notification Letter for them to observe 

to ensure our safety management system can be accurately communicated to external 

parties entering the project area. 

Strengthening safety 

management systems

Enhancing employee 

safety education

Improving employees’ 

emergency 

preparedness


41 

 

 

 

Figure 14 The Company’s headquarter carried out production safety inspection at the project companies. 

In addition, in accordance with the requirements specified in the safety management 

systems, we provide personal protective equipment to employees in specialist and 

technical positions and conduct regular quality checks on the equipment. The 

equipment is required to meet applicable national and industrial standards with respect 

to their design, manufacturing, installation, and usage. We also conduct routine 

production safety inspection, seasonal inspection, pre-holiday inspection, and other 

types of inspection to minimise and eliminate safety risks and prevent the occurrence 

of occupational diseases.  

The Company organises various forms of safety education to enhance safety 

awareness among employees, foster a culture of workplace safety, and ensure high 

quality production. The business units have developed safety training management 

systems. The safety trainings centre around different themes including the "three level" 

of safety education for new employees, routine safety education for production teams, 

safety training for employees in specialist positions, the "three new" safety training 

(new processes, new technologies, and new equipment), safety training in preparation 

for changes in job function, and safety accident education. Topics covered at these 

training events include OHS laws and regulations and the Company’s policies, 

knowledge on using safety equipment, emergency response measures, and other 

relevant information.  

To improve employees’ emergency preparedness, we organise annual emergency 

drills to equip employees with necessary knowledge and skills to properly respond to 

fire, water quality incidents, and other emergencies. For employees whose work may 

pose potential health threats, we provide annual occupational health check-ups in 

addition to the general check-ups.  

In 2020, a total of 4,636 employees spent a total of 20,833 hours in training that related 

to occupational health and safety standards.  




42 

 

 

 

Figure 15 Fire drill held at our Waste Incineration Division (left) and the East BU (right). 

 

 

Figure 16 Chlorine leakage drill held at our Central BU (left), and confined space safety training held at 

our North BU (right). 

 

 

Figure 17 Employees from Ranhill Water participated in local industrial hygiene training (left). The South 

BU organised CPR and first aid training (right). 














43 

 

 

 

Figure 18 Safety warning signs (left) and lifebuoy rings (right) at the production sites of our North BU. 

We have standardised our safety accident reporting procedures to ensure the 

accidents are reported to supervisory personnel and regulatory authorities in a timely 

manner. We submit reports to regulatory authorities on a regular basis to disclose 

results of our self-assessments on OHS hazards. Recommendations provided by 

regulatory authorities lay a foundation for us to further improve our safety standards. 

During the Reporting Period, there were no reported incidents of non-compliance 

regarding laws and regulations related to occupational health and safety; a total of 23 

days were lost due to work injury and there were two incidents of work-related fatality. 

After the incidents occurred, the business units immediately set up safety accident 

response team and investigation team to investigate the incidents and carried out 

comprehensive safety hazard inspections at the project companies to prevent the 

recurrence of similar incidents. At the same time, the business units promptly 

coordinated with local hospitals, public security, civil affairs, and other institutions to 

work with the family members of the deceased employees to properly handle the 

aftermath of the incidents. Within prescribed time period, the business units filed work 

injury report to apply for appropriate compensations for the deceased employees. 

Table 1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years. 

  

2020 

2019 

2018 

Number of work-related fatalities 

2 

0 

0 

Rate of work-related fatality (per 100 

employees) 

0.033 

0 

0 

 

 

 

 

 Rate of work-related fatality (per 100 employees) = (Number of fatalities as a result of work-

related injury / Number of employees) * 100 






44 

 

5.4 Employment Management and Employee Welfare 

Our people play a valuable role in driving SIIC Environment’s sustainable development. 

The Company protects employees’ legitimate rights and interests, and is committed to 

laying a solid foundation for the long-term development and happiness of every 

employee. 

5.4.1 Employment and Labour Practices 

The Company embraces a people-oriented management philosophy and values the 

legitimate rights and interests of its employees. We strictly comply with the Labour Law 

of the PRC, Labour Contract Law of the PRC, Regulation on the Implementation of the 

Labour Contract Law of the PRC, Employment Act of Singapore, Employment of 

Foreign Manpower Act of Singapore, and other laws and regulations related to 

compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, 

equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare. At the 

same time, the Company abides by the recognised human rights laws and regulations 

of the countries and regions where it operates. We respect our employees, listen to 

their voices, and bear no discriminations towards gender, age, disability, religion, 

national origin, sexual orientation, etc. The Company encourages the business units 

to join trade unions, which protect the rights of employees and provide relevant 

trainings. We actively consider the diversity of the management and Board members, 

and are committed to creating an equal, harmonious, open, and inclusive work 

environment for all. During the Reporting Period, we did not receive complaints related 

to employee rights and interests. 

Regarding child labour and forced labour, the Company adopts a zero-tolerance 

attitude towards these practices, and we abide by relevant laws and regulations such 

as the Labour Law of the PRC and Provisions on the Prohibition of Using Child Labour. 

During the recruitment process, we verify applicants’ identity and employment eligibility 

to prevent child labour. We establish labour relations with employees on an equal and 

voluntary basis, and do not sign unlawful agreement or contract with employees or 

retain their identity documents. If forced labour is identified, employees can report 

directly to local labour supervision groups. If cases of child labour or forced labour do 

occur, we take immediate action to eliminate such practices, and review and improve 

our employment management systems to prevent future violations. During the 

recruitment process, in light of the actual situation, the Company offers appropriate 

positions for and gives priorities to candidates with special needs. Currently the 

Company employs four disabled individuals. 

We pay close attention to labour issues of potential and existing business partners and 

conduct due diligence or internal audits as appropriate to ensure the legal rights of our 

employees. During the Reporting Period, there were no non-compliance cases 

regarding the above laws and regulations. 

The Company has established a comprehensive human resource management 

system and has implemented associated policies across all business units, to ensure 

thorough protection of employees’ rights and interests related to labour practices and 

employment. These labour policies have been properly communicated to all 

employees of the Company, both in and outside Mainland China. 

 

Compensation: Remuneration Management System 

 

Dismissal and promotion: Change Management System 

 

Recruitment, equal opportunity, diversity, and anti-discrimination: Recruitment 


45 

 

Management System, Employee Relations Management Measures 

 

Working hours: Attendance Management System 

 

Rest periods: Leave Management System 

 

As on 31 December 2020, the Company had 6,039 full-time employees, and no part-

time employee. A breakdown of our employees by gender, age group, and 

geographical region is shown below: 

 

 

 

Figure 19 Employee statistics. 

A breakdown of our employee turnover rate by gender, age group, and geographical 

region is shown below: 

72%

28%

Male

Female

14%

65%

21%

&lt;30

30-50

&gt;50

6025

14

Mainland China

Other Locations


46 

 

 

Figure 20 Employee turnover rate statistics. 

5.4.2 Employee Compensation and Benefits 

We provide employees with comprehensive and competitive compensation and 

benefits packages. On the basis of ensuring full compliance with the national and local 

minimum wage standards, we offer competitive remuneration and bonuses in 

accordance with the requirements outlined in the Employee Benefits Management 

System, Leave Management System and other internal policies, and provide 

employees with medical allowances, regular physical examinations, paternity and 

maternity leave, marriage leave, personal accident insurance as well as retirement 

benefits. Depending on the actual situation, the project companies also provide 

additional compensation for nightshift employees and distribute employee allowances 

in summer for coping with the hot weather. Our employee manuals set out clear 

policies and codes of conduct for office procedures, reporting duty, attendance, 

performance appraisals, rewards and penalties, compensation and benefits as well as 

training and employee rights. At the same time, to enable our employees to work with 

peace of mind, we pay attention to employees’ families undergoing hardships and will 

provide support to those in need. 

During the Reporting Period, our business units and project companies organised a 

variety of sports games and recreational activities to improve employee well-being and 

help them achieve better work-life balance. 

3.7%

4.3%

9.3%

2.9%

3.2%

3.8%

14.3%

Male

Female

&lt;30

30-50

&gt;50

Mainland China

Other Locations


47 

 

 

 

Figure 21 Project companies from Ranhill Water organised various activities for the annual gathering in 

January 2020 (left), and organised a hiking event in August to improve employee well-being and 

dedication (right). 

 

Figure 22 The East BU held a large-scale family event themed "Strive to be a young master of 

environmental protection" in August 2020, to enhance parent-child relationships and foster children's 

understanding of wastewater treatment process and awareness of environment protection. 

 

Figure 23 In September 2020, the Central BU arranged a patriotic education film viewing event for its 

employees. 












48 

 

5.4.3 Training and Development  

The business units have developed the Training Management System, Training 

Management Measures, and similar internal policies regarding employee training 

management based on the nature and needs of their business operations, and 

organise diverse training programmes for employees. We offer targeted training for 

different categories of employees, such as personnel in managerial positions, 

specialists and technicians, employees transferring to new positions, and new 

employees, to continue to develop well-rounded talent and facilitate employees’ career 

development. We encourage employees to attend different kinds of education and 

training programmes, and grant time off for employees who need to prepare for 

professional examinations. To enhance training effectiveness, our training 

programmes take on various forms such as inter-departmental exchange programmes, 

position rotations, lectures, and skillset competitions. We conduct evaluations to 

assess training efficacy when an employee completes a training programme and we 

evaluate the evaluation results in the annual employee performance review.  During 

the Reporting Period, 84.6% of the total workforce, or 5,108 employees received 

43,900.5 hours of training, as shown in the graphs below. The average training hours 

per employee were approximately 7.3 hours. 

 

 

 

 

Figure 24 Percentage of employees trained by employee category  and average training hours 

completed per employee



 

Figure 25 Percentage of employees trained by gender (male: 69.9%, female: 30.1%) 5 and average 

training hours completed per employee. During the Reporting Period, 81.8% of male employees and 

91.8% of female employees participated in training activities. 

 

 Percentage of employee trained = No. of employees in the specified category (e.g., employee 

category, gender etc.) who took part in training / Total No. of employees who took part in training. 

0.9%

6.2%

72.2%

16.7%

4.0%

Senior Management

Middle-management

Cadres

General Staff

Technical Staff

Others




49 

 

 

 

Figure 26 During the Reporting Period, projects companies from the South BU organised professional 

skill competition (left) and annual “Must-Knows” professional skill training (right). 

 

Figure 27 From September to December 2020, the Central BU launched an in-house training 

programme on reserve talent management; a total of 37 trainees completed nine online courses. 

 

 








50 

 

5.5 Giving Back to Community 

As a responsible corporate citizen, SIIC Environment is dedicated to solving the most 

pressing needs of the society and actively engages in public welfare activities in the 

fields of environmental protection, poverty alleviation, education, and more. During 

community engagement activities, we abide by the Charity Law of the PRC and follow 

the principles of legality, voluntariness, and honesty, and utilise our industry expertise 

to help conserve natural resources, prevent and mitigate pollution, and work with the 

public to create an eco-friendly society. During the Reporting Period, we invested over 

RMB 0.66 million and 1,511.5 hours of volunteer services in different community 

engagement activities. 

5.5.1 Protecting the Environment 

As a company dedicated to water and environmental protection businesses, SIIC 

Environment has always concentrated on its core mission of promoting concepts of 

environmental protection and resource conservation. Internally, we work to enhance 

our employees’ environmental awareness by distributing environment and natural 

resource related publications, conducting corporate culture training, and organising 

environmental-themed seminars and knowledge contests. For external stakeholders 

such as our investors and the public, we continue to communicate our corporate 

philosophy through various channels such as public reports, business open houses, 

community outreach and public welfare activities, and social media platforms. During 

the Reporting Period, the Company carried out diverse activities engaging different 

sectors of the community, including organising field trips for students to our WWTPs, 

planting trees in the communities we serve, and fostering water conservation 

awareness among our customers.  

Case Study: In 2020, Wuhan City Huangpi District Xinwuhu Water Plant carried out a 

series of community-wide source water conservation programmes, to actively respond 

to local government’s call of enhancing county-level awareness and action towards 

water conservation. The plant invited local media to the site to shoot a short water 

conservation-themed film, which introduces the production process of drinking water 

to community members, increasing their awareness of the preciousness of water 

resources and the importance of water conservation. In addition, employees of the 

plant went into local communities and distributed brochures and flyers on source water 

protection to the public. 

 

 

Figure 28 Wuhan City Huangpi District Xinwuhu Water Plant invited local media to shoot water 

conservation-themed film on-site (left), and distributed flyers on source water protection to community 

members (right). 

 

 






51 

 

Case Study: During the Reporting Period, our South BU’s project company organised 

tree-planting event to further raise employee awareness of creating a greener and 

better living environment.  

 

 

Figure 29 Project company from the South BU organised tree-planting event. 

5.5.2 Conducting Community Service 

Besides environmental protection related events, we also invest in other public welfare 

activities and direct available corporate resources to help people and communities in 

need. In 2020, our employees from different business units participated in various 

volunteering events aiming at providing better services for customers, helping 

impoverished households, supporting local students, and more.  

Case Study: During the Reporting Period, the North BU’s “Water for All” volunteer 

service team carried out a total of 24 community activities, such as customer home 

visits to provide convenience services, service-related Q&amp;A, water bill inquiries, and 

water-related business transaction. The team was elected as the "Best Volunteer 

Service Organisation" in 2020 in the annual citywide volunteer service campaign held 

in Weifang City, Shandong Province. The business unit also actively engaged in 

Qingzhou City’s poverty alleviation programmes, such as purchasing apples from the 

City’s Huzhai Modern Agricultural Demonstration Park to help increase local farmers’ 

income by means of poverty alleviation through consumption. Our efforts received 

wide recognition from the public and local government. 






52 

 

 

 

Figure 30 The North BU provided convenience services for customers in local communities (left), and 

engaged in poverty alleviation activities (right). 

Case Study: To support local students attending the 2020 National College Entrance 

Examination, our water supply and wastewater treatment projects in Suiping County, 

Henan Province organised employees to set up service stations near the test centres. 

Our employees distributed complimentary bottled water and supplements to students, 

and provided water and sunshade umbrellas for traffic police on duty to help them cope 

with the hot weather.  

 

Figure 31 Our projects in Suiping County, Henan Province distributed bottled water and supplements to 

students attending the National College Entrance Examination. 

Case Study: Our Xinxiang City Sludge Treatment and Disposal Project in Henan 

Province is located next to a livestock farm in the same community. The odour 

generated from the farm’s operations brought negative impacts to local residents’ 

everyday life. In order to foster community harmony, the project utilised its expertise to 

help the farm retrofit its equipment and improve water quality free of charge, enhancing 

the quality of life of the residents and helping create a harmonious and pleasant 

community environment. 

 

 








53 

 

6. Featured Chapter: With Solidarity, We Forge Ahead  

2020 was an unusual year. Faced with the sudden outbreak of the COVID-19 

pandemic and the flooding disaster in Southern China, the Chinese people united as 

one and responded with solidarity. Every member of the Chinese society had made 

contributions to coping with the unprecedented challenges. As a responsible company, 

SIIC Environment was determined to fully fulfil its corporate social responsibility. 

Facing the pandemic, we quickly established a comprehensive response mechanism 

to protect the health and safety of our employees and help the community win the 

battle against the pandemic. In the face of the flooding disaster, we stood firm against 

the odds and ensured residents’ water safety. In the future, with its determined and 

committed employees, SIIC Environment will continue to leverage its industry 

expertise and contribute to safeguarding people's livelihood and the environment. 

6.1 Swift Response and Employee Protection  

During the COVID-19 outbreak, in response to the shortage of pandemic prevention 

and medical supplies, the Company quickly deployed manpower, financial resources, 

and material support to help the society in coping with the pandemic. In total, we 

coordinated the procurement of over 77,500 masks and out of which 25,500 N95 

masks, and provided medicines such as chloroquine, live combined bifidobacterium, 

lactobacillus and enterococcus capsules, and Jingyin solution. In addition, under the 

coordination of the Embassy of the PRC in Singapore, our employees from the 

Company’s headquarter also actively procured and prepared pandemic prevention 

supplies through various channels to support the anti-pandemic battle in China. During 

the Reporting Period, we contributed a total of 3,895 hours and approximately RMB 

1.62 million to anti-pandemic activities. 

When the pandemic hit, SIIC Environment made it a priority to ensure the health and 

safety of its employees. We promptly procured pandemic prevention materials and 

closely monitored the health condition of employees and their families. In the early 

stage of the pandemic, the Company purchased and deployed pandemic prevention 

supplies through multiple channels, provided employees with personal protective 

materials such as masks, disinfectants, protective clothing, and goggles, and adopted 

measures such as adjusting employees’ work schedule and arranging transportation 

for employee commuting to effectively reduce the risk of cross-infection. 

The Company strictly implemented the national and local government's requirements 

for pandemic prevention and control to ensure normal business operation and create 

a safe work environment for employees. The Company established emergency 

response teams at the headquarter, regional office, and project levels, and formulated 

polices such as the COVID 19 Prevention and Control Work Plan and the COVID 19 

Prevention and Control Emergency Plan which clarified the responsibilities of the 

prevention and control team and laid out detailed prevention and control measures. 

We categorised pandemic-related emergencies by level of severity and outlined 

response processes for each level, therefore ensuring the health and safety of 

employees and steady business recovery. 

Being at the forefront of the anti-pandemic battle, the Central BU had been paying 

close attention to the pandemic since its onset and strived to protect the health and 

safety of its employees. At the height of the pandemic, all business units and the 

Company’s headquarter provided unconditional support to the Central BU; employees 

and their families could report any difficulties to the Company at any time. All members 


54 

 

of the Company stood as one and forged through hardships together. To boost 

employee morale as they overcame various challenges posed by COVID-19, the North 

BU held an exhibition themed "Fighting the pandemic with solidarity, maintaining 

quality production with dedication”, to showcase employees’ anti-pandemic art works 

and help keep the workforce engaged and motivated. 

 

Figure 32 Anti-pandemic-themed art exhibition held at our North BU. 

6.2 Working Together to Support Local Communities  

SIIC Environment’s business activities are closely linked to people’s everyday life, and 

we are well aware of the importance of being able to provide reliable and stable water 

supply, wastewater management, and other services to our customers and community 

members. During the pandemic outbreak, it became out top priority to promptly resolve 

water service-related issues encountered by customers. Our water service hotline 

remained open 24/7, and we launched online services to efficiently process and 

respond to customer requests. For project companies engaged in frontline anti-

pandemic activities, we strengthened water quality testing and adjusted treatment 

processes as needed to ensure the water quality met relevant standards. At the same 

time, the Company provided pandemic prevention supplies and support to local 

communities and other sectors of the society in need to overcome challenges together.  

In the early stage of the COVID-19 outbreak, despite facing the challenges of 

manpower and resource shortage, the project companies of our Central BU 

participated in and successfully completed the tasks of mobile cabin hospital 

construction. To guarantee effluent quality, the project companies closely monitored 

water quality through networked instruments, tested for key water quality indicators on 

a daily basis, and increased the dosage of disinfectants added. Wastewater from the 

mobile cabin hospitals was disinfected twice and safely discharged through fixed 

routes to designated locations. In terms of ensuring local water supply, the business 

unit arranged for all branch offices to be on standby 24/7, while making sure the 

customer service hotline remained accessible and effective in processing customer 

inquiries and repair requests. Customers were also able to pay water bills and submit 

inquiries through mobile platforms such as WeChat and Alipay, without going outside 

of their homes which might increase the risk of exposure to the coronavirus. Upon 

learning some residents were experiencing difficulties in acquiring vegetables and 

other necessities, the project companies promptly donated vegetables and other 




55 

 

supplies to the local community. 

 

 

Figure 33 Wuhan Economic and Technological Development Zone WWTP Project 1st Phase donated 

vegetables and supplies to the local community. 

Over the course of the anti-pandemic battle, to relieve the pressure of pandemic 

prevention and control in surrounding villages and communities, employees from the 

Ningbo Hangzhouwan New District WWTP Project under our East BU volunteered at 

the COVID-19 checkpoints at the entrances of villages and communities. Our 

employees worked with the community staff to implement comprehensive pandemic 

prevention and control measures such as checking body temperature of residents and 

visitors, together safeguarding the health and safety of the local community. In addition, 

upon learning that nearby companies were experiencing disinfectant shortages, our 

Pinghu City Eastern WWTP Project donated sodium hypochlorite, a commonly used 

agent at WWTPs to these companies for pandemic prevention and control. The Pinghu 

Dongpian project learned that surrounding companies lacked disinfectants and 

provided them with sodium hypochlorite for free. 

 

 

Figure 34 Volunteering at COVID-19 checkpoints to implement pandemic prevention and control 

measures and answer residents’ inquiries. 

As the number of blood donations in Shenzhen City dropped drastically due to the 

pandemic, the blood stock could no longer meet clinical demand. In response, 

members of our South BU actively participated in local blood donation drives. In 

addition, to help out farmers whose product sales were negatively impacted by the 

pandemic, the business unit purchased fruits from Nanpo Village, Guangxi Province to 

secure local farmers’ source of income in times of difficulty. In addition, the project 

companies responded to the call of the local communities and organised employees 










56 

 

to carry out voluntary services, such as conducting body temperature checks for local 

residents in protective clothing. 

 

 

Figure 35 Employees from the South BU participated in blood donation drive (left) and conducted body 

temperature checks for local residents (right). 

Our Northeast BU closely monitored the quality of the incoming source water, promptly 

adjusted process parameters and adopted supplementary disinfection measures, and 

strictly managed the disinfection process to guarantee that the concentration of faecal 

coliforms in the effluent met relevant standards. In addition, the business unit made 

the public commitment that in cases of unpaid bills, there would be no pressing for 

payment or service suspension, to minimise the economic burden customers might 

already be shouldering due to the pandemic.  

On top of guaranteeing water supply for local residents, our North BU focussed 

particularly on key anti-pandemic groups such as local hospitals, medical equipment 

manufacturers, and heat and gas suppliers and secured their access to clean water. 

For local schools, the business unit offered around-the-clock service support, and 

promptly compiled and distributed the Advice on Water Safety for Schools to provide 

guidance on drinking water precautions, ensuring health and safety of teachers and 

students as classes resumed. Towards the end of 2020, when a new wave of COVID-

19 hit Dalian City, our employees engaged in community volunteer activities, helping 

implement disease prevention and control measures and distributing groceries to the 

residents. Their efforts received wide recognition from local communities.     






57 

 

 

 

 

Figure 36 Our employee participating in anti-pandemic volunteer services in local communities (left), and 

thank you letter from local communities in recognition of our employees’ volunteer work (right). 

6.3 Combatting Flood and Safeguarding Livelihoods  

In July 2020, the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River experienced 7 rounds 

of heavy rainfall, and our projects along the Yangtze River faced serious challenges. 

The water levels of our Xinwuhu Water Plant and Qianchuan WWTP in Huangpi District 

of Wuhan City had been rising daily, endangering the safety of our employees on duty, 

operation safety of the water plant, and drinking water safety of 800,000 people in 

southern Huangpi.  

The project company launched an emergency plan and carried out comprehensive 

arrangement and preparation in emergency rescue and safe production. On July 11, 

as the water level of the Yangtze River exceeded the warning threshold, in order to 

ensure the safety of Wuhan City, the city’s flood control headquarter decided to flood 

the Tianxing Island. Under the unified dispatch of the government, all residents 

evacuated the island and only three water pump room operators from the Xinwuhu 

Water Plant stayed. To guarantee employee safety and the stable operation of 

equipment and facilities, the Company immediately reported the situation to the 

superior department and held overnight emergency meeting. The water plant 

successfully implemented measures for safe operation under high water levels the 

following day with respect to engineering, operation, and maintenance, which ensured 

the stable operation of the pump room under partially flooded condition.  

Disruptions to land transportation brought challenges to the transportation of spare 

parts for operation activities and necessities for living on the island. After discussing 

with local water affairs experts and experienced shipping personnel, leveraging on our 

on-site experience, we worked out a water transportation route from the island to 

Xinwuhu Water Plant, securing the transportation of personnel and supplies to and 

from the island. In such a difficult time, we rose to the challenges and strived to protect 

the drinking water safety of 800,000 people in southern Huangpi, showcasing the 

dedication and strong sense of responsibility of every member at SIIC Environment. 






58 

 

 

 

Figure 37 Transportation of supplies and personnel between Xinwuhu Water Plant and Tianxing Island 

(left); stable operation of the water pump room in the morning sun amidst the flood (right).






59 

 

Appendix: Hong Kong Stock Exchange ESG Reporting Guide Content Index 

General 

Disclosures 

and Key 

Performance 

Indicators 

(KPIs) 

 

Description 

 

Relevant Section 

 

Page 

Number 

Environmental 

Aspect A1：Emissions 

General 

Disclosure 

Information on: 

(a) the policies; and 

(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant 

impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, 

discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-

hazardous waste. 

4.1 Environmental 

Management Overview, 

4.2 Wastewater and Air 

Emissions Management, 

4.3 Hazardous and Non-

Hazardous Waste 

Management 

13-20 

KPI A1.1 

The types of emissions and respective emissions data. 

4.5 Environmental 

Performance Data 

24-35 

KPI A1.2 

Greenhouse gas emissions in total (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, 

intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility). 

KPI A1.3 

Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, 

intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility). 

KPI A1.4 

Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, 

intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility). 

KPI A1.5 

Description of measures to mitigate emissions and results achieved. 

4.2 Wastewater and Air 

Emissions Management 

13-18 

KPI A1.6 

Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, 

reduction initiatives and results achieved. 

4.3 Hazardous and Non-

Hazardous Waste 

Management 

18-20 

Aspect A2：Use of Resources 


60 

 

General 

Disclosure 

Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water and other 

raw materials. 

4.4 Resource Consumption 

Management 

20-23 

KPI A2.1 

Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type (e.g. electricity, gas or oil) 

in total (kWh in ’000s) and intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per 

facility). 

4.5 Environmental 

Performance Data 

24-35 

KPI A2.2 

Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, 

per facility). 

KPI A2.3 

Description of energy use efficiency initiatives and results achieved. 

4.4.1 Chemical and Energy 

Consumption 

20-21 

KPI A2.4 

Description of whether there are any issues in sourcing water that is fit for 

purpose, water efficiency initiatives and results achieved. 

4.4.2 Water Consumption  

21-22 

KPI A2.5 

Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if 

applicable, with reference to per unit produced. 

Not Applicable (the Company’s business 

activities mainly involve providing services 

and do not involve products)   

Aspect A3：The Environment and Natural Resources 

General 

Disclosure 

Policies on minimizing the issuer’s significant impact on the environment 

and natural resources. 

4.1 Environmental 

Management Overview 

13 

KPI A3.1 

Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment and 

natural resources and the actions taken to manage them. 

4.2 Wastewater and Air 

Emissions Management, 

4.3 Hazardous and Non-

Hazardous Waste 

Management, 

4.4 Resource Consumption 

Management 

13-23 

Social 

Aspect B1：Employment 


61 

 

General 

Disclosure 

Information on: 

(a) the policies; and 

(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant 

impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment 

and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, 

antidiscrimination, and other benefits and welfare. 

5.4.1 Employment and 

Labour Practices, 

5.4.2 Employee 

Compensation and Benefits 

44-47 

KPI B1.1 

Total workforce by gender, employment type, age group and geographical 

region. 

5.4.1 Employment and 

Labour Practices 

45 

KPI B1.2 

Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region. 

46 

Aspect B2：Health and Safety 

General 

Disclosure 

Information on: 

(a) the policies; and 

(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant 

impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and 

protecting employees from occupational hazards. 

5.3 Occupational Health 

and Safety  

 

 

39-43 

KPI B2.1 

Number and rate of work-related fatalities. 

43 

KPI B2.2 

Lost days due to work injury. 

43 

KPI B2.3 

Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, how they 

are implemented and monitored. 

39-43 

Aspect B3：Development and Training 

General 

Disclosure 

Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and skills for discharging 

duties at work. Description of training activities. 

5.4.3 Training and 

Development 

48-49 

KPI B3.1 

The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category 

(e.g. senior management, middle management). 

48 

KPI B3.2 

The average training hours completed per employee by gender and 

employee category. 

Aspect B4：Labour Standards 


62 

 

General 

Disclosure 

Information on: 

(a) the policies; and 

(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant 

impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour. 

5.4.1 Employment and 

Labour Practices 

 

44 

 

KPI B4.1 

Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child and 

forced labour. 

KPI B4.2 

Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when discovered. 

Aspect B5：Supply Chain Management 

General 

Disclosure 

Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the supply chain. 

5.2 Supply Chain 

Management 

38-39 

KPI B5.1 

Number of suppliers by geographical region. 

39 

KPI B5.2 

Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers 

where the practices are being implemented, how they are implemented and 

monitored. 

38-39 

Aspect B6：Product Responsibility 

General 

Disclosure 

Information on: 

(a) the policies; and 

(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant 

impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and 

privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of 

redress. 

5.1 Service Quality and 

Standards 

36-38 

KPI B6.1 

Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and 

health reasons. 

Not Applicable (the Company’s business 

activities mainly involve providing services 

and do not involve products)   

KPI B6.2 

Number of products and service related complaints received and how they 

are dealt with. 

5.1.2 Enhancing Customer 

Satisfaction  

37 

KPI B6.3 

Description of practices relating to observing and protecting intellectual 

property rights. 

5.1.3 Research and 

Development 

37-38 


63 

 

KPI B6.4 

Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures. 

5.1.1 Safeguarding Water 

Quality and Sanitation 

36-37 

KPI B6.5 

Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, how they are 

implemented and monitored. 

5.1.2 Enhancing Customer 

Satisfaction 

37 

Aspect B7：Anti-corruption 

General 

Disclosure 

Information on: 

(a) the policies; and 

(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant 

impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money 

laundering. 

3.5 Compliance 

Management and Anti-

Corruption 

11-12 

 

KPI B7.1 

Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought 

against the issuer or its employees during the reporting period and the 

outcomes of the cases. 

KPI B7.2 

Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, how 

they are implemented and monitored. 

Aspect B8：Community Investment 

General 

Disclosure 

Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the 

communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into 

consideration the communities’ interests. 

5.5 Giving Back to 

Community 

50-52 

KPI B8.1 

Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education, environmental concerns, labour 

needs, health, culture, sport). 

50-52 

KPI B8.2 

Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the focus area. 

50 

 

 

 

