
 

 




 

 

Contents 

 

Corporate Profile 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  1 

Board Statement 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  2 

Sustainability Approach 

 

 

 

 

 

  4 

Economic 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  7 

Environmental 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  8 

Social  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10 

Governance  

 

 

 

 

 

 

14 

GRI Standards Content Index 

 

 

 

 

15 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This sustainability report has been prepared by Silkroad Nickel Ltd. (the “Company”) and its contents 

have been reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, ZICO Capital Pte. Ltd. ("Sponsor"), in accordance 

with Rule 226(2)(b) of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual 

Section B: Rules of Catalist. 

 

This sustainability report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes 

no responsibility for the contents of this sustainability report, including the correctness of any of the 

statements or opinions made, or reports contained in this sustainability report. 

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms. Alice Ng, Director of Continuing Sponsorship, ZICO Capital 

Pte. Ltd. at 8 Robinson Road, #09-00 ASO Building, Singapore 048544, telephone (65) 6636 4201.


1 

 

1 CORPORATE PROFILE  

 

Silkroad Nickel Ltd. (“Silkroad Nickel” or the “Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, 

the “Group”) is the first and only pure nickel company listed on the Singapore Exchange 

(“SGX”). The Company made its trading debut on the Catalist board of the SGX on 30 July 

2018, under the stock code - STP. Since inception, the Company’s vision is to expand 

downstream and transform itself into a vertically integrated producer of Nickel products such 

as Nickel Pig Iron/Ferronickel (“NPI/FeNi”) for the Stainless Steel industry and to produce 

various nickel-related products utilized in Electric Vehicle (‘EV”) battery cathode components.  

 

Through its wholly-owned subsidiary, PT Teknik Alum Services (“PT TAS”), the Company 

owns and carries out its nickel ore mining operations at an approximately 1,301 hectares 

mining concession area in the Morowali Regency, Central Sulawesi, Indonesia. The Group 

currently conducts its mining activities using an open pit mining method, which includes the 

exploration, planning, transportation and stockpiling, delivery and barging, as well as 

reclamation and rehabilitation works throughout the mine’s lifetime. The Group engages third 

party mining contractors such as Jo Sinohydro-Sepco II Indo, a subsidiary of PowerChina, to 

undertake the necessary mining and production activities.   

 

The Company has also begun to originate and develop several downstream initiatives by 

entering into definitive agreements to build and operate a blast furnace plant and a Rotary-

Kiln Electric Furnace (“RKEF”) to produce NPI, which is vital for manufacturing stainless steel. 

In addition, the mine’s laterite ore comprising nickel and cobalt are key components used in 

lithium-ion batteries. The Company is engaged in discussions to develop partnerships and 

initiatives in the EV industry. 

 

These plans to develop and grow the Group’s downstream NPI and EV initiatives will 

transition Silkroad Nickel from its primary nickel mining operations to a fully-integrated nickel 

producer. This will allow Silkroad Nickel to change its current business model from operating 

as a relatively small-scale mining operator in an environment of high capital expenditure and 

relatively low operational efficiency, to being a low-cost nickel producer with high-quality 

nickel mining assets. 

 

 


2 

 

2 BOARD STATEMENT 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

We are pleased to present the second annual Sustainability Report of Silkroad Nickel Ltd. for 

the financial year from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”).  

 

The key material economic, environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) factors for the 

Group have been identified and reviewed by Mr. Eddy Pratomo (Independent Chairman) and 

Mr. Hong Kah Ing (Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company). The board 

of directors of the Company (“Board”) oversees the management and monitoring of these 

factors and takes them into consideration in the determination of the Group’s strategic 

direction and policies. Sustainability is a part of the Company’s wider strategy to create long-

term value for all its stakeholders. 

 

FY2020 will always be one of the most challenging years that we have faced, forever etched 

in our memory due to the ongoing Novel Coronavirus (“COVID-19”) pandemic. The pandemic 

has led to a significant slowdown in global economic activities, and has severely impacted 

many countries due to restricted travel, closed borders, and a standstill in commerce around 

the globe. Indonesia was not spared and remains severely affected, with the Indonesian 

government trying their best to contain the spread of COVID-19.  

 

It is therefore imperative for businesses to adapt quickly to key stakeholders’ concerns, closing 

any potential gaps and capitalising on opportunities amid today’s rapidly changing business 

environment.  

 

The EESG data and information provided have been derived from internal data monitoring 

and verification to ensure accuracy.  

 

REPORTING FRAMEWORK 

In defining our reporting content, we applied the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”)’s principles 

by considering the Group’s activities, impact and substantive expectations and interests of its 

stakeholders. We observed a total of four principles, namely materiality, stakeholder 

inclusiveness, sustainability index and completeness. For reporting quality, we observed the 

principles of balance, comparability, accuracy, timeliness, clarity and reliability.  

 

Silkroad Nickel has chosen the GRI framework as it is the most established international 

sustainability reporting standard and in respect of the extent to which such framework is 

applied, this report has been prepared in reference to the GRI Standards reporting guidelines, 

at Core level. No external assurance has been sought for this report.  

 

This report is set out on a “comply or explain” basis in accordance with Rule 711B and Practice 

Note 7F on Sustainability Reporting Guide of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist Rules”). Corresponding to GRI’s 

emphasis on materiality, this report highlights the key EESG related initiatives carried out 

throughout the 12-month period of FY2020.  

 


3 

 

This report excludes our downstream venture to operate smelter facilities for the production 

of nickel pig iron on the mine site in Sulawesi, Indonesia, which we had entered into a binding 

definitive head of agreement on 4 December 2019.  

 

FEEDBACK 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this 

enables us to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your 

comments and suggestions to enquiries@silkroadnickel.com. 

 

28 May 2021 

 

 

 


4 

 

3 SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

 

OUR SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY 

 

 

 

 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT  

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and 

material EESG factors relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key 

stakeholders are also taken into account when formulating corporate strategies. These key 

stakeholders include, but are not limited to, suppliers, shareholders, customers, employees, 

government and regulators, the Board, bankers and community. We adopt both formal and 

informal channels of communication to understand the needs of key stakeholders, and 

incorporate these into our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships. 

 

Key Stakeholders 

Engagement 

Platforms 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Key Concerns Raised 

Suppliers 

Meetings (via face-to-

face or online) 

Monthly 

Prompt payment, accurate 

specifications, selection of reliable 

suppliers 

Delivery performance and quality 

performance 

Vendor Assessment 

Annually 

Shareholders 

Annual General 

Meetings   

Annually 

Financial and operational 

performance of the Group, 

corporate governance and 

sustainability practices, business 

strategies of the Group 

Extraordinary General 

Meetings 

As and when 

applicable 

Annual Report 

Annually 

Announcements 

As and when 

applicable 

Roadshows 

As and when 

applicable 

Customers 

 

 

Meetings (via face-to-

face or online) 

Monthly 

Quality of services, on-time 

delivery, product quality level 

Open House 

Quarterly 

Employees 

Staff Appraisal 

Annually 

Employee compensation and 

benefits, personal development 

Townhall Sessions 

Quarterly 

Monthly Birthday 

Celebrations 

Monthly 

Staff Bonding Sessions 

Annually 

Government and 

Regulators 

Regulatory Reporting  

As and when 

applicable 

Timely reporting 

Full compliance with all law, rules 

and regulations 

 

 

 

 

Inspections 

Annually 

E-mails / Circulars 

Quarterly 

Surveys 

Quarterly 

Plan and 

Scope

Engage 

Stakeholders

Assess 

Materiality

Collect Data

Report


5 

 

Key Stakeholders 

Engagement 

Platforms 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Key Concerns Raised 

Board 

Board Meetings 

Quarterly 

Financial performance, policies 

and strategies and annual budgets 

of the Group 

Board Papers 

Quarterly 

Board Lunches 

Quarterly 

Bankers 

Meetings (via face-to-

face or online) 

Monthly 

Project financing, working capital 

financing 

Lunches 

Monthly 

Community 

Sponsorship 

Annually 

Corporate Social Responsibility 

(CSR) contribution  

Donation to local villagers 

Donations 

Monthly 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT  

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant EESG factors. Relevant 

EESG factors are then prioritised to identify material EESG factors which are subject to 

validation. The end result of this process is a list of material EESG factors disclosed in this 

report. Our sustainability process, as detailed above, is as shown below: 

 

 

The Group had conducted a materiality assessment for its inaugural Sustainability Report 

FY2019. For the Group’s Sustainability Report FY2020, a materiality review, which 

incorporated inputs gathered from stakeholders’ engagements, was conducted to ensure the 

relevance and materiality of the EESG factors identified. We engaged our employees from 

different departments, seeking our internal stakeholders’ feedback for prioritisation of these 

topics. Going forward, a continued materiality review will be conducted every year, 

incorporating inputs gathered from stakeholders’ engagements. 

 

IDENTIFICATION

PRIORITISATION

VALIDATION

REVIEW


6 

 

In order to determine if an EESG factor is material, we assessed its potential impact on the 

economy, environment and society and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying the 

guidance from GRI, we have identified the following as our material EESG factors:  

 

 

 

Economic

Economic Performance

Anti-Corruption

Social

Occupational Health and Safety

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

Child Labor

Local Communities

Socioeconomic Compliance

Rights of Indigenous People

Environmental

Energy

Biodiversity

Environmental Compliance 

Governance

Corporate Governance

Enterprise Risk Management 

Business Ethics


7 

 

4 ECONOMIC 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

FY2020 has been a challenging year for Silkroad Nickel due to challenges such as the global 

COVID-19 pandemic, which created economic uncertainties and dampened business 

activities. Closer to home, the Indonesian government’s ban on nickel ore exports also took 

effect on 1 January 2020 which impacted the Group’s upstream mining business. Due to these 

unfavourable market conditions, the Group recorded weaker financial results and had an 

unprofitable year for FY2020.  

 

For more details on the financial results of the Group for FY2020, please refer to the following 

sections of the Company’s annual report for FY2020: 

• 

Financial &amp; Operations Review, pages 4 to 5; and 

• 

Financial Statements, pages 41 to 90. 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

Silkroad Nickel does not tolerate corruption in any form. Our Group is guided by our anti-

corruption policy. The management of Silkroad Nickel (“Management”) emphasized to our 

staff that the Group has zero tolerance with corruption and that stern actions will be taken if 

anyone is involved in any corruption. Any report of corruption will be escalated to the attention 

of the Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee of the Company (“AC”). We prohibit 

corruption in all forms, including extortion and bribery.  

 

Silkroad Nickel has in place a whistle-blowing framework where staff of Silkroad Nickel can 

raise concerns about improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters through 

normal channels to the dedicated officers of Silkroad Nickel or to the AC via email or letter. In 

FY2020, there were no reports received through the whistle-blowing mechanism established 

by Silkroad Nickel. We have achieved the target we set last year. We are not aware of any 

incident of corruption in FY2020 (FY2019: NIL). 

 

Target for FY2021 

The Group aims to continue to maintain zero incident of corruption.


8 

 

5 ENVIRONMENTAL  

 

ENERGY 

Energy consumption is inevitable in the daily operations of a mining company. At our mining 

site, diesel is used for our excavators and dump trucks. Our average monthly diesel 

consumption in FY2020 was approximately 2,552 liters, as compared to 15,000 liters in 

FY2019. Lower operation levels in FY2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic had 

contributed to the significant decline in our diesel consumption.  

 

We have achieved the target we set last year and recorded no harmful emissions nor spill in 

our operations in FY2020.  

 

 

 

Target for FY2021 

We will actively review our energy consumption levels to gain an insight into how the average 

fuel consumption intensity level for our mining operation can be further improved. We will also 

proactively perform the necessary research to better understand how we can adopt and 

implement alternative sources of energy and green initiatives for our daily operations. 

Moreover, we aim to maintain the record of not having harmful emissions nor spill in FY2021. 

 

BIODIVERSITY 

The land we used for mining activities will be rehabilitated once it has been “mined-out”, in 

order to return the land to its pre-mining natural state. The land will be refilled with soil and 

trees will be replanted on the land. Fertilizer will also be added to the soil and the land. In 

FY2019, the Group had replanted 200 pots of trees in 5 hectares of the “mined-out” land 

(representing 30% of the “mined-out” land). However, in FY2020, the Group was not able to 

continue to achieve its target of rehabilitating 50% of the “mined-out” land due to the COVID-

19 pandemic which halted operational activities for most of the year. 

 

 

 

0

2,000

4,000

6,000

8,000

10,000

12,000

14,000

16,000

FY2019

FY2020

Average Monthy Diesel Consumption 

(liters)


9 

 

Target for FY2021 

The Group will resume its efforts to rehabilitate the land used for its mining operations in 

FY2021, and we aim to replant up to 200 pots of trees in 5 hectares of “mined-out” land, which 

will bring the total number of pots of trees planted to 400 (representing 60% of the “mined-out” 

land). 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE  

Silkroad Nickel is in compliance with the regulations of the Ministry of Energy and Mineral 

Resources, which specify that mining activities cannot result in flooding in the mining area. To 

prevent flooding, the Group has built a sediment pond, which is a temporary pond built on a 

mining site to capture eroded or disturbed soil and protect the water quality of the water bodies 

within the vicinity.  

 

There was no incidence of non-compliance with the regulations and no penalty imposed from 

local authorities in FY2020 (FY2019: NIL).  

 

Target for FY2021 

The Group will ensure the sediment ponds are well-maintained to prevent flooding and comply 

with all regulations of Indonesia’s Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources. 

 

 

 


10 

 

6 SOCIAL 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

Our employees’ safety and health at the workplace is one of our top priorities, and our goal is 

to have a zero-accident workplace. As we have engaged an external mining contractor, Jo 

Sinohydro-Sepco II Indo (a subsidiary of PowerChina), for our mining operations, the health 

and safety of the mining workers employed by the external mining contractor are not under 

our direct purview. However, as we are committed to providing and upholding a safe working 

environment for all workers, we will engage in proactive discussions with our mining contractor 

to constantly evaluate how the working environment and health and safety protocols can be 

further improved.  

 

Any work-related incidents would primarily be investigated by our external mining contractor. 

We would then perform an in-depth review of all findings from the investigations. This enables 

us to better understand how we can play our part to address the incident and more importantly, 

prevent any future work-related incidents. We will also frequently review the health and safety 

protocols that we have at our offices and mine site, and update them when necessary, to 

assure our employees and all mining workers that they are working in a safe environment. 

 

We have achieved the target we set last year. There was no record of any major accident, 

which resulted in any injury or death, in FY2020 (FY2019: NIL). 

 

Target for FY2021 

The Group is committed to maintaining zero work injury and death by accident as it strongly 

values the health and safety of all employees and mining workers. The Group will achieve this 

through the various aforementioned strategies and will continue to explore how the health and 

safety of all employees and mining workers can be further improved.  

 

Emergency Preparedness 

The safety of our employees and mining workers is important to us. We have assigned a 

Safety Officer to be stationed at our mine site. We also have an evacuation plan in place, 

which will be activated during emergencies. Pursuant to the evacuation plan, designated safe 

areas have been identified, and our employees and mining workers will be evacuated to the 

safe areas as instructed by the Safety Officer, in case of emergencies. 

 

COVID-19 Control Measures 

The Group has organised several initiatives to help our employees fight against COVID-19. 

The Group strictly enforces safe distancing measures and makes it compulsory for all 

employees to wear a mask at all times. Daily temperature taking is also mandated at the start 

and end of each day. After Singapore's circuit breaker, staggered working days and hours 

were introduced for a month to minimise physical interactions among employees in the 

Singapore office. 

 

Despite the Group’s efforts, there was an employee who contracted COVID-19 in Indonesia. 

However, we swiftly identified close contacts of the employee, and placed them on a two-week 

quarantine to ensure they did not contract the virus and were safe. The rest of the Indonesia 

office staff were kept safe and was able to prevent the COVID-19 virus from spreading further 


11 

 

as they were all practicing social distancing, staggered work days/hours and wearing masks 

at all times. In addition, the Company provided constant support to the employee over the 

entire recovery process. 

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

We offer workplace diversity and equal opportunities to our employees. For workplace 

diversity, we value everyone’s differences. We learn from each other regardless of cultural 

background and bring those differences into the workplace to broaden experience and 

knowledge. Diversity includes not only race but gender, ethnicity, personality, age, education 

and background. 

 

For equal opportunities, all employees are treated equally and not disadvantaged by 

prejudices or biases. Well performing employees will qualify for promotion or rewards 

regardless of their race, gender, ethnicity, personality, age, education and background.  

Employees are hired primarily based on their relevant credentials and experience. The Group 

strongly believes in delivering positive reinforcements to employees for the benefit of our long-

term growth. This can be achieved by giving credit to employees who have performed well in 

their respective roles, through initiatives such as annual Best Employee of the Year award. 

 

In addition, we celebrate an array of festivals such as Chinese New Year, Hari Raya, 

Deepavali and Christmas, by organising team meals and get togethers. The Group believes 

that by embracing diversity and multi-racial harmony in the workplace, it will help to foster a 

healthy and co-operative working environment that encourages team building. Prior to the 

COVID-19 pandemic, the Group had also organised a company trip for employees to Bangkok 

and Phuket.   

 

Our Group has a total of 53 employees as at the end of FY2020 (FY2019: 114), of which 9 

employees joined us during the year (FY2019: 14). Our turnover rate has increased to 76% in 

FY2020, as compared to 10% in FY2019. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, production 

activities had decreased significantly and the Group had to be conservative and did not hire 

any new mine site workers. The Group had also remained nimble by switching permanent 

employees, specifically mining workers/operators, to contractual employees as this enables 

the Group to reduce expenses. These were the two main reasons for the increase in turnover 

rate in FY2020. 


12 

 

40%

60%

GENDER

Female

Male

17%

64%

19%

AGE

below 30

30 to 50

above 50

87%

13%

0%

NATIONALITY

Indonesian

Singaporean

Others

25%

75%

GENDER

Female

Male

18%

64%

18%

AGE

below 30

30 to 50

above 50

94%

3%

3%

NATIONALITY

Indonesian

Singaporean

Others

Our workforce is distributed as follows:  

 

FY2020 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

FY2019 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Quarterly town hall sessions are conducted to keep our employees updated on our business 

development and human resource-related matters.  

 

We have achieved the target we set last year. There was no report of discrimination in FY2020 

(FY2019: NIL).  

 

Target for FY2021 

The Group aims to offer a diverse workplace that provides equal opportunities for all 

employees. It will continue to value diversity and treat everyone equally with respect. The 

Group will not tolerate any employees being disadvantaged as a result of prejudices or biases. 

The Group aims to maintain zero case of discrimination in FY2021.  

 


13 

 

CHILD LABOR 

We respect human rights, support the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labor, 

especially child labor. We do not employ minors as employees and we are not aware of any 

use of child labor by our suppliers. We will ensure that we eliminate forced and compulsory 

labor and child labor throughout our operations.  

 

LOCAL COMMUNITIES 

Our Group is committed to serving and giving back to the community. We recognise that for 

long-term sustainability, we need to achieve a balance between being profit-driven and being 

a socially responsible corporate citizen. 

 

In FY2020, we have set aside an annual budget for CSR initiatives, such as providing financial 

assistance for villages within close proximity of our mine site. The financial resources provided 

are used for the construction of houses and schools in the villages to enhance the 

communities' standards of living. We have achieved the target we set last year, which was to 

continue to support and give back to the community.  

 

Target for FY2021 

We will continue to support various charities and community organisations in FY2021 in order 

to serve and give back to the community. We are committed to achieving a balance between 

being profit-driven and a socially responsible corporate citizen.  

 

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE 

We pride ourselves in having good corporate governance and observing compliance with 

applicable laws and regulations. The Group is committed to conducting its business with 

integrity and to safeguard the interest of all our stakeholders, both internal and external. We 

will ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations throughout the years to come. We 

have achieved the target we set last year. There were no fines or penalties arising from 

contravention of laws and regulations in FY2020 (FY2019: NIL).  

 

Target for FY2021 

We will strictly ensure that we always remain compliant to the laws and regulations that apply 

to us. 

 

RIGHTS OF INDIGENOUS PEOPLE 

Our Group does not have any instance of violation involving the rights of indigenous people in 

FY2020 (FY2019: NIL).  

 

A CSR program was implemented by the district where the Group contributed RP5,000/MT 

(FY2019: RP5,000/MT) based on the sales quantity sold by the Group to the indigenous 

people in FY2020.  

 

Target for FY2021 

The Group will continue to support the CSR program implemented by the district.  

 


14 

 

7 GOVERNANCE 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Our corporate governance framework and practices for FY2020 are based on the principles 

and the provisions of the Singapore Code of Corporate Governance issued on 6 August 2018 

(the “Code”) which forms part of the continuing listing obligations of the Catalist Rules. 

 

Please refer to the Corporate Governance Report section set out on pages 15 to 33 of the 

Company’s annual report for FY2020, for more details of our corporate governance framework 

and practices. 

 

The Board confirms that, for FY2020, the Company has adhered to the principles of the Code, 

and the provisions of the Code (except where otherwise explained). In so far as any provision 

has not been complied with, appropriate explanations have been provided and how the 

practices the Company had adopted are consistent with the intent of the relevant principle of 

the Code. The Company will continue to assess its needs and implement appropriate practices 

accordingly.  

 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT 

The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the governance of risk and ensuring that the 

Management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls to safeguard 

interest of shareholders and the Group’s assets.  

 

Please refer to the Corporate Governance Report section set out on pages 15 to 33 of the 

Company’s annual report for FY2020, for more details of our governance and risk 

management practices. 

 

BUSINESS ETHICS 

All our staff are reminded of the importance of upholding the highest standards when it comes 

to business ethics. The Group regularly updates relevant staff with development in 

international and local regulations.  

 

We have achieved the target we set last year. There were no significant fines or non-monetary 

sanctions for non-compliance with laws and regulations in FY2020 (FY2019: NIL).  

 

Target for FY2021 

The Group targets to maintain its record of complying with international and local laws and 

regulations to avoid incurring any significant fines or face any non-monetary sanctions.   

 

 


15 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

Silkroad Nickel Ltd. 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

FY2020 Sustainability Report (SR) page 1  

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Singapore 

102-4 

Location of operations 

SR page 1 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

FY2020 Annual Report (AR) pages 13, 47, 

98 to 99  

102-6 

Markets served 

SR page 1, as well as AR page 81 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

SR pages 1, 7, 11 to 12 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

SR pages 11 to 12 

102-9 

Supply chain 

SR page 1 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and 

its supply chain 

None 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

We do not specifically address the 

precautionary approach. 

102-12 

External initiatives 

SR page 13 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

The subsidiary company, PT Teknik Alum 

Service, is a member of the Association of 

Nickel Mining Indonesia (Assosiasi 

Penambang Nikel Indonesia - APNI).  

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

SR pages 2 to 3 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour 

SR page 14 

102-18 

Governance structure 

AR pages 15 to 36 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR pages 4 to 5 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR pages 4 to 5 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR pages 4 to 5 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR pages 4 to 6 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

AR page 68 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

SR pages 2 to 3 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR page 5 to 6 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

None    

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

None     

102-50 

Reporting period 

SR page 2 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

29 May 2020 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the report 

SR page 3 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

SR page 2 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR pages 15 to 16 

102-56 

External Assurance 

No external assurance has been sought. We 

may seek external assurance in the future. 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

SR page 7 

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

SR page 7 

GRI 304: Biodiversity 

304-2 

Significant impacts of activities, products, 

and services on biodiversity 

SR pages 8 to 9 

 GRI 307: Environmental 

compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations 

SR page 9 


16 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 403: Occupational 

Health and Safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities 

SR pages 10 to 11 

GRI 405: Diversity and equal 

opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees 

SR pages 11 to 12 

GRI 408: Child Labor 

408-1 

Operations and suppliers at significant risk 

for incidents of child labor 

SR page 13 

GRI 411: Rights of 

Indigenous People 

411-1 

Incidents of violations involving rights of 

indigenous peoples 

SR page 13 

GRI 413: Local Communities 

413-1 

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, and 

development programs 

SR page 13 

GRI 419: Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in 

the social and economic area 

SR page 13 

 

