
 

 




 

 

Contents 

 

Corporate Profile 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  1 

Board Statement 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  2 

Sustainability Approach 

 

 

 

 

 

  4 

Economic 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  6 

Environmental 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  7 

Social  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  9 

Governance  

 

 

 

 

 

 

12 

GRI Standards Content Index 

 

 

 

 

14 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This sustainability report has been prepared by Silkroad Nickel Ltd. (the “Company”) and its contents 

have been reviewed by the Company’s sponsor, ZICO Capital Pte. Ltd. ("Sponsor"), in accordance 

with Rule 226(2)(b) of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Listing Manual 

Section B: Rules of Catalist. 

 

This sustainability report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes 

no responsibility for the contents of this sustainability report, including the correctness of any of the 

statements or opinions made, or reports contained in this sustainability report. 

 

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms. Alice Ng, Director of Continuing Sponsorship, ZICO Capital 

Pte. Ltd. at 8 Robinson Road, #09-00 ASO Building, Singapore 048544, telephone (65) 6636 4201.


1 

 

1 CORPORATE PROFILE  

 

Silkroad Nickel Ltd. (“Silkroad Nickel” or the “Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, 

the “Group”) is the first nickel mining company to be listed on the Singapore Exchange. 

Formerly known as China Bearing (Singapore) Ltd., the Company made its trading debut on 

the Catalist board of the Singapore Exchange on 30 July 2018, under the stock code “STP”, 

following the completion of the reverse takeover of the Company by FE Resources Pte. Ltd. 

on 5 July 2018.  

 

The Group is primarily engaged in the exploration, mining, production and sales of nickel ore. 

It has been granted a mining business license to carry out nickel ore mining operations at an 

approximately 1,301 hectares mining concession area located in the Morowali Regency, 

Central Sulawesi, Indonesia (the “Mining Concession Area”).  

 

The Group currently conducts its mining activities in the Mining Concession Area using an 

open pit mining method, which includes the exploration, planning and clearing of required 

surface areas, mining, transportation and stockpiling, delivery and barging, as well as 

reclamation and rehabilitation works. The Group engages third party contractors to undertake 

the necessary mining and production activities such as the stripping of overburden, 

excavation, transportation and stockpiling of the nickel ore as well as the maintenance of 

hauling roads within the Mining Concession Area.  

 

The Company has plans to develop its downstream business, transitioning from its primary 

nickel mining operations to a fully-integrated nickel producer that subcontracts its nickel 

mining operations. This will allow Silkroad Nickel to change its current business model from 

operating as a relatively small scale mining operator in an environment of high capital 

expenditure and relatively low operational efficiency, to being a low-cost nickel producer with 

high-quality nickel mining assets. 


2 

 

2 BOARD STATEMENT 

 

BOARD STATEMENT 

We are pleased to present the inaugural annual Sustainability Report of Silkroad Nickel Ltd. 

for the financial year ended 31 December (“FY”) 2019.  

 

The key material economic, environmental, social and governance (“EESG”) factors for the 

Group have been identified and reviewed by Mr. Eddy Pratomo (Independent Chairman) and 

Mr. Hong Kah Ing (Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company). The board 

of directors (“Board”) oversees the management and monitoring of these factors and takes 

them into consideration in the determination of the Group’s strategic direction and policies. 

Sustainability is a part of the Company’s wider strategy to create long-term value for all its 

stakeholders. 

 

Businesses must be quick to adapt to key stakeholders’ concerns, closing any potential gaps 

and capitalising on opportunities amid today’s rapidly-changing business environment.  

 

The EESG data and information provided have been derived from internal data monitoring 

and verification to ensure accuracy.  

 

REPORTING FRAMEWORK 

In defining our reporting content, we applied the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”)’s principles 

by considering the Group’s activities, impact and substantive expectations and interests of its 

stakeholders. We observed a total of four principles, namely materiality, stakeholder 

inclusiveness, sustainability index and completeness. For reporting quality, we observed the 

principles of balance, comparability, accuracy, timeliness, clarity and reliability.  

 

Silkroad Nickel has chosen the GRI framework as it is the most established international 

sustainability reporting standard and in respect of the extent to which such framework is 

applied, this report has been prepared in reference to the GRI Standards reporting guidelines, 

at Core level. No external assurance has been sought for this report.  

 

This report is set out on a “comply or explain” basis in accordance with Rule 711B and Practice 

Note 7F on Sustainability Reporting Guide of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading 

Limited Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (“Catalist Rules”). Corresponding to GRI’s 

emphasis on materiality, the report highlights the key EESG related initiatives carried out 

throughout the 12-month period, from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019.  

 

This report excludes our joint venture to build and operate smelter facilities for the production 

of nickel pig iron on the mine site in Sulawesi, Indonesia, which we had entered into a binding 

definitive head of agreement on 4 December 2019.  

 

 

 

 

 


3 

 

FEEDBACK 

We welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this 

enables us to consistently improve our policies, systems and results. Please send your 

comments and suggestions to wcliew@silkroadnickel.com. 

 

 

29 May 2020 

 

 

 


4 

 

3 SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 

 

OUR SUSTAINABILITY METHODOLOGY 

 

 

 

 

STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT  

An important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and 

material EESG factors relevant to our business. The interests and requirements of key 

stakeholders are also taken into account when formulating corporate strategies. These key 

stakeholders include, but are not limited to, suppliers, shareholders, customers, employees, 

government and regulators, the Board, bankers and community. We adopt both formal and 

informal channels of communication to understand the needs of key stakeholders, and 

incorporate these into our corporate strategies to achieve mutually beneficial relationships. 

 

Key Stakeholders 

Engagement 

Platforms 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Key Concerns Raised 

Suppliers 

Face-to-Face Meetings 

Monthly 

Prompt payment, accurate 

specifications, selection of reliable 

suppliers 

Delivery performance and quality 

performance 

Vendor Assessment 

Annually 

Shareholders 

Annual General 

Meetings   

Annually 

Financial and operational 

performance of the Group, 

corporate governance and 

sustainability practices, business 

strategies of the Group 

Extraordinary General 

Meetings 

As and when 

applicable 

Annual Report 

Annually 

Announcements 

As and when 

applicable 

Roadshows 

As and when 

applicable 

Customers 

 

 

Face-to-Face Meetings 

Monthly 

Quality of services, on-time 

delivery, product quality level 

Open House 

Quarterly 

Employees 

Staff Appraisal 

Annually 

Employee compensation and 

benefits, personal development 

Townhall Sessions 

Quarterly 

Monthly Birthday 

Celebrations 

Monthly 

Staff Bonding Sessions 

Annually 

Government and 

Regulators 

Regulatory Reporting  

As and when 

applicable 

Timely reporting 

Full compliance with all law, rules 

and regulations 

 

 

Inspections 

Annually 

E-mails / Circulars 

Quarterly 

Surveys 

Quarterly 

Plan and 

Scope

Engage 

Stakeholders

Assess 

Materiality

Collect Data

Report


5 

 

Key Stakeholders 

Engagement 

Platforms 

Frequency of 

Engagement 

Key Concerns Raised 

Board 

Board Meetings 

Quarterly 

Financial performance, policies 

and strategies and annual budgets 

of the Group 

Board Papers 

Quarterly 

Board Lunches 

Quarterly 

Bankers 

Face-to-Face Meetings 

Monthly 

Project financing, working capital 

financing 

Lunches 

Monthly 

Community 

Sponsorship 

Annually 

Corporate Social Responsibility 

(CSR) contribution  

Donation to local villagers 

Donations 

Monthly 

 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT  

Our sustainability process begins with the identification of relevant EESG factors. Relevant 

EESG factors are then prioritised to identify material EESG factors which are subject to 

validation. The end result of this process is a list of material EESG factors disclosed in this 

report. Process of which is as shown below: 

 

 

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment during the year with the help of an external 

consultant. We engaged our employees from different departments, seeking our internal 

stakeholders’ feedback for prioritisation of these topics. Going forward, materiality review will 

be conducted every year, incorporating inputs gathered from stakeholders’ engagements. 

 

In order to determine if an EESG factor is material, we assessed its potential impact on the 

economy, environment and society and its influence on the stakeholders. Applying the 

guidance from GRI, we have identified the following as our material EESG factors:  

 

 

Economic

Economic Performance

Anti-Corruption

Social

Occupational Health and Safety

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

Child Labor

Local Communities

Socioeconomic Compliance

Rights of Indigenous People

Environmental

Energy

Biodiversity

Environmental Compliance 

Governance

Corporate Governance

Enterprise Risk Management 

Business Ethics

IDENTIFICATION

PRIORITISATION

VALIDATION

REVIEW


6 

 

4 ECONOMIC 

 

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 

FY2019 had been a momentous year for Silkroad Nickel despite challenges such as the trade 

disputes between America and China, and closer to home, the Indonesian ban on exporting 

ore. Despite the volatility of nickel prices, Silkroad Nickel was able to record stronger results 

and a profitable year. 

 

Revenue for FY2019 increased by US$9.8 million or 169.6%, from US$5.7 million in FY2018, 

to US$15.5 million in FY2019. The increase was mainly due to the higher average selling price 

of nickel ore, in conjunction with a higher volume sold. The Group sold 674,007 metric tons 

(“MT”) for the year under review as compared to 275,856 MT in FY2018. Gross profit margin 

increased in FY2019, from 23.0% in FY2018, to 38.8% in FY2019. The increase in gross profit 

margin was because of the higher average selling price of nickel ore in tandem with the 

decrease in cost of goods sold per metric ton.  

 

For more details on the financial results of the Group for FY2019, please refer to the following 

sections of the Company’s annual report for FY2019: 

• 

Financial &amp; Operations Review, pages 4 to 5; and 

• 

Financial Statements, pages 36 to 79. 

 

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

Silkroad Nickel does not tolerate corruption in any form. Our Group is guided by our anti-

corruption policy. The management of Silkroad Nickel (“Management”) emphasized to our 

staff that the Group has zero tolerance with corruption and that stern actions will be taken if 

anyone is involved in any corruption. Any report of corruption will be escalated to the attention 

of the Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee of the Company (“AC”). We prohibit 

corruption in all forms, including extortion and bribery. We are not aware of any incident of 

corruption in FY2019 and we aim to maintain zero incident of corruption in FY2020.


7 

 

5 ENVIRONMENTAL  

 

ENERGY 

Energy consumption is inevitable in the daily operations of a mining company. At our mining 

site, diesel is used for our excavators and dump trucks. Our average monthly diesel 

consumption is approximately 15,000 litres.  

 

We 

do 

not 

have 

harmful 

emissions 

nor 

spill 

in 

our 

operations 

in                        

FY2019 and we aim to maintain this record in FY2020. 

 

BIODIVERSITY 

The land we used for mining activities will be rehabilitated once it has been “mined-out”, in 

order to return the land to its natural state pre-mining. The land will be refilled with soil and 

trees will be replanted on the land. Fertilizer will also be added to the soil and the land. In 

December 2019, the Group had replanted 200 pots of trees in about 5 hectares of the “mined-

out” land (representing 30% of the “mined-out” land). Additionally, there were no waste 

generated from the Group’s mining activities. We target to rehabilitate 50% of the “mined-out” 

land in FY2020. 


























8 

 

 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE  

Silkroad Nickel is in compliance with the regulations of the Ministry of Energy and Mineral 

Resources, which specify that mining activities cannot result in flooding in the mining area. To 

prevent flooding, the Group has built a sediment pond, which is a temporary pond built on a 

mining site to capture eroded or disturbed soil and protect the water quality of the nearby 

stream, river, lake, or bay. 

 

There was no incidence of non-compliance with the regulations and no penalty imposed from 

local authorities in FY2019.   

 

We target to maintain the sediment pond to prevent flooding and comply with all regulations 

in FY2020.  

 

 


9 

 

25%

75%

GENDER

Female

Male

18%

64%

18%

AGE

below 30

30 to 50

above 50

94%

3%

3%

NATIONALITY

Indonesian

Singaporean

Others

6 SOCIAL 

 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 

Our employees’ safety and health at the workplace is one of our top priorities, and our ultimate 

goal is to have a zero-accident workplace. We are committed to managing and reducing safety 

and health risks through effective risk management. Our Health and Safety Committee 

provides safety training and supervision of the working environment. We conduct safety 

training on a monthly basis and ensure all the road infrastructure, equipment and vehicles at 

the mine site are in good condition. In the event of any occurrence of any injury at the mine 

site, the Safety Officer will investigate the incident and collect information relating to the 

incident. We have also established a Health and Safety policy, which is made available to our 

staff through the Production SOP (Standard Operating Procedure).  

 

There was no record of any major accident, which resulted in any injury or death, in FY2019 

and we target to maintain zero major accident in FY2020.  

 

Emergency Preparedness 

Our employees’ safety is important to us. We have assigned a Safety Officer to be stationed 

at our mine site. We also have an evacuation plan in place, which will be activated during 

emergencies. Pursuant to evacuation place, a designated safe area at the pit, dormitory and 

workshop area has been identified, and our staff will be evacuated to the safe area as 

instructed by the Safety Officer, in case of emergencies. 

 

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

We offer workplace diversity and equal opportunities to our employees. For workplace 

diversity, we value everyone’s differences. We learn from each other regardless of cultural 

background and bring those differences into the workplace to broaden experience and 

knowledge. Diversity includes not only race but gender, ethnicity, personality, age, education 

and background. 

 

For equal opportunities, all employees are treated equally and not disadvantaged by 

prejudices or bias. The well performing employees will qualify for promotion or rewards 

regardless of their race, gender, ethnicity, personality, age, education and background.   

 

Our Group has a total of 114 employees as at the end of FY2019, 14 of which joined us during 

the year (10% turnover rate). Our workforce is distributed as follows:  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


10 

 

 

There was no report of discrimination in FY2019 and we target to maintain zero report of 

discrimination in FY2020.  

 

We conduct quarterly town hall sessions to keep our employees updated on our business 

development and human resource-related matters.  

 

In FY2019, we had rewarded one of our employees 

by recognising the employee as the “Best Employee” 

of the year.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

CHILD LABOR 

We respect human rights, support the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labor, 

especially child labor. We do not employ minors as employees and we are not aware of any 

child labor from our suppliers. We will ensure that we eliminate forced and compulsory labor 

and child labor throughout our operations.  

 

LOCAL COMMUNITIES 

Our Group is committed to serving and giving back to the community. We recognise that for 

long-term sustainability, we need to achieve a balance between being profit-driven and being 

a socially responsible corporate citizen. 

 

In FY2019, we have supported the community through the following:  

▪ 

Hari Raya - Donated cow and cash to the village nearby our mine site 

▪ 

Football competition in the village nearby our mine site - Cash donation  

▪ 

Palu Tsunami - Cash donation and lent our vehicle to the local authority to assist in 

transporting the Tsunami victims 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We will continue to support the community in the upcoming years.  

Hari Raya – cash donation to the villagers 








11 

 

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE 

We pride ourselves in having good corporate governance and observing compliance with 

applicable laws and regulations. The Group is committed to conduct its business with integrity 

and to safeguard the interest of all our stakeholders, both internal and external. We will ensure 

compliance with applicable laws and regulations throughout the years to come.  

 

RIGHTS OF INDIGENOUS PEOPLE 

Our Group does not have any instance of violation involving the rights of indigenous people in 

FY2019.  

 

A CSR program was implemented by the district where the Group contributed RP5,000/MT 

based on the sales quantity sold by the Group to the indigenous people in FY2019. We will 

continue to support the CSR program implemented by the district in FY2020.  

 


12 

 

7 GOVERNANCE 

 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Silkroad Nickel believes that strong governance is key to a sustainable business. The Board 

and the Management are committed to the best practices in corporate governance to ensure 

sustainability of the Group’s operations. We believe that our constant drive for corporate 

excellence will allow us to establish a more transparent, accountable and equitable system, 

thereby protecting the interests of our shareholders, as well as increasing the value of our 

Company and enhancing long-term shareholders’ value.  

 

Our corporate governance framework and practices for FY2019 are based on the principles 

and the provisions of the Singapore Code of Corporate Governance issued on 6 August 2018 

(the “Code”) which forms part of the continuing listing obligations of the Catalist Rules. 

 

Please refer to the Corporate Governance Report section set out on pages 15 to 29 of the 

Company’s annual report for FY2019, for more details of our corporate governance framework 

and practices. 

 

The Board confirms that, for FY2019, the Company has adhered to the principles of the Code, 

and the provisions of the Code (except where otherwise explained). In so far as any provision 

has not been complied with, appropriate explanations have been provided and how the 

practices the Company had adopted are consistent with the intent of the relevant principle of 

the Code. The Company will continue to assess its needs and implement appropriate practices 

accordingly.  

 

We will continue to comply with the Code and meet all requirements that are expected of us 

by our stakeholders. In case any deviations are found, we shall make the necessary disclosure 

as required under the Code. 

 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT 

The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the governance of risk and ensuring that the 

Management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls to safeguard 

interest of shareholders and the Group’s assets. At this stage, the Board is of the view that a 

separate board risk committee need not be established as the Board and the AC are currently 

responsible for monitoring the implementation of the Group’s risk management framework and 

policies and the current arrangement is effective for the time being. 

 

The Management has conducted a review of the strategic, operational, ﬁnancial, compliance 

and information technology risks faced by the Group and has implemented appropriate 

controls to mitigate these risks. On a quarterly basis, the Chief Financial Ofﬁcer (“CFO”) of the 

Company provides an update to the AC on the key risks faced by the Group and measures in 

place to ensure that material risks of the Group are being mitigated to an acceptable level. 

 

We aim to review our risk management framework and policies regularly to ensure all relevant 

risks are identified, communicated and addressed timely. 

 


13 

 

BUSINESS ETHICS 

All of our staff are reminded of the importance of upholding the highest standards when it 

comes to business ethics. The Group regularly updates relevant staff with development in 

international and local regulations. There were no significant fines or non-monetary sanctions 

for non-compliance with laws and regulations in FY2019 and we target to maintain this record 

in FY2020.  

 

 


14 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

GRI 101: Foundation 2016 

 

 

GENERAL DISCLOSURE 

 

 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 

102-1 

Name of organisation 

Silkroad Nickel Ltd. 

102-2 

Activities, brands, products and services 

FY2019 Sustainability Report (SR) page 1  

102-3 

Location of headquarters 

Singapore 

102-4 

Location of operations 

SR page 1 

102-5 

Ownership and legal form 

FY2019 Annual Report (AR) pages 13, 41, 

84 to 85  

102-6 

Markets served 

SR page 1, as well as AR pages 72 to 73 

102-7 

Scale of the organisation 

SR pages 1, 6, 9 to 10 

102-8 

Information on employees and other workers 

SR pages 9 to 10 

102-9 

Supply chain 

SR page 1 

102-10 

Significant changes to the organisation and 

its supply chain 

None 

102-11 

Precautionary Principle or approach 

We do not specifically address the 

precautionary approach. 

102-12 

External initiatives 

SR page 10 

102-13 

Membership of associations 

The subsidiary company, PT Teknik Alum 

Service, is a member of the Association of 

Nickel Mining Indonesia (Assosiasi 

Penambang Nikel Indonesia - APNI).  

102-14 

Statement from senior decision maker 

SR pages 2 to 3 

102-16 

Values, principles, standards and norms of 

behaviour 

SR page 12 

102-18 

Governance structure 

AR pages 15 to 29 

102-40 

List of stakeholder groups 

SR pages 4 to 5 

102-41 

Collective bargaining agreements 

None 

102-42 

Identifying and selecting stakeholders 

SR pages 4 to 5 

102-43 

Approach to stakeholder engagement 

SR pages 4 to 5 

102-44 

Key topics and concerns raised 

SR pages 4 to 5 

102-45 

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements 

AR page 61 

102-46 

Defining report content and topic boundaries 

SR pages 2 to 3 

102-47 

List of material topics 

SR page 5 

102-48 

Restatement of information 

Not applicable as this is the first reporting 

cycle  

102-49 

Changes in reporting 

Not applicable as this is the first reporting 

cycle  

102-50 

Reporting period 

SR page 2 

102-51 

Date of most recent previous report 

Not applicable as this is the first reporting 

cycle 

102-52 

Reporting cycle 

Annually 

102-53 

Contact point for questions about the report 

SR page 3 

102-54 

Claims if reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards 

SR page 2 

102-55 

GRI content index 

SR pages 14 to 15 

102-56 

External Assurance 

No external assurance has been sought. We 

may seek external assurance in the future. 

MATERIAL TOPICS 

 

 

GRI 201: Economic 

performance 

201-1 

Direct economic value generated and 

distributed 

SR page 6 

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 

205-1 

Operations assessed for risks related to 

corruption 

SR page 6 

GRI 304: Biodiversity 

304-2 

Significant impacts of activities, products, 

and services on biodiversity 

SR page 7 


15 

 

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX 

 

GRI Standard 

Disclosure 

 

Reference / Description 

 GRI 307: Environmental 

compliance 

307-1 

Non-compliance with environmental laws 

and regulations 

SR page 8 

GRI 403: Occupational 

Health and Safety 

403-2 

Types of injury and rates of injury, 

occupational diseases, lost days, and 

absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities 

SR page 9 

GRI 405: Diversity and equal 

opportunity 

405-1 

Diversity of governance bodies and 

employees 

SR pages 9 to 10 

GRI 408: Child Labor 

408-1 

Operations and suppliers at significant risk 

for incidents of child labor 

SR page 10 

GRI 411: Rights of 

Indigenous People 

411-1 

Incidents of violations involving rights of 

indigenous peoples 

SR page 11 

GRI 413: Local Communities 

413-1 

Operations with local community 

engagement, impact assessments, and 

development programs 

SR page 10 

GRI 419: Socioeconomic 

Compliance 

419-1 

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in 

the social and economic area 

SR page 11 

 

