


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 7

S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  

S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 0 1 7

BUILDING

for a 

BETTER FUTURE


CONTENTS

01

ABOUT SINARMAS LAND

1

02 MESSAGE FROM THE 

CHAIRMAN AND CEO

4

03 ABOUT THIS REPORT

9

04 OUR APPROACH

12

 

In this section

12

 

Sinarmas Land's 

 

Sustainability Vision

12

 

Governance &amp; Risk 

 

Management

15

 

Materiality

17

 

Stakeholder 

 

Engagement

18

05 ENVIRONMENT

20

 

In this section

20

 

Materials

22

 

Energy

23

 

Emissions

24

 

Water

25

 

Effluents and Waste

26

 

Environmental 

 

Compliance

27

08

PRODUCT QUALITY AND 

CUSTOMER WELL-BEING

41

 

In this section

41

 

BSD Green Office Park

41

 

Ensuring Customers' and 

 

the Public's Well-Being

43

09

COMMUNITY

44

 

In this section

44

 

Infrastructure Investment

44

Pasar Modern BSD 

(Modern Market BSD)

45

Rumah Pintar BSD (BSD 

"Knowledge House")

46

Revitalization of 

Kalijodo

47

Development of 

Telaga Desa in KIIC

47

Revitalization of Jagir 

River in Surabaya

48

 

SMILE Program

48

Poverty Alleviation

48

Improvement of Basic 

Infrastructure

50

Quality Education

51

Climate Action

52

 

Managing Our Impact 

 

on Communities

53

10

APPENDIX

54

 

GRI Content Index

54

06 PEOPLE

28

 

In this section

28

 

Employment

28

Our Employees

28

Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity

29

New Hires and 

Employee Retention

32

 

Benefits and Welfare

34

Family-friendly 

Employer

34

Respecting Freedom of 

Association and 

Collective Bargaining 

Rights

34

Above the minimum 

wage

34

Retirement Plans and 

other Defined Benefits

35

 

People Development

36

Training and 

Development

36

Employee Engagement

37

07 OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH 

&amp; SAFETY

38

 

In this section

38

 

Our discplined 

approach to ensuring 

Occupational Health &amp; 

Safety

38


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

1

ABOUT 

SINARMAS LAND

As Indonesia's leading 

integrated real-estate 

developer, we have great 

responsibility to sustainably 

manage natural resources, 

be an equal opportunity 

employer – and to create 

living and working spaces 

that allow the communities 

we operate in to prosper.

In Indonesia, SML is the largest property developer in 

terms of market capitalisation. We operate mainly through 

three publicly listed Indonesian subsidiaries, namely PT 

Bumi Serpong Damai Tbk ("BSDE"), PT Duta Pertiwi Tbk 

("DUTI") and PT Puradelta Lestari Tbk ("DMAS") – with 

a combined market capitalisation in excess of S$5.0 

billion as at 31 December 2017. Outside Indonesia, SML 

has completed development projects and holds long-

term investments in commercial and hospitality assets, 

across markets including Malaysia, China and the United 

Kingdom.

The Group recorded achieved a record-breaking 

performance for the financial year ended 31 December 

2017. Revenue surpassed the billon-dollar mark to 

S$1,296.4 million with an EBITDA of S$750.9 million. 

As at 31 December 2017, the Group has total assets of 

S$6,562.8 million, with total debt of S$1,525.0 million 

and total equity of S$4,085.2 million. In terms of revenue 

breakdown, S$1,094.3 million was derived from sales 

of development properties, S$129.4 million from rental 

and related income, S$29.3 million from hotel and golf 

operations and S$43.4 million from others. Please refer 

to our Annual Report 2017 for additional details on our 

corporate structure and our financial results.

Sinarmas Land Limited (formerly known as AFP Properties 

Limited), is listed on the Singapore Exchange and 

headquartered in Singapore. We are engaged in 

property development and real estate leasing through 

our operations in Indonesia, Malaysia, China and United 

Kingdom. Our Indonesian property division covers all 

sub-sectors of the property business, including township 

development, residential, commercial, industrial and 

hospitality-related properties. In addition, Sinarmas Land 

has long-term investments in major commercial buildings, 

hotels and resorts. 

MARKET SEGMENT

Types of customers served

Low

Middle

High

Residential (landed &amp; high-rise)

X

X

Commercial

Modern Market

Shophouses, Offices

Business Loft

Retail

Trade Centres

Malls

Hotels

X

Industrial

X

X


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

2

ABOUT SINARMAS LAND

International Industrial City (“KIIC”), an award-winning 

green industrial estate located in Karawang, West Java.

In the United Kingdom, the Group made its first investment 

in June 2013 with the acquisition of a freehold office 

building, New Brook Buildings, in West End, London. In 

September 2014, the Group made its second acquisition 

of a freehold office building, Warwick House. In 

December 2014, the Group disposed of New Brook 

Buildings. In October 2015, the Group made its third 

investment with the acquisition of a freehold office 

building, Alphabeta Building, in Shoreditch, London. In 

June 2017, the Group made its fourth investment with the 

acquisition of a freehold office building, 33 Horseferry 

Road, in Victoria, London. At present, the Group owns 

close to 500,000 square feet of strategically located 

freehold commercial space and assets under management 

of close to S$1.0 billion in Central London.

In the Southern Malaysian state of Johor, the Group owns 

and operates the 54-hole Palm Resort Golf &amp; Country 

Club and 330-room Le Grandeur Palm Resort Hotel, one 

of the few integrated golf and leisure destinations in the 

state of Johor. It is a 30-minute drive from Singapore's 

Tuas Checkpoint, five-minute drive from Johor Senai 

International Airport and strategically located within the 

Flagship Development Zone E of Iskandar Malaysia.

BSDE is the largest property development company 

in Indonesia based on its market capitalisation as at 

31 December 2017. It was established in 1984 by a 

consortium of shareholders and started operations in 

1989. BSDE’s flagship township development is BSD City, 

one of Indonesia’s largest privately developed satellite 

cities comprising a development area (including land 

rights) of approximately 6,000 hectares. BSD City will be 

the focal point of our inaugural sustainability report.

Other than BSD City, BSDE has property development 

projects and landbank situated in Central Jakarta, 

Bekasi, Cibubur, Surabaya, Medan, Balikpapan, 

Makassar, Samarinda, Manado, Palembang and 

Semarang. Apart from property development, the Group 

owns and operates investment properties comprising 

office buildings, retail spaces and hotels in key cities in 

Indonesia.

In addition, the Group has jointly developed Kota 

Deltamas with Sojitz Corporation of Japan. Kota 

Deltamas is a modern self-sustainable integrated township 

development that consists of industrial, commercial and 

residential estates strategically located in Bekasi, Jakarta. 

Also, the Group had been in a joint venture with ITOCHU 

Corporation of Japan to jointly develop Karawang 

PORTFOLIO OVERVIEW

City &amp; Township 

Commercial

Retail &amp; Trade Centres

Hotels, Resorts &amp; 

Golf Courses

4

20

15

16

Residential

Convention &amp; 

Exhibition Centre

Industrial Estates

3

1

19

NETWORK OF OPERATIONS

China

United 

Kingdom

Malaysia

Indonesia 


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

3

ABOUT SINARMAS LAND

   Member of Real Estate Indonesia (Indonesia 

Developers Association)

   Member of Indonesia Energy Conservation Society 

(Masyarakat Konservasi Energi Indonesia /MASKEI)

  Member of Indonesia Industrial Estate Association 

(Himpunan Kawasan Industri Indonesia)

   Member of Indonesia Retail Building Management 

Association (Asosiasi Pengelola Pusat Perbelanjaan 

Indonesia / APPBI)

  Member of Indonesia Hotel and Restaurant 

Association

  Member of Jakarta Hotel Association

During the reporting period, there were no significant 

changes to the organisation or its supply chain.

We believe that the complexity of sustainability issues 

often requires a collaborative approach to find the best 

solutions. To this end, we are a member of the following 

organisations:

  Founding Corporate Member of the Green Building 

Council Indonesia

  United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), via the 

Indonesia Global Compact Network (IGCN, planned 

for 2018)

state. Located in and amongst a 27-hole international 

championship golf course and equipped with commercial 

facilities, hotels and high-end residential property, 

Nuvasa Bay aims to provide residents and tourists with a 

balanced and luxurious lifestyle.

At the end of 2017, Sinarmas Land had 3,870 employees 

across the Group's Indonesian operations. For more 

details on our workforce, please refer to the "People" 

section on page 28.

In the Indonesian island of Batam, the Group owns and 

operates Palm Springs Golf &amp; Beach Resort, one of the 

best golf courses in Batam that provides excellent club 

facilities, complete with warm hospitality and first class 

services. Within Palm Springs Golf &amp; Beach Resort, the 

Group has introduced the Nuvasa Bay development, 

the first integrated luxury residential and mixed-use 

development in Batam. Spanning across 228 hectares, 

Nuvasa Bay offers views of Singapore from its 1.2 

km coastline, 30 minutes away from the bustling city-

Property 

Management

Low-Rise 

Product

High-Rise 

Product

Industrial 

Product

City 

Development

Land 

Acquisition

Sales &amp; 

Marketing

Human 

Capital

Corporate 

IT

SINARMAS 

LAND

Outsourcing, e.g.:

- Security

- Technician

- Cleaning Services

Maintenance 

Contractor

Goods 

Supplier

Design Consultant, 

e.g.

- Structural

- Architect

- Plumbing

- M&amp;E

Building Contractor, 

e.g.:

- Structural

- Architect

- Plumbing

- M&amp;E

Infrastructure 

Contractor, e.g.:

- Landscaping

Material Supplier:

- Building

- Infrastructure

Consultant:

- Masterplan

- City Infra.

Infrastructure 

Material Supplier

Contractor, e.g.:

- Cut &amp; Fill

- Road

- Electricity

- Water Supply

Consultant:

- Permit

- Legal

Land Acquisition 

Contractor

Above The Line  

Vendor

Below The Line 

Vendor 

External Sales 

Agent

Training Provider

Sourcing Vendor

IT Vendor:

- Application

- Infrastructure

- Operation

Disaster Recovery  

Center Provider

Sinarmas Land's Supply Chain


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

4

Dear Stakeholders,

As Sinarmas Land Limited (“SML” or “the Company”) 

and its subsidiaries (collectively “the Group”) celebrate its 

20th anniversary as a listed Company on the Singapore 

Stock Exchange (SGX), we are pleased to present our 

inaugural annual Sustainability Report. This report, which 

has been approved by the Board of Directors, presents 

SML's material sustainability or environmental, social, and 

governance (ESG) issues, our approach in managing these 

issues, and setting their performance indicators.

ESG issues, especially those relating to climate change, 

have gained greater awareness globally in recent years. 

Increasingly, stakeholders, such as investors and financial 

institutions, are paying more attention to companies’ 

ESG issues and assessing how these important topics are 

managed. In 2017, we witnessed the following key ESG 

developments globally: 

  A significant increase in global investors, including 

the likes of the world's largest asset managers such as 

Blackrock and Vanguard, have urged corporates to 

assess and disclose the impact of climate change on 

their business; 

MESSAGE FROM 

THE CHAIRMAN AND CEO

In our 46 years as a property 

developer, we learned early on 

that true success lies in planning; 

planning that incorporates the 

very best in functional design, 

inspirational architecture – and 

sustainability.

   In Singapore, a carbon tax of S$5 per tonne of 

greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions has been passed in 

Parliament and will be imposed from 2019 onwards; 

  China, despite being relatively new to the global 

green bond market, has already assumed a 

dominant role by being the world's largest issuer of 

“green” bonds, where proceeds are used towards 

environment-friendly activities; 

  In response to increasing shareholders’ demand for 

ESG disclosures and as part of the United Nations' 

Sustainable Stock Exchange initiative, several regional 

stock exchanges including Singapore, Malaysia, and 

Hong Kong are now requiring listed companies to 

report on their material ESG issues. 

While Sustainability Reporting may be new to SML, 

sustainability as a business imperative is not new to the 

Group. As an accomplished and responsible leader 

in Indonesia’s real estate industry, we understand 

the importance of sustainability and delivering our 

commitments to key stakeholders. In 2013, we launched 

our Sustainable Development Program Plan (SDPP), 

aligning it on inception with the United Nations Millennium 

Development Goals (MDGs). In 2015, the United Nations 

adopted a new sustainable development agenda, 

known as the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). 

Correspondingly, we have reflected these changes in our 

SDPP by announcing our new Sinarmas Land Sustainability 

Vision in this inaugural sustainability report which serves as 

a guide in managing our material ESG issues. Please refer 

to page 12 of this report for more detailed information on 

our Sustainability Vision.

In 2017, we made significant progress in identifying and 

managing our ESG issues. First, we conducted a full 

Materiality Assessment internally to identify our material 

ESG issues, which was subsequently reviewed by an  


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

5



FRANKY OESMAN WIDJAJA

Executive Chairman

5


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

6



MUKTAR WIDJAJA

Executive Director and 

Chief Executive Officer


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

7



MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN AND CEO

SML is a founding corporate member of the non-profit 

organisation "Green Building Council Indonesia” since 

its establishment in 2009, as part of our commitment 

to mitigate significant impacts of climate change and 

protect the surrounding environment during property 

developments. Guided by our council’s principles, we 

developed Indonesia's first green office park – the BSD 

Green Office Park in BSD City. For its innovative eco-

friendly practices, the BSD Green Office Park received the 

Green Mark Gold Award from Singapore’s Building and 

Construction Authority ("BCA"). We are pleased to report 

that we achieved a reduction of 10% in both our energy 

intensity and GHG intensity per Gross Floor Area (GFA) in 

our green buildings in the BSD Green Office Park.

external sustainability consultant. Next, we integrated ESG 

issues into our existing risk management framework so as to 

ensure that the Board is kept abreast of its happenings and 

has the ability to actively support our management team in 

addressing them. In this framework, the Board is supported 

by the Audit &amp; Risk Management Committee as well as the 

Executive Risk Management Committee in managing the 

Group's sustainability initiatives and programs.

Within our operations, a robust governance and risk 

management framework guides the organisation in 

conducting our business ethically. We adopt a zero-

tolerance approach towards corruption. I am pleased 

to report that apart from one minor incident that was 

thoroughly investigated and referred to the Indonesian 

court by Sinarmas Land's management (please see section 

Governance &amp; Risk Management for details), no other 

legal cases regarding corruption were brought against the 

Group, or its subsidiaries during the year.

BSD Green Office Park.

1

1


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

8

FRANKY OESMAN 

WIDJAJA

Executive Chairman



the society. We have since implemented local community 

engagements, impact assessments, and development 

programs in all our operations across Indonesia. Some of 

our key contributions include jobs creation and business 

opportunities for the local communities through employment 

and entrepreneurship, as well as infrastructure investments 

such as highways, schools, and markets. 

We aim to be the leading property developer in South-

East Asia, trusted by customers, employees, society and 

our other stakeholders. Going forward, we are planning 

to engage key external stakeholders specifically on our 

material ESG issues and will incorporate their constructive 

feedback in our Sustainability Vision and strategy to deliver 

financial, environmental and social value. We believe 

that our Sustainability Vision will enable us to continue 

delivering value for all our stakeholders and for many 

generations to come.

Being the leading property developer in Indonesia, 

occupational safety, health and well-being are of paramount 

importance to us. We are pleased to report that there 

were no fatalities or instances of occupational diseases in 

our Retail &amp; Hospitality and Asset Management divisions. 

However, there were ten work-related accidents involving 

our employees and contractors in 2017. These were minor 

and moderate injuries which required only first-aid level 

medical treatment. We will continue to assess and improve 

our internal controls to reduce the occurrence of accidents, 

injuries and illnesses to all our employees and contractors.

It is our responsibility as an employer to provide a 

conducive and inclusive workplace for our employees' 

development, well-being and satisfaction. Recognising that 

people are the main driver of our success, we treat all our 

employees equally, fairly, and with respect, offering them 

an equal opportunities policy on employment, banning 

discrimination based on race, national origin, religion, 

disability, gender, sexual orientation, union membership 

and political affiliation. Through these actions, we recorded 

a turnover rate of 18% and a return to work rate after 

parental leave of 100% in 2017.

We understand that community acceptance and support 

are a key foundation for sustainable growth in an ever-

changing business landscape. Identified as one of the four 

pillars of our Sustainability Vision, we are committed to 

contribute back to the economic and social development of 

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN AND CEO



2

Encouraging Entrepreneurship 

through the development of 

Modern Market BSD

2



MUKTAR WIDJAJA

Executive Director and 

Chief Executive Officer


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

9

ABOUT 

THIS REPORT

Being new to sustainability 

reporting, we are committed 

to implement the reporting 

requirements by leveraging 

on our key strengths: 

discipline, diligence and a 

lifelong learning approach to 

continuous improvements.

BSD City is under development pursuant to a master plan 

that we developed in consultation with Kohn Pedersen Fox 

Associates (“KPF”), a reputable architecture firm. Pursuant 

to the master plan, BSD City is intended to comprise up to 

approximately 80 residential estates, seven commercial 

sub-town centres and three dedicated central business 

districts.

We are developing BSD city in 3 phases. Phase 1 was 

completed in 2008 while Phase 2 is currently in progress 

and expected to be completed in 2020. For Phase 3, we 

targeted to commence development in 2020 and complete 

by 2035. As at 31 December 2017, BSD City had launched 

a total of 94 residential estates, comprising more than 

19,000 residential properties, four commercial sub-town 

centres which include commercial and industrial facilities, 

schools, hospitals, parks and utilities, with a total population 

size exceeding 160,000.

In addition to sales of property, BSDE provides services, 

such as water treatment and estate management services, 

and operates several investment properties in BSD City, 

including ITC BSD, Ocean Park Water Theme Park and 

Green Office Park, which is a low-density office park that is 

planned to comprise ten low density office buildings and a 

shopping mall over an area totaling 25 hectares. 

This report covers the period from 1 January to 31 

December 2017 (FY 2017). Going forward, we will be 

publishing this report on an annual basis. 

Our sustainability report contains detailed information 

on our material issues, as well as the impact of our 

operations on society and the environment. To ensure that 

we established proper reporting processes before starting 

to report on the entire Group, this report focuses on our 

flagship BSD City project located in Tangerang regency, 

Banten province, about 25 kilometres southwest of Jakarta. 

BSD City is the major contributor to the Group in terms of 

asset size, profitability and staff strength.



BSD City

1

1


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

10

reporting framework to ensure accuracy, reliability, clarity, 

and comparability of the information presented in this 

report.

We are not going to seek external assurance for this report, 

but intend to do so at some point in the future. For now, 

our main focus is on embedding sustainability into the 

organisation, and seeking verification of our management 

systems.

We recommend reading this report together with our 

Annual Report 2017, which provides key information on our 

financial performance as well as additional details on our 

corporate governance and risk management. Both reports 

are critical communication pieces in the ongoing and 

transparent engagement of our stakeholders.

This report uses standard units of measurement. Conversion 

factors, where required and applicable, are explained in 

their respective sections.

For any questions regarding this report, please contact 

Muhammad Reza Abdulmajid, Chief Risk Officer, Sinarmas 

Land at sustainability@sinarmasland.com.

BSD City is well-connected to Jakarta's business districts and 

major facilities through two toll roads. In addition, there are 

three train stations in BSD City that provide commuters direct 

train access to Jakarta through a double track railway service.

As at 31 December 2017, the Group had approximately 

2,414 hectares of land bank remaining in BSD City and 

estimates that the land bank is sufficient for the planned 

development till the completion of Phase 3 by 2035.

We will gradually add other Group entities over the next 

few years and aim to report on the entire Sinarmas Land 

operations by 2021.

We have been working with established sustainability 

consultants to implement the reporting principles, placing 

great emphasis on our materiality assessment, stakeholder 

inclusiveness, completeness (within the boundaries of 

BSD City), and balanced reporting. For details on our 

materiality assessment, please refer to the “Materiality” 

section on page 17.

Giving special consideration to our peers who are 

acknowledged leaders in sustainability, we chose the GRI 



ABOUT THIS REPORT

2

BSD City Township Development

2


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

11

ABOUT THIS REPORT

The Board is working with the Audit and Risk Management 

Committee (ARC) to provide oversight on significant 

environmental, social and governance issues that might have 

an impact on SML's long term business objectives. The ARC 

in turn reviews SML's sustainability programs and ensures the 

Board is always kept up to date on all relevant developments.

The Board has reviewed the process by which SML's 

Material Issues were determined and agrees that the issues 

thus determined and reported on in this report are an 

adequate representation of SML's material ESG issues.

BOARD STATEMENT

The Board of Sinarmas Land has the ultimate responsibility 

for the preparation of this Sustainability Report. This 

inaugural report has been prepared in accordance with the 

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards: Core Option. It 

also meets the requirements of the 2016 SGX Sustainability 

Reporting Guide in all material aspects, with the exception 

of Stakeholder Engagement. SML will be conducting a 

stakeholder engagement exercise in 2018 and report on 

the results in its next Sustainability Report.



3

BSD City CBD Night View

3


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

12

OUR 

APPROACH

Our flagship project BSD City, the chosen focus of this 

inaugural sustainability report, is the largest privately 

developed township and the most ambitious urban 

planning development in Indonesia. Spanning a land area 

of 5,950 hectares or approximately 57% the size of Paris, 

the development of BSD City's residential, business and 

commercial properties, as well as supporting amenities and 

infrastructure is expected to be carried out in three phases 

by 2035.

Apart from being a major contributor to our Group’s 

revenue, BSD City is also the perfect embodiment of our 

Sustainability Vision, which is based on these four pillars:

1. Best in Class Real Estate

 

Our top priority and greatest strength: By providing 

state-of-the-art facilities and services of the highest 

quality and standards, we are contributing to the 

prosperity for our present and future generations.

 

Some examples include:

  BSD City in its entirety represents best-in-class city 

planning

  Top quality offices, commercial (e.g. Indonesia 

Convention Exhibition) and retail (e.g. AEON 

Mall BSD City) spaces, and residential properties, 

built in accordance with leading engineering and 

environmental standards

  Our contribution to the development of quality 

physical and public transportation infrastructures 

  Schools and hospitals

  Neighbourhood markets

  The Breeze Mall BSD City ("Mall without Walls") 

was built with reference to the importance of 

environmental conservation and natural aspects 

such as lakes and green parks combined with the 

architecture of a lifestyle centre that is equipped 

with various facilities such as a comfortable 

pedestrian area, water features, bicycle tracks, 

and a thematic garden.

At Sinarmas Land, we 

consider both shareholder 

and stakeholder values to be 

inextricably linked. As we work 

to integrate sustainability into all 

aspects of our operations, we 

give the highest priority to the 

interests of all our stakeholders, 

thereby creating added value 

for our shareholders, customers 

and the environment.

IN THIS SECTION 

On the following pages, we will introduce Sinarmas Land's 

sustainability vision and explain our sustainability related 

governance structures and risk management procedures. In 

addition, we are also going to describe how we identified 

our material issues and how we are working to engage our 

stakeholders on them.

Our activities are guided by internationally recognised 

frameworks (such as the Global Reporting Initiative's 

reporting standards) and institutions (such as the United 

Nations Global Compact). We were an early adopter of 

the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and our 

plan for 2018 is to be the first major Indonesian real estate 

developer to become a participant of the UNGC through 

the Indonesia Global Compact Network (IGCN).

SINARMAS LAND'S SUSTAINABILITY VISION

BSDE is the largest property development company 

in Indonesia based on a market capitalization of IDR 

32.7 trillion (S$3.2 billion) as of 31 December 2017. 


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

13

OUR APPROACH

  continuous development of public transport 

and logistics facilities within its projects in 

order to minimise unnecessary emissions from 

transportation (people and goods)

  contribute through various means in the 

decarbonisation of Indonesia's economy (e.g. 

supporting energy saving efforts within our 

projects, lobbying, collaboration with industry 

peers)

 

These activities are aligned with SDG number:







 

These activities are aligned with Sustainable 

Development Goals (SDG) number:

 

 









 

2. Climate Action

 

Sinarmas Land recognises the need to mitigate climate 

change and is in a position to contribute positively 

to Indonesia's commitments under the Paris Climate 

Agreement. We are committed to:

  steadily grow the percentage of developments 

built in accordance with internationally recognised 

'green' standards (e.g. BCA Green Mark, LEED, 

Greenship, etc.)



The Breeze BSD City, 

"The mall with no walls"

1

1



QBig

2

2


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

14

4. Educational Patronage

 

Sinarmas Land considers education to be one of the most 

important prerequisites for the sustainable development 

of society. We are committed in ensuring that everyone 

within the communities of our operations, independent 

of their gender or age, and at their own discretion, 

has equal access to our education ecosystem. Some 

examples of our activities in this area are:

  Construction of a 40-hectare educational facility 

named EduTown in BSD City, inviting renowned 

international and domestic educational institutions 

to establish a presence

  Provide scholarships for computer programming 

students to support the development of our Digital 

Hub project and ensuring that students are well-

prepared for the growing demand of modern job 

markets

  Non-formal education, economic and cultural 

knowledge programs for local communities near 

SML projects

 

These activities are aligned with SDG number:

 







OUR APPROACH

3. Sustainable Communities

 

Looking beyond BSD City, SML continues to contribute 

to the growing prosperity of Indonesia's society in a 

number of ways as part of its commitment towards the 

Indonesian people. Some examples include:

  Creation of jobs and business opportunities 

  BSD “Knowledge House” aims to increase the 

knowledge and skills of different communities 

within BSD City, e.g. Small Medium Enterprise 

owners, the Movement for Indonesian Deaf 

Welfare community, or the Bamboo Hat 

Community

  Upgrading of schools and homes in Tangerang 

Regency

  Healthy and Clean Lifestyle Campaign

  Capacity building activities for Small and Medium 

Enterprises (SMEs) at SML's modern markets

  Collaboration with Indonesian Ministry of Trade 

(e.g. Modern Market BSD)

 

 

These activities are aligned with SDG number:

 









Green Office Park Master 

Development Plan 

3

3


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

15

Sustainability Governance Structure

OUR APPROACH

of sustainability governance across our operating 

environments.

With a better understanding on sustainability issues and 

how they could potentially influence our business gradually 

over time, we have implemented sustainability initiatives 

into the Group's overall governance and operations, 

directed by strong leadership involvement:  

GOVERNANCE &amp; RISK MANAGEMENT

Our sustainable development strategy is based on the 

definition of the Brundtland Commission and built to comply 

with both SGX Sustainability Reporting guidelines and GRI 

Standards.

The implementation of this strategy is built around Sinarmas 

Land's strong corporate culture and our core values:

  Positive Attitude

  Integrity

  Commitment

  Continuous Improvement

  Innovation

  Loyalty

We have always taken a long-term view in creating 

value for our stakeholders. Driven by our strong company 

values, we aim to better integrate economic, environmental 

and social performance through the development 

SUSTAINABLE 

DEVELOPMENT is the kind of 

development that meets the needs of the 

present without compromising the ability 

of future generations to meet their own 

needs.

Roles &amp; Responsibilities of 

Board and Committees:

Provide oversight on 

significant environmental, 

social and governance issues 

that might impact SML 's long 

term business objective

1

Review SML sustainability 

program and reports 

and ensure full company 

support towards sustainable 

development

2

Review and recommend the 

board statement required 

to be included in the annual 

sustainability report prior to 

its issuance

3

SECRETARIAT: 

ENTERPRISE RISK 

MANAGEMENT (ERM)

EMPLOYMENT

ECONOMIC

ENVIRONMENTAL 

AND SOCIAL

BOARD

AUDIT &amp; RISK 

MANAGEMENT 

COMMITTEE (ARC)

EXECUTIVE RISK 

MANAGEMENT 

COMMITTEE (ERMC)


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

16

Our sustainability structure consists of senior management, 

middle management and employees from various functions. 

Our Executive Risk Management Committee (ERMC) 

comprises of 15 senior leaders of different strategic business 

units (SBU) and support functions. Each Person-in-Charge 

(PIC) is supported by various process owners for the selected 

sustainability topics and programs.

By integrating sustainability initiatives tightly into our existing 

risk management, we can ensure that the Board is always 

kept abreast of our material sustainability issues, and the 

Group's performance on the follow-up actions taken to 

address and mitigate them. As part of our preparations for 

this report, we have mapped most material issues to our 

Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework, with the 

exception of some environmental topics, such as risks related 

to waste management or materials used. These omitted topics 

will be mapped out progressively in the later years as we 

continue to integrate other sustainability initiatives into our 

operations.

We place strong emphasis on complying with all national 

and regional level regulatory frameworks. These include 

regulations on land acquisition, operational permits, design 

and construction, finance and accounting, labour laws, 

customer protection, and environmental frameworks. We 

adopt a zero tolerance approach towards corruption 

throughout Sinarmas Land's operations. In FY2017, one 

incident of corruption involving an employee was brought to 

the management's attention. Although the amount involved 

in this case was not material, our management took the 

initiative to lodge the case with the Indonesian court after our 

investigation and dismissed the employee. No public legal 

cases regarding corruption were brought against the Group, 

or its subsidiaries, and there were no confirmed incidents 

where contracts with business partners had to be terminated 

due to violations related to corruption.

We aim to apply the same precautionary principles into all 

our future developments. When we identify shortcomings 

in current regulations, such as in waste management, we 

seek to proactively engage the relevant authorities to 

collaboratively develop solutions and frameworks that will 

ensure the well-being of our surrounding communities.

Our employees have received clear guidance on the 

standards of ethical behaviour required of them through 

our Code of Conduct policy, supplemented by our whistle-

blowing policy that serves as an effective oversight measure 

for the prevention of fraud, corruption and other types of 

misconduct. We also have policies in place that cover 

procurement activities and fair employment practices. At 

present, we are working to strengthen our governance 

framework to explicitly address environment, health and 

safety issues. In addition, we are planning to build on our 

policy for procurement activities with the goal to eventually 

develop it into a mandatory Supplier Code of Conduct.

All newly hired staff is required to attend mandatory 

orientation training courses. During these training courses, 

new staffs are taught Sinarmas Land's core values and the 

policies listed above. We have yet to provide dedicated 

training on anti-corruption policies and procedures, but are 

currently evaluating the most effective way to introduce such 

training as a mandatory and annual exercise for all staff.

Responsible marketing is another important aspect of our 

work to ensure compliance with all relevant regulations. 

We have worked hard over the last 46 years to build 

a reputation as a reliable partner to a multitude of 

stakeholders, including the government, customers and the 

communities we operate in. A critical part of preserving 

our standing with these stakeholders is ensuring that our 

developments are marketed appropriately and accurately. 

We are pleased to report that during 2017, there were 

zero incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing 

communications and product information. Of equal 

importance is our compliance with all relevant laws and 

regulations in the social and economic areas. During the 

reporting period, no significant fines or nonmonetary 

sanctions were imposed on Sinarmas Land.

Going forward, we will be working to achieve the 

following goals and shall report our progress in subsequent 

sustainability reports: 

  Aim for full integration of sustainability governance, 

including the Board’s involvement

  Maintain zero incidents of non-compliance with any 

relevant environmental and social regulatory frameworks

  Gradual expansion of the scope of our sustainability 

reporting to include all other Sinarmas Land projects

  Expanding current procurement activities policy to 

include Supplier Code of Conduct

  Full integration of sustainability metrics into our ERM 

system 

OUR APPROACH


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

17

Materiality Assessment Matrix 

  Materials

  Energy

  Water

  Emissions

  Effluents and Waste

  Employment

  Labour Management Relations

  Occupational Health &amp; Safety

  Training and Education

  Local Communities

A list of our material issues along with an assessment 

of the significance of their economic, environmental 

and social impacts and their influence on stakeholders' 

decisions can be found in the following chart: 

MATERIALITY

Sinarmas Land has conducted a full Materiality Assessment 

internally in 2017 which was subsequently reviewed by 

external sustainability consultants. This ensures that the process 

used to identify our material issues follows best practices, 

and the issues identified through this assessment meet the 

expectations of our external stakeholders. Thereafter, the list 

of identified material issues was signed off by our Board, and 

that forms the core of this sustainability report. 

The review of our materiality was informed by peers, the 

GRI Standards as well as international best practices.

We identified the following categories of material issues 

which are addressed in this sustainability report:

  Economic Performance

  Market Presence

OUR APPROACH

Influence on stakeholder assessment &amp; decisions

Economic Topics

Environmental Topics

Social Topics

Significance of economic, environmental, &amp; social impacts 

Ratio of 

basic 

salary and 

remuneration

Diversity

New employee hires &amp; turnovers

Health and safety

Parental leaves

Employees development program

Operations with significant actual or potential negative impact

Assessment of health and safety impacts of product &amp; services

Employees training 

Water recycled

Benefit for full 

time employees

Defined benefit &amp; 

retirement plan

Ratio of standard entry level wage

Local community engagement

ODS emissions

GHG emissions

Water sources affected

Materials

Energy

Water consumption

Anti-corruption

Employees performance &amp; career development review

Minimum notice period

Water bodies affected

Compliance with marketing communication laws

Compliance with product information laws

Compliance with social &amp; 

economic laws

Compliance with health and safety laws

Infrastructure investments &amp; services

Significant indirect economic impact

Compliance with environment laws

Water discharge

Waste

Direct Economic Value


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

18

engagement with local communities on education and 

healthcare, and working closely with various government 

entities on joint public infrastructure projects (e.g. toll 

roads or public transport).

Examples of current stakeholder engagement exercises 

relating to sustainability topics are: 

  Annual Tenant Satisfaction Survey for our office 

buildings

  Annual employee satisfaction survey

  Visitor satisfaction survey for Waterparks

  Marketing surveys for tenants, potential tenants, and 

customers of ITC and malls

  Annual corporate brand awareness survey  

undertaken by AC Nielsen

  Annual customer satisfaction survey, performed by 

SQCI, to assess their perception of Sinarmas Land and 

opinion of our competitors’ residential and commercial 

projects

  Local community and government sponsored CSR 

programs

Key topics raised by our internal and external 

stakeholders during the reporting period include:

OUR APPROACH

Type of Stakeholder

 CONCERN

EXTERNAL (VIA CUSTOMER SURVEY)

INTERNAL (VIA EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT SURVEY)

Positive

  Value as real estate investment

  Strategic location and friendly neighbourhood

  Excellent customer service

  Trust in company goals

  Clarity on Company Values

  Pride to work for the company  

Neutral

  Need for maintaining cleanliness and safety at 

construction sites

  Need for more public facilities such as hospitals 

and places for worship 

  New toll road access near the main BSD City 

district

  Opportunity to apply knowledge and skills on the job

  Divisional and departmental supervisors are open to 

feedback from team

  Attractive work opportunities

Negative

  Slow response by the Customer Service (CS) 

division in addressing complaints

  Need to add shuttle bus within BSD City

  Maintenance of BSD City main roads

  Business process does not fully encourage collaboration

  Insufficient internal communications on key activities

  Speed of management response to address performance 

issues

We are planning to conduct a dedicated stakeholder 

engagement exercise on our material issues in 2018. For 

this 2017 report, we have mapped out the various GRI 

disclosures that resulted from the identified material issues 

which caused an impact towards our main stakeholders 

(please see table on page 19 for details). This map will 

form the basis of our stakeholder engagement exercise and 

the results will be published in our next sustainability report.

In the meantime, we strongly encourage all readers of 

this report to send us their feedback on the results of our 

materiality assessment or any other concerns you may have 

with regard to Sinarmas Land's sustainability efforts.

Please contact Muhammad Reza Abdulmajid, Chief Risk 

Officer, at sustainability@sinarmasland.com. We look 

forward to hearing from you.

The process for defining and reviewing our material issues 

is largely based on GRI's Principles for Defining Report 

Content and follows their four-step approach, which 

involves identification, prioritisation, validation and review. 

To conclude the implementation of the last of these four 

steps, we will be conducting a review of our material issues 

for the publication of next year's sustainability report.

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Sinarmas Land constantly engages a broad range of 

stakeholders including customers, national and local 

governments, local communities, non-governmental 

organisations (NGOs), interest groups and industry 

associations, shareholders, investors, and analysts. 

Our management carefully considers the occasionally 

diverging interests of these diverse groups and integrates 

them into our business strategy.

Throughout the reporting period, we have engaged 

external stakeholders through our regular channels, such 

as annual surveys, shareholder meetings and quarterly 

financial analyst calls. In addition, we interact with the 

communities through customer satisfaction surveys, 


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

19

GRI DISCLOSURE

Direct Economic Value



Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans







Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared 

to local minimum wage 







Infrastructure investments and services supported









Significant indirect economic impacts









Operations assessed for risks related to corruption







Communication and training about anti-corruption policies 

and procedures







Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken







Materials used by weight or volume





Recycled input material used





Energy consumption within the organization











Energy intensity











Reduction of energy consumption











Water withdrawal by source







Water sources significantly affected by withdrawal of water 







Water recycled and reused





Direct GHG emissions









Indirect GHG emissions









GHG emissions intensity









Reduction of GHG emissions









Emissions of ODS









Water discharge by quality and destination









Waste by type and disposal method









Water bodies affected by water discharges and/or runoff









Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations







New employee hires and turnover







Benefit provided to full-time employees







Parental leave







Minimum notice period







Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational disease, 

lost days, absenteeism, and number of work-related 

fatalities









Average hours of training per year





Employee development programs





Percentage of employees receiving regular performance 

and career development reviews





Diversity of governance bodies and employees



Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men





Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessment and development program





Operations with significant actual and potential negative 

impacts on local communities







Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product 

and service categories







Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and 

safety impacts of products and services







Requirements for product and service information and 

labeling





Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and 

service information and labeling





Incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing 

communications





Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social 

and economic area





OUR APPROACH

CUSTOMER

EMPLOYEES

INVESTOR/

SHAREHOLDERS

LOCAL 

COMMUNITIES

NGOs

REGULATORS

TENANTS


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

20

IN THIS SECTION

This section of the report looks at the various ways in which 

our operations impact the environment and lays out our 

commitment to minimise them. Covered in this section are:

  Our efforts to improve energy efficiency and reduce 

the greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions associated 

with our developments and supporting Indonesian 

government's commitment to the Paris Agreement;

  List of main materials used at our construction sites;

  Our water usage along with data on our effluents and 

discharges generated;

  Statistics on hazardous waste created and how we are 

handling it.

We do not have perfect visibility for some of the metrics 

required to properly monitor our performance across all the 

major aspects of environmental impacts. However, we are 

actively working to improve this and will be reporting our 

progress in the next annual sustainability report.

At Sinarmas Land, we understand the significant impact 

of climate change and strive to protect the surrounding 

environment through policies and existing programs. 

We are a founding corporate member of the non-profit 

organisation "Green Building Council Indonesia" since 

its establishment in 2009. Our key role in the council is to 

ensure that property development activities are sustainable 

and environment friendly.

ENVIRONMENT

Using nature as an inspiration, 

we have created Indonesia's 

first green business district 

in BSD City, incorporating 

ten low-rise interconnected 

buildings. The core of our design 

is to encourage social harmony 

and community engagement, 

providing the right balance 

between technology, nature, 

people, and workplace. As 

Indonesia's leading integrated 

and responsible real estate 

developer, we understand that 

our stakeholders depend on our 

environmental initiatives and the 

ability to be good stewards of 

the environment they live in.



Green-Building Council Indonesia

1


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

21

To realise our commitment in implementing developments 

with an environmental cause, BSD Green Office Park, 

Indonesia's first green office park, was developed in BSD 

City over an area of 25 hectares featuring ten five-storey 

buildings and a park-like ambience for its tenants. BSD 

Green Office Park has complied with international green 

standards for incorporating advanced green architectures 

to conserve energy, water and natural resources. All its 

buildings maximise sunlight penetration while reducing 

solar heat, thus boosting energy efficiencies, and optimising 

air circulation. For its eco-friendly practices, BSD Green 

Office Park has received the Green Mark Gold Award from 

Singapore’s BCA.

The Breeze BSD City, a lifestyle retail mall, offers a 

comprehensive array of stores, generous garden-like 

walkways and alfresco dining options to complement 

the surrounding BSD Green Office Park, schools and 

residences. Named as "The mall with no walls", The Breeze 

BSD City reduces air-conditioning and lighting energy 

consumption through the use of natural lighting and 

outdoor common walkways.

In total, the Group currently has 7 buildings within its 

development with Green Building Certification, three of 

which are located in Green Office Park. Going forward, 

we are looking to increase the quantity of green buildings 

in our developments. 

We have also embarked on a sustainability program with 

specific responsibilities assigned to staff across all parts of 

the organisation. Through this program, we will be able to 

better calculate and eventually increase the percentage of 

recycled input materials, reduce the energy required in the 

construction and operation of our developments; lower our 

water consumption and carbon emissions, leading to better 

waste management. We will be disclosing our targets for 

this program in FY 2018’s sustainability report and start 

tracking our performance against these targets from FY 

2019 onwards.

All figures in this section related solely to the three Green 

Buildings that form part of the Green Office Park within 

our flagship development BSD City. The three buildings 

are, Sinar Mas Land Plaza – BSD City, MyRepublic Plaza 

and GOP 9. We will be adding components from the other 

developments within the Group into our monitoring and 

reporting processes over the next few years.

ENVIRONMENT



2

The Breeze

2


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

22

ENVIRONMENT

 MATERIALS USED (IN TONNES)

2017

Steel

17,000

Concrete

22,235

Total

39,235



3

MATERIALS

As one of Indonesia's leading real estate developers, we 

recognised that all of our developments, which include 

buildings, supporting amenities and infrastructures have 

significant impact on the environment. In our developments, 

steel and concrete are two of the most consumed materials 

we use. 

Incidentally, these two materials are also among the largest 

contributors to our environmental footprint as they are non-

renewable. Hence, we have chosen steel and concrete as 

the starting point of the reporting on our consumption of 

raw materials.



4



5

Sinar Mas Land Plaza - BSD City

3

MyRepublic Building

4

GOP 9 - BSD City

5

Please note that the above table represents total amounts 

of materials used. At present, we do not have data on our 

usage of recycled materials (other than about 3% of fly ash 

being used in the production of concrete). As we gradually 

build our internal monitoring capacity, other consumable 

materials and their respective consumed quantities will be 

included in our internal watch-list and be subsequently 

reported, promoting transparency as well as placing greater 

emphasis on our usage of renewable and recycled materials.


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

23

ENVIRONMENT

ENERGY

Our developments consume significant amounts of 

energy. In the region where BSD City is located, energy 

is predominately generated from the burning of fossil 

fuels that contribute significantly to our greenhouse gas 

emissions. Adhering to internationally recognised green 

building standards, such as the Singapore BCA Green 

Mark standard, we are able to direct our effort towards 

achieving greater energy efficiency and reducing energy 

usage throughout a project lifecycle. 

We are pleased to report that our commitment towards the 

development of green buildings is starting to show results. 

While total energy consumption has increased over the 

years as BSD City is constantly being developed, there was 

a significant reduction in our energy intensity between 2015 

and 2016. With the installation of new energy efficient air 

conditioning systems in 2016, we recorded an improvement 

in our energy intensity per GFA occupied from 149.5 to 

110.3 kWh/m2. In 2017, GOP 9 commenced its operations 

resulting in an increase of our total  GFA by 51% which led 

to energy intensity per GFA decreasing by 10%. However, 

with GOP 9 being a new building having a relatively 

lower occupancy rate as compared to the other matured 

buildings, the portfolio’s occupancy rate decreased from 

94% in 2016 to 82% in 2017. As such, this resulted in our 

energy intensity per GFA occupied to increase slightly by 

3% between 2016 and 2017.

Apart from the development of more internationally 

recognised green standards buildings, the Group has 

undertaken other initiatives to reduce consumption of 

energy across our developments such as implementation of 

control timing function for our air-conditioning systems and 

the usage of energy-efficient LED lightbulbs.

2017

93.3

Energy Intensity, per GFA (kWh/m2)

96.8

2015

103.4

2016

% change 

from 2016 

-10%

2017

113.9

Energy Intensity, per GFA occupied (kWh/m2)

149.5

2015

110.3

2016

% change 

from 2016 

3%

Energy Consumption

2017

7,355,903

Total Energy Consumption (kWh)

5,045,797

2015

5,389,651

2016

% change 

from 2016 

36%

Energy Use

Total Energy Consumption (kWh)

Energy Intensity, per GFA (kWh/m2)

Energy Intensity, per GFA occupied (kWh/m2)

kWh

kWh/m2

2015

2016

2017

6,000,000

4,000,000

0

2,000,000

149.5

110.3

113.9

96.8

103.4

93.3

150.0

0

8,000,000

112.5

75.0

37.5

5,045,797

5,389,650

7,355,902


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

24

EMISSIONS

In line with our energy efficiency initiatives, we recorded 

a reduction of 10% in our GHG emissions intensity per 

square meter of GFA between 2015 and 2016. Based on 

the same reason as discussed previously about the lower 

occupancy rate in our brand new GOP 9 building our 

GHG emissions intensity per GFA occupied increased 

marginally by 3% between 2016 and 2017. 

ENVIRONMENT

Our emissions monitoring has yet to include indirect 

emissions from the manufacturing of concrete, the 

production of steel, and the transport of raw materials. 

We are working to include the abovementioned indirect 

emission figures in our future reports.The air-conditioning 

systems installed in all of our new buildings in BSD City 

use refrigerants that do not produce any Ozone Depleting 

Substances (ODS). Hence, we are pleased to report that 

none of our buildings produce any ODS.

Indirect Emission

Total GHG Emissions (tonnes of CO2e)

2017

5,304

3,645

2015

3,893

2016

% change 

from 2016 

36%

GHG Intensity, per GFA (tonnes of CO2e/m2)

2017

0.0673

0.0700

2015

0.0747

2016

% change 

from 2016 

-10%

GHG Intensity, per GFA occupied (tonnes of CO2e/m2)

2017

0.0821

0.1080

2015

0.0797

2016

% change 

from 2016 

3%

GHG Emissions

Total GHG Emissions (tonnes of CO2e)

GHG Intensity, per GFA (tonnes of CO2e/m2)

GHG Intensity, per GFA occupied (tonnes of CO2e/m2)

tonnes of CO2e

tonnes of CO2e/m2

2015

2016

2017

4,500

3,000

0

1,500

0.108

0.0797

0.0821

0.07

0.0747

0.0673

6,000

0.1100

0.000

0.0625

0.0550

0.0275

3,645

3,893

5,303


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

25

ENVIRONMENT

WATER

BSD City has a significant water footprint. Thus, there is 

a need for us to monitor our impact carefully in order to 

avoid and mitigate harmful effects from excessive water 

consumption, and the discharge of effluents into natural 

water systems.

The following charts provide details on the water 

consumption by three key office buildings in BSD City. We 

will be gradually expanding coverage for this disclosure in 

our future sustainability reports.

Meanwhile, our consumption of surface water is subjected 

to strict environmental impact assessments, and it has been 

found there are no adverse effects on our stakeholders or 

local and downstream biodiversity.

Water Consumption

Water Intensity, per GFA (m3/m2)

2017

1.11

1.41

2015

1.46

2016

% change 

from 2016 

-24%

Water Intensity, per GFA occupied (m3/m2)

2017

1.35

2.18

2015

1.56

2016

% change 

from 2016 

-13%

Water Consumption

m3

m3/m2

2015

2016

2017

75,000

50,000

0

25,000

100,000

3.0

1

2.5

2.0

1.5

Municipal water supplies (m3)

Water Intensity, per GFA (m3/m2)

Water Intensity, per GFA occupied (m3/m2)

1.41

2.18

73,586

1.46

1.56

76,005

1.11

1.35

87,391

As the number of green buildings in BSD City grows, it is inevitable that we recorded an increase in our year-on-year water 

consumption from 2015 to 2017. We are addressing this trend by engaging in a number of on-site water efficiency initiatives, 

including the capture and storage of rainwater and water recycling. We are looking forward to presenting in future reports 

how these measures are helping to reduce our environmental impact.


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

26

ENVIRONMENT

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE

Most of BSD City's water discharge is channelled into our 

Water Treatment Plant (WTP) where it is being treated and 

redistributed back to our customers. A very small portion of 

our effluents are discharged into the surrounding Cisadene 

River, which was found to not be significantly affected by 

the discharge.  As all these three buildings are located 

within the same area, we are not required to maintain 

individual records for each building's water discharge.

WATER DISCHARGE BY DESTINATION

2017

Delivered to third parties for reuse (m3)

12,169,970

Discharged into surface water bodies - rivers, 

lakes, reservoirs (m3)

78,044

Total water discharged (m3)

12,248,014

Water Discharge

Water Discharge by Destination

(mg/l)

2015

2016

2017

BOD of discharge (mg/l)

BOD of effluents (mg/l)

No. of times local regulation limits for COD/BOD 

exceeded during the year

9

0

6

15

12

3

Water Discharge by Quality

0

7,000,000

3,500,000

10,500,000

14,000,000

in m3

2017

12,169,970

78,044

Delivered to third parties for reuse (m3)

Discharged into surface water bodies - 

rivers, lakes, reservoirs (m3)

14.0

11.0

9.5

13.0

10.9

13.0

0

0

0

We are pleased to report that from 2015 to 2017, the biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) of BSD City's discharge and 

effluents were below the limit stipulated by the Indonesian government. Therefore, there were no incidences of exceeded 

BOD thresholds from 2015 to 2017.


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

27

ENVIRONMENT

We practiced waste segregation in our developments and 

pay special attention in ensuring that no hazardous waste 

was sent to the landfill. Despite our practice, we have yet to 

find a perfect solution for the disposal of hazardous wastes, 

such as used oil for construction machinery. 

Apart from increasing the types and amounts of material 

that can be reused and recycled across our operations, 

we are using our ongoing communications with local 

government authorities to suggest improvements to the 

available infrastructure for the processing of non-hazardous 

waste, which is currently collected, managed, and sent to 

landfill. 

Currently, we are storing 9 tonnes of hazardous waste 

materials in a safe on-site facility, while we finalise an 

engagement with a certified third-party to collect and treat 

these hazardous materials.

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

Given the scale of Sinarmas Land's BSD City development, 

we are subjected to one of the most stringent environmental 

regulatory frameworks in Indonesia.

As part of our environmental compliance, based on 

Government Regulation No. 27 in 2012 on Environment 

Control Permits, we are required to submit an extensive 

Environment Management and Monitoring Effort (UKL/

UPL) report every six months. Within the report, it 

clearly spells out the specific limits for every aspect of 

environmental impacts (e.g. water, waste, etc.) and we are 

required to ensure that our operations do not breach them. 

The report is submitted directly to the regional government 

and subject to government approval.

For its ongoing operational permit, SML is also required 

to comply with several health, safety and environment 

(HSE) regulations such as liquid waste management, fire 

safety certification, and equipment licenses. The relevant 

authorities will perform audits on our operational feasibility 

and issue permit certificates only upon compliance with 

these requirements.

We are pleased to report that there were no incidents of 

environmental non-compliance during the reporting period.

GREEN BUILDING

NON-HAZARDOUS 

WASTE (TONNES)

Sinar Mas Land Plaza – BSD City

344.9

MyRepublic Plaza

271.9

GOP 9

264.3



6

BSD Green Office Park

6


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

28

Our Workforce

PEOPLE

Our commitment is demonstrated through our human 

resource ("HR") policies and initiatives which are driven 

by our Human Capital team. The team explores and drives 

initiatives which are geared towards building a conducive 

and inclusive workplace for our employees' development, 

well-being and satisfaction.

The success of our business is 

determined by our employees. 

They are the driving force that 

delivers value to our customers 

and tenants. We strongly believe 

in hiring the best, invest in them; 

committed to continuously 

engage and retain them.

100% of our employees work full-time. Of these, 23% of our employees are hired on a fixed term/temporary basis, 

with the gender breakdown between permanent and fixed term/temporary employees illustrated in the charts below. 

Fixed term contracts typically have a term of one year. 

Male

Female

30%

70%

Total Number 

of Employees 

by Gender

Number of Fixed 

Term/Temporary 

Employees by 

Gender

29%

71%

Male

Female

Number of 

Permanent 

Employees by 

Gender

31%

69%

Male

Female

IN THIS SECTION

We will be looking at our overall employment statistics 

for the Group's Indonesian operations (excluding any 

Joint Ventures), our outstanding performance as an equal 

opportunity employer, benefits and welfare programs; 

our investment in training and development as well as 

employee engagement.

EMPLOYMENT

Our Employees

As at 31 December 2017, SML employed a total of 

3,870 employees, of which 2,695 are male (70%) and 

1,175 are female (30%). The relatively high ratio of male 

to female employees is mainly due to the nature of our 

business (development and construction of real estate) 

and the supply of manpower available to us. Being an 

equal opportunity employer, we are witnessing a better 

balanced gender composition of our workforce in middle 

management and above. 

2,695

1,175

630

259

2,065

916


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

29

Governance Bodies

Breakdown of Employees

BSD City

Jabodetabek excluding BSD

Other

Permanent

Temporary

1,500

0

1,000

2,500

2,000

500

Total Number of Employees by Employment Contract by Region

1,636

386

1,058

377

287

126

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

Our commitment to fair labour practices is emphasised 

in our employee handbook and employment practices. 

We have an equal opportunities policy on employment, 

banning any form of discrimination based on race, national 

Individuals in 

Governance 

Bodies by 

Gender

24%

76%

Male

Female

Individuals in 

Governance 

Bodies by Age 

Group

48%

52%

&gt;50 years

&lt; 30 years

30-50 years

PEOPLE

Benefits that are exclusively provided to full-time employees of 

Sinarmas Land include:

  Participation in our House Ownership Program

  Severance Payments

  Vehicle Cash Substitution Facility

A total number of 2,022 employees are based in BSD City, 

1,435 in Greater Jakarta or Jabodetabek, and 413 employees 

are based in our other operations across Indonesia. The 

breakdown of employees by employment contract for the 

three regional groups is shown in the chart below.

origin, religion, disability, gender, sexual orientation, 

union membership and political affiliation. We believe that 

our employees should be treated equally, fairly and with 

respect. 

In 2017, our governance bodies consisted of 24% female and 76% male employees. None of the members of our 

governance bodies are below the age of 30 years. 48% of them are between the ages of 30-50, while the remaining 52% 

are above 50 years of age.

5

16

11

10


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

30



1

Kartini's Day Celebration

1

PEOPLE

We have 24% female employees in Top Management, 35% females in each of the Senior Managers (Divisional Heads) and 

Managers (Department and Section Heads) level, with 40% and 12% female employees in the staff and non-staff categories 

respectively.

88%

60%

65%

65%

76%

12%

40%

35%

35%

24%

Non-Staff

Staff

Managers 

(Dept Head and Section Head)

Senior Managers (Div Head)

Top Management 

(GDH Above)

20%

40%

60%

80%

100%

0%

Male

Female

Percentage of Employees per Employment Category, by Gender

As SML values the diversity of its workforce, we continue to practice the employment of mature workers. During the reporting 

period, 52% of our employees in Top Management are above the age of 50, while 43% and 21% of our Senior Managers 

and Managers respectively are older than 50. 

Non-Staff

Staff

Managers 

(Dept Head and Section Head)

Senior Managers (Div Head)

Top Management 

(GDH Above)

20%

40%

60%

80%

100%

0%

&lt; 30 years

30-50 years

Percentage of Employees per Employment Category, by Age Group

&gt;50 years

15%

77%

8%

27%

64%

9%

5%

74%

21%

57%

43%

48%

52%


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

31

PEOPLE

As an equal opportunity employer, we compensate and remunerate our employees based on merit. The ratio of basic salary 

and remuneration of women to men can be found in the charts below.

Ratio of the Basic Salary of Women to Men, by Employee Category and Location of Operation

0.2

0

0.4

0.8

0.6

1.0

1.2

Top Management 

(GDH Above)

Senior Managers 

(Div Head)

Managers 

(Dept Head and 

Section Head)

Staff

Non-Staff

BSD City

Jabodetabek 

excluding BSD

Other

Note: Top Management and 

Senior Managers are 

based in BSD City 

only

1.10

0.80

0.99

0.96

0.95

1.10

0.98

1.04

0.91

0.99

1.05

Ratio of the Remuneration of Women to Men, by Employee Category and Location of Operation

0.2

0

0.4

0.8

0.6

1.0

1.2

Top Management 

(GDH Above)

Senior Managers 

(Div Head)

Managers 

(Dept Head and 

Section Head)

Staff

Non-Staff

1.10

1.20

1.02

0.80

1.02

1.00

1.01

0.97

0.80

0.92

0.89

BSD City

Jabodetabek 

excluding BSD

Other

Note: Top Management and 

Senior Managers are 

based in BSD City 

only



2

Employee of the Month Recognition

2


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

32

PEOPLE

New Hires and Employee Retention

We recognise that welfare and career development 

contribute significantly to the satisfaction and reputation 

of a workplace. Through our proactive engagement 

with employees, we are seeing no significant levels of 

dissatisfaction. These are backed by our new hire and 

turnover data illustrate below. During the year, we hired 

541 new employees, contributing to a new hire rate of 

17%. Believing that a diversified team with different age 

groups, backgrounds, and skillsets will bring enriching 

perspectives to the workplace; we hire people from 

different age groups, including the re-employment of 

employees above age 50.

New Hires by Age Group

No. of new hires

Rate of new hires 

(Denominator: total number 

of employees)

Rate of new hires 

(Denominator: no. of 

employees in age group)

Number of New Hires

Rate of New Hires

&lt; 30 years

30-50 years

&gt;50 years

300

200

0

100

43%

400

50%

0

38%

25%

13%

315

224

2

8%

0.5%

0.05%

6%

8%

New Hires by Gender

No. of new hires

Rate of new hires 

(Denominator: total number 

of employees)

Rate of new hires 

(Denominator: no. of 

employees in gender 

category)

Number of New Hires

Rate of New Hires

Male

Female

255

170

0

85

12%

340

20%

0

15%

10%

5%

323

218

19%

6%

8%

No. of new hires

Rate of new hires 

(Denominator: total number 

of employees)

Rate of new hires 

(Denominator: no. of 

employees in region)

New Hires by Region

Number of New Hires

Rate of New Hires

BSD City

Jabodetabek excluding BSD

Other

210

140

0

70

13%

280

22%

0

17%

11%

6%

263

189

89

13%

22%

2%

5%

7%


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

33

SML recorded a total turnover of 713 with an overall turnover rate of 18% in 2017. The number of turnover and turnover rate 

by age group, gender and region are portrayed in the charts below. 

Through these charts, our low turnover figures serve as a testament to our initiatives in improving employees' well-being and 

satisfaction.

PEOPLE

Total turnover

Overall turnover rate

Overall voluntary turnover rate, 

for benchmarking with national 

rates (e.g. MOM in Singapore)

Employee Turnover

Number of New Hires

Rate of New Hires

2017

500

0

250

10%

750

20%

0

15%

10%

5%

713

18%

Turnover by Gender

Number of Turnover

Rate of Turnover

Male

Female

450

300

0

150

600

20%

0

15%

10%

5%

4%

47

126

15%

Rate of voluntary &amp; 

non-voluntary turnover 

(Denominator: no. of 

employees in gender 

category)

Rate of total turnover 

(Denominator: total number 

of employees)

No. of non-voluntary 

turnover

No. of voluntary turnover

265

275

14%

20%

Turnover by Age Group

Rate of voluntary &amp; non-

voluntary turnover 

(Denominator: no. of 

employees in age group)

Rate of voluntary &amp; non-

voluntary turnover 

(Denominator: total number 

of employees)

Number of Turnover

Rate of Turnover

&lt; 30 years

30-50 years

&gt;50 years

375

250

0

125

500

30%

0

22.5%

15%

7.5%

No. of non-voluntary 

turnover

No. of voluntary turnover

170

29

5%

27%

11%

232

196

16%

25

20%

2%

61

Turnover Rate


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

34

PEOPLE

BENEFITS AND WELFARE

Other than competitive remuneration, we care for our 

employees through welfare and benefit schemes; including but 

not limited to insurance coverage, healthcare benefits, parental 

leave, and retirement provision to all our employees. Full-time 

employees also enjoy a house ownership program, vehicle 

cash substitution facility, and severance payments.

Family-friendly Employer

SML prioritises employees’ welfare. We support our 

employees by providing benefits and welfare for 

employees with family, including parental leave, medical 

benefits, subsidy for marriage and grievance, etc.

In 2017, 75 eligible female employees and 117 eligible 

male employees took their maternity and paternity benefits 

respectively. As at 31 December 2017, 63 of the 75 female 

employees have returned to work at the end of their 

maternity leave, while the remaining 12 employees are still 

away from their maternity leave. For our male employees, 

all 117 of them have returned to work after their entitled 

paternity leave. Therefore, we recorded a return to work 

rate of 100% for both our female and male employees.

Respecting Freedom of Association and Collective 

Bargaining Rights

SML respects all employees' rights to the freedom of 

association and members of trade unions. We are guided 

by the Indonesian government regulation (as ratified by the 

ILO) which allows trade unions to represent our employees 

for collective bargaining, providing our employees with 

an avenue to seek redress for disputes. A total number of 

320 employees (8%) from the Le Grandeur (LG) Hotel 

subsidiaries (PT Sinar Wisata Lestari &amp; PT Sinar Wisata 

Permai) are covered by collective bargaining agreements.

Above the minimum wage

We believe in providing decent work remuneration. As 

such, our employees are remunerated based on their 

experience, position, and competency. We strictly comply 

with the minimum wage set by the Government and ensure 

that all our employees are rightly compensated for their 

work; independent of their gender. The chart below shows 

the minimum wage used by SML for each gender and by 

our different location of operations.



3

Wall of Appreciation

3

Turnover by Region

Rate of voluntary &amp; 

non-voluntary turnover 

(Denominator: no. of 

employees in region)

Rate of total turnover 

(Denominator: total number 

of employees)

Number of Turnover

Rate of Turnover

BSD City

Jabodetabek excluding BSD

Other

300

200

0

100

400

30%

0

22.5%

15%

7.5%

No. of non-voluntary 

turnover

No. of voluntary turnover

190

164

9%

18%

7%

108

156

18%

45

23%

2%

50


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

35

500

Male

Female

0

1,500

2,500

2,000

3,000

3,500

BSD City

Jabodetabek excluding BSD

Other Indonesian 

Operations

Minimum Wage by Gender and Location

Thousands IDR

3,296

3,296

3,356

3,356

3,297

3,297

PEOPLE

Retirement Plans and other Defined Benefits

Sinarmas Land complies with all relevant government 

regulations in the following ways:

1. Severance pay for retired employees in 

accordance with UU Tenaga Kerja No.13/2003

 

In accordance with this Act, an employee is entitled to  

severance payment from the employer upon reaching 

her or his retirement age, based on their length of 

service to the company.

 

Although this is not explicitly mentioned as an 

employer's retirement plan, this severance payment 

can still be considered as a 'defined contribution plan'. 

If the employer has their own defined contribution 

program, the severance amount payable is equal 

to the difference between these regulations and 

the employer's defined contribution program. Only 

permanent employees are eligible for these severance 

payments.

 

For every fiscal period, an independent actuary will 

assess the provision of severance payments, whose 

findings are disclosed in our annual financial report.

2. Mandatory Defined Contribution Plan (Jaminan 

Hari Tua) 

 

A mandatory Defined Contribution Plan (Jaminan Hari 

Tua) by BPJS Ketenagakerjaan is provided for both 

permanent and non-permanent employees below the 

retirement age. Normally, 3.7% of an employee's base 

salary is paid by the employer and 2% is deducted 

from the employee's salary. At Sinarmas Land, we 

cover both the employer’s and employee’s contribution 

to the plan. As of 31 December 2017, all employees 

have been registered as BPJS Jaminan Hari Tua 

participants.

 

Mandatory Defined Benefit Plan (Jaminan Pensiun) 

by BPJS Ketenagakerjaan is also provided for both 

permanent and non-permanent employees below 

the retirement age. In this plan, 2% are paid by the 

employer and 1% is deducted from the employee's 

maximum salary limit which is detemined by the 

government on a regular basis. As of 31 December 

2017, all employees have been registered as BPJS 

Jaminan Pensiun participants.


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

36

PEOPLE DEVELOPMENT

Training and Development

People are our most important asset. It is therefore 

imperative for us to explore ways to better manage our 

people and maintain our talent pool. We have allocated 

an annual training budget and developed in-house 

programs to support the career growth and aspirations of 

our employees.

Programs such as our Supervisory Development, 

Managerial Development, and Advanced Management 

are available to employees who are interested in furthering 

their career. All employees are given ample opportunities 

to continuously advance their skills. For participants of the 

leadership and managerial programs mentioned above, 

topics offered in 2017 range from technical skills (such 

as Microsoft Office, Sales and Marketing or Building 

Maintenance) to non-technical (like Emotional Intelligence 

or Effective Problem Solving).

PEOPLE

We believe in equipping our employees with the skills 

they require in ensuring the future growth of our Group. 

Furthermore, developing skills and talents allows 

employees to grow, leading to better opportunities, thereby 

helping the communities where they live and work to 

flourish. We provide on-the-job training opportunities and 

will support qualified staff by paying for their membership 

fees in professional bodies, such as chartered engineers 

association.

All SML employees are required to undergo at least four 

hours of training as part of their annual skills enhancement 

that is related to their job function. As of 31 December 

2017, each employee has benefitted from an average of 

7.67 hours of training, with a breakdown of 6.43 hours 

for our male employees, and 10.52 hours for our female 

employees.

Total Number and Average Number of Training Hours per Employee, by Gender

Number of Training Hours

Average Number of Training Hours

Male

Female

15,000

10,000

0

5,000

20,000

12

0

9

6

3

Average no. of training 

hours (Denominator: no. 

of employees in gender 

category)

No. of training hours

17,340

6.43

12,359

10.52

5

Male

Female

0

10

20

15

25

Average no. of training 

hours per 

Top Management 

(GDH Above)

Average no. of training 

hours per 

Senior Manager 

(Div Head)

Average no. of training 

hours per Manager 

(Dept Head and Section 

Head)

Average Hours of Training per Employee, by Employee Category 

Average no. of training 

hours per Staff

3.00

14.49

18.49

8.15

11.80

10.37

22.03

9.50


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

37

Performance and Career Development Review

PEOPLE

Employee Engagement

Other than the daily interactions, our primary engagement 

with our employees is via Employee Events held several 

times throughout the year. Also, we invite all employees 

to rate their level of satisfaction in our annual Employee 

Satisfaction Survey.



4

Training and Development

4

25%

0

50%

100%

75%

Male

Female

Percentage of Employees who Received Regular Performance and Career Development Review 

25%

0

50%

100%

75%

Senior 

Management

Executives

Percentage of Employees who Received  Regular Performance and Career Development Review 

Non-executives

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

The other main pillar of our employee engagement is the 

semi-annual performance and career development review. 

This KPI-based formal review is an important milestone in 

our employees' career as their performances, strengths 

and areas of improvement are evaluated transparently 

and objectively, which will then form the basis for our 

employees' promotion.



5

Executive Program Training

5


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

38

OCCUPATIONAL 

HEALTH &amp; SAFETY

IN THIS SECTION

Our OHS initiatives include regular assessments in the 

form of annual property hazard risk assessments by 

our ERM team; internal audits and safety checks by our 

corporate Technical Advisor team to ensure compliance 

by our employees and contractors; and the annual OHS 

equipment certification for compliance with the fire safety 

standards of the Indonesian Fire Department.

As a property developer, 

occupational health and 

safety (OHS) is of paramount 

importance to our employees, 

contractors, and customers. 

We are committed to 

improve our health and 

safety practices; constantly 

working towards initiatives 

and engagement programs 

to minimise risk of accidents, 

injuries and illnesses to our 

employees and contractors.

OUR DISCPLINED APPROACH TO ENSURING 

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH &amp; SAFETY

Several layers have been implemented for important OHS 

related safety checks:

1. Increased frequency by the project safety team (i.e. 

daily, weekly)

2. Regular technical audits performed by our corporate 

Technical Advisor 

3. Annual assessment on risk and control related to OHS 

activities by ERM team

4. Internal Audit include a specific OHS-related audit as 

part of its annual audit

We have also developed and implemented OHS guidelines, 

as well as a policy for Crisis Management. We carry out 

fire drills and simulation periodically to ensure that these 

procedures are understood and implemented, ensuring 

a safety culture being instilled in our operations. We also 

conduct regular trainings and awareness programs on health 

and safety for our workforce and tenants.

We take OHS incidents very seriously. All incidents are 

reported to the Safety Department, which will be included 

in the Monthly Operation Report that is submitted to 

Division Heads and the Group Division Head (CEO). 

For some categories of incidences, such as breakdown 

of equipment, and near misses due to negligence, an 

investigation report with follow-up actions will also be 

submitted to the Division Heads.

Resulting from our continuous initiatives, we are pleased to 

report that there were no fatalities and occupational diseases 

in our Retail &amp; Hospitality and Asset Management divisions.

YEAR

FATALITIES

OCCUPATIONAL DISEASES

2017

  Zero

Zero


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

39

Also, we currently do not track our employees' health and safety data by gender, and aim to include the above information 

by gender in our next report.

We are pleased to report that the an average absentee rate of all our employees is 1.8%, with the breakdown by gender 

and region in the charts below.

Absentee Rate, by Gender

No. of absentee days 

Number of absentee days

Absentee Rate

Male

Female

9,000

6,000

0

3,000

12,000

2.4%

0

1.8%

1.2%

0.6%

Absentee Rate

10,433

1.6%

6,232

2.1%

Absentee Rate, by Region

No. of absentee days 

Number of absentee days

Absentee Rate

BSD City

Jabodetabek excluding BSD

7,500

5,000

0

2,500

10,000

2%

0

1.5%

1%

0.5%

Absentee Rate

8,095

1.6%

5,827

1.9%

Other

2,743

1.9%

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH &amp; SAFETY

There were ten work-related accidents in FY2017. Three were sustained by our employees and seven by our contractors. 

These were minor and moderate injuries which required only first-aid level medical treatment. The three injuries that involved 

our employees led to 13 lost days. Currently, we only track lost days and total man hours worked for our own employees and 

aim to include data on our contractors in the future.

2017

Accident Frequency Rate (AFR)

No. of workplace accidents per million manhours worked

0.42

Accident Severity Rate (ASR)

No. of man days lost per million manhours worked

1.84

Occupational Disease Rate (ODR)

No. of occupational disease per million manhours worked

Zero


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

40

We have implemented various initiatives to promote a 

healthy lifestyle for the well-being of our employees

  Discounted gym memberships for permanent 

employees

  Employees' Running Club

  After work sports activities (basketball, futsal, 

badminton, volleyball, etc.)

  Blood donation events

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH &amp; SAFETY



1

Occupational Health 

and Safety

1

For health and safety, the following SML initiatives are 

noteworthy:

  Health and safety awareness through SML intranet 

and socialisation events

  Regular fire drills involving all employees and tenants

  Health and safety training for emergency response 

team

  Installing safety signage in all parts of SML property

Please note that this section does not include data on our 

construction activities. We will be including these in future 

reports.



2

Blood Donation Drive

2


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

41

PRODUCT QUALITY 

AND CUSTOMER WELL-BEING

Sinarmas Land is a pioneer of 

green buildings in Indonesia. 

As a leading provider of living 

and working spaces, the well-

being of building occupants 

is crucial to the business of 

SML. We endeavor to deliver 

quality buildings to ensure the 

satisfaction of our customers. 

This in return will shape SML's 

reputation as the trusted 

property developer in South 

East Asia.

BSD GREEN OFFICE PARK

Complying with international green standards, BSD Green 

Office Park was developed on an area of 25 hectares in 

BSD City. 

Green features of BSD Green Office Park include:

 Each building in BSD Green Office Park optimises 

passive design to reduce thermal heat such as 

overall thermal transfer value (OTTV) design below 45 

Watt/m2, and using Computational Fluid Dynamics 

(CFD) to analyze climate change in this district;

 80% of the buildings have a north-south 

orientation within 22.5 degrees of the east/west 

axis and are aerodynamically shaped to catch the 

prevailing west and south-west winds;

 Integrated connectivity, supporting facilities and 

transportation systems (shuttle, bicycle tracks, etc.), 

and the availability of pedestrian tracks;

    Every building was developed with high energy and 

water efficiency, uses LED lamps and photovoltaic 

panels for street lighting;

 Maintenance of large green-open landscape 

spaces between buildings and green roofs on 

most buildings to reduce the heat island effect;

 Zero run off technology, with rainwater harvesting 

tanks on each building, natural and modern infiltration 

wells, and a large lake used for rainwater retention 

and irrigation. We anticipate that this technology will 

significantly improve our water withdrawal statistics in 

the next reporting period.

IN THIS SECTION

SML is committed to leverage on our green building 

expertise and innovation to improve the quality of life 

and well-being of its building occupants. We played an 

instrumental role as one of the founding corporate members 

of the Green Building Council Indonesia.


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

42

In May 2013, BSD Green Office Park was awarded with 

the Gold Award in the World FIABCI Prix d'Excellence 

Award in Taiwan under the Category Sustainable 

Development. In 2012, our BSD Green Office Park received 

the International Property Award Asia Pacific 2012 for 

Office Development.

More recently, the following awards were achieved in the 

reporting period:

 Asean Energy Awards 2017 – 1st runner up 

(MyRepublic Plaza) for Energy Efficient Buildings New 

and Existing Building Category

 Asean Energy Awards 2017 – 1st runner up 

(MyRepublic Plaza) for Green Building Large 

Category

 National Energy Award 2017 (Energy Efficiency 

Award) winner for energy efficiency and new building 

category

 The Best Environmental Endeavor, The 3rd 

Outstanding Corporate Innovator Indonesia Award

 Green Property Awards 2017, Intermoda District 

BSD City for Green Transportation - TOD Concept – 

Township category



1

Sinarmas Land Plaza - Energy efficient 

design to maximise the use of sunlight and 

do away with the need for air-conditioning 

in the office lobby.

1

PRODUCT QUALITY AND CUSTOMER WELL-BEING

Past awards include:

 National Energy Awards 2012, 2013, 2014 

(Energy Efficiency Award) winner (Sinarmasland 

Plaza Building) for energy-efficient, new and existing 

building category

 National Energy Awards 2014, 2015 (Energy 

Efficiency Award) winner (The Breeze Mall) for 

energy-efficient building, tropical building category

 Asean Energy Awards 2015 (Energy Efficiency 

Award) winner (The Breeze Mall) for energy 

efficient, tropical building category

 Asean Energy Awards 2016 2nd runner up (ICE 

Convention and Exhibition) for energy efficient, 

new and existing building category

 National Energy Awards 2015 (Energy Efficiency 

Award) winner (ICE Convention and Exhibition) 

for the category of energy-efficient, new and existing 

building category

 National Energy Awards 2016 (Energy Efficiency 

Award) winner (MyRepublic Plaza) for energy-

efficient buildings, new buildings category

 National Energy Awards 2016 winner 

(MyRepublic Plaza) for energy-efficient buildings, 

green building category


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

43







Green Property Awards 2017

2

ASEAN Energy Awards 2017

3

Subroto Awards 2017

4

The implementation of green building standards for our 

developments in BSD Green Office Park has allowed us 

to achieve significant improvements in our environmental 

impact. Encouraged by these results, we have selected 

several new office buildings to be certified with the same 

green standards and look forward to report on their 

progress in the future reports. For our existing buildings 

within BSD City, we are considering implementing parts of 

these guidelines, wherever feasible.

ENSURING CUSTOMERS' AND THE PUBLIC'S 

WELL-BEING

We take all incidents relating to our customers' or the public's 

well-being very seriously. All health and safety incidents 

involving members of the public such as guests, visitors, 

occupants, tenants, and customers are reported, and included 

in our Monthly Operations Report which is submitted to 

Division Heads and the Group Division Head (CEO).

To raise HSE awareness among our tenants, we have 

constantly engaged them on a regular basis through 

activities conducted to promote safety in our buildings. 

These engagements include HSE socialisation, the 

PRODUCT QUALITY AND CUSTOMER WELL-BEING

placement of safety signage in public spaces, corridors and 

food courts, and fire drills with tenants and visitors.

In 2017, there were 25 injuries and 97 dangerous 

occurrences involving members of the public. Most of 

the reported incidents were due to human error caused 

by tenants or visitors. After each incident, a detailed 

investigation will be carried out. Results of the investigation 

will clearly spell out the cause and repercussions, as well as 

the follow up action undertaken to reduce the reoccurrence 

of such similar incident. The final report will be presented 

and discussed during the respective SBU's Monthly 

Operations Meeting.

25

0

50

100

75

No. of injuries

No. of dangerous occurrences/near misses

Members of Public, Safety Statistics (FY2017)

25

97



5

Customer Service Office

5


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

44

COMMUNITY

As a leader and key developer 

of cities and communities of an 

ambitious developing nation, 

we recognise our role and 

responsibilities to enhance the 

well-being and livelihood of 

local communities; contributing to 

Indonesia's economic prosperity. 

For us at SML, good relationships 

and partnerships with our 

community and stakeholders 

at-large are a key foundation 

for the sustained growth of our 

business.

IN THIS SECTION

On the following pages, we provide an overview of the 

broad range of initiatives undertaken by SML that focus 

on positive community impact. Our activities that support 

local communities range from infrastructure investments to 

poverty alleviation and quality education.

INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT

At SML, we have implemented local community 

engagements, impact assessments, and development 

programs in all our operations across Indonesia. Some of 

our engagements and programs are detailed in the table 

below. Through our outreach in key development areas, we 

intend to deliver a positive impact to the growing prosperity 

of Indonesia's society.

INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT 

FOR THE COMMUNITY

IMPACT ON COMMUNITY AND LOCAL ECONOMY

Construction of highway connecting 

Serpong to Jakarta

 Decreases travel time between Serpong and Jakarta 

 Reduces time wasted in traffic, and increases productivity of users

 Lowers air pollution and unnecessary CO2 emissions by easing congestion

Construction of the Rawabuntu railway 

connecting Serpong to Jakarta  

(joint initiative with the Government)

 Provide an alternative mode of transportation between Serpong and Jakarta

 Reduces road traffic, improve air quality, and reduces carbon footprint from road 

transportation

Construction of regional road connecting 

Tangerang and Serpong  

(joint initiative with the Government)

 Improve traffic from Tangerang to Serpong area 

 Potential growth for the local economy and communities along the Tangerang-Serpong 

regional road

Construction of 2nd regional road connecting 

BSD City to Gading Serpong

 Improve traffic from BSD City to Gading Serpong 

 Potential growth for the local economy and communities along the Gading Serpong area

Modern Market at BSD City

 Provide opportunities for the growth of Small and Medium Enterprises

 Provide economic opportunities for small-scale traders and members of the local 

community 

 Selected as a “model market” by the Government, positively affecting the lives and 

livelihoods of 5,000 people

Education, Healthcare and International 

Conference Facilities in BSD City

 Provide communities in BSD City with education and healthcare facilities

 Improve regional economic investments

 Provide work opportunities for local communities


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

45

Sinarmas Land is committed to integrate our responsibilities 

towards the surrounding communities as part of our 

Group's business strategy. By improving the socio-cultural 

environment within our operations' communities through 

various initiatives, we aim to create significant benefits for 

local communities on the basis of common shared value 

and coherent understanding.

Apart from large-scale infrastructure projects such as 

the those outlined above, we also conduct community 

development programs such as collecting donations, 

making contributions to the victims of natural disasters, 

promoting healthy living, and supporting the development 

of worship facilities. 

In addition, we aid in the renovation of school buildings, 

extend financial assistance towards the purchase of 

learning equipment and organise a blood donation drive 

once every three months.

Sinarmas Land, through BSDE and its flagship development 

BSD City, has developed an entire township equipped with 

complete facilities and amenities such as residential units, 

business districts, commercial office buildings, shopping 

COMMUNITY

centres, and public facilities – all of which alleviate the 

living standards of the surrounding communities. Through 

the development of BSD City, SML has created jobs 

and work opportunities for surrounding communities in 

Tangerang, increasing the liveability and income per capita 

for the region.

As the largest privately developed satellite city located at 

the fringe of Central Jakarta, BSD City has become one 

of the most desirable locations to reside. Positioned as an 

urban oasis surrounded by lush greenery with complete 

amenities, our city-dwellers are conveniently connected to 

Jakarta via key pieces of public transport infrastructure.

We are constantly engaging our communities and conduct 

social impact assessments as well as Environmental Impact 

Assessments (AMDAL) for all our projects and development 

programs in BSD City prior to the development 

commencement of these projects.

Of the numerous initiatives extended by the Group, we 

believe the following engagements have garnered the most 

traction and delivered the most significant positive impact 

for the local communities around BSD City: 

Pasar Modern BSD (Modern Market BSD)

COMMUNITY

IMPACT

Micro, Small and Medium 

Enterprises (MSME)

Since 2004, Sinarmas Land has assisted around 800 MSME in its Modern Market BSD City. Through our 

Public Market School (Pasar Rakyat School), the MSME have acquired new knowledge and skills, such as 

basic cash flow management, financial management, marketing, maintaining a healthy environment and 

learning about food containing hazardous substances.



1

Modern Market BSD

1


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

46

Rumah Pintar BSD (BSD "Knowledge House")

COMMUNITY

IMPACT

Movement for the Welfare of 

the Deaf Indonesia (Gerkatin)

Gerkatin are training classes for people with disabilities (mute and deaf) in BSD's “Knowledge House” with 

the aim to improving their basic sign language skills and helping them to be more productive, as well as 

contributing back to their local community.

Foundation for Communication 

and Experiential Learning 

(Eksisna)

Eksisna is an independent foundation which provides public speaking training sessions for children, 

teenagers, and housewives around BSD City to help them improve on their communication skills.

Bamboo Hat Community 

(Komunitas Topi Bambu) 

In addition to conserving traditional tools, Bamboo Hat Community teaches people the skills required for 

creating traditional tools using bamboo materials and supports the BSD Art Centre (Sentra Kriya). BSD Art 

Centre produces paintings, knit arts, recycle arts, green products and canteens. The training also empowers 

people surrounding BSD to increase their productivity.

South Tangerang Business 

Community (Komunitas PeBIsnis 

Tangsel / Kopi Tangsel)

BSD “Knowledge House” has become a place for sharing knowledge among MSME entrepreneurs in South 

Tangerang.

Cultural Variety Studio 

(Sanggar Ragam Budaya)

To preserve Indonesia's rich culture and heritage, traditional dance and music training lessons are conducted 

by Cultural Variety Studio in BSD City’s Rumah Pintar to help local Indonesians pursue their passion and 

build social cohesion.



2

Rumah Pintar BSD

2



3

Sign Language Classes

3

COMMUNITY


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

47

Revitalization of Kalijodo

COMMUNITY

IMPACT

Local community 

surrounding Kalijodo 

(Jakarta)

Revitalization of Kalijodo funded by Sinarmas Land. Built on 4 hectares of land in Jakarta that is owned and 

managed by DKI Jakarta Government, this project consists of green open space and public space with many 

facilities such as an amphitheater, Islamic prayer room, bike line, gym, futsal court, function area and other child-

friendly facilities. 

COMMUNITY

Outside of BSD City, the Group has also constantly engaged local communities through various initiatives such as the 

following projects located within the Greater Jakarta region:

Development of Telaga Desa in KIIC

COMMUNITY

IMPACT

Local community 

surrounding KIIC (Greater 

Jakarta)

Designated as a Biological Variety Park spanning over 3 hectares of land near KIIC, Village Lake ("Telaga 

Desa") Agro-Enviro Education Park is a centre for research and education in agriculture, environment and eco-

tourism.



4

Revitalization of Kalijodo

4



5

Telaga Desa

5


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

48



6

President  Joko Widodo 

visiting the modernised 

traditional markets Sinarmas 

Land has built. 

6

COMMUNITY

Revitalization of Jagir River in Surabaya

COMMUNITY

IMPACT

Residence in Surabaya

Sinarmas Land is revitalizing the northern and southern parts of Jagir River in Surabaya for public facilities. 

A stretch of 1km along Jagir River will be transformed into a green open space with various facilities that can 

be enjoyed by the local community, such as a green pedestrian park, cycling area, skate park, and children's 

playground. This place will be a new destination of choice in Surabaya.

SMILE PROGRAM 

Poverty Alleviation

Enhancing the quality of the Market Place

We are committed to provide entrepreneurship opportunities and business spaces for MSMEs as part of our township 

economics. We focus on three key areas to further enhance the quality of our market place:

 Hardware Enhancement of the Market Place — the traditional market place is the breeding ground for local 

entrepreneurs, particularly those belonging to the MSME group. Currently, Sinarmas Land has built and managed four 

of these markets namely, Pasar Modern BSD, Fresh Market Kota Wisata, Pasar Modern Grand Wisata, and Pasar 

Modern Intermoda Cisauk, benefitting up to 3,000 MSMEs. These modernised yet traditional markets are designed to 

allow for better air circulation, improved organisation with clear zoning segregation, and equipped with convenient 

supporting facilities such as ATM Centre, public toilets and poultry slaughterhouses. Also, co-operating together with 

the National Agency for Drug and Food Control, there is a mini-laboratory situated within each market to enhance the 

health and food safety standards.

 Software Enhancement of the Market Place — improving the building structures and the installation of supporting 

facilities is only part of the solution in elevating the livelihood of the MSMEs. At Sinarmas Land, we try to complete the 

offering by providing the necessary knowledge, skills and facilities to enable our MSME partners to run successful and 

sustainable businesses through the Pasar Rakyat School platform. In 2017, we have conducted the following programs 

together with our partners:


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

49



7



8

COMMUNITY

• Simple cash flow calculation – Prasetiya Mulya University

• Bank facilities that can be utilized by SMEs – Bank Rakyat Indonesia

 • Simple financial planning – Bank Sinarmas 

• Control of the bird flu virus – Banten Provincial Agriculture Office

• Clean and healthy living pattern – Unilever Indonesia

• Market as part of a Smart City – South Tangerang Mayor

 Sharing Best Practices at the Market Place — With the success of Pasar Rakyat, Sinarmas Land is currently working 

together with the Indonesian government to effectively spread this development and initiative to a greater number of 

MSMEs through the following activities:

• Assist the Ministry of Trade by preparing Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and manufacturing prototypes 

based on the modern markets built by Sinarmas Land. This, together with the curriculum to train the next batch of 

Pasar Rakyat managers, will be implemented in 5,000 markets across Indonesia;

• Sinarmas Land facilitated the visit of 50 market managers from 30 different provinces all over Indonesia to share 

and study best practices found in our modern markets.

Hygiene Training for MSME Pasar in 

Modern Market BSD

7

Financial Training for MSME Pasar 

in Modern Market BSD

8


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

50

Improvement of Basic Infrastructure

Community welfare is one of the important elements in property development. Several programs designed to improve basic 

infrastructure were conducted in various locations around Sinarmas Land projects.

 School Renovations — Renovation works were undertaken to strengthen the schools' buildings and their supporting 

infrastructures with the aim to provide a better learning environment for the students. In 2017, seven schools in South 

Tangerang City and Tangerang District with a capacity of approximately 1,500 students each benefitted from this 

initiative. 

 House Renovations — 15 homes in Lengkong Kiai Village were renovated to provide better living conditions and a 

healthy environment for the local community.

 Mosque/Mushala Renovations — Mosque/Mushala renovations were undertaken to provide a safe and nurturing 

space conducive to worship and religion education in South Tangerang and the Tangerang district. In 2017, seven 

Mosques/Mushalas with a capacity of approximately 700 worshipers received assistance.

 Other improvements of basic infrastructure — Several programs related to basic infrastructure improvement have 

been undertaken by Sinarmas Land such as road improvements, public road lighting procurement, paving block 

installations, clean water supply, and adding U-ditch elements for environmental drainage in the Bekasi District

COMMUNITY

Mosque  Renovations

9



9



10

School Renovation

10


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

51

Quality Education

Our support for quality informal education contributes to the improvement of living conditions for local communities:

 BSD "Knowledge House" (please see above for details) is a community learning centre located in BSD City that 

provides out-of-school learning and skill training to children, teens and housewives. Conceived from the concept of 

harnessing a holistic all-round education, BSD “Knowledge House” hopes to create a knowledge community that 

educates and supports its participants by working with various communities and partners to achieve that objective. 

 

To ensure a conducive learning environment, each “Knowledge House” is equipped with a library, a playroom and 

arts and culture corner, computers and multimedia stations. In 2017, 560 participants have benefited from numerous 

activities organised in “Knowledge House”. 

 Scholarships for programmers and training for web &amp; mobile developers were extended to provide higher 

education for outstanding high school graduate and vocational students in BSD City that require financial assistance to 

excel further. This is part of the plan to support the demand for IT professionals in Sinarmas Land's Digital Hub. 

 Sign language trainings were conducted to improve the sign language skills of members of the Deaf and Listen 

Communities in South Tangerang and Tangerang District.

COMMUNITY

Programmer and Web Developer 

Scholarship

11



11



12

Students of The Bandung Institute 

of Technology and Science 

(ITSB) with exceptional academic 

performances were awarded with 

scholarships

12


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

52

Climate Action

At Sinarmas Land, we recognise the importance of preserving a sustainable environment and exemplify this through our 

green developments as well as other environmentally relevant programs such as our Green Initiative.

The Green Initiative program consists of activities focused on the theme of improving the greeneries surrounding our 

developments such as tree planting, and the construction of Village Lake Agro-Enviro Education Park. For the 14th year, 

Sinarmas Land organised the annual Green Festival at BSD City to raise public awareness on the importance of conserving 

our environment. Activities during the festival comprise waste management and recycling workshops, emission testing for 

vehicles and other fun and entertaining attractions and exhibitions.



14th BSD City Green Festival

13

13

COMMUNITY


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

53

Apart from the examples of our works undertaken for the 

benefit of local communities cited above, we are pleased 

to share that during the reporting period, none of our 

operations were found to have any significant or potentially 

negative impacts on local communities. Based on Govern-

ment Regulation No. 27 (2012) on Environment Control 

Permits, prior to commencement of any property develop-

ment project in Indonesia, every developer must perform 

an environmental impact assessment (AMDAL) and provide 

plans to avoid/mitigate the possibility of negative impacts, 

if any. The content of this assessment is extensive and in-

cludes physical, chemical (land, soil, space, etc.), as well as 

biological aspects (habitats and biodiversity), social factors 

(economics, safety, culture, etc.) and community health. 

These regulatory assessments ensure that developers give 

due consideration to the potential environmental impacts 

before embarking on their development. Developer is only 

allowed to commence the development once they have 

obtained the approved environmental impact assessment, 

amongst many other mandatory required approvals, from 

the local government.

COMMUNITY

MANAGING OUR IMPACT ON COMMUNITIES

As we continue to develop and enhance the vibrancy 

of BSD City, there are development activities that might 

inevitably pose some inconvenience to communities in the 

immediate or surrounding vicinity. Nonetheless, the Group 

shall respect the rights of local communities and ensure that 

both our contractors and internal staff adhere to the legal 

requirements stipulated by the Indonesian government. 

Every contractor appointed or engaged by Sinarmas Land 

must be rated by the regional regulator and possess a Con-

struction Service Permit Letter issued by the government. 

This is part of our internal control procedures to ensure that 

there is no compromise on the quality of our developments.

In addition, we have included the following initiatives to 

avoid negative impacts during construction activities:

  Regular communication with the communities 

surrounding the development project about our 

construction plans; 

  Respect the needs and well-being of surrounding 

communities (e.g. noise reduction, reasonable 

construction hours, keeping the environment clean 

during construction);



14

Sinarmas Land Tree Planting at the area of Kalijagir in Surabaya.

14


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

54

APPENDIX

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE

GRI 102 : General 

Disclosures 2016

102-1

Name of the 

organization

a. Name of the organization.

About Sinarmas Land 

page 1

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-2

Activities, brands, 

products, and 

services

a. A description of the organization’s activities.

b. Primary brands, products, and services, including 

an explanation of any products or services that are 

banned in certain markets.

About Sinarmas Land 

page 1

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-3

Location of 

headquarters

a. Location of the organization’s headquarters.

About Sinarmas Land 

page 1

GRI 102 : General 

Disclosures 2016

102-4

Location of 

operations

a. Number of countries where the organization operates, 

and the names of countries where it has significant 

operations and/or that are relevant to the topics 

covered in the report.

About Sinarmas Land 

page 2

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-5

Ownership and 

legal form

a. Nature of ownership and legal form.

About Sinarmas Land 

page 1

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-6

Markets served

a. Markets served, including:

i. 

geographic locations where products and services 

are offered;

ii. sectors served;

iii.  types of customers and beneficiaries.

About Sinarmas Land 

page 1

GRI 102 : General 

Disclosures 2016

102-7

Scale of the 

organization

a. Scale of the organization, including:

 i.  total number of employees;

 ii.  total number of operations;

 iii. net sales (for private sector organizations) or net 

revenues (for public sector organizations);

 iv. total capitalization (for private sector organizations) 

broken down in terms of debt and equity;

 v. quantity of products or services provided.

About Sinarmas Land page 

1 and 3; Sinarmas Land 

Annual Report 2017, page 

62-63

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-8

Information on 

employees and 

other workers

a. Total number of employees by employment contract 

(permanent and temporary), by gender.

b. Total number of employees by employment contract 

(permanent and temporary), by region.

c. Total number of employees by employment type (full-

time and part-time), by gender.

d. Whether a significant portion of the organization’s 

activities are performed by workers who are not 

employees. If applicable, a description of the nature 

and scale of work performed by workers who are not 

employees.

e. Any significant variations in the numbers reported in 

Disclosures 102-8-a, 102-8-b, and 102-8-c (such 

as seasonal variations in the tourism or agricultural 

industries).

f. An explanation of how the data have been compiled, 

including any assumptions made.

People &gt; Employment &gt; 

Our Empoyees page 28

GRI CONTENT INDEX


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

55

APPENDIX

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-9

Supply chain

A description of the organization’s supply chain, including 

its main elements as they relate to the organization’s 

activities, primary brands, products, and services.

About Sinarmas Land 

page 3

GRI 102 : General 

Disclosures 2016

102-10

Significant changes 

to the organization 

and its supply chain

a. Significant changes to the organization’s size, structure, 

ownership, or supply chain, including:

 i. Changes in the location of, or changes in, 

operations, including facility openings, closings, 

and expansions;

 ii. Changes in the share capital structure and other 

capital formation, maintenance, and alteration 

operations (for private sector organizations);

 iii. Changes in the location of suppliers, the structure 

of the supply chain, or relationships with suppliers, 

including selection and termination.

About Sinarmas Land 

page 3

GRI 102 : General 

Disclosures 2016

102-11

Precautionary 

Principle or 

approach

a. Whether and how the organization applies the 

Precautionary Principle or approach.

Our Approach &gt; 

Governance and Risk 

Management page 16

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-12

External initiatives

a. A list of externally-developed economic, environmental 

and social charters, principles, 

 

or other initiatives to which the organization subscribes, 

or which it endorses.

Our Approach &gt; Sinarmas 

Land's Sustainability Vision 

page 12-14

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-13

Membership of 

associations 

a. A list of the main memberships of industry or other 

associations, and national or international advocacy 

organizations.

About Sinarmas Land 

page 3

STRATEGY 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-14

Statement from 

senior decision-

maker

a. A statement from the most senior decision-maker of 

the organization (such as CEO, chair, or equivalent 

senior position) about the relevance of sustainability 

to the organization and its strategy for addressing 

sustainability.

Message from the 

Chairmand and CEO page 

4-8

ETHICS AND INTEGRITY

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-16

Values, principles, 

standards, and 

norms of behavior 

a. A description of the organization’s values, principles, 

standards, and norms of behavior

Our Approach &gt; 

Governance and Risk 

Management page 15-16

GOVERNANCE 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-18

Governance 

structure 

a. Governance structure of the organization, including 

committees of the highest governance body.

b. Committees responsible for decision-making on 

economic, environmental, and social topics.

Our Approach &gt; 

Governance and Risk 

Management page 15-16

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-40

List of stakeholder 

groups 

a. A list of stakeholder groups engaged by the 

organization

Our Approach &gt; 

Stakeholder Engagement 

page 18-19

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-41

Collective 

bargaining 

agreements

Percentage of total employees covered by collective 

bargaining agreements.

People &gt; Benefits and 

Welfare &gt; Respecting 

Freedom of Association 

and Collective Bargaining 

Rights page 34


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

56

APPENDIX

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-42

Identifying 

and selecting 

stakeholders 

a. The basis for identifying and selecting stakeholders with 

whom to engage.

Our Approach &gt; 

Stakeholder Engagement 

page 18-19

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-43

Approach to 

stakeholder 

engagement

a. The organization’s approach to stakeholder 

engagement, including frequency of engagement by 

type and by stakeholder group, and an indication 

of whether any of the engagement was undertaken 

specifically as part of the report preparation process.

Our Approach &gt; 

Stakeholder Engagement 

page 18-19

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-44

Key topics and 

concerns raised

a. Key topics and concerns that have been raised through 

stakeholder engagement, including:

i.  how the organization has responded to those key 

topics and concerns, including through its reporting;

ii.  the stakeholder groups that raised each of the key 

topics and concerns.

Our Approach &gt; 

Stakeholder Engagement 

page 18-19

REPORTING PRACTICE

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-45

Entities included in 

the consolidated 

financial statements 

a. A list of all entities included in the organization’s 

consolidated financial statements or equivalent 

documents.

b. Whether any entity included in the organization’s 

consolidated financial statements or equivalent 

documents is not covered by the report.

a. Sinarmas Land Annual 

Report 2017 page 

155-166

b. About This Report page 

8-9

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-46

Defining report 

content and topic 

Boundaries 

a. An explanation of the process for defining the report 

content and the topic Boundaries.

b. An explanation of how the organization has 

implemented the Reporting Principles for defining report 

content. 

Our Approach &gt; 

Materiality page 17-18

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-47

List of material 

topics 

a. A list of the material topics identified in the process for 

defining report content.

Our Approach &gt; 

Materiality page 17-18

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-48

Restatements of 

information

a. The effect of any restatements of information given in 

previous reports, and the reasons for such restatements.

Not applicable as this is 

our inaugural Sustainability 

Report

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-49

Changes in 

reporting 

a. Significant changes from previous reporting periods in 

the list of material topics and topic Boundaries.

Not applicable as this is 

our inaugural Sustainability 

Report

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-50

Reporting period 

a. Reporting period for the information provided.

About This Report page 9

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-51

Date of most recent 

report 

a. If applicable, the date of the most recent previous 

report.

Not applicable as this is 

our inaugural Sustainability 

Report

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-52

Reporting cycle

a. Reporting cycle.

About This Report page 9

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-53

Contact point for 

questions regarding 

the report 

a. The contact point for questions regarding the report or 

its contents.

About This Report page 10


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

57

APPENDIX

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

REPORTING PRACTICE

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-54

Claims of reporting 

in accordance with 

the GRI Standards

a. The claim made by the organization, if it has prepared 

a report in accordance with the GRI Standards, either:

 i. ‘This report has been prepared in accordance with 

the GRI Standards: Core option’;

 ii. ‘This report has been prepared in accordance with 

the GRI Standards: Comprehensive option’.

About This Report page 11

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-55

GRI content index

a. The GRI content index, which specifies each of the GRI 

Standards used and lists all disclosures included in the 

report.

b. For each disclosure, the content index shall include:

 i. the number of the disclosure (for disclosures 

covered by the GRI Standards);

 ii. the page number(s) or URL(s) where the information 

can be found, either within the report or in other 

published materials;

 iii. if applicable, and where permitted, the reason(s) 

for omission when a required disclosure cannot be 

made.

GRI Content Index page 54

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

102-56

External assurance a. A description of the organization’s policy and current 

practice with regard to seeking external assurance for 

the report.

b. If the report has been externally assured:

 i. A reference to the external assurance report, 

statements, or opinions. If not included in the 

assurance report accompanying the sustainability 

report, a description of what has and what has 

not been assured and on what basis, including the 

assurance standards used, the level of assurance 

obtained, and any limitations of the assurance 

process;

 ii. The relationship between the organization and the 

assurance provider;

 iii. Whether and how the highest governance body or 

senior executives are involved in seeking external 

assurance for the organization’s sustainability 

report.

About This Report page 10

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: ECONOMIC

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the 

material topic and 

its Boundary

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of why the topic is material.

b. The Boundary for the material topic, which includes a 

description of:

 i. where the impacts occur;

 ii. the organization’s involvement with the impacts. For 

example, whether the organization has caused or 

contributed to the impacts, or is directly linked to the 

impacts through its business relationships.

c. Any specific limitation regarding the topic Boundary.

Sinarmas Land Annual 

Report 2017 page 44-47


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

58

APPENDIX

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: ECONOMIC

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-2

The management 

approach and its 

components 

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization manages the 

topic.

b. A statement of the purpose of the management 

approach.

c. A description of the following, if the management 

approach includes that component:

 i. Policies

 ii. Commitments

 iii. Goals and targets

 iv. Responsibilities

 v. Resources

 vi. Grievance mechanisms

 vii. Specific actions, such as processes, projects, 

programs and initiatives

Sinarmas Land Annual 

Report 2017 page 44-47

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-3

Evaluation of the 

management 

approach

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization evaluates the 

management approach, including:

 i. the mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of 

the management approach;

 ii. the results of the evaluation of the management 

approach;

 iii. any related adjustments to the management 

approach.

Sinarmas Land Annual 

Report 2017 page 44-47

GRI 201 : Economic 

Performance 2016

201-1

Direct economic 

value generated 

and distributed

a. Direct economic value generated and distributed 

(EVG&amp;D) on an accruals basis, including the basic 

components for the organization’s global operations 

as listed below. If data are presented on a cash basis, 

report the justification for this decision in addition to 

reporting the following basic components:

 i. Direct economic value generated: revenues;

 ii. Economic value distributed: operating costs, 

employee wages and benefits, payments to 

providers of capital, payments to government by 

country, and community investments;

 iii. Economic value retained: ‘direct economic value 

generated’ less ‘economic value distributed’.

b. Where significant, report EVG&amp;D separately at country, 

regional, or market levels, and the criteria used for 

defining significance.

Sinarmas Land Annual 

Report 2017 page 93-100


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

59

APPENDIX

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: ECONOMIC

ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

GRI 201 : Economic 

Performance 2016

201-3

Defined benefit 

plan obligations 

and other 

retirement plans

a. If the plan’s liabilities are met by the organization’s 

general resources, the estimated value of those liabilities.

b. If a separate fund exists to pay the plan’s pension 

liabilities:

i. 

the extent to which the scheme’s liabilities are 

estimated to be covered by the assets that have been 

set aside to meet them;

ii. the basis on which that estimate has been arrived at;

iii. when that estimate was made.

c. If a fund set up to pay the plan’s pension liabilities is 

not fully covered, explain the strategy, if any, adopted 

by the employer to work towards full coverage, and 

the timescale, if any, by which the employer hopes to 

achieve full coverage.

d. Percentage of salary contributed by employee or 

employer.

e. Level of participation in retirement plans, such as 

participation in mandatory or voluntary schemes, 

regional, or country-based schemes, or those with 

financial impact.

People &gt; Benefits and 

Welfare &gt; Retirement Plans 

and other Defined Benefits 

page 35

MARKET PRESENCE

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the 

material topic and 

its Boundary

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of why the topic is material.

b. The Boundary for the material topic, which includes a 

description of:

 i. where the impacts occur;

 ii. the organization’s involvement with the impacts. For 

example, whether the organization has caused or 

contributed to the impacts, or is directly linked to the 

impacts through its business relationships.

c. Any specific limitation regarding the topic Boundary.

People &gt; Benefits and 

Welfare &gt; Above the 

minimum wage, page 34,  

Sinarmas Land Annual 

Report 2017 page 48-49

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-2

The management 

approach and its 

components 

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization manages the 

topic.

b. A statement of the purpose of the management 

approach.

c. A description of the following, if the management 

approach includes that component:

 i. Policies

 ii. Commitments

 iii. Goals and targets

 iv. Responsibilities

 v. Resources

 vi. Grievance mechanisms

 vii. Specific actions, such as processes, projects, 

programs and initiatives

People page 28-29,

People &gt; Benefits and 

Welfare &gt; Above the 

minimum wage, page 34,  

Sinarmas Land Annual 

Report 2017 page 48-49


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

60

APPENDIX

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: ECONOMIC

MARKET PRESENCE

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-3

Evaluation of the 

management 

approach

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization evaluates the 

management approach, including:

 i. the mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the 

management approach;

 ii. the results of the evaluation of the management 

approach;

 iii. any related adjustments to the management 

approach.

People &gt; Benefits and 

Welfare &gt; Above the 

minimum wage, page 34,  

Sinarmas Land Annual 

Report 2017 page 48-49

GRI 202 : Market 

Presence  2016

202-1

Ratios of standard 

entry level wage by 

gender compared 

to local minimum 

wage 

a. When a significant proportion of employees are 

compensated based on wages subject to minimum wage 

rules, report the relevant ratio of the entry level wage 

by gender at significant locations of operation to the 

minimum wage.

b. When a significant proportion of other workers 

(excluding employees) performing the organization’s 

activities are compensated based on wages subject 

to minimum wage rules, describe the actions taken to 

determine whether these workers are paid above the 

minimum wage.

c. Whether a local minimum wage is absent or variable 

at significant locations of operation, by gender. In 

circumstances in which different minimums can be used as 

a reference, report which minimum wage is being used.

d. The definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’.

People &gt; Benefits and 

Welfare &gt; Above the 

minimum wage, page 

34-35

INDIRECT ECONOMIC IMPACTS

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the 

material topic and 

its Boundary

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of why the topic is material.

b. The Boundary for the material topic, which includes a 

description of:

 i. where the impacts occur;

 ii. the organization’s involvement with the impacts. For 

example, whether the organization has caused or 

contributed to the impacts, or is directly linked to the 

impacts through its business relationships.

c. Any specific limitation regarding the topic Boundary.

Community page 44-53

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-2

The management 

approach and its 

components 

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization manages the 

topic.

b. A statement of the purpose of the management 

approach.

c. A description of the following, if the management 

approach includes that component:

 i. Policies

 ii. Commitments

 iii. Goals and targets

 iv. Responsibilities

 v. Resources

 vi. Grievance mechanisms

 vii. Specific actions, such as processes, projects, 

programs and initiatives

Community page 44-53


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

61

APPENDIX

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: ECONOMIC

INDIRECT ECONOMIC IMPACTS

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-3

Evaluation of the 

management 

approach

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization evaluates the 

management approach, including:

 i. the mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the 

management approach;

 ii. the results of the evaluation of the management 

approach;

 iii. any related adjustments to the management 

approach.

Community page 44-53

GRI 203: Indirect 

Economic Impacts 

2016

203-1

Infrastructure 

investments and 

services supported

a. Extent of development of significant infrastructure 

investments and services supported.

b. Current or expected impacts on communities and local 

economies, including positive and negative impacts 

where relevant.

c. Whether these investments and services are commercial, 

in-kind, or pro bono engagements.

Community &gt; Infrastructure 

Investment pages 44-50

GRI 203: Indirect 

Economic Impacts 

2016

203-2

Significant indirect 

economic impacts

a. Examples of significant identified indirect economic 

impacts of the organization, including positive and 

negative impacts.

b. Significance of the indirect economic impacts in the 

context of external benchmarks and stakeholder 

priorities, such as national and international standards, 

protocols, and policy agendas.

Community &gt; Infrastructure 

Investment pages 44-53

ANTI-CORRUPTION

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the 

material topic and 

its Boundary

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of why the topic is material.

b. The Boundary for the material topic, which includes a 

description of:

 i. where the impacts occur;

 ii. the organization’s involvement with the impacts. For 

example, whether the organization has caused or 

contributed to the impacts, or is directly linked to the 

impacts through its business relationships.

c. Any specific limitation regarding the topic Boundary.

Our Approach &gt; 

Governance and Risk 

Management page 15-16

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-2

The management 

approach and its 

components 

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization manages the 

topic.

b. A statement of the purpose of the management 

approach.

c. A description of the following, if the management 

approach includes that component:

 i. Policies

 ii. Commitments

 iii. Goals and targets

 iv. Responsibilities

 v. Resources

 vi. Grievance mechanisms

 vii. Specific actions, such as processes, projects, 

programs and initiatives

Our Approach &gt; 

Governance and Risk 

Management page 15-16


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

62

APPENDIX

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: ECONOMIC

ANTI-CORRUPTION

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-3

Evaluation of the 

management 

approach

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization evaluates the 

management approach, including:

 i. the mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the 

management approach;

 ii. the results of the evaluation of the management 

approach;

 iii. any related adjustments to the management 

approach.

Our Approach &gt; 

Governance and Risk 

Management page 15-16

GRI 205 : Anti-

Corruption 2016

205-1

Operations 

assessed for 

risks related to 

corruption

a. Total number and percentage of operations assessed for 

risks related to corruption.

b. Significant risks related to corruption identified through 

the risk assessment.

Our Approach &gt; 

Governance and Risk 

Management page 15-16

GRI 205 : Anti-

Corruption 2016

205-2

Communication 

and training about 

anti-corruption 

policies and 

procedures

a. Total number and percentage of governance body 

members that the organization’s anti-corruption policies 

and procedures have been communicated to, broken 

down by region.

b. Total number and percentage of employees that the 

organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures 

have been communicated to, broken down by 

employee category and region.

c. Total number and percentage of business partners 

that the organization’s anti-corruption policies and 

procedures have been communicated to, broken down 

by type of business partner and region. Describe if the 

organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures 

have been communicated to any other persons or 

organizations.

d. Total number and percentage of governance body 

members that have received training on anti-corruption, 

broken down by region.

e. Total number and percentage of employees that have 

received training on anti-corruption, broken down by 

employee category and region.

Our Approach &gt; 

Governance and Risk 

Management page 15-16

GRI 205 : Anti-

Corruption 2016

205-3

Confirmed incidents 

of corruption and 

actions taken

a. Total number and nature of confirmed incidents of 

corruption.

b. Total number of confirmed incidents in which employees 

were dismissed or disciplined for corruption.

c. Total number of confirmed incidents when contracts with 

business partners were terminated or not renewed due 

to violations related to corruption.

d. Public legal cases regarding corruption brought against 

the organization or its employees during the reporting 

period and the outcomes of such cases.

Our Approach &gt; 

Governance and Risk 

Management page 15-16


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

63

APPENDIX

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: ENVIRONMENT

MATERIALS 

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the 

material topic and 

its Boundary

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of why the topic is material.

b. The Boundary for the material topic, which includes a 

description of:

 i. where the impacts occur;

 ii. the organization’s involvement with the impacts. For 

example, whether the organization has caused or 

contributed to the impacts, or is directly linked to the 

impacts through its business relationships.

c. Any specific limitation regarding the topic Boundary.

Environment &gt; In this section 

page 20

Environment &gt; Materials 

page 22

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-2

The management 

approach and its 

components 

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization manages the 

topic.

b. A statement of the purpose of the management 

approach.

c. A description of the following, if the management 

approach includes that component:

 i. Policies

 ii. Commitments

 iii. Goals and targets

 iv. Responsibilities

 v. Resources

 vi. Grievance mechanisms

 vii. Specific actions, such as processes, projects, 

programs and initiatives

Environment &gt; Materials 

page 22

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-3

Evaluation of the 

management 

approach

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization evaluates the 

management approach, including:

 i. the mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the 

management approach;

 ii. the results of the evaluation of the management 

approach;

 iii. any related adjustments to the management 

approach.

Environment &gt; Materials 

page 22

GRI 301: Materials 

2016

301-1

Materials used by 

weight or volume

a. Total weight or volume of materials that are used to 

produce and package the organization’s primary 

products and services during the reporting period, by:

 i. non-renewable materials used;

 ii. renewable materials used.

Environment &gt; Materials 

page 22

GRI 301: Materials 

2016

301-2

Recycled input 

materials used

Percentage of recycled input materials used to manufacture 

the organization’s primary products and services.

Environment &gt; Materials 

page 22


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

64

APPENDIX

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: ENVIRONMENT

ENERGY

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the 

material topic and 

its Boundary

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of why the topic is material.

b. The Boundary for the material topic, which includes a 

description of:

 i. where the impacts occur;

 ii. the organization’s involvement with the impacts. For 

example, whether the organization has caused or 

contributed to the impacts, or is directly linked to the 

impacts through its business relationships.

c. Any specific limitation regarding the topic Boundary.

Environment &gt; In this section 

page 20

Environment &gt; Energy 

page 23

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-2

The management 

approach and its 

components 

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization manages the 

topic.

b. A statement of the purpose of the management 

approach.

c. A description of the following, if the management 

approach includes that component:

 i. Policies

 ii. Commitments

 iii. Goals and targets

 iv. Responsibilities

 v. Resources

 vi. Grievance mechanisms

 vii. Specific actions, such as processes, projects, 

programs and initiatives

Environment &gt; Energy 

page 23

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-3

Evaluation of the 

management 

approach

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization evaluates the 

management approach, including:

 i. the mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the 

management approach;

 ii. the results of the evaluation of the management 

approach;

 iii. any related adjustments to the management 

approach.

Environment &gt; Energy 

page 23


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

65

APPENDIX

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: ENVIRONMENT

ENERGY

GRI 302: Energy 

2016

302-1

Energy 

consumption within 

the organization

a. Total fuel consumption within the organization from non-

renewable sources, in joules or multiples, and including 

fuel types used.

b. Total fuel consumption within the organization from 

renewable sources, in joules or multiples, and including 

fuel types used.

c. In joules, watt-hours or multiples, the total:

 i. electricity consumption

 ii. heating consumption

 iii. cooling consumption

 iv. steam consumption

d. In joules, watt-hours or multiples, the total:

 i. electricity sold

 ii. heating sold

 iii. cooling sold

 iv. steam sold

e. Total energy consumption within the organization, in 

joules or multiples.

f. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or 

calculation tools used.

g. Source of the conversion factors used.

a. We used 6,406 litres 

of diesel which is 

approximately 231 

GJ for emergency 

purposes in our back-up 

generator

b. Nil

c. We consumed 7,291,627 

kWh of electricity from 

the grid. Our processes 

do not use heating, 

cooling, and steam 

consumption

d. Nil

e. Environment &gt; Energy 

page 23

f. &amp; g. Carbon Disclosure 

Project. Technical Note. 

Conversion of fuel data 

to MWh, 2016.

GRI 302: Energy 

2016

302-3

Energy intensity

a. Energy intensity ratio for the organization.

b. Organization-specific metric (the denominator) chosen 

to calculate the ratio.

c. Types of energy included in the intensity ratio; whether 

fuel, electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all.

d. Whether the ratio uses energy consumption within the 

organization, outside of it, or both.

a. &amp; b. Environment &gt; 

Energy page 23

c. Diesel fuel and electricity. 

Our processes do not 

use heating, cooling and 

steam consumption

d. Energy consumption 

within the organisation


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

66

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: ENVIRONMENT

WATER

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the 

material topic and 

its Boundary

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of why the topic is material.

b. The Boundary for the material topic, which includes a 

description of:

 i. where the impacts occur;

 ii. the organization’s involvement with the impacts. For 

example, whether the organization has caused or 

contributed to the impacts, or is directly linked to the 

impacts through its business relationships.

c. Any specific limitation regarding the topic Boundary.

Environment &gt; In this section 

page 20

Environment &gt; Water page 

25

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-2

The management 

approach and its 

components 

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization manages the 

topic.

b. A statement of the purpose of the management 

approach.

c. A description of the following, if the management 

approach includes that component:

 i. Policies

 ii. Commitments

 iii. Goals and targets

 iv. Responsibilities

 v. Resources

 vi. Grievance mechanisms

 vii. Specific actions, such as processes, projects, 

programs and initiatives

Environment &gt; Water page 

25

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-3

Evaluation of the 

management 

approach

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization evaluates the 

management approach, including:

 i. the mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the 

management approach;

 ii. the results of the evaluation of the management 

approach;

 iii. any related adjustments to the management 

approach.

Environment &gt; Water page 

25

GRI 303: Water 

2016

303-1

Water withdrawal 

by source

a. Total volume of water withdrawn, with a breakdown by 

the following sources:

 i. Surface water, including water from wetlands, rivers, 

lakes, and oceans;

 ii. Ground water;

 iii. Rainwater collected directly and stored by the 

organization;

 iv. Waste water from another organization;

 v. Municipal water supplies or other public or private 

water utilities.

b. Standards, methodologies, and assumptions used.

Environment &gt; Water page 

25

APPENDIX


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

67

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: ENVIRONMENT

WATER

GRI 303: Water 

2016

303-2

Water sources 

significantly 

affected by 

withdrawal of 

water 

a. Total number of water sources significantly affected by 

withdrawal by type:

i. 

Size of the water source;

ii. Whether the source is designated as a nationally or 

internationally protected area;

iii. Biodiversity value (such as species diversity and 

endemism, and total number of protected species);

iv. Value or importance of the water source to local 

communities and indigenous peoples.

b. Standards, methodologies, and assumptions used.

a. Environment &gt; Water 

page 25

b.  Indonesian National 

Standard and 

Indonesian regulation 

for water supply

GRI 303: Water 

2016

303-3

Water recycled 

and reused

a. Total volume of water recycled and reused by the 

organization.

b. Total volume of water recycled and reused as a 

percentage of the total water withdrawal as specified in 

Disclosure 303-1.

c. Standards, methodologies, and assumptions used.

Environment &gt; Water page 

25

EMISSIONS

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the 

material topic and 

its Boundary

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of why the topic is material.

b. The Boundary for the material topic, which includes a 

description of:

 i. where the impacts occur;

 ii. the organization’s involvement with the impacts. For 

example, whether the organization has caused or 

contributed to the impacts, or is directly linked to the 

impacts through its business relationships.

c. Any specific limitation regarding the topic Boundary.

Environment &gt; In this section 

page 20

Environment &gt; Emissions 

page 24

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-2

The management 

approach and its 

components 

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization manages the 

topic.

b. A statement of the purpose of the management 

approach.

c. A description of the following, if the management 

approach includes that component:

 i. Policies

 ii. Commitments

 iii. Goals and targets

 iv. Responsibilities

 v. Resources

 vi. Grievance mechanisms

 vii. Specific actions, such as processes, projects, 

programs and initiatives

Environment &gt; Emissions 

page 24

APPENDIX


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

68

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: ENVIRONMENT

EMISSIONS

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-3

Evaluation of the 

management 

approach

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization evaluates the 

management approach, including:

 i. the mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the 

management approach;

 ii. the results of the evaluation of the management 

approach;

 iii. any related adjustments to the management 

approach.

Environment &gt; Emissions 

page 24

GRI 305: Emissions 

2016

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) 

GHG emissions

a. Gross direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions in metric tons of 

CO2 equivalent.

b. Gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, 

N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all.

c. Biogenic CO2 emissions in metric tons of CO2 

equivalent.

d. Base year for the calculation, if applicable, including:

 i. the rationale for choosing it;

 ii. emissions in the base year;

 iii. the context for any significant changes in emissions 

that triggered recalculations of base year emissions.

e. Source of the emission factors and the global warming 

potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP 

source.

f. Consolidation approach for emissions; whether equity 

share, financial control, or operational control.

g. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or 

calculation tools used.

Environment &gt; Emissions 

page 24

Greenhouse gas conversion 

is based on the Greenhouse 

Gas (GHG) Protocol. 

Emission factors for 

electricity generation 

are sourced from the 

Standard Pedoman Teknis 

Perhitungan Baseline Gas 

Rumah Kaca Sektor for 

Jamali (Jawa-Madura Bali) 

Area.

Greenhouse Gas Protocol 

Emission Factors from 

Cross Sector Tools, March 

2017 were used for diesel 

conversions. The gases 

included in the conversion 

of diesel are CO2, CH4 

and N2O

GRI 305: Emissions 

2016

305-4

GHG emissions 

intensity

a. GHG emissions intensity ratio for the organization.

b. Organization-specific metric (the denominator) chosen 

to calculate the ratio.

c. Types of GHG emissions included in the intensity ratio; 

whether direct (Scope 1), energy indirect (Scope 2), 

and/or other indirect (Scope 3).

d. Gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, 

N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all.

Environment &gt; Emissions 

page 24

GHG emissions included in 

the intensity ratio is direct 

(Scope 1)

Greenhouse Gas Protocol 

Emission Factors from 

Cross Sector Tools, March 

2017 were used for diesel 

conversions. The gases 

included in the conversion 

of diesel are CO2, CH4 

and N2O

APPENDIX


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

69

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: ENVIRONMENT

EMISSIONS

GRI 305: Emissions 

2016

305-6

Emissions of 

ozone-depleting 

substances (ODS)

a. Production, imports, and exports of ODS in metric tons 

of CFC-11 (trichlorofluoromethane) equivalent.

b. Substances included in the calculation.

c. Source of the emission factors used.

d. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or 

calculation tools used.

Environment &gt; Emissions 

page 24

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the 

material topic and 

its Boundary

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of why the topic is material.

b. The Boundary for the material topic, which includes a 

description of:

 i.  where the impacts occur;

 ii. the organization’s involvement with the impacts. For 

example, whether the organization has caused or 

contributed to the impacts, or is directly linked to the 

impacts through its business relationships.

c. Any specific limitation regarding the topic Boundary.

Environment &gt; In this section 

page 20

Environment &gt; Effluents and 

Waste page 26-27

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-2

The management 

approach and its 

components 

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization manages the 

topic.

b. A statement of the purpose of the management 

approach.

c. A description of the following, if the management 

approach includes that component:

 i. Policies

 ii. Commitments

 iii. Goals and targets

 iv. Responsibilities

 v. Resources

 vi. Grievance mechanisms

 vii. Specific actions, such as processes, projects, 

programs and initiatives

Environment &gt; Effluents and 

Waste page 26-27

APPENDIX


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

70

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: ENVIRONMENT

EFFLUENTS AND WASTE

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-3

Evaluation of the 

management 

approach

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization evaluates the 

management approach, including:

 i. the mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the 

management approach;

 ii. the results of the evaluation of the management 

approach;

 iii. any related adjustments to the management 

approach.

Environment &gt; Effluents and 

Waste page 26-27

GRI 306: Effluents 

and Waste 2016

306-1

Water discharge 

by quality and 

destination

a. Total volume of planned and unplanned water 

discharges by:

i. 

destination;

ii. quality of the water, including treatment method;

iii. whether the water was reused by another 

organization.

b. Standards, methodologies, and assumptions used.

Environment &gt; Effluents and 

Waste page 26-27

GRI 306: Effluents 

and Waste 2016

306-2

Waste by type and 

disposal method

a. Total weight of hazardous waste, with a breakdown by 

the following disposal methods where applicable:

 i. Reuse

 ii. Recycling

 iii. Composting

 iv. Recovery, including energy recovery

 v. Incineration (mass burn)

 vi. Deep well injection

 vii. Landfill

 viii. On-site storage

 ix. Other (to be specified by the organization)

b. Total weight of non-hazardous waste, with a breakdown 

by the following disposal methods where applicable:

 i. Reuse

 ii. Recycling

 iii. Composting

 iv. Recovery, including energy recovery

 v. Incineration (mass burn)

 vi. Deep well injection

 vii. Landfill

 viii. On-site storage

 ix.  Other (to be specified by the organization)

c. How the waste disposal method has been determined:

 i. Disposed of directly by the organization, or 

otherwise directly confirmed

 ii. Information provided by the waste disposal 

contractor

 iii. Organizational defaults of the waste disposal 

contractor

Environment &gt; Effluents and 

Waste page 26-27

GRI 306: Effluents 

and Waste 2016

306-5

Water bodies 

affected by water 

discharges and/or 

runoff

a. Water bodies and related habitats that are significantly 

affected by water discharges and/or runoff, including 

information on:

i. 

the size of the water body and related habitat;

ii.  whether the water body and related habitat is 

designated as a nationally or internationally 

protected area;

iii. the biodiversity value, such as total number of 

protected species.

No water bodies are 

significantly affected by 

our water discharges and/

or runoff

APPENDIX


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

71

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: ENVIRONMENT

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the 

material topic and 

its Boundary

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of why the topic is material.

b. The Boundary for the material topic, which includes a 

description of:

 i. where the impacts occur;

 ii. the organization’s involvement with the impacts. For 

example, whether the organization has caused or 

contributed to the impacts, or is directly linked to the 

impacts through its business relationships.

c. Any specific limitation regarding the topic Boundary.

Environment &gt; In this section 

page 20

Environment &gt; 

Environmental Compliance 

page 27

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-2

The management 

approach and its 

components 

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization manages the 

topic.

b. A statement of the purpose of the management 

approach.

c. A description of the following, if the management 

approach includes that component:

 i. Policies

 ii. Commitments

 iii. Goals and targets

 iv. Responsibilities

 v. Resources

 vi. Grievance mechanisms

 vii. Specific actions, such as processes, projects, 

programs and initiatives

Environment &gt; 

Environmental Compliance 

page 27

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-3

Evaluation of the 

management 

approach

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization evaluates the 

management approach, including:

 i. the mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the 

management approach;

 ii. the results of the evaluation of the management 

approach;

 iii. any related adjustments to the management 

approach.

Environment &gt; 

Environmental Compliance 

page 27

GRI 307: 

Environmental 

Compliance 2016

307-1

Non-compliance 

with environmental 

laws and 

regulations

a. Significant fines and non-monetary sanctions for non-

compliance with environmental laws and/or regulations 

in terms of:

 i. total monetary value of significant fines;

 ii. total number of non-monetary sanctions;

 iii. cases brought through dispute resolution 

mechanisms.

b. If the organization has not identified any non-

compliance with environmental laws and/or 

regulations, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient.

Environment &gt; 

Environmental Compliance 

page 27

APPENDIX


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

72

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: SOCIAL

EMPLOYMENT

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the 

material topic and 

its Boundary

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of why the topic is material.

b. The Boundary for the material topic, which includes a 

description of:

 i. where the impacts occur;

 ii. the organization’s involvement with the impacts. For 

example, whether the organization has caused or 

contributed to the impacts, or is directly linked to the 

impacts through its business relationships.

c. Any specific limitation regarding the topic Boundary.

People page 28

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-2

The management 

approach and its 

components 

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization manages the 

topic.

b. A statement of the purpose of the management 

approach.

c. A description of the following, if the management 

approach includes that component:

 i. Policies

 ii. Commitments

 iii. Goals and targets

 iv. Responsibilities

 v. Resources

 vi. Grievance mechanisms

 vii. Specific actions, such as processes, projects, 

programs and initiatives

People &gt; Employment &gt; 

New Hires and Employee 

Retention page 32-33

People &gt; Benefits and 

Welfare page 34-35

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-3

Evaluation of the 

management 

approach

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization evaluates the 

management approach, including:

 i.  the mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the 

management approach;

 ii. the results of the evaluation of the management 

approach;

 iii. any related adjustments to the management 

approach.

People &gt; Employment &gt; 

New Hires and Employee 

Retention page 32-33

People &gt; Benefits and 

Welfare page 34-35

GRI 401: 

Employment 2016

401-1

New employee 

hires and employee 

turnover

a. Total number and rate of new employee hires during the 

reporting period, by age group, gender and region.

b. Total number and rate of employee turnover during the 

reporting period, by age group, gender and region.

People &gt; Employment &gt; 

New Hires and Employee 

Retention page 32-33

APPENDIX


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

73

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: SOCIAL

EMPLOYMENT

GRI 401: 

Employment 2016

401-2

Benefits provided 

to full-time 

employees that are 

not provided to 

temporary or part-

time employees

a. Benefits which are standard for full-time employees of 

the organization but are not provided to temporary 

or part-time employees, by significant locations of 

operation. These include, as a minimum:

 i. life insurance;

 ii. health care;

 iii. disability and invalidity coverage;

 iv. parental leave;

 v. retirement provision;

 vi. stock ownership;

 vii. others.

b. The definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’.

People &gt; Benefits and 

Welfare page 34-35

GRI 401: 

Employment 2016

401-3

Parental leave 

a. Total number of employees that were entitled to parental 

leave, by gender.

b. Total number of employees that took parental leave, by 

gender.

c. Total number of employees that returned to work in the 

reporting period after parental leave ended, by gender.

d. Total number of employees that returned to work after 

parental leave ended that were still employed 12 

months after their return to work, by gender.

e. Return to work and retention rates of employees that 

took parental leave, by gender.

People &gt; Benefits and 

Welfare &gt; Family-friendly 

Employer page 34

LABOUR-MANAGEMENT RELATIONS

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the 

material topic and 

its Boundary

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of why the topic is material.

b. The Boundary for the material topic, which includes a 

description of:

 i. where the impacts occur;

 ii. the organization’s involvement with the impacts. For 

example, whether the organization has caused or 

contributed to the impacts, or is directly linked to the 

impacts through its business relationships.

c. Any specific limitation regarding the topic Boundary.

People page 28-29

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-2

The management 

approach and its 

components 

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization manages the 

topic.

b. A statement of the purpose of the management 

approach.

c. A description of the following, if the management 

approach includes that component:

 i. Policies

 ii. Commitments

 iii. Goals and targets

 iv. Responsibilities

 v. Resources

 vi. Grievance mechanisms

 vii. Specific actions, such as processes, projects, 

programs and initiatives

People page 28-29

APPENDIX


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

74

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: SOCIAL

LABOUR-MANAGEMENT RELATIONS

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-3

Evaluation of the 

management 

approach

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization evaluates the 

management approach, including:

 i. the mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the 

management approach;

 ii. the results of the evaluation of the management 

approach;

 iii. any related adjustments to the management 

approach.

People page 28-29

GRI 402: Labour-

Management 

Relations 2016

402-1

Minimum notice 

periods regarding 

operational 

changes 

a. Minimum number of weeks’ notice typically provided 

to employees and their representatives prior to the 

implementation of significant operational changes that 

could substantially affect them.

b. For organizations with collective bargaining agreements, 

report whether the notice period and provisions for 

consultation and negotiation are specified in collective 

agreements.

The minimum notice period 

is currently defined by our 

business needs. We do 

not have a formal policy 

on this matter yet, but are 

considering to establish one 

going forward.

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the 

material topic and 

its Boundary

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of why the topic is material.

b. The Boundary for the material topic, which includes a 

description of:

 i. where the impacts occur;

 ii. the organization’s involvement with the impacts. For 

example, whether the organization has caused or 

contributed to the impacts, or is directly linked to the 

impacts through its business relationships.

c. Any specific limitation regarding the topic Boundary.

Occupational Health and 

Safety page 38-40

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-2

The management 

approach and its 

components 

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization manages the 

topic.

b. A statement of the purpose of the management 

approach.

c. A description of the following, if the management 

approach includes that component:

 i. Policies

 ii. Commitments

 iii. Goals and targets

 iv. Responsibilities

 v. Resources

 vi. Grievance mechanisms

 vii. Specific actions, such as processes, projects, 

programs and initiatives

Occupational Health and 

Safety &gt; Our disciplined 

approach to ensuring 

Occupational Health &amp; 

Safety page 38

APPENDIX


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

75

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: SOCIAL

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-3

Evaluation of the 

management 

approach

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization evaluates the 

management approach, including:

 i. the mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the 

management approach;

 ii. the results of the evaluation of the management 

approach;

 iii. any related adjustments to the management 

approach.

Occupational Health and 

Safety &gt; Our disciplined 

approach to ensuring 

Occupational Health &amp; 

Safety page 38

GRI 403: 

Occupational 

Health and Safety 

2016

403-2

Types of injury 

and rates of injury, 

occupational 

diseases, lost days, 

and absenteeism, 

and number of 

work-related 

fatalities

a. Types of injury, injury rate (IR), occupational disease 

rate (ODR), lost day rate (LDR), absentee rate (AR), 

and work-related fatalities, for all employees, with a 

breakdown by:

 i. region;

 ii. gender.

b. Types of injury, injury rate (IR), and work-related 

fatalities, for all workers (excluding employees) whose 

work, or workplace, is controlled by the organization, 

with a breakdown by:

 i. region;

 ii. gender.

c. The system of rules applied in recording and reporting 

accident statistics

Occupational Health and 

Safety &gt; Our disciplined 

approach to ensuring 

Occupational Health &amp; 

Safety page 38

TRAINING AND EDUCATION

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the 

material topic and 

its Boundary

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of why the topic is material.

b. The Boundary for the material topic, which includes a 

description of:

 i. where the impacts occur;

 ii. the organization’s involvement with the impacts. For 

example, whether the organization has caused or 

contributed to the impacts, or is directly linked to the 

impacts through its business relationships.

c. Any specific limitation regarding the topic Boundary.

People &gt; People 

Development &gt; Training 

and Development page 36

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-2

The management 

approach and its 

components 

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization manages the 

topic.

b. A statement of the purpose of the management 

approach.

c. A description of the following, if the management 

approach includes that component:

 i. Policies

 ii. Commitments

 iii. Goals and targets

 iv. Responsibilities

 v. Resources

 vi. Grievance mechanisms

 vii. Specific actions, such as processes, projects, 

programs and initiatives

People &gt; People 

Development &gt; Training 

and Development page 36

APPENDIX


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

76

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: SOCIAL

TRAINING AND EDUCATION

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-3

Evaluation of the 

management 

approach

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization evaluates the 

management approach, including:

 i. the mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the 

management approach;

 ii. the results of the evaluation of the management 

approach;

 iii. any related adjustments to the management 

approach.

People &gt; People 

Development &gt; Training 

and Development page 36

GRI 404: Training 

and Education 

2016

404-1

Average hours of 

training per year 

per employee

a. Average hours of training that the organization’s 

employees have undertaken during the reporting 

period, by:

 i. gender;

 ii.  employee category.

People &gt; People 

Development &gt; Training 

and Development page 36

GRI 404: Training 

and Education 

2016

404-2

Programs for 

upgrading 

employee skills and 

transition assistance 

programs

a. Type and scope of programs implemented and 

assistance provided to upgrade employee skills.

b. Transition assistance programs provided to facilitate 

continued employability and the management of career 

endings resulting from retirement or termination of 

employment.

People &gt; People 

Development &gt; Training 

and Development page 36

GRI 404: Training 

and Education 

2016

404-3

Percentage 

of employees 

receiving regular 

performance 

and career 

development 

reviews

a. Percentage of total employees by gender and 

by employee category who received a regular 

performance and career development review during the 

reporting period.

People &gt; People 

Development &gt; Employee 

Engagement page 37

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the 

material topic and 

its Boundary

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of why the topic is material.

b. The Boundary for the material topic, which includes a 

description of:

 i. where the impacts occur;

 ii. the organization’s involvement with the impacts. For 

example, whether the organization has caused or 

contributed to the impacts, or is directly linked to the 

impacts through its business relationships.

c. Any specific limitation regarding the topic Boundary.

People &gt; Employment 

&gt; Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity page 29-31

APPENDIX


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

77

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: SOCIAL

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-2

The management 

approach and its 

components 

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization manages the 

topic.

b. A statement of the purpose of the management 

approach.

c. A description of the following, if the management 

approach includes that component:

 i. Policies

 ii. Commitments

 iii. Goals and targets

 iv. Responsibilities

 v. Resources

 vi. Grievance mechanisms

 vii. Specific actions, such as processes, projects, 

programs and initiatives

People &gt; Employment 

&gt; Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity page 29-31

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-3

Evaluation of the 

management 

approach

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization evaluates the 

management approach, including:

 i. the mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the 

management approach;

 ii. the results of the evaluation of the management 

approach;

 iii. any related adjustments to the management 

approach.

People &gt; Employment 

&gt; Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity page 29-31

GRI 405: Diversity 

and Equal 

Opportunity 2016

405-1

Diversity of 

governance bodies 

and employees

a. Percentage of individuals within the organization’s 

governance bodies in each of the following diversity 

categories:

 i.  Gender;

 ii. Age group: under 30 years old, 30-50 years old, 

over 50 years old;

 iii. Other indicators of diversity where relevant (such as 

minority or vulnerable groups).

b. Percentage of employees per employee category in 

each of the following diversity categories:

 i. Gender;

 ii. Age group: under 30 years old, 30-50 years old, 

over 50 years old;

 iii. Other indicators of diversity where relevant (such as 

minority or vulnerable groups). 

People &gt; Employment 

&gt; Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity page 29-31

GRI 405: Diversity 

and Equal 

Opportunity 2016

405-2

Ratio of basic 

salary and 

remuneration of 

women to men

a. Ratio of the basic salary and remuneration of women 

to men for each employee category, by significant 

locations of operation.

b. The definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’.

People &gt; Employment 

&gt; Diversity and Equal 

Opportunity page 31

APPENDIX


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

78

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: SOCIAL

LOCAL COMMUNITIES

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the 

material topic and 

its Boundary

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of why the topic is material.

b. The Boundary for the material topic, which includes a 

description of:

 i. where the impacts occur;

 ii. the organization’s involvement with the impacts. For 

example, whether the organization has caused or 

contributed to the impacts, or is directly linked to the 

impacts through its business relationships.

c. Any specific limitation regarding the topic Boundary.

Community page 44

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-2

The management 

approach and its 

components 

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization manages the 

topic.

b. A statement of the purpose of the management 

approach.

c. A description of the following, if the management 

approach includes that component:

 i. Policies

 ii. Commitments

 iii. Goals and targets

 iv. Responsibilities

 v. Resources

 vi. Grievance mechanisms

 vii. Specific actions, such as processes, projects, 

programs and initiatives

Community &gt; Infrastructure 

Investment page 44-48

Community &gt; Managing 

Our Impact on 

Communities page 53

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-3

Evaluation of the 

management 

approach

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization evaluates the 

management approach, including:

 i. the mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the 

management approach;

 ii. the results of the evaluation of the management 

approach;

 iii. any related adjustments to the management 

approach.

Community &gt; Infrastructure 

Investment page 44-48

Community &gt; Managing 

Our Impact on 

Communities page 53

APPENDIX


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

79

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: SOCIAL

LOCAL COMMUNITIES

GRI 413: Local 

Communities 2016

413-1

Operations with 

local community 

engagement, 

impact assessments, 

and development 

programs

a. Percentage of operations with implemented local 

community engagement, impact assessments, and/or 

development programs, including the use of:

i. 

social impact assessments, including gender impact 

assessments, based on participatory processes;

ii. environmental impact assessments and ongoing 

monitoring;

iii. public disclosure of results of environmental and 

social impact assessments;

iv. local community development programs based on 

local communities’ needs;

v. stakeholder engagement plans based on stakeholder 

mapping;

vi. broad based local community consultation 

committees and processes that include vulnerable 

groups;

vii. works councils, occupational health and safety 

committees and other worker representation bodies 

to deal with impacts;

viii. formal local community grievance processes.

Community &gt; Infrastructure 

Investment page 44-48

GRI 413: Local 

Communities 2016

413-2

Operations 

with significant 

actual and 

potential negative 

impacts on local 

communities

a. Operations with significant actual and potential negative 

impacts on local communities, including:

i. 

the location of the operations;

ii. the significant actual and potential negative impacts 

of operations.

Community &gt; Managing 

Our Impact on 

Communities page 53

CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the 

material topic and 

its Boundary

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of why the topic is material.

b. The Boundary for the material topic, which includes a 

description of:

 i. where the impacts occur;

 ii. the organization’s involvement with the impacts. For 

example, whether the organization has caused or 

contributed to the impacts, or is directly linked to the 

impacts through its business relationships.

c. Any specific limitation regarding the topic Boundary.

Product Quality and 

Customer Well-Being 

page 41

Product Quality and 

Customer Well-Being &gt; 

Ensuring Customers' and 

the Public's Well-Being 

page 43

APPENDIX


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

80

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: SOCIAL

CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-2

The management 

approach and its 

components 

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization manages the 

topic.

b. A statement of the purpose of the management 

approach.

c. A description of the following, if the management 

approach includes that component:

 i. Policies

 ii. Commitments

 iii. Goals and targets

 iv. Responsibilities

 v. Resources

 vi. Grievance mechanisms

 vii. Specific actions, such as processes, projects, 

programs and initiatives

Product Quality and 

Customer Well-Being &gt; 

BSD Green Office Park 

page 41-42

Product Quality and 

Customer Well-Being &gt; 

Ensuring Customers' and 

the Public's Well-Being 

page 43

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-3

Evaluation of the 

management 

approach

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization evaluates the 

management approach, including:

 i. the mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the 

management approach;

 ii. the results of the evaluation of the management 

approach;

 iii. any related adjustments to the management 

approach.

Product Quality and 

Customer Well-Being &gt; 

BSD Green Office Park 

page 41-42

Product Quality and 

Customer Well-Being &gt; 

Ensuring Customers' and 

the Public's Well-Being 

page 43

GRI 416: Customer 

Health and Safety 

2016

416-2

Incidents of 

non-compliance 

concerning the 

health and safety 

impacts of products 

and services

a. Total number of incidents of non-compliance with 

regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning the 

health and safety impacts of products and services 

within the reporting period, by:

i. 

incidents of non-compliance with regulations 

resulting in a fine or penalty;

ii. incidents of non-compliance with regulations 

resulting in a warning;

iii. incidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes.

b. If the organization has not identified any non-

compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes, a 

brief statement of this fact is sufficient.

There were zero incidents 

of non-compliance with 

regulations and/or 

voluntary codes concerning 

the health and safety 

impacts of products and 

services within the reporting 

period

APPENDIX


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

81

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: SOCIAL

MARKETING AND LABELLING

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the 

material topic and 

its Boundary

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of why the topic is material.

b. The Boundary for the material topic, which includes a 

description of:

 i. where the impacts occur;

 ii. the organization’s involvement with the impacts. For 

example, whether the organization has caused or 

contributed to the impacts, or is directly linked to the 

impacts through its business relationships.

c. Any specific limitation regarding the topic Boundary.

Our Approach &gt; 

Governance and Risk 

Management page 15-16

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-2

The management 

approach and its 

components 

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization manages the 

topic.

b. A statement of the purpose of the management 

approach.

c. A description of the following, if the management 

approach includes that component:

 i 

Policies

 ii. Commitments

 iii. Goals and targets

 iv. Responsibilities

 v. Resources

 vi. Grievance mechanisms

 vii. Specific actions, such as processes, projects, 

programs and initiatives

Our Approach &gt; 

Governance and Risk 

Management page 15-16

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-3

Evaluation of the 

management 

approach

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization evaluates the 

management approach, including:

 i. the mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the 

management approach;

 ii. the results of the evaluation of the management 

approach;

 iii. any related adjustments to the management 

approach.

Our Approach &gt; 

Governance and Risk 

Management page 15-16

APPENDIX


B U I L D I N G  F O R  A  B E T T E R  F U T U R E

82

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: SOCIAL

MARKETING AND LABELLING

GRI 417: 

Marketing and 

Labeling 2016

417-2

Incidents of 

non-compliance 

concerning product 

and service 

information and 

labeling

a. Total number of incidents of non-compliance with 

regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning product 

and service information and labeling, by:

i. 

incidents of non-compliance with regulations 

resulting in a fine or penalty;

ii. incidents of non-compliance with regulations 

resulting in a warning;

iii. incidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes.

b. If the organization has not identified any non-

compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes, a 

brief statement of this fact is sufficient.

Our Approach &gt; 

Governance and Risk 

Management page 15-16

GRI 417: 

Marketing and 

Labeling 2016

417-3

Incidents of 

non-compliance 

concerning 

marketing 

communications

a. Total number of incidents of non-compliance with 

regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning 

marketing communications, including advertising, 

promotion, and sponsorship, by:

i. 

incidents of non-compliance with regulations 

resulting in a fine or penalty;

ii. incidents of non-compliance with regulations 

resulting in a warning;

iii. incidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes.

b. If the organization has not identified any non-

compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes, a 

brief statement of this fact is sufficient.

Our Approach &gt; 

Governance and Risk 

Management page 15-16

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-1

Explanation of the 

material topic and 

its Boundary

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of why the topic is material.

b. The Boundary for the material topic, which includes a 

description of:

 i. where the impacts occur;

 ii. the organization’s involvement with the impacts. For 

example, whether the organization has caused or 

contributed to the impacts, or is directly linked to the 

impacts through its business relationships.

c. Any specific limitation regarding the topic Boundary.

Our Approach &gt; 

Governance and Risk 

Management page 15-16

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-2

The management 

approach and its 

components 

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization manages the 

topic.

b. A statement of the purpose of the management 

approach.

c. A description of the following, if the management 

approach includes that component:

 i. Policies

 ii. Commitments

 iii. Goals and targets

 iv. Responsibilities

 v. Resources

 vi. Grievance mechanisms

 vii. Specific actions, such as processes, projects, 

programs and initiatives

Our Approach &gt; 

Governance and Risk 

Management page 15-16

APPENDIX


S I N A R M A S  L A N D  L I M I T E D  S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y  R E P O R T  2 017

83

GRI STANDARD

DISCLOSURE 

NUMBER

DISCLOSURE 

TITLE

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

PAGE NUMBER 

AND REASONS FOR 

OMISSIONS, IF 

APPLICABLE

TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES

CATEGORY: SOCIAL

SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE

GRI 103: 

Management 

Approach 2016

103-3

Evaluation of the 

management 

approach

For each material topic, the reporting organization shall 

report the following information:

a. An explanation of how the organization evaluates the 

management approach, including:

 i. the mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the 

management approach;

 ii. the results of the evaluation of the management 

approach;

 iii. any related adjustments to the management 

approach.

Our Approach &gt; 

Governance and Risk 

Management page 15-16

GRI 419 : 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance 2016

419-1

Non-compliance 

with laws and 

regulations in 

the social and 

economic area

a. Significant fines and non-monetary sanctions for non-

compliance with laws and/or regulations in the social 

and economic area in terms of:

i. 

total monetary value of significant fines;

ii. total number of non-monetary sanctions;

iii. cases brought through dispute resolution 

mechanisms.

b. If the organization has not identified any non-

compliance with laws and/or regulations, a brief 

statement of this fact is sufficient.

c. The context against which significant fines and non-

monetary sanctions were incurred.

Our Approach &gt; 

Governance and Risk 

Management page 15-16

APPENDIX


@sinarmas_land

Sinar Mas Land











SINARMAS LAND LIMITED

Company Registration No. 199400619R

108 Pasir Panjang Road,

#06-00 Golden Agri Plaza, Singapore 118535

Tel : (65) 6220 7720 Fax : (65) 6590 0887

www.sinarmasland.com

