







CONTENTS

01

Introduction

14

18

83

109

140

Sustainability 

Approach

Connecting

Lives

Connecting

Communities

Connecting

the Future

Appendix

Message by  

Singapore Airlines CEO

About the Report

About Singapore  

Airlines

Route Network

Fleet Information 

Sustainability Journey

Our Covid-19 Response 

and Engagement

01 

03

05 

06

08

10

11

Sustainability 

Governance

Sustainability Policy 

and Materiality

Sustainability 

Ambitions

Timeless Connections

14 

15 

16 

17

Governance

Employees

Safety

Customer-focus

19

28

50

68

Suppliers

Shareholders

Society

84

93

101

Environment

110

List of Abbreviations 

and Acronyms

Definition and 

Methodologies

Supplementary 

Sustainability Data

GRI Content Index

140 

141 

149 

164





INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX






The Covid-19 virus began to spread 

globally in February 2020, and resulted in 

unprecedented border restrictions at the 

start of the year under review. As successive 

waves of infections and more virulent strains 

emerged worldwide over the course of the 

year, the aviation industry reeled from an 

unparalleled drop in passenger traffic.

While the growing pace of Covid-19 

vaccinations in several key markets gives 

us hope, international air travel remains 

largely restricted and its recovery trajectory 

is uncertain. 

Despite the challenges, the Singapore 

Airlines (SIA) Group and its airlines have 

retained their focus on our sustainability 

goals over the course of the year. This is 

an increasingly important issue to both our 

customers and staff members, and we must 

be invested in conducting our businesses 

responsibly and integrating sustainability 

into all areas of our operations.

Mapping Our Sustainability 

Journey

The SIA Board recognises the importance 

of sustainability, and provides guidance 

to the management team together with 

its Customer Experience, Technology and 

Sustainability Committee (CETSC). They 

steer the management in ensuring that 

SIA’s long-term value creation is achieved 

with environmental, social and governance 

factors as guiding principles. This will ensure 

that sustainability is anchored at every level 

of the organisation. 

Commitment in Sustainability

In FY2020/21, we continued to collaborate with 

our stakeholders and partners to implement 

innovative solutions that help to protect the 

environment. 

In May 2021, the SIA Group announced 

our commitment to achieve net zero 

carbon emissions by 2050. This reinforces 

our long-standing strategy of working 

towards decarbonisation and environmental 

sustainability across our operations. The Group 

will use multiple levers to achieve this ambitious 

goal, including continued investments in new-

generation aircraft, achieving higher operational 

efficiency, adopting low-carbon technology such 

as sustainable aviation fuels, and sourcing for 

high quality carbon offsets. 

In June 2021, we empowered our customers by 

providing them with an option to reduce their 

individual carbon footprint through the SIA 

Group’s voluntary carbon offset programme. 

This will provide customers across Singapore 

Airlines, Scoot, and SIA Cargo with the 

opportunity to purchase carbon offsets via 

dedicated microsites. Their contributions will 

support verified projects that reduce carbon 

emissions, protect endangered species, and 

empower developing communities. 

More details on our net zero ambition and the 

voluntary carbon offset programme can be 

found on pages 110 to 123 of this report.

Multiple projects were also pursued in support of 

our sustainability goals over the year. For example, 

the Group completed the installation of solar 

panels on all of its office buildings in Singapore.  

This generates renewable energy that 

supplies up to 18% of our electricity needs, 

or enough to power around 2,300 four-

room apartments in Singapore for a year, 

which is equivalent to reducing 4.3 million 

tonnes of carbon dioxide emissions a year. 

We also achieved our target of a 15% 

reduction in electricity usage and a 30% 

reduction in waste generated from our 

buildings1 versus FY2010/11.







MESSAGE BY SINGAPORE AIRLINES CEO 102-14









“Despite the challenges,  

the Singapore Airlines 

Group and its airlines have 

retained their focus on our 

sustainability goals over the 

course of the year. This is an 

increasingly important issue 

to both our customers and 

staff members, and we must 

be invested in conducting 

our businesses responsibly 

and integrating 

sustainability into all  

areas of our operations.”



Goh Choon Phong

Chief Executive Officer

Singapore Airlines

1 Locations include SIA’s four buildings (Airline House, SIA Supplies Centre, SIA Training Centre and TechSQ), SIAEC’s Engine Testing Facility and six hangars.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

01





INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX






In the area of waste management, we worked 

with our supplier SATS Ltd to monitor the 

amount of food waste generated on SIA’s 

inbound flights. An inaugural waste audit 

conducted in August 2020 provided insights 

into the components of our cabin waste, which 

includes catering waste. We continue to find 

ways to reduce food wastage, and this includes 

our ongoing collaboration with Singapore-based 

start-up Lumitics.

SIA also launched a new Economy Class meal 

concept for selected short-haul flights in 

November 2020. The packaging for these meals 

is made of sustainable materials such as Forest 

Stewardship Council (FSC)-certified paper, and 

bamboo, significantly cutting the amount of 

single-use plastics on the meal tray. The meals 

are also around 50% lighter as a result of the 

new packaging, helping to lower aircraft fuel 

consumption and reducing carbon emissions 

by around 309 tonnes annually. Leftover waste, 

including the service ware, will be brought back 

to Singapore and sent to an eco-digester to be 

converted into refuse-derived fuel pellets that 

are an alternative energy source. 

During these challenging times, we also found 

ways to support communities both in Singapore 

and around the world, and focused on the well-

being of our customers and staff.

SIA has been the airline partner of the Hutan 

Harapan Initiative, an ecosystem restoration 

concession that covers nearly 100,000 

hectares of tropical rainforest in Sumatra, 

Indonesia, since 2010. This initiative focuses 

on conservation efforts to sustain the local 

communities and protect wildlife biodiversity.  

This partnership reflects our firm belief that environmental efforts must also focus on making a real 

and direct difference to the well-being of our planet.

As part of our community engagement efforts, we partnered with Temasek Foundation and the World 

Food Programme to transport essential medical supplies and other health and humanitarian items by 

air to points of need around the world. Our staff also stepped up and aided affected communities in 

Singapore and the regions we serve over the last year.

We have also introduced a slew of #SIAcares initiatives in 2020 to enhance the end-to-end health 

and safety measures on the ground and in the air. In response to the Covid-19 pandemic, we also 

launched a dedicated employee support portal, job support programmes, and Enhanced Training 

Support Package courses to provide additional assistance to our staff.

Moving forward, it is imperative that our people are resilient and agile in responding and adapting 

quickly to changes in these uncertain times. We have successfully launched SIA’s new Transformation 

chapter for this purpose, and will report on some of our achievements from this in next year’s report.

Connecting Lives, Communities and the Future

This year’s report continues with our theme of Timeless Connections. Beyond connecting cities 

and destinations as an airline, we connect lives, communities, and the future. These form the three 

sections in this year’s sustainability report, which will cover our seven material topics:

The Road Ahead

The future remains uncertain and the road 

to recovery from Covid-19 will be uneven. 

However, there is an undeniably strong 

momentum for change, and environmental, 

social and governance factors will become even 

more critical in the new normal. 

In the coming years, we will conduct a review 

of our material topics to recalibrate and gain 

a better understanding of how the pandemic 

has affected our business and operations. We 

will continue to persevere and advance our 

sustainability agenda and ambition, in the hope 

of building a better, greener, world for future 

generations.

We look forward to sharing more about these 

initiatives in next year’s report.

With regards,

Goh Choon Phong

Chief Executive Officer

Singapore Airlines

MESSAGE BY SINGAPORE AIRLINES CEO (CONTINUED)























Connecting Lives

•	 Governance

•	 Employees

•	 Safety

•	 Customer-focus

Connecting Communities

•	 Suppliers

•	 Shareholders

Connecting the Future

•	 Environment

Key contributions to the United Nations 

Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) were 

identified, based on our material topics. 

We continue to prioritise three of the 17 

goals, which are relevant to our Company’s 

sustainability strategy and long-term targets. 

These are:

•	 Goal 8: Promote sustained, inclusive and 

sustainable economic growth, full and 

productive employment and decent work 

for all

•	 Goal 12: Ensure sustainable consumption 

and production patterns

•	 Goal 13: Take urgent action to combat 

climate change and its impact

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

02





INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX




Sustainability reporting enables us to better communicate our management approach and performance of SIA’s material economic, environmental, social and governance topics with our stakeholders. It enables us to identify opportunities 

to better measure, monitor, and manage these sustainability topics across all levels of our organisation. We recognise the role we play in sustainable development, and endeavour to work closely with all stakeholders in enhancing and 

integrating sustainability across our value chain.

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 

Our report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core 

option. The GRI Standards are selected as they represent the global best 

practice for reporting on an organisation’s sustainability impacts. 

The following indicates an example of a tag that we have used throughout our 

report whenever a disclosure is made in line with a GRI Standard disclosure:

Our GRI Content Index, located on page 164, summarises the GRI Standards 

selected for reporting. It also directs readers to the appropriate references in 

this Sustainability Report and other publicly available resources published by 

SIA.

Singapore Exchange (SGX) Sustainability Reporting Listing Rules and Guide

Our report has been prepared in accordance with the five primary components 

set out by the SGX-ST Listing Rules 711B and takes reference from the SGX 

Sustainability Reporting Guide, which provides guidelines on component 

requirements and reporting rules.

Businesses should support and respect the protection of 

internationally proclaimed human rights.

Businesses should make sure that they are not complicit in human 

rights abuses.

Businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the 

effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining.

Businesses should uphold the elimination of all forms of forced 

and compulsory labour.

Businesses should uphold the effective abolition of child labour.

Businesses should uphold the elimination of discrimination in 

respect of employment and occupation.

Businesses should support a precautionary approach to 

environmental challenges.

Businesses should undertake initiatives to promote greater 

environmental responsibility.

Businesses should encourage the development and diffusion of 

environmentally friendly technologies.

Businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, 

including extortion and bribery.

End poverty in all its forms 

everywhere

Reduce inequality within and 

among countries

End hunger, achieve food security 

and improved nutrition and 

promote sustainable agriculture

Ensure healthy lives and promote 

well-being for all at all ages

Ensure inclusive and equitable quality 

education and promote lifelong 

learning opportunities for all

Achieve gender equality and 

empower all women and girls

Ensure availability and sustainable 

management of water and 

sanitation for all

Ensure access to affordable, 

reliable, sustainable and modern 

energy for all

Promote sustained, inclusive and 

sustainable economic growth, full 

and productive employment and 

decent work for all

Build resilient infrastructure, 

promote inclusive and sustainable 

industrialisation and foster innovation

Make cities and human 

settlements inclusive, safe, 

resilient and sustainable

Ensure sustainable consumption 

and production patterns

Take urgent action to combat 

climate change and its impacts

Conserve and sustainably use the 

oceans, seas and marine resources 

for sustainable development

Protect, restore and promote 

sustainable use of terrestrial 

ecosystems, sustainably manage 

forests, combat desertification, and 

halt and reverse land degradation 

and halt biodiversity loss

Promote peaceful and inclusive 

societies for sustainable development, 

provide access to justice for all and 

build effective, accountable and 

inclusive institutions at all levels

Strengthen the means of 

implementation and revitalise the 

global partnership for sustainable 

development

Reporting Framework and Initiatives

102-12

102-54

Tag Example

Tag

Icon

Icon

Principle

Goal

Goal

AAA-BB

GRI Standard number

GRI Disclosure number

United Nations (UN) Global Compact  

SIA is a signatory to the Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact. Our report 

serves as our Active Level Communication on Progress (COP), which details our 

actions to embed the Ten Principles into our business strategies and operations. 

The following indicates the tags that we have used throughout our report 

whenever a section aligns with a principle:

UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)

SIA supports the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and the 17 

SDGs, with a priority on SDGs                  . In our report, we mapped our 

key contributions to the SDGs through the management of our material 

sustainability topics.

The following indicates the icons that we have used throughout our report 

whenever a section aligns with an SDG:



PR-1

PR-4

PR-2

PR-5

PR-3

PR-6

PR-7

PR-9

PR-8

PR-10

8

12

13







This is the ninth Sustainability Report published by Singapore Airlines Limited and its subsidiaries. In 2013, we voluntarily published our 

first Sustainability Report. Since then, we have been committed to disclosing our sustainability information in a transparent and open manner.

ABOUT THE REPORT

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

03





INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


ABOUT THE REPORT (CONTINUED)



Reporting Period

The reporting period covers SIA’s financial year 2020/21 (FY2020/21) from 1 April 2020 to 31 March 

2021. Data and information from past reporting cycles have been included, where available. Our 

report is published on an annual basis, with our last report published in June 2020.

Reporting Scope 

The SIA Group’s business is organised and managed separately according to the nature of services 

provided. All sustainability data and information presented in our report relates to three of our 

reportable businesses – Singapore Airlines, SilkAir and Scoot – unless otherwise stated. Sustainability 

data and information relating to Singapore Airlines Engineering Company (SIAEC), our subsidiary, is 

disclosed separately in SIAEC’s Sustainability Report, which is published annually.

Reporting Quality

While SIA has not sought external assurance for our report, we have systems in place to assess the 

quality of data and information reported. Since our first Sustainability Report published in 2013, we 

have been working closely with external consultants to perform an annual gap analysis to continually 

improve the quality of the report.

102-50

102-2

102-45

102-51

102-52

Organisation

Description of Services

Coverage 

in this SR



Singapore Airlines provides passenger and cargo air 

transportation with a focus on the full-service passenger segment 

serving short to long-haul markets.

SIAEC is in the business of providing airframe maintenance and 

overhaul services, line maintenance, technical ground handling 

services and fleet management. It also manufactures aircraft 

cabin equipment, refurbishes aircraft galleys, provides technical 

and non-technical handling services such as the repair and 

overhaul of hydro-mechanical aircraft equipment.

SilkAir provides passenger air transportation with a focus on the 

full-service passenger segment serving regional markets.

Our report should be read in tandem with the SIA Annual Report FY2020/21 and SIAEC 

Sustainability Report FY2020/21 for a more comprehensive overview of the SIA Group’s 

sustainability performance.

Scoot provides passenger air transportation with a focus on the 

low-cost passenger segment.

Other services provided by the SIA Group, such as the 

training of pilots, air charters and tour wholesaling, have been 

aggregated under ‘Others’.

Others

In scope

Not in scope

102-56





Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

04





INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


Despite the pandemic, we have remained true to our commitment to make every journey personal. Due to the disruptions caused by the Covid-19 pandemic, we had to significantly scale back our global 

network, which includes the permanent suspension of services to several destinations. Regardless, we continued to seize opportunities to reinforce our position as a global leader in key markets during the 

year.

2   As at 31 March 2021, including destinations originally scheduled up to end-April 2020. For more information, please refer to the FY2020/21 SIA Annual Report.

3   Excludes six Boeing 737 MAX 8 aircraft that are currently not in service, and includes freighter aircraft.

4   Figure refers to the total number of unique destinations operated by the SIA Group (including Singapore). Includes destinations served by passenger and freighter aircraft, as at 31 March 2021.  

Our Mission Statement

Singapore Airlines is a global company 

dedicated to providing air transportation 

services of the highest quality and to 

maximising returns for the benefit of its 

shareholders and employees.

Our Principal Activities

Our principal activities consist of 

passenger and cargo air transportation, 

engineering services, training of pilots, 

air charters, as well as tour wholesaling 

and related activities.

Our Memberships

We are a member of Star Alliance, the International Air Transport Association (IATA), the Association of Asia Pacific Airlines (AAPA), 

the Sustainable Aviation Fuel Users Group (SAFUG), and the Singapore Institute of Directors (SID), among other groups. We are also 

represented in various committees and working groups as part of our membership in these groups.

Our Core Values

102-2

102-13

102-16

Customer-focus

Integrity

Teamwork

Excellence

Care

Safety

596,221

passengers carried

13.3 %

passenger load factor

21,721.2 mil

available seat-kilometres

168

fleet size3

2,890.6 mil

revenue passenger-kilometres

65

destinations4

FY2020/21 Numbers for the SIA Group2







The Singapore Airlines Group’s history dates back to 1947. Since its establishment, Singapore Airlines’ commitment to service excellence, 

product leadership, and network connectivity has distinguished it as a world-class international airline group.

ABOUT SINGAPORE AIRLINES

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

05





INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX










Destination

Airline

THE AMERICAS

Anchorage

Dallas / Fort Worth

Los Angeles

New York (John F. Kennedy)

San Francisco

EUROPE 

Amsterdam

Barcelona

Brussels

Copenhagen

Frankfurt

Istanbul

London

Milan

Moscow

Munich

Paris

Zurich

Destination

Airline

NORTH ASIA

Chongqing

Fukuoka 

Guangzhou

Hong Kong SAR

Nagoya 

Nanjing 

Osaka

Seoul

Shanghai

Shenzhen

Taipei

Tianjin

Tokyo (Haneda)

Tokyo (Narita)

Wuhan

Zhengzhou

Destination

Airline

SOUTH EAST ASIA

Bandar Seri Begawan

Bangkok (Suvarnabhumi)

Cebu

Hanoi

Ho Chi Minh City 

Ipoh

Jakarta 

Kuala Lumpur

Kuching

Manila

Medan

Penang

Phnom Penh

Phuket

Singapore

Surabaya

Yangon

Destination

Airline

SOUTH WEST PACIFIC

Adelaide

Auckland

Brisbane

Christchurch

Melbourne

Perth

Sydney 

WEST ASIA AND AFRICA

Colombo

Dhaka

Dubai

Johannesburg

Kathmandu

Male

Nairobi

Sharjah

Legend



Singapore Airlines 

(Passenger Aircraft)

Singapore Airlines  

(Freighter Aircraft)

SilkAir

Scoot



























47destinations

Singapore Airlines

5 destinations

SilkAir

18 destinations

Scoot

5 

Includes destinations served by passenger and freighter 

aircraft. Sixty destinations served by passenger aircraft 

and six destinations served by freighter aircraft. Figures 

do not include destinations we have temporarily stopped 

flying to due to the Covid-19 pandemic. 

As at 31 March 2021, the Singapore Airlines Group’s passenger and freighter network covers 65 destinations5.

102-2

102-4

102-6

102-7

ROUTE NETWORK

Details on our route network can be found 

on SIA and Scoot’s websites respectively. 

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

06





INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX




At the start of the Financial Year, as countries introduced travel restrictions and international air travel demand was curtailed, our passenger network had to be scaled back significantly. In March 2020, the 

Group announced that it would cut 96% of its capacity in response to the global shutdown of borders. In an effort to bring customers home, and to maintain essential connectivity to key markets for both 

passenger and cargo services, we continued to operate a skeletal network with services to 18 destinations.

Arising from a review of the SIA Group network, Singapore Airlines announced the suspension of services to Canberra, Dusseldorf, Stockholm, and Wellington in September 2020. SilkAir announced the 

suspension of services to Koh Samui in July 2020.

Despite resurgences in Covid-19 cases and prolonged border closures worldwide, the SIA Group was able to leverage the demand for bellyhold cargo space to grow our passenger network from 3% at the 

beginning of FY2020/21 to 23% of pre-Covid-19 levels6 by end-March 2021. This has allowed the Group to maintain group passenger network connectivity to 60 destinations, 44% of the Group’s pre-Covid-19 

route network.

The demand for air travel has seen a gradual improvement over the last 12 months. Capacity increases were also underpinned by continued strong demand for air cargo around the world, with freight space 

remaining constrained compared to pre-Covid-19 levels. 

As the SIA Group recovers from the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic, we will continue to adjust our services and rebuild our network. The SIA Group will continue to grow its passenger capacity and resume 

selected services in a safe and calibrated manner. This is partly driven by moves to ease restrictions on both transit and inbound passengers. 

The SIA Group began transitioning SilkAir’s narrow-body operations to Singapore Airlines, starting with services to Phuket on 4 Mach 2021. SilkAir will continue its journey as it fully integrates into SIA in 

FY2021/22. Nine of SilkAir’s Boeing 737-800 NG aircraft will progressively join the Singapore Airlines fleet with a freshly painted livery, newly upholstered seats. Customers will be able to enjoy SIA’s iconic 

service on regional routes as a result of the integration.

As of 31 March 2021, Singapore Airlines operated 245 weekly services to 47 destinations, with at least a daily flight to key cities including Jakarta, London, New York, Sydney and Tokyo. SilkAir operated 11 

weekly flights to five destinations, namely Cebu, Kathmandu, Kuala Lumpur, Medan and Singapore. Scoot operated 53 weekly flights to 18 destinations, mainly in the North Asia and South East Asia regions.







NETWORK CHANGES IN FY2020/21 102-10

6 

  As compared to the capacity in January 2020, before the onset of the Covid-19 pandemic.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

07





INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX








Our 168-strong8 fleet is one of the most modern and fuel-efficient in the world. 

FLEET INFORMATION7

102-2

102-7

Singapore Airlines remains committed to operating a modern and fuel-efficient fleet despite the challenges and disruption posed by the Covid-19 pandemic. 

In FY2020/21, following a review of the Airline’s longer-term network, SIA announced that 459 older-generation aircraft had been deemed surplus to fleet requirements. In addition, five of our leased Airbus 

A330-300 aircraft also left the Airline’s operating fleet during the year as their leases expired.

In February 2021, the SIA Group reached agreements with Airbus and Boeing to revise its aircraft delivery schedule to deliver some of the aircraft in our order books over a longer period, with the delivery 

stream spread out beyond the immediate five years. This will enable the SIA Group to defer our capital expenditure to later years and allow us to recalibrate the rate of introduction of capacity, following the 

disruption to the demand for air travel as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic.

In addition to spreading out our aircraft delivery stream, we were able to respond to changes in our projected long-term fleet needs beyond FY2025/26 with the conversion of 14 Boeing 787-10 aircraft orders 

into 11 Boeing 777-9 aircraft.



7 

Information is accurate as at 31 March 2021.

8 

Operating fleet excludes aircraft deemed surplus to fleet requirements and includes aircraft that were withdrawn from service for temporary storage due to significant capacity cuts arising from the Covid-19 pandemic.

9 

This includes four Boeing 777- 200/200ERs, four Boeing 777-300s, four Boeing 777-300ERs, eight Boeing 737-800NGs, seven Airbus A380s, nine Airbus A320s and two Airbus A319s. In addition, the Airline also decided that seven Boeing 777 aircraft that had been leased to NokScoot were surplus to requirements.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

08





INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


Singapore Airlines Group Fleet10







Singapore Airlines (Passenger Aircraft)















AVERAGE FLEET AGE

AIRBUS A330-300

AIRBUS A350-900

AIRBUS A380-800

BOEING 737-800 NG

BOEING 777-300/300ER

BOEING 737-8 MAX

BOEING 777-9

BOEING 787-10

5 years 1 month

3 in fleet

52 in fleet 12 on order

12 in fleet

8 in fleet 0 on order

23 in fleet

6 in fleet11 31 on order

31 on order

15 in fleet 13 on order

113 in fleet 87on order



10 

Ongoing operating fleet excludes aircraft deemed surplus to fleet requirements and includes aircraft that were withdrawn from service for temporary storage 

due to significant capacity cuts arising from the Covid-19 pandemic. 

11 

Not in service.

12 

Six 737-8 MAXs were temporarily withdrawn from service on 12 March 2019 till further notice.

FLEET INFORMATION (CONTINUED)









SilkAir 

AVERAGE FLEET AGE

BOEING 737-800 NG

5 years 6 months

1 in fleet

1 in fleet12 0 on order







The average age of the entire SIA Group operating fleet is five years and 10 months.







Scoot

AVERAGE FLEET AGE

AIRBUS A320

AIRBUS A320NEO

AIRBUS A321NEO

BOEING 787-8

BOEING 787-9

6 years 1 month

22 in fleet

5 in fleet 28 on order

16 on order

10 in fleet 3 on order

10 in fleet 4 on order

47 in fleet 51 on order







AVERAGE FLEET AGE

BOEING 747-400 FREIGHTER

17 years  4 months

7in fleet

7 in fleet 0 on order







Singapore Airlines (Freighter Aircraft)

Aircraft images courtesy of Yucca Studio and SPHM

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

09





INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX




SUSTAINABILITY JOURNEY





2009 - Pledges its support to IATA’s three 

climate goals and Four Pillar Strategy

2010 - Commits to rainforest preservation 

by supporting the Harapan Rainforest 

Initiative as the exclusive airline partner

2010 - Completes the world’s first multi-

sector demonstration green flight under 

the Asia and Pacific Initiative to Reduce 

Emissions (ASPIRE) programme



2001 – 2010, Pioneering Journey 

into Sustainability 

2001 - Publishes its first Environment Report 

FY2000/01 to communicate environmental 

initiatives and performance

2002 - One of the five airlines selected, and the 

only company from Singapore, to be included 

in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Indexes 

(DJSI World)

2002 - SIA’s Environment Report FY2001/02 wins 

the inaugural Singapore Environmental Reporting 

Award in 2002

2008 - SIA’s Environment Report FY2004/05 wins 

the Runner Up Best Environmental Report in the 

Association of Chartered Certified Accountants 

(ACCA) Singapore Environmental &amp; Social 

Reporting Awards 2005

2009 - SIA Cargo voted as the Best Green Service 

Provider Airline by readers of Cargo News Asia

2016 - Launches an Airbus A380 Charity Flight for 

more than 300 beneficiaries from the Community 

Chest of Singapore

2016 - Included in the SGX Sustainability Leaders 

Index, gaining recognition as a frontrunner in ESG 

standards

2016 -  Takes delivery of SIA’s first Airbus A350-900, 

one of the most fuel-efficient aircraft in its fleet

2017 - In partnership with the Civil Aviation 

Authority of Singapore, SIA operates a series 

of 12 green package flights over a three-month 

period from May on its non-stop San Francisco-

Singapore route

2017 - Introduces a ‘From Farm to Plane’ 

concept to promote environmental sustainability 

and support local farmers’ communities and 

collaborated with AeroFarms, the world’s largest 

indoor vertical farm of its kind based in the United 

States



2011 – 2020,  

Accelerating Sustainability in SIA

2011 - Joins the Sustainable Aviation Fuel Users 

Group (SAFUG)

2012- Implements the Suppliers’ Code of Conduct 

to promote sustainable development

2013 - SIA is the Official Airline for the Giant 

Panda collaborative programme between Wildlife 

Reserves Singapore and the China Wildlife 

Conservation Association, and helped transport 

the giant pandas Kai Kai and Jia Jia to Singapore 

on board an SIA Cargo Boeing 747-400 freighter 

from Chengdu, China

2015 - Publishes its first Sustainability Report 

in FY2012/13, ahead of SGX introducing 

sustainability reporting on a “comply or 

explain” basis in June 2016. A year later, SIA 

published its report in line with the GRI-G4 

reporting guidelines



2018 - Signs the United for Wildlife Transport 

Taskforce Buckingham Palace Declaration in 

support of efforts to prevent illegal trafficking and 

transportation of wildlife and their products

2018 - SIA aims to be entirely plastic straw-free on 

board our flights by September 2019, replacing 

them with environmentally-friendly paper straws

2018 - SIA is the first to fly the new Boeing 787-10 

Dreamliner, one of the most fuel-efficient aircraft 

in its fleet

2019 - Transforms its staff canteen to be an eco-

friendly canteen by eliminating styrofoam and 

installing an eco-digester to convert food waste 

and canteen waste into refuse derived fuel

2019 - Sets up the Sustainability Office 

to enhance its sustainability strategy and 

framework, and drive sustainability initiatives 

across the SIA Group



SIA boosts health and safety measures in light of the 

Covid-19 pandemic to enhance the customer journey

Awarded highest diamond rating in global airline health 

and safety audit

All three passenger airlines – SIA, SilkAir and Scoot – are 

among the first carriers in the world to operate flights 

with full complement of vaccinated pilots and crew

SIA and Temasek Foundation partners to support World 

Food Programme and the global Covid-19 response 

Launches its new short-haul Economy Class meal concept, 

an eco-friendly dining concept involving the use of Forest 

Stewardship Council (FSC)-certified paper and bamboo 

cutlery to reduce single-use plastics and conversion of tray 

items to refuse-derived fuel (RDF)

2020 – 2021 and beyond, Emerging 

Stronger and Contributing to a 

Sustainable Aviation Industry



Installs 20,000 solar panels generating 

10,2000 MWh of clean energy annually, 

equivalent to offsetting 4.3 million kg of 

CO2 emissions in a year

The SIA Group of airlines announces our 

commitment to achieve net zero carbon 

emissions by 2050 

Launches Singapore Airlines Group’s 

voluntary carbon offset programme 

for passengers, corporates and cargo 

customers



1990 – 2000, Building 

Awareness on Sustainability 

1992 - Sets up the Environment Unit under 

the Safety and Security department, and 

issues its first Environmental Statement

1993 - Pledges support to the Singapore 

Business Charter for Sustainable 

Development

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

10





INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX




Responding to the impact of the Covid-19 

outbreak has been our focus since the start of 

2020. Despite the uncertainty, we have stayed 

grounded to our roots, values, and vision, and 

have taken this opportunity to take a step back 

and reassess what sustainable development 

means to us. In April 2020, we set up an internal 

task force to respond to our stakeholder needs 

and spearhead plans to emerge stronger and 

more resilient post-Covid-19. More than ever, we 

recognise that our stakeholders are a part of our 

shared journey.

OUR COVID-19 RESPONSE 

AND ENGAGEMENT 102-10













EMPLOYEES

CUSTOMERS

The health and safety of our employees and our relationship 

with them matters deeply to us. We desire to retain our 

talents, and work with them to establish mutually-reinforcing 

support systems that can ensure our long-term sustainability.

We are using this time to equip our employees with new 

skills and knowledge that will be required in the future 

economy. They are also provided with opportunities to give 

back to the community, or to try out new experiences such  

as being a Care or Transport Ambassador.

Our top priority is the health and safety of our customers. 

We introduced a slew of health and safety measures, and 

continued to make adjustments to our operations based on 

the evolving situation.

DEDICATED EMPLOYEE SUPPORT 

PORTAL (ESP)

Launched the ESP, which provided  

Covid-19-related resources on job support 

programes, financial and income tax relief 

channels, Enrichment Day, mental wellness, 

vaccination exercise and more.

PILOT OF THE IATA TRAVEL  

PASS APP

SIA was the world’s first airline to pilot 

the IATA Travel Pass mobile application 

for digital health verification. The mobile 

application allows passengers to view 

Covid-19 testing and entry requirements, 

check flight status, and securely store and 

present their Covid-19 test results and 

vaccination status.

RATIONALISATION MEASURES 

AND JOB SUPPORT PROGRAMME

Supported affected employees, including 

facilitating alternative employment 

placements. 

#SIACARES INITIATIVES

Introduced the #SIAcares initiatives to 

protect the well-being of our customers, 

giving them more assurance and 

confidence as they travel with us.

ENHANCED TRAINING SUPPORT 

PACKAGE (ETSP) COURSES

Offered cabin crew a suite of ETSP 

courses focusing on three main 

aspects: Macro Environment, Onboard 

Environment, and Deep Skilling.

KEEPING OUR CUSTOMERS 

INFORMED

Introduced a Covid-19 Information Centre 

on the SIA website to provide customers 

with one-stop access to Covid-19-related 

content. Similarly, Scoot has a dedicated 

Covid-19 travel information page on its 

website.





COV-19

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

11





INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


















GOVERNMENTS

SUPPLIERS AND PARTNERS 

We remain steadfast in supporting the measures by 

the governments around the world, and continue 

to be compliant with the border controls and travel 

restrictions.

We adopt a coordinated approach with the Singapore 

government, and continue to play a crucial role in efforts 

to keep the country’s airfreight supply lines for essential 

goods open. Above all, we do our best to connect 

people with their loved ones around the world. 

The Covid-19 outbreak has had an unprecedented impact 

on the global supply chain, and is the greatest challenge 

in aviation history. We strive to maintain collaborative 

relationships with our suppliers and business partners to 

respond swiftly to our shared challenges.

Going forward, we recognise the increasing role we must 

play to enable the continuous flow of essential goods 

around the world. We endeavour to maximise the use of 

our freighter fleet, and schedule cargo-only passenger 

flights and ad-hoc charter flights where opportunities arise.

GOVERNMENT SUPPORT

Wage support through Jobs Support Scheme, cost reliefs for rents, rebates 

on landing and parking charges.

WORKING WITH AIRCRAFT MANUFACTURERS

Reached agreements with Airbus and Boeing to revise our aircraft delivery 

schedule, allowing us time to recalibrate and re-establish our capacity.

COVID-19 VACCINE CARRIAGE

Supported the transportation and safe delivery of the first shipments of 

Covid-19 vaccines to Singapore, Australia, Indonesia and New Zealand.

PREPARING FOR RESTART

Implemented a suite of measures to ensure that we are ready to restart our 

operations smoothly as air travel improves and our network is being rebuilt.

REPATRIATION CHARTERS

Arranged repatriation charters to various countries to bring Singapore 

residents and other customers back to their homes.

CARGO-ONLY PASSENGER FLIGHTS

Maintained an effective airfreight network to enable the flow of essential 

goods and medical supplies globally.

OUR COVID-19 RESPONSE AND ENGAGEMENT (CONTINUED)



Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

12





INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


OUR COVID-19 RESPONSE AND ENGAGEMENT (CONTINUED)



















COMMUNITIES

SHAREHOLDERS 

Since our humble beginnings, we have fostered strong 

bonds and inculcated a sense of responsibility towards 

the communities we serve. 

We continued to provide support to global communities 

through our volunteering efforts, as well as the 

transportation of Covid-19 vaccines and essential 

supplies to multiple destinations around the world.

Our shareholders are important to us. We continue 

to engage them, address their concerns, and provide 

timely disclosures. Decisive steps are taken to keep our 

strategic priorities intact.

We have also commenced on an agile plan to restart 

our operations, which will enable us to ramp up our 

services when air travel eventually recovers. The way 

we collectively respond to this crisis will greatly shape 

our long-term sustainability and boost our capability for 

sustainable value creation.

TEMASEK FOUNDATION (TF) AND UNITED NATIONS WORLD 

FOOD PROGRAMME (UN WFP) PARTNERSHIP

Partnered with TF and UN WFP to help transport essential medical supplies and 

other health and humanitarian items by air to points of need around the world.

MAINTAIN STRONG LIQUIDITY AND CASH RESERVES

Implemented cost management steps to conserve cash, and build up our 

liquidity through various fundraising measures.

TRANSPORTATION OF ESSENTIAL SUPPLIES 

Participated in international programmes such as the Australian 

government’s International Freight Assistance Mechanism (IFAM) and the 

Singapore-New Zealand Airfreight Partnership (SNAP) to support the air 

transport of chilled meat and fresh produce, among other products.

STRENGTHEN REVENUE-GENERATING CAPABILITIES 

Expanded revenue generating business lines such as cargo-only passenger 

flights, our freighter network and capacity. Explored new revenue generating 

businesses such as Kris+, Pelago and the Singapore Airlines Academy.

COMMUNITY CONTRIBUTIONS TO SINGAPORE

Implemented various community development projects and charity events 

such as SG Cares Giving Week, #FeedtheCity initiative, and Ruck-on! 

Singapore to provide support to the needy during this challenging period.

OUR CARE AND TRANSPORT AMBASSADORS

Supported Singapore’s healthcare and transport sectors’ frontline efforts, 

with hundreds of our cabin crew members volunteering for the roles of 

Care and Transport Ambassadors.

TRANSFORMATION PROGRAMME

Launched SIA’s new Transformation chapter, which will bolster SIA’s resilience 

and agility in the post-Covid-19 world.  

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

13





INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX








SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE

102-14

102-19

102-26

102-18

102-20

102-31

102-32

We have a long-standing commitment in the continual integration of sustainability into every aspect of our business. 

To achieve our sustainability goals, clear 

lines of accountability are important 

to enable us to make effective and 

meaningful decisions. 















Board of 

Directors

Management 

Committee

Sustainability Steering Committee

The Sustainability Steering Committee (SSC), which 

comprises divisional Senior Vice Presidents directly 

involved in sustainability matters in SIA, spearheads SIA’s 

sustainability pursuits. The SSC reports to the MC on all 

sustainability-related matters.

Sustainability Strategic Working Committee

The Sustainability Strategic Working Committee (SSWC), a cross-functional team 

represented by various business units, drives SIA’s sustainability strategies and iniatives

The Board Customer Experience, Technology and Sustainability Committee (CETSC) 

oversees sustainability and provides advice and guidance on sustainability management 

through the development of a strategic roadmap for environmental, social and governance 

(ESG) topics. In addition, sustainability risks (climate-related, safety, etc.) are part of the 

enterprise risk management framework that is overseen by the Board Safety and Risk 

Committee (BSRC).

The CEO, assisted by the Management Committee (MC), makes strategic 

proposals to the Board and oversees the execution of the Board’s decisions, 

with direct oversight of the Sustainability Office. The CEO oversees the 

execution of the Company’s corporate and business strategies and policies, 

and the conduct of its business, ensuring that sustainability is driven across 

the company.

Sustainability Office

The Sustainability Office (SO), led by Vice President 

Sustainability, was set up in December 2019. It is involved 

in policy planning and the coordination of Company-wide 

sustainability efforts, and engages both partners and 

suppliers in these efforts. SO also acts as the secretariat 

for the SSC and the SSWC.









BOARD STATEMENT

The Board recognises 

the importance of 

sustainability. It steers 

the Management 

Committee in ensuring 

that SIA’s long-term value 

creation is achieved with 

environmental, social 

and governance factors 

as guiding principles at 

all times. Sustainability 

is an integral part of 

SIA’s operations and will 

be anchored across all 

levels of the organisation. 

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

14

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

APPENDIX


SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH (CONTINUED)



Sustainability Policy

Singapore Airlines is dedicated to providing air transportation services of the highest quality to the world. We take a long-term approach 

in the responsible development of our air transportation and related businesses and have programmes in place to ensure that sustainable 

practices are implemented across the Company by considering material environmental, social and governance topics. 

The following are key elements of our sustainability strategy:

Upholding Safety

•	 Safety	is	an	essential	part	of	our	operations	and	we	constantly	strive	to	improve	safety	practices.

Managing Environmental Impact

•	 We	are	committed	to	environmental	sustainability	and	ensure	that	our	operations	are	carried	out	in	a	responsible	manner	through	a	

framework	to	mitigate	climate	risks,	prevent	pollution,	ensure	sustainable	use	of	energy	and	resource,	and	conservation	of	biodiversity. 

Supporting our Communities

•	 We	practise	good	corporate	citizenship,	and	contribute	to	and	invest	in	the	communities	in	which	we	operate.

Engaging our Stakeholders

•	 Customers	-	We	are	committed	to	offering	our	customers	the	best	travel	experience	through	leadership	in	product	and	service	

innovation,	our	modern	fleet	and	extensive	network.

•	 Employees	-	We	value	our	employees	and	care	for	their	safety,	well-being	and	career	development	while	also	expecting	them	to	

adhere	to	a	high	standard	of	ethical	behaviour,	as	laid	out	in	our	Code	of	Conduct.	

•	 Shareholders	-	We	strive	to	maximise	returns	for	long-term	profitability,	with	the	aim	of	creating	sustainable	shareholder	value.

•	 Suppliers	-	We	treat	our	suppliers	with	respect	and	emphasise	fairness	in	our	relationships	with	them.	The	SIA’s	Supplier’s	Code	of	

Conduct	sets	a	comprehensive	framework	that	our	suppliers	are	required	to	adhere	to.

Materiality 102-15

102-42 102-46



We identify and prioritise the sustainability topics 

that matter most to SIA and our stakeholders. 

Our activities and relationships with other entities across our value 

chain will impact our stakeholders and the environment. In 2013, 

we conducted our inaugural Materiality Assessment covering SIA’s 

operations in Singapore to assess our significant sustainability 

impact, including the concerns and expectations of our key 

stakeholders. Moving forward, we plan to progressively expand the 

coverage of the Materiality Assessment to include the operations 

of our subsidiaries, to reflect a more comprehensive picture of the 

Group’s sustainability risks and opportunities. 

Our material sustainability topics were last reviewed in 2017 for 

its continued relevance and were endorsed by SIA’s Management 

Committee and the Board. The seven material sustainability topics 

are summarised in the following section.



15

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

APPENDIX

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21


SUSTAINABILITY AMBITION

102-12

102-47

102-44

We believe in sustaining a great world to fly. To do that, we have set ambitions that will help us chart a flight path towards 

global sustainable development.

Material Topic

Governance

Employees

Safety

Customer-focus

Suppliers

Shareholders

Ambition

Supporting the UN SDGs Through the Management of Our Material Topics

Environment

We seek to maintain high standards of corporate governance, 

professionalism, integrity and commitment at all levels, underpinned by 

strong internal controls and risk management systems.

We value our employees and care for their well-being and development.

We strive to improve our safety practices, as well as inculcate a strong and 

positive safety culture within the organisation.

We endeavour to offer customers the best travel experience through 

service excellence and proactive customer engagement.

We treat suppliers with respect, emphasise fairness in our relationships, and 

work towards sustainable business practices.

We seek to maximise returns for long-term profitability, with the aim of 

creating sustainable shareholder value.

We remain committed to environmental sustainability and for our 

operations to be carried out responsibly in support of industry goals.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

16

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

APPENDIX




TIMELESS CONNECTIONS

We have come a long way from our humble beginnings

And built a brand recognised the world over for its timeless quality

As we grow, we asked ourselves what it will take to remain timeless

We realise it must begin with sustaining our precious connections

With people, with the world, with nature

These connections chart a course towards sustainable development

Empowering us to brave through headwinds

And remain true to the reasons for our existence



CONNECTING LIVES

The lives of our customers, their loved ones,  

and our employees

Making every flight and every workplace  

a home away from home

Where they can rest in comfort knowing we are 

doing all we can to make it safe

We build and sustain our connections with people

Because we believe our journey with them  

never ends

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

Forging meaningful, stronger relationships 

with our stakeholders

From our partners to the investing community, 

aviation communities and those we serve

Where we weave Singapore’s social fabric with 

a global shared heritage

We sustain our connections with the world

Because we believe in flying the extra mile, 

with a higher purpose

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

Implementing solutions to reduce our 

environmental footprint

Doing all we can to future-proof the 

wonders of travel

For the adventurers of tomorrow and 

generations to come

We sustain our connections with nature

Because we believe in conserving our planet 

and the destinations we serve

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

17

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

APPENDIX

17

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21




CONNECTING 

LIVES

The lives of our customers, their 

loved ones, and our employees 

Making every flight and every 

workplace a home away from home

Where they can rest knowing we are 

doing all we can to make it safe

We build and sustain our 

connections with people

Because we believe our journey  

with them never ends

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

18





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX










We are committed to enhancing 

long-term value for our stakeholders 

by maintaining high standards 

of corporate governance across 

all levels of our organisation, 

underpinned by strong leadership 

and a robust approach to risk 

management. Good governance 

enables us to ensure that the right 

resources are allocated judiciously to 

strengthen business resilience and 

ensure sustainable growth.

GOVERNANCE 103-1

103-2

103-3

LEADERSHIP

RISK MANAGEMENT

VALUES AND  

PRINCIPLES

COMPLIANCE

Engagement Mode

Frequency

Board Meetings, Board Committee 

Meetings (CETSC, BSRC, etc.)

Quarterly/As required

Strategy Sessions

Regular

Audits and Assessments

Regular

Training Programmes  

(Anti-corruption, etc.)

As required

Crisis Management Exercise

Yearly

Publications (Bulletins,  

Circulars, Magazines, Newsletters, 

Notices, etc.)

Regular

External, Statutory and Regulatory 

Communications

Regular

Orientation Programmes

Regular

Employee Portals

Regular

Whistleblowing Channel

As required

Meetings (Briefings, Dialogues, 

Forums, Townhalls, etc.)

Regular

Key Engagement Activities

Key Policies, Processes and Systems13

OUR MANAGEMENT APPROACH

• 

Anti-corruption/Anti-bribery Policy and Procedures

• 

Anti-modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement

• 

Conflict of Interest Policy

• 

Risk Management Framework

• 

Staff Regulations

• 

Suppliers’ Code of Conduct

• 

Whistleblowing Policy

SIA’s Ambitions

Supporting the UN SDGs

We seek to maintain high standards of corporate 

governance, professionalism, integrity, and commitment at 

all levels, underpinned by strong internal controls and risk 

management systems.

Target

Due

Status

At least 95% of our 

employees14 to complete the 

anti-corruption web-based 

training by the due date, 

annually

Yearly

Achieved

FY2020/21 in Numbers

97.7%

of employees completed 

the anti-corruption 

training15

0

incidents of corruption 

involving employees or 

business partners

0

significant fines or  

non-monetary sanctions 

for non-compliance with 

environmental, health and 

safety laws and regulations

19





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX

13 

Please refer to pages 70 to 89 of FY2020/21 SIA Annual Report.

14 

Our target excludes line pilots and cabin crew, as they do not need to enter into transactions on behalf of the Company in the ordinary course of their work. 

15 

Number of employees completing anti-corruption training only covers SIA and SilkAir’s global operations. Please refer to the Appendix for details on reporting boundaries.


Board of Directors 102-22

102-23

102-26

The Board oversees the business performance and affairs of the Company and provides general guidance to management. Its principal functions include charting the Group’s strategic direction, guiding 

the management team on digitalisation, technology and innovation, reviewing and approving annual budgets, financial plans, and monitoring the Group’s performance, approving major acquisitions 

and fundraising exercises, as well as ensuring the Group’s compliance with all laws and regulations as may be relevant to the business. The Board recognises the importance of sustainability. It steers the 

Management Committee in ensuring SIA’s long-term value creation is achieved with environmental, social and governance factors as guiding principles at all times. 

Our Directors come from diverse backgrounds, bringing strong and varied expertise across the fields of business, finance, legal, management and marketing, as well as environmental and social topics.  

Our independent directors Ms Goh Swee Chen and Mr Gautam Banerjee also serve as President of the Global Compact Network Singapore, and Chairman of the Singapore Centre for Social Enterprise Ltd 

(raiSE), respectively.

Further information on our Board of Directors, Board Committees, and policies to ensure Board diversity and independence are available on pages 72 to 95 of the FY2020/21 SIA Annual Report. 







The SIA Board of Directors and Management Committee play a crucial role in furthering SIA’s sustainability agenda.  

They drive conversations around the things we can and must do to contribute to sustainable development.

LEADERSHIP

Name of Director

Position Held  

on the Board

Nature of Appointment

Date of First Appointment to 

the Board

Date of Last  

Re-election as Director

Mr	Peter	Seah	Lim	Huat

Chairman

Non-executive	/	Independent

1	September	2015

29	July	2019

Mr	Goh	Choon	Phong

Director

Executive	/	Non-independent

1	October	2010

27	July	2020

Mr	Gautam	Banerjee

Director

Non-executive	/	Independent

1	January	2013

27	July	2018

Mr	Simon	Cheong	Sae	Peng

Director

Non-executive	/	Independent

1	June	2017

27	July	2020

Mr	Dominic	Ho	Chiu	Fai

Director

Non-executive	/	Independent

1	May	2017

29	July	2019

Mr	Hsieh	Tsun-yan

Director

Non-executive	/	Independent

1	September	2012

27	July	2020

Mr	Lee	Kim	Shin

Director

Non-executive	/	Independent

1	September	2016

29	July	2019

Mr	David	John	Gledhill

Director

Non-executive	/	Independent

1	September	2018

29	July	2019

Ms	Goh	Swee	Chen

Director

Non-executive	/	Independent

1	January	2019

29	July	2019

Ms	Jeanette	Wong	Kai	Yuan

Director

Non-executive	/	Independent

1	June	2021

Not	Applicable

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

20





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


LEADERSHIP (CONTINUED)

Communicating With Our Stakeholders 

We value our relationships with our stakeholders and remain committed to strengthening trust with the investing community. SIA ensures that pertinent 

and price-sensitive information such as financial results are shared in a timely manner so as to facilitate transparency and trust. We publish such 

information on our various communications platforms. These include Singapore Exchange Ltd (SGXNet), which hosts our disclosures, as well as our 

website, which hosts our quarterly business updates, news releases, monthly operating statistics, annual reports, sustainability reports, and other key facts 

and figures about the Company. 

In addition to annual general meetings and extraordinary general meetings to engage with our shareholders, we hold analyst and media briefings 

following our half-yearly and full-year results. A full transcript or the webcast of such proceedings is made available on SGXNet and SIA’s website the 

next working day after the analyst and media briefing. Due to physical meeting restrictions as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic, the analyst and media 

briefings for the half-year and full-year FY2020/21 results were held virtually.

The Investor Relations department also meets with analysts and investors on a regular basis through investor conferences and roadshows, post-results 

luncheons, as well as ad hoc meetings and teleconferences. A dedicated investor relations email address (investor_relations@singaporeair.com.sg) and 

hotline (+65 6541 4885) are maintained for the investing community to reach out to the Company for queries.









SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX

21

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21


Every opportunity includes potential risks 

that could adversely impact the business and 

its finances. Therefore, effectively managing 

these risks is as important as seizing 

opportunities to grow the business. 

As a publicly listed company, we need 

to manage our finances and assets 

responsibly to ensure that the interests 

of our stakeholders are well protected. 

To this end, SIA has a formalised Risk 

Management Framework, which encompasses 

our governance, reporting structure, risk 

assessment process, as well as a set of 

risk management principles, policies and 

guidelines. This framework is complemented 

by activities that run throughout the year 

and involves all levels of staff and the SIA 

Board. This ensures that a sound system is 

in place to manage risks, and that controls 

are implemented, regularly reviewed, and 

validated for their continued effectiveness 

and relevance in the prevailing operating 

environment.

With the unprecedented impact of the 

Covid-19 pandemic on the world and the 

aviation industry, it is critical that risk controls 

and Business Continuity Plans (BCP) are 

reviewed and validated regularly. FY2020/21 

was largely dedicated to this aspect of risk 

management. Enhanced processes and 

systems have been put in place to strengthen 

the SIA Group’s operational resilience and our 

ability to adapt to the evolving risk landscape.

More information on SIA’s Board of Directors, 

Board Committees, Risk Management 

Committee and Risk Management Functions 

can be found on our website. 

We want to instil a culture of risk-awareness 

in the organisation, where risks are managed 

proactively at all levels. To achieve this, 

our Risk Management (RM) department 

dedicates resources to reach out to all levels of 

employees through targeted communications 

and engagement activities, including the 

review of risks on an on-going basis on top 

of the annual Group-wide Risk Management 

Review Exercise. Continual training is another 

key element to equip our employees with the 

relevant knowledge and the right mindset to 

manage risks. The RM department developed 

an interactive web-based training module, 

which is mandatory for all ground employees 

to complete once every two years. BCPs 

are also tested regularly and independently 

verified to assess employees’ readiness in 

responding to disruption scenarios in key 

operational functions. Furthermore, the 

RM department proactively identifies and 

facilitates opportunities for collaboration 

across different functions and across the SIA 

Group of companies, including joint reviews 

of risks and integrated tests of BCPs for 

risk events that have extensive and multi-

disciplinary impact.







Identifying, managing, and responding to risks while capitalising on potential opportunities allows us to remain agile and make 

informed decisions to achieve our strategic objectives. 

RISK MANAGEMENT

GROUP RISK GOVERNANCE AND REPORTING STRUCTURE















Occupational 

Safety and Health 

Committee (OSH)

SIA Board

SIA Board Safety and  

Risk Committee (BSRC)

SIA Group Risk and Compliance 

Management Committee (GRCMC)

Air Safety

Committee

(ASC)

Other Subsidiaries

Company Risk

Management

Committee

or Equivalent

SIA Risk  

and Compliance 

Mangement 

Committee 

(RCMC)

RISK MANAGEMENT

102-30

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

22





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


Crisis Management

Prudent crisis management enables SIA to manage major threats to our business through a coordinated and professional response. 

Our Crisis Management Manual (CMM) sets out the procedures that guide our crisis response. It contains processes for our 

functional groups, and broadly describes the policies and procedures that enable our head office and station crisis appointment 

holders to manage a crisis globally. The manual has been prepared in accordance with the CAAS Air Navigation Regulations (ANR), 

family assistance laws, and regulations governing aviation accidents.

RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)











We remain vigilant against the 

ever-evolving global landscape. 

In FY2020/21, we swiftly activated 

our business continuity plans to 

manage the challenges arising 

from the Covid-19 pandemic. 

Measures were taken across the 

Company to ensure the health 

and safety of all stakeholders, 

as well as operational and 

economic resilience. 



Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

23





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX










Our values and principles guide 

us in the way we work with our 

stakeholders and how we conduct 

ourselves in the things that we do.

Supporting the Ten Principles of the 

United Nations Global Compact

SIA has been a signatory to the Ten Principles of the UN 

Global Compact since 2018. We believe in building a 

responsible business, one which operates in ways that 

meet the fundamental responsibilities in the areas of 

human rights, labour, environment and anti-corruption. 

We align our corporate strategies, policies and 

procedures with the Ten Principles and strive to uphold 

our responsibilities to people and planet. 

VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 102-16







Employee Code of Conduct

Our	Employee	Code	of	Conduct	outlines	our	

expectations	and	compliance	required	for	our	

employees	in	their	handling	and	engagements	

with	each	other	and	the	organisation.	

This	is	to	ensure	that	we	foster	a	well-

organised,	respectful	and	collaborative	work	

environment.	All	employees	are	expected	to	

adhere	to	our	staff	regulations	that	cover	areas	

such	as	harassment,	non-discrimination,	anti-

corruption,	personal	conduct,	and	discipline,	

amongst	others.	These	staff	regulations	are	

published	on	our	corporate	intranet	and	are	

appended	to	all	letters	of	offer	to	new	hires,	

who	are	expected	to	read	and	acknowledge	

the	contents	during	their	onboarding	

process.	We	have	an	established	Disciplinary	

Inquiry	Process	to	handle	cases	where	an	

employee	is	found	to	have	breached	the	staff	

regulations.	Our	staff	regulations	are	also	

reviewed	regularly	by	our	Human	Resources	

and	Legal	departments	to	ensure	continued	

relevance,	and	changes	are	communicated	

to	all	employees	in	a	timely	manner	for	

compliance.	Grievance	handling	protocols	and	

processes	for	employees	are	also	detailed	in	

our	Collective	Agreements	with	unions.	













EXCELLENCE

We strive to be the  

best we can be.  

Every time.

INTEGRITY

We go out of our way to 

do the right thing.  

Every time.

CARE

We care for our people  

and community.  

Every time.

CUSTOMER-FOCUS

We understand our guests 

so we can truly delight them. 

Every time.

SAFETY

We put safety at the core 

of everything we do. 

Every time.

TEAMWORK

We work as one team  

to achieve our goals.  

Every time.

Our approach to ensuring ethical business conduct 

internally and along our supply chain is enforced 

through our policies, including our anti-bribery 

policy, whistleblowing policy, and conflict of 

interest policy. We expect the highest standards of 

integrity from our employees, business partners, 

suppliers, contractors and agents, and list our 

commitment and whistleblowing channels on our 

website. Our suppliers are required to include SIA’s 

Suppliers’ Code of Conduct16 in our contracts, 

unless a waiver is granted after a review is 

conducted by the Sustainability Office.

CORE VALUES 

Corporate sustainability begins with our core values. We also take a future-fit, 

principles-based approach in the conduct of our business. 

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

24





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX

16 

Please refer to page 87 for more information on the Suppliers’ Code of Conduct.






VALUES AND PRINCIPLES (CONTINUED)

Anti-corruption

The SIA Group has a zero-tolerance stance on corruption in all forms. Incidents of corruption can cause serious damage not only to 

our organisation and our stakeholders, but also the communities in which we operate. It has a potentially crippling effect on global 

sustainable development efforts, which further underscores the importance of SIA working with stakeholders throughout our value 

chain to drive anti-corruption efforts. In FY2020/21, there were zero confirmed incidents of corruption involving our employees or 

business partners. There were also no legal cases of corruption brought against SIA, SilkAir and Scoot.

Employees undergo a mandatory anti-corruption web-based training annually and are assessed on their knowledge and 

understanding at the end of the course. In FY2020/21, we achieved our annual target of at least 95% of our ground employees 

completing the anti-corruption training by the due date17. Of the 5,337 SIA and SilkAir ground employees required to complete the 

anti-corruption training, a total of 5,213 (97.7%) employees completed it.

0

cases of corruption 

brought against the 

Company

97.7%

of ground employees

completed the

anti-corruption

training

205-2

205-3

PR-10

17 

Our target excludes line pilots and cabin crew, as they do not need to enter into transactions on behalf of the Company in the ordinary course of their work. 

18 

Number of employees completing anti-corruption training only covers SIA and SilkAir’s global operations. Please refer to the Appendix for details on reporting boundaries.

Total employees required to complete

% of employees completed

Total employees completed







FY2019/20

FY2020/21











 In FY2020/21, we achieved our annual 

target of at least 95% of our ground 

employees completing the anti-corruption 

training by the due date.

5,494

5,337

5,213

Completion of Anti-corruption Training18

95.8%

97.7%



5,263

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX

25


Completion of Anti-corruption Training, by Employee Type and Region19

VALUES AND PRINCIPLES (CONTINUED)

FY2020/21

Non-management

Management20

Total

Total employees required to complete, by employee type

4,897

440

5,337

Total employees completed, by employee type and region

4,778 (97.6%)

435 (98.9%)

5,213 (97.7%)

Singapore (Head Office)

2,203

336

2,539

The Americas

124

13

137

Europe

458

29

487

North Asia

597

13

610

South East Asia

699

20

719

South West Pacific

332

15

347

West Asia and Africa

365

9

374

FY2019/20

Non-management

Management20

Total

Total employees required to complete, by employee type

5,046

448

5,494

Total employees completed, by employee type and region

4,835 (95.8%)

428 (95.5%)

5,263 (95.8%)

Singapore (Head Office)

2,608

347

2,955

The Americas

144

10

154

Europe

429

28

457

North Asia

583

13

596

South East Asia

474

10

484

South West Pacific

347

11

358

West Asia and Africa

250

9

259

19 

Number of employees completing anti-corruption training only covers SIA and SilkAir’s global operations. Please refer to the Appendix for details on reporting boundaries.

20 

Management refers to those who are holding managerial positions and above, and management pilots. 



Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

26





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX




VALUES AND PRINCIPLES (CONTINUED)

Conflict of Interest

Our policy on conflict of interest requires employees in a conflict of interest situation, or in one which could potentially 

lead to a conflict of interest, to report the matter immediately. The policy also requires all employees to make a 

declaration of all actual and potential conflict of interest situations to the Human Resources Division annually.

Anti-modern Slavery and Human Trafficking

At SIA, we do not condone any form of slavery and human trafficking. We remain committed to combating these risks 

in our value chain. Our suppliers are selected on the basis of their commitment to our principles and are required to 

comply with local labour standards as set out in our Suppliers’ Code of Conduct. Those found to be in breach of this 

code of conduct risk having their supplier contracts terminated.

We also recognise the important role we play in preventing human trafficking as there is a risk that our airline services 

could be used by human traffickers. We work closely with governments, national law enforcement agencies and 

airports in the countries and territories we operate in to ensure that all suspected trafficking on our flights are reported 

and dealt with appropriately. We are committed to sharing best practices with our peers through IATA’s platforms 

and believe in the importance of investing resources to train our employees so they can assess and report suspicious 

behaviour. The full Anti-modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement was updated in FY2020/21 to take into 

account the Australian anti-modern slavery laws, and is available on our website.

Grievance Mechanism

We have channels for all internal and external stakeholders to raise concerns about possible improprieties in confidence. 

Our whistleblowing programme, Policy on Reporting Wrongdoing, is communicated to our employees through 

our corporate intranet, staff regulations and a mandatory web-based training module. Under the whistleblowing 

programme, all staff including Management are responsible for reporting any suspected wrongdoing. External 

stakeholders may report suspected matters of wrongdoing affecting the Company through the channels listed on our 

website, which include our email at ethics_hotline@singaporeair.com.sg or telephone at +65 9387 5667. The Audit 

Committee continuously reviews the whistleblowing programme to ensure that it is adequate. All whistle blower reports 

on suspected wrongdoings are reviewed by the Audit Committee at its quarterly meetings to ensure independent 

investigation and adequate resolution.

PR-1

PR-2

PR-4

PR-5

102-17

We seek to do our utmost to conduct our 

business in a manner that is just and responsible 

to the society and the environment.

COMPLIANCE

Being compliant with the laws and regulations that govern us 

helps to foster trust and better relationships with our stakeholders. 

In FY2020/21, there were no significant fines21 or non-monetary 

sanctions for non-compliance with environmental, health and 

safety laws and regulations. 





307-1 

 416-2 

21 

Significant fines refer to those above USD10,000.



0

significant fines or non-monetary 

sanctions for non-compliance 

with environmental, health and 

safety laws and regulations

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

27





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX










Our success as one of the world’s 

leading airlines is a result of the passion 

and commitment of our employees.  

We recognise that attracting and 

retaining talents is essential to building 

a resilient and thriving organisation.  

We invest heavily in our employees 

to keep them motivated and provide 

them with ample opportunities 

for personal and professional 

development. We believe we can soar 

to greater heights by working together.

EMPLOYEES

103-1

103-2

103-3

Key Engagement Activities

Key Policies, Processes and Systems

OUR MANAGEMENT APPROACH

• 

Collective Agreements 

• 

Broader HR policies and guidelines governing Workforce 

Planning, Talent Acquisition and Staffing, Total Reward, Talent 

and Performance Management, Global Mobility, as well as 

Learning and Development

• 

Code of Conduct and Staff Regulations

• 

Policy on Harassment and Grievance Handling Process and Protocols

• 

Safe Management Measures and Workplace Protocols

SIA’s Ambitions

We strive to be an employer of choice that:

• 

Enables and develops our employees to their fullest potential 

to achieve a highly performing and productive workforce that is 

future ready. 

• 

Facilitates a work environment that is safe, flexible, nurturing 

and caters to individual needs and aspirations, including 

opportunities to contribute back to our communities through 

volunteer programmes.  

• 

Provides our employees with an enriching experience in their 

journey with us. 

FY2020/21 in Numbers

CEO Goh Choon Phong awarded the 

Medal of Commendation

by NTUC, for his contribution toward building 

good Labour-Management relationships

23,603

employees in 

the SIA Group22

90.3%

Overall return 

to work rate of 

employees who 

took parental 

leave

1:1

gender ratio 

(male:female) 

of employees

S$22.4 mil

Investment in  

learning and 

development of  

employees



Engagement Mode

Frequency

Chill Out with CEO Sessions

Quarterly

Senior Management Webinars, 

Divisional Townhalls, Engagement 

Sessions

Regular

Engagement with Union Leadership

Monthly

Safety and Security Week, CEO 

Transforming Customer Service 

Awards, Staff-Ideas-In-Action Awards

Yearly

Community Service Activities

Regular

Extracurricular Activities (Arts, Health 

and Wellness, Sports and Recreation, 

Social Functions)

Regular

Publications (Bulletins, Circulars, 

Magazines, Newsletters, Notices, etc.)

Regular

Organisational Climate and 

Transformation Pulse Surveys

Regular

Supporting the UN SDGs

22 

Includes employees from all of SIA’s subsidiaries. Please refer to the Appendix for details on reporting boundaries.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

28





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


As we serve and connect with people from different cultures and walks of life, it is only natural that our workforce mirrors that too.  

We embrace the strengths that diversity in the workforce brings – from fresh perspectives to engaging and meaningful conversations.







Our success as one of the world’s leading airlines is a result of the pride, passion, and commitment of our employees working as one to 

deliver on our brand promise to our customers. 

OUR EMPLOYEES23

Strength in Diversity  102-7  202-2 

Singapore Airlines is committed to both continue and expand our initiatives to support diversity, equity, and inclusion in the workplace. 

Our human resources policies, processes, and practices are progressive, and support these important values within the organisation. Our 

people come from a myriad of cultures and backgrounds. This results in a diversity of views and perspectives, which has encouraged 

and enabled us to strengthen collectively and grow as an organisation. We strive for our people to feel comfortable, included and 

valued at the workplace, and in the conduct of their work, regardless of their race, ethnicity, gender, age, beliefs and other differences. 

Equal opportunities are given to all employees in the areas of their work assignments, personal development, and progress within the 

organisation. It is our firm belief that we can channel and leverage our diversity to make our company, our country and our world a better 

place. Our aspiration is not only to mirror the diversity of the communities where we operate, but to also work for a better future in which 

every person is supported, respected and treated fairly. 

As at 31 March 2021, the SIA Group had 23,603 employees (FY2019/20: 28,707 employees), reflecting a 17.8% decrease in headcount 

from the previous financial year. 

Of these, Singapore Airlines, SilkAir and Scoot employed 17,565 employees (FY2019/20: 21,359 employees). Female employees account 

for 50.3% of our workforce, while male employees account for 49.7%. 90.1% of our employees at Singapore Head Office are Singapore 

Citizens or permanent residents, as are 93.3% of Management24 based in Singapore. Full-time employees account for 99.7% of our staff. 

Around 28.1% of our employees are under 30 years of age, 55.5% are between the ages of 30 and 50, and 16.4% above the age of 50. 



17,565

employees in Singapore Airlines, 

SilkAir, and Scoot

1:1

gender ratio (male:female) of 

SIA employees

23 

Please refer to the Appendix for definitions and methodologies. Due to rounding, numbers and 

percentages presented may not add up precisely to the absolute totals indicated.

24 

Management refers to those who are holding managerial positions and above, and management pilots.





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

29


OUR EMPLOYEES (CONTINUED)



New Hires and Turnover  401-1  COV-19

As the Covid-19 pandemic worsened and international border closures prolonged, there was an 

urgent need for SIA to adapt to an uncertain future and position ourselves to emerge from the crisis 

stronger and fitter.

From the outset of the crisis, one of the SIA Group’s priorities was to save as many jobs as possible. 

The Group implemented a recruitment freeze in March 2020, and did not fill vacancies that opened 

due to resignations and retirements. It also offered a Special Early Retirement Scheme for head 

office ground staff and pilots, as well as a Voluntary Release Scheme for cabin crew. The Group also 

announced a Voluntary No Pay Leave scheme for an extended period. These initiatives helped to 

reduce our headcount and facilitated more effective manpower allocation through a redesigning of 

jobs and roles.

The Group also implemented salary cuts early in the crisis to manage its expenditure, starting with the 

management team and then extending it to all employees as the situation worsened. These measures 

have remained in place for more than a year.

In September 2020, the Company announced its decision to cut 4,300 positions across the Group. 

This was mitigated by earlier efforts to reduce headcount, which allowed the Group to eliminate some 

1,900 positions. As a result, the Company made the difficult decision to release 2,400 employees.  

A subsequent agreement with pilots to take additional pay cuts to save jobs reduced the final number 

to about 2,000 job losses. 

Having to let go of its people was one of the toughest decisions that the Company has had to make 

in its history. The release was not a reflection of the strengths and capabilities of the affected staff, 

but the result of an unprecedented global crisis that has engulfed the airline industry. The SIA Group 

was focused on conducting the release of our staff in a fair and respectful manner and did its best to 

ensure that the affected colleagues received all necessary support during this very trying time. Our 

Singapore-based unions were involved in the discussions, and the SIA Group worked closely with 

them to finalise the arrangements to minimise the stress and anxiety on the affected employees. The 

terms of the release packages were explained to the affected employees on a one-on-one basis, and 

arrangements were made to have counsellors and medical staff on-site. Members of unions were 

also present to provide support. The Company also created a job portal for impacted staff to avail 

themselves to prospective jobs in other companies that the Human Resources team had actively 

sourced from the market.   

Due to the decrease in flights across our network, Singapore Airlines, SilkAir and Scoot’s overall new 

hire rate25 for FY2020/21 decreased to 0.8% (FY2019/20: 12.7%), with the new hire rate for male 

employees at 0.9%, and female employees at 0.7%. In terms of age group, our new hire rate was 1.5% 

for employees under 30 years of age, 0.6% between the ages of 30 and 50, and 0.2% above the age 

of 50. 

Singapore Airlines, SilkAir and Scoot’s overall turnover rate26 remained stable at 6.6% (FY2019/20: 

6.4%) with turnover rate for male employees at 4.4%, and female employees at 8.7%. In terms of age 

group, our turnover rate was 13.4% for employees under 30 years of age, 4.6% between the ages of 

30 and 50, and 1.6% above the age of 50.

SilkAir Integration

We are in the midst of our multi-year SilkAir integration effort, which was announced in May 2018, and 

scheduled for completion in FY2021/22. In March 2021, SIA took over Phuket services from SilkAir, 

marking the start of the integration of flight operations. Additional SilkAir routes were transferred 

thereafter, as a total of nine Boeing 737-800 NG aircraft were enhanced with the SIA cabin product, 

and transferred to the parent airline’s fleet. In addition, SilkAir ground staff and crew are progressively 

being transferred to SIA. Integrating SilkAir into Singapore Airlines is an important part of the SIA 

Group’s strategy, enabling greater economies of scale and allowing it to deploy the right aircraft to 

meet the demand for air travel as it returns. It also allows customers to enjoy SIA’s award-winning 

suite of in-flight offerings on regional flights, including the world-class service offered by its cabin 

crew, enhanced food and beverage options, and the KrisWorld in-flight entertainment system via a 

web-based platform on the Boeing 737-800 aircraft. This also results in a consistent premium product 

across the Group’s full-service network.



25 

New hire rate is computed by number of new hires over the number of employees, expressed as a percentage. This can be computed by the respective 

demographic cuts. 

26 

Turnover rate is computed by number of turnover over the number of employees, expressed as a percentage. This can be computed by the respective 

demographic cuts. Due to confidentiality constraints, turnover relates purely to voluntary attrition, and does not include involuntary turnover such as dismissal, 

completion of contract, etc.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX

30


OUR EMPLOYEES (CONTINUED)



Our Workforce27

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Employees in  

SIA Group

28,707

23,603

Employees, by Subsidiary

Singapore Airlines

17,204

14,956

SilkAir

1,389

608

Scoot

2,766

2,001

SIA Engineering Company 

(SIAEC)

4,559

4,332

SIAEC’s Subsidiaries

2,476

1,356

Tradewinds Tours &amp; Travel

51

46

Cargo Community Network

77

77

Singapore Flying College

82

76

SAGI

3

3

KrisShop

100

100

Encounters

-

48

 

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Singapore Airlines, SilkAir and  

Scoot Employees

21,359

100.0%

17,565

100.0%

Employees, by Gender

Male

10,055

47.1%

8,733

49.7%

Female

11,304

52.9%

8,832

50.3%

SIA, SilkAir and Scoot 

Employees

Male

Female





FY2019/20

47.1%

49.7%

52.9%

50.3%

FY2020/21

27 

Excludes Singapore Airlines staff seconded to other companies but includes staff seconded to Singapore Airlines. Due to rounding, percentages presented may not add up precisely to the absolute totals indicated. Total employee figures in FY2018/19 and FY2019/20 were restated after aligning data compilation methodologies 

of SIA Engineering Company and Scoot. Please refer to the Appendix for definitions, methodologies and reasons for and effect of restatements.

102-8

 401-1 

 405-1 

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

31





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


OUR EMPLOYEES (CONTINUED)



Singapore Airlines, SilkAir and Scoot 

Employees, by Employee Category  

and by Age Group

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Pilots

3,283

15.4%

2,933

16.7%

&lt;30 yo

362

1.7%

214

1.2%

30-50 yo

2,250

10.5%

2,070

11.8%

&gt;50 yo

671

3.1%

649

3.7%

Cabin Crew

11,514

53.9%

8,880

50.6%

&lt;30 yo

6,310

29.5%

3,717

21.2%

30-50 yo

4,446

20.8%

4,364

24.8%

&gt;50 yo

758

3.5%

799

4.5%

Ground Staff

6,562

30.7%

5,752

32.7%

&lt;30 yo

1,427

6.7%

998

5.7%

30-50 yo

3,511

16.4%

3,318

18.9%

&gt;50 yo

1,624

7.6%

1,436

8.2%

SIA, SilkAir and  

Scoot Employees,  

by Employee Category 

and by Age Group

Pilots (&lt;30 yo)

Cabin Crew (30-50 yo)

Pilots (&gt;50 yo)

Ground Staff (&lt;30 yo)

Pilots (30-50 yo)

Cabin Crew (&gt;50 yo)

Cabin Crew (&lt;30 yo)

Ground Staff (30-50 yo)

Ground Staff (&gt;50 yo)



FY2019/20

1.7%

10.5%

3.1%

29.5%

20.8%

3.5%

6.7%

16.4%

7.6%



FY2020/21

1.2%

11.8%

3.7%

21.2%

24.8%

4.5%

5.7%

18.9%

8.2%

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

32





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


OUR EMPLOYEES (CONTINUED)



Singapore Airlines, SilkAir 

and Scoot Employees, 

by Employment Type (Full-

time and Part-time) 

and by Gender

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Full-time

21,303

99.7%

17,518

99.7%

Male

10,051

47.1%

8,731

49.7%

Female

11,252

52.7%

8,787

50.0%

Part-time

56

0.26%

47

0.27%

Male

4

0.02%

2

0.01%

Female

52

0.24%

45

0.26%

Singapore Airlines, SilkAir 

and Scoot Employees, 

by Employment Type 

(Permanent and Contract) 

and by Gender

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Permanent

10,423

48.8%

10,581

60.2%

Male

6,845

32.0%

6,628

37.7%

Female

3,578

16.8%

3,953

22.5%

Contract

10,936

51.2%

6,984

39.8%

Male

3,210

15.0%

2,105

12.0%

Female

7,726

36.2%

4,879

27.8%

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

33





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


OUR EMPLOYEES (CONTINUED)



Singapore Airlines, SilkAir 

and Scoot Employees, 

by Employment Type 

(Permanent and Contract) 

and by Region

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Permanent

10,423

48.8%

10,581

60.2%

Singapore

7,514

35.2%

7,478

42.6%

The Americas

172

0.8%

142

0.8%

Europe

544

2.5%

438

2.5%

North Asia

675

3.2%

815

4.6%

South East Asia

702

3.3%

1,030

5.9%

South West Pacific

416

1.9%

330

1.9%

West Asia and Africa

400

1.9%

348

2.0%

Singapore Airlines, SilkAir 

and Scoot Employees, 

by Employment Type 

(Permanent and Temporary) 

and by Region

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Contract

10,936

51.2%

6,984

39.8%

Singapore

9,852

46.1%

6,951

39.6%

The Americas

18

0.08%

2

0.01%

Europe

38

0.18%

17

0.1%

North Asia

389

1.82%

7

0.04%

South East Asia

592

2.77%

1

0.01%

South West Pacific

12

0.06%

1

0.01%

West Asia and Africa

35

0.16%

5

0.03%

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

34





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


OUR EMPLOYEES (CONTINUED)



FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Singapore Airlines, SilkAir 

and Scoot New Hires

2,723

100.0%

136

100.0%

New Hires, by Gender

Male

1,095

40.2%

75

55.1%

Female

1,628

59.8%

61

44.9%

New Hires, by Age Group

&lt;30 yo

2,107

77.4%

72

52.9%

30-50 yo

576

21.2%

58

42.6%

&gt;50 yo

40

1.5%

6

4.4%

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

New Hires, by Region

Singapore

2,179

80.0%

110

80.9%

The Americas

33

1.2%

3

2.2%

Europe

48

1.8%

4

2.9%

North Asia

122

4.5%

2

1.5%

South East Asia

218

8.0%

13

9.6%

South West Pacific

79

2.9%

1

0.7%

West Asia and Africa

44

1.6%

3

2.2%

SIA, SilkAir and Scoot New Hires, by Gender

SIA, SilkAir and Scoot New Hires, by Age Group

Male

&lt;30 yo

Female

30-50 yo

&gt;50 yo









FY2019/20

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

FY2020/21

77.4%

55.1%

52.9%

1.5%

21.2%

44.9%

42.6%

4.4%

40.2%

59.8%

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

35





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Singapore Airlines, SilkAir 

and Scoot Turnover28

1,377

100.0%

1,154

100.0%

Turnover, by Gender

Male

409

29.7%

388

33.6%

Female

968

70.3%

766

66.4%

Turnover, by Age Group

&lt;30 yo

860

62.5%

660

57.2%

30-50 yo

475

34.5%

448

38.8%

&gt;50 yo

42

3.1%

46

4.0%

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Turnover, by Region

Singapore

993

72.1%

1,043

90.4%

The Americas

18

1.3%

10

0.9%

Europe

37

2.7%

23

2.0%

North Asia

138

10.0%

31

2.7%

South East Asia

126

9.2%

21

1.8%

South West Pacific

39

2.8%

22

1.9%

West Asia and Africa

26

1.9%

4

0.4%

SIA, SilkAir and Scoot Turnover, by Gender

SIA, SilkAir and Scoot Turnover, by Age Group 

OUR EMPLOYEES (CONTINUED)



Male

&lt;30 yo

Female

30-50 yo

&gt;50 yo





FY2019/20

FY2020/21

29.7%

33.6%

70.3%

66.4%

28 

 Due to confidentiality constraints, turnover relates purely to voluntary attrition, and does not include involuntary turnover such as dismissal, completion of contract, etc.



57.2%

38.8%

4.0%

FY2020/21



FY2019/20

62.5%

34.5%

3.1%

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

36





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








Continual engagement with our employees enables us to understand them better. During this challenging period, engaging with our 

employees allows us to motivate them and stay connected with them. It also allows us to identify and address issues, feedback and 

concerns, and put in place support programmes quickly and effectively. 

EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT

Engaging our Employees  102-43  COV-19

We maintain multiple engagement modes and communication channels with all our employees, both local and overseas.

We obtain feedback from employees through 

our Organisational Climate Survey (OCS) 

and Transformation Pulse Surveys. OCS and 

pulse surveys enable us to better understand 

employees’ needs, as well as identify areas 

of opportunities so that we can deliver a 

more positive working experience for our 

employees. The OCS is conducted every 

two to three years, while pulse surveys are 

conducted biannually. The collective efforts 

of the Group, along with strong support from 

our unions and staff, yielded a strong showing 

in the Transformation Pulse Survey conducted 

in March 2021. SIA achieved its highest 

ever engagement score, a recognition of 

the Company’s efforts in supporting our 

employees through these difficult times. The 

next OCS will be conducted in the second 

half of 2021.

In April 2020, Scoot rolled out a company-

wide employee pulse survey to better 

understand the work challenges that staff 

were facing during the Covid-19 pandemic. 

They also wanted to gain insights on 

how receptive staff were toward ongoing 

initiatives, as well as determine other areas 

where more support could be extended 

to them. To facilitate closer engagement 

with telecommuting employees, Scoot also 

launched a video series hosted by Scoot’s 

CEO, Scoot Good News, to keep staff 

up-to-date with the latest updates from the 

company.



Activities and Events

Business Meetings

Biannually

Chill Out with CEO 

Sessions

Quarterly

Dialogues, Forums, 

Townhalls, etc.

Regular

Senior Management 

Webinars Focusing on 

SIA’s Transformation 

Programme

Regular

Bulletins, Circulars, 

Notices, etc.  

Regular

Cabin Crew Times 

Monthly

Fleet e-Newsletters

Biannually

Flight Safety Magazine

Biannually

Hazard Newsletters

Quarterly

Outlook Magazine

Weekly

Organisational Climate 

Survey and Pulse 

Survey

Biennially

Transformation Pulse 

Survey

Biannually

Forums and Meetings

Online Platforms

Publications

Surveys

Community Service 

Activities

Regular

Demo Day by KrisLab

Regular

Divisional 

Communications Sessions 

Quarterly

Extra-curricular Activities 

(arts, health and wellness, 

sports and recreation, etc.)

Regular

Safety and Security Week

Annually

Staff Ideas-In-Action

Regular

Vaccination Webinars in 

Collaboration with the 

Ministry of Health (MOH)*

Ad-hoc

e-learning Platforms

Regular

Employee Platforms 

(1SQ, SQhub, etc.)

Regular

Internal Collaboration 

Using Microsoft Teams

Regular

Yammer Groups

Regular

Employee Support 

Portal (resources 

on Job Support 

Programme, financial 

and income tax relief 

channels, Enrichment 

Day, mental wellness, 

vaccination exercise, 

etc.)*

Regular

* Covid-19-related initiatives

37





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


CASE STUDY 

EMPLOYEE SUPPORT PORTAL COV-19 

Confronted with the greatest challenge that the SIA Group has encountered in its existence, we recognised the difficulties that our employees faced both at work as well as in their personal lives.

A one-stop Employee Support Portal was set up to provide resources to assist staff whose livelihood was badly impacted and needed financial relief. During the challenging period, SIA worked with 

banks and government agencies in Singapore to offer financial relief channels for our employees. The Airline also waived its exclusive service requirements for certain groups of employees so that they 

could secure supplementary income through other jobs. This supported employees who had been affected by the unprecedented drop in operations, as well as the pay cuts that the Company instituted 

in response to the crisis. 

Beyond financial assistance, the Company provided opportunities and time-off for employees to pursue additional training or upskilling in the form of an allocated monthly Enrichment Day. Through 

this programme, employees could choose to complete a company-organised instructor-led online course, online learning via SKIES, LinkedIn Learning, or learning via other training resources (Tableau, 

SkillsFuture, self-funded higher education, etc). A curated list of 14 LinkedIn Learning courses on topics such as Data Analysis and Visualisation, Design Thinking, and Agile project management have 

seen very good uptake, with over 280 employees participating in the courses. Apart from learning and upskilling, employees could also choose to volunteer for a company-organised corporate social 

responsibility activity. In FY2020/21, over 4,500 employees went above and beyond to volunteer at organisations such as Willing Hearts, Food Bank, Free Food For All (FFFA), Temasek Foundation, and 

Sengkang Community Hospital.

SIA also introduced mental wellness programmes and organised regular talks for employees on the topic, given the importance of this issue during this especially challenging time as they helped the 

Company to navigate the crisis. To date, we have held three mental wellness talks, with over 400 participants. Four training sessions were also conducted on how to identify and manage colleagues under 

stress at the workplace, which saw over 170 participants. 

EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT (CONTINUED)





Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

38





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT (CONTINUED)



Ambassador Programmes

Amid the challenges faced by the wider communities in Singapore due to the Covid-19 pandemic, 

the SIA Group adapted and responded quickly to support the fight against the virus at a time of 

reduced operations for its airlines. The Group worked with various government agencies to launch 

various ambassador programmes over the course of the year. Crew ambassadors were deployed to 

hospitals, social service offices, MRT stations, and bus interchanges, among others. 





More than 2,000 SIA crew worked as ambassadors during this time, allowing them to directly 

support the fight against Covid-19 on the frontline since the inception of the programme in April 

2020. Their duties include supporting healthcare workers to care for patients in hospitals, ensuring 

safe distancing amongst commuters at train stations and assisting with processing Covid-19 support 

grants. Our crew displayed the same renowned professionalism in these new roles, and have 

received numerous accolades for their work from government agencies, private organisations, as 

well as members of the public.

Photo Credit: Khoo Teck Puat Hospital

Photo Credit: Brian Teo for National Museum of Singapore

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

39





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX












1SQ, SIA’s One-stop 

Employee Mobile App 

 

Launched in February 2018, 1SQ 

was designed to provide our 

employees with on-the-go access 

to the latest news, corporate deals, 

and the ability to perform self-service 

functions such as leave submissions 

and travel requests. Using the agile 

methodology, 1SQ has improved 

progressively via an iterative process 

involving feedback from employees.

Three years on, 1SQ has expanded 

to include more than 45 different 

features and is gaining popularity 

among employees due to its features. 

As at 31 March 2021, over 90% of 

Head Office staff in Singapore are 

actively using the mobile app.   

SQhub, SIA’s One-stop 

Employee Portal 

 

Launched in September 2020, 

SQhub is SIA’s one-stop portal for 

effective communication within the 

organisation. Through centralised 

publishing of management messages, 

company and news about employees, 

SQhub strives to be a user-friendly 

platform. With a convenient search 

feature available, staff can enjoy a 

seamless employee experience. 

SKIES e-Learning Platform: 

Learn Anytime, Anywhere

 

Globally, SIA and SilkAir employees 

have access to courses on the SKIES 

e-learning platform, which hosts over 

13,000 bite-sized learning modules 

from our e-library. With the launch of 

SKIES on Mobile since FY2019/20, 

all SIA and SilkAir employees are 

empowered to take charge of their 

learning and development through 

distance-based learning on-the-go.

ScootToWellness, Scoot’s 

Online Employee Platform 

Group COV-19

In FY2020/21, curated content on 

self-care and mental health were 

published on ScootToWellness, Scoot’s 

online employee platform group. This 

group allowed employees to learn 

how to care for their mental, physical, 

social, and financial health during the 

pandemic.

Employees who needed more support 

to cope with changes brought forth by 

the pandemic were also encouraged 

to reach out to experienced 

counsellors from Scoot’s appointed 

medical partner, Raffles Medical 

Group, at no additional cost.

Ozy, Transactional Chatbot 

on Scoot’s Employee 

Messaging App 

Ozy is a transactional chatbot on 

Scoot’s employee messaging app that 

was launched in September 2020 to 

handle common employee transactions 

such as annual leave, contact detail 

changes and flexi-benefit enquiries 

on-the-go. 

During the national vaccination exercise, 

which was opened to aviation sector 

workers in Singapore, employees could 

conveniently update their COVID-19 

vaccination status and upload records 

of their vaccination certificates via Ozy. 

As at April 2021, Ozy has served over 

1,500 employees and has helped to 

resolve approximately 3,000 employee 

transactions.











EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT (CONTINUED)



Leveraging Technology

We constantly seek new opportunities to leverage technology and new digital tools to better connect with our employees, while allowing them to access functions that replace with enhance their overall experience with 

us anytime, anywhere.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

40





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


CASE STUDY 

EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT: LEVERAGING DIGITAL TECHNOLOGIES IN THE NEW NORMAL COV-19 

We believe that our employees thrive when they feel connected with the Company, and trust that they can make a difference to the organisation. At the onset of the Covid-19 pandemic, with many of 

our employees working remotely from home, we leveraged technology to continually engage our employees to keep our SIA spirit strong. These engagement activities include:

Regular Virtual Webinars With Senior Management 

One key initiative spearheaded by SIA’s senior management was the 

introduction of a series of webinars. The first of the series, titled “Restart with 

Agility in the New World”, aimed to give employees a better understanding of 

what it would take for the Airline to recover from the biggest challenge faced by 

the aviation industry to date. Subsequently, SIA CEO kicked off a webinar series 

titled “Lead The New World”, which provided updates to employees on the 

current state of affairs in the Company, recovery, and growth strategy.  

Post-webinar surveys showed a 93% satisfaction rating, which indicated that 

employees found the sessions engaging and useful.

Online crew engagement sessions were also held for SIA cabin crew. Topics 

covered included being a leader in a post-Covid-19 world, SIA’s new digital 

initiatives, as well as the vaccination exercise for aviation workers in Singapore. 

Up to June 2021, there have been 10 engagement sessions, with an average of 

1,800 employees participating in each edition. Post-event surveys also indicated 

a high level of satisfaction with the content.  

Chill Out with Choon Phong sessions 

SIA CEO Goh Choon Phong continues to hold his quarterly chill out sessions 

with employees. During the pandemic, physical chill out sessions were 

converted to virtual chats. This allowed our overseas staff to join the chill out 

sessions as well. 

Hybrid Events

The Company organised hybrid events in the second half of 2020, where 

we combined a “live” in-person event with a “virtual” online component, 

taking into consideration Singapore’s restrictions on on-site and remote work 

arrangements.

The Digital Innovation Lab Demo Day and Staff-Ideas-in-Action (S-I-A) 

Workplace Improvement &amp; Innovation Scheme (WINS) Day were held 

together on 16 December 2020 as the first hybrid event. Adhering to safe 

management protocols, some employees delivered their innovative pitches in 

person to a judging panel, while the rest of the employees across the network 

participated virtually. 

Digitising Internal Publications 

Our staff publication, Outlook, transitioned from a monthly physical 

publication to a daily online news services with stories published on digital 

channels such as 1SQ and SQhub. This allows content, including both stories 

and videos, to be published on these channels. In addition, a weekly digital 

Outlook email provides a synopsis of that week’s stories to employees. 

In addition, internal publications such as Cabin Crew Times, an online 

channel that keeps employees informed on current company, divisional 

and departmental updates. The cabin crew circular also provides important 

updates on changes in flight operations, health and safety measures, as well 

as service procedures, in line with regulations by authorities such as the Civil 

Aviation Authority of Singapore (CAAS) and the Ministry of Health (MOH). 

EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT (CONTINUED)



Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

41





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








We believe in investing in our employees’ well-being and development, keeping them meaningfully engaged, and ensuring that they 

have fulfilling careers over their journey with us.  

EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES 

PR-3 

PR-6

In December 2020, SIA’s CEO Goh Choon Phong was awarded the Medal of Commendation by the National Trades Union Congress (NTUC), an award that recognises management partners who have 

contributed towards good labour management relationships, and who have worked in the interest of their employees. NTUC cited Mr Goh’s instrumental role in the launch of many pro-labour initiatives, 

such as the removal of the 10% salary reduction for re-employed staff back in 2019, the extension of employment for cabin crew, and the early implementation of digital readiness training to future-proof our 

employees. 

Our success would not have been possible without the efforts of our dedicated employees, and strong collaborative partnerships with our unions. Our union leadership has also taken a progressive approach 

and supported us over the years in launching initiatives and programmes to enable our workforce to be better prepared for the future.



Air Transport Executive Staff Union (AESU) is a representative body for about 

50% of SIA executives.

Air Line Pilots Association Singapore (ALPA-S) is a representative body for 

about 94% of SIA pilots.

Singapore Airlines Staff Union (SIASU) is a representative body for about 65% 

of cabin crew and associates.



97% 

Approximate number of SIA employees 

covered by collective bargaining 

agreements29

Collaborative Partnerships with Unions 102-41  COV-19

We adopt a collaborative partnership approach when engaging with our unions. Our management and union leaders work closely, 

meeting each other monthly to address matters pertaining to the workforce and share updates on initiatives aimed at developing 

our employees’ careers and competencies. Terms and conditions of service, which are encapsulated within the respective Collective 

Agreements are structured and developed in a collaborative manner. Progressive wage increments that are benchmarked against 

the company’s performance, productivity growth, and market conditions are also discussed with our unions annually.

29 

Number of SIA employees covered by collective bargaining agreements refer to Head Office staff only.



Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

42





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


As part of our commitment to build a future-ready workforce, a Company Training Committee 

(CTC) comprising management and union representatives from AESU and SIASU, has been set up 

to review training needs of our employees in view of industry transformation. Our union leadership 

has also taken a progressive approach and supported us over the years in launching initiatives and 

programmes to enable our employees to be better prepared for the future.

SIA’s Chairman Peter Seah and senior management have quarterly lunch meetings with union leaders 

to share the Company’s business outlook and discuss workforce matters. Union leaders are also 

invited to company functions such as retirement and long service award ceremonies, as well as SIA’s 

business meetings, among others. 

Notice Periods 402-1

Our Collective Agreements and employment contracts set out the minimum notice period for the 

termination or resignation of our employees. For Singapore-based employees, the notice period 

is three months for confirmed cabin crew, pilots, executives and managers, and one month for 

confirmed ground associates. For overseas employees, the notice periods may vary, subject to local 

regulations and union agreements. 

Returning Crew Scheme for Cabin Crew

As the safety of our employees is paramount to SIA, we do not permit pregnant crew members 

to carry out duties on flights. Under the Returning Crew Scheme, crew members are encouraged 

to return to their flying duties after delivering their child, subject to a pre-set list of criteria. Cabin 

crew members can return to their duties with minimum disruption to their careers, while retaining 

their seniority. To raise awareness of the scheme, talks are conducted twice a year with healthcare 

professionals for crew who left due the company to their pregnancy. 

Career Transitions Programme for Cabin Crew 404-2  

We have in place a career transition programme, which has been specially developed for our cabin 

crew who wish to continue working beyond their retirement outside of the company. A Career 

Transition Guide and a list of career opportunities are shared with them six months before retirement. 

Potential employers will also be informed so they may get in touch with retiring crew members. The 

guide offers useful links, strategies and tools to support our cabin crew in developing an effective 

plan so that they can make informed decisions for their career. Preparation of good cover letters, tips 

for interviews, contacts for counselling, as well as worksheets for self-evaluation, are included in the 

guide. Financial management courses are also available to help crew make sound financial decisions in 

preparation for retirement. 

EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES (CONTINUED)



Employee Benefits 401-2  401-3  

Our employees’ well-being and work-life integration is important to us. We have flexible work 

arrangements such as a work-from-home schemes and staggered working hours, where operationally 

feasible. Our employees and their eligible dependants are also covered by a range of medical 

benefits. These include out-patient, specialist, hospitalisation, as well as subsidised insurance benefits, 

where applicable. Apart from healthcare, other benefits include life insurance and parental leave. Full-

time, Singapore-based employees enjoy benefits such as:

Adoption, annual, childcare, compassionate, maternity, 

matrimonial, national service, paternity and shared 

parental leave

Holiday accommodation subsidies

Dental, in-patient, out-patient general practitioner and 

specialist care

Staggered working hours, work-from-home scheme and 

casual-wear everyday for ground employees based in 

Singapore

Different tiers of Company subsidies for Group Personal 

Accident Insurance, Group Term Life Insurance Scheme, 

and Medical Insurance for dependants of employees

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

43





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX




EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES (CONTINUED)



In FY2020/21, SIA, SilkAir and Scoot’s overall retention rate and return to work rate of employees who took parental leave declined slightly to 85.7% and 90.3% (FY2019/20: 89.6% and 92.8%) respectively. 

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Male

Female

Total

Male

Female

Total

Employees who were entitled to parental leave

2,913

2,420

5,333

2,876

2,281

5,157

Employees who took parental leave

1,903

1,236

3,139

1,295

1,075

2,370

Employees who returned to work after parental leave ended

1,895

1,018

2,913

1,285

856

2,141

Employees who returned to work after parental leave ended and 

who were still employed 12 months after returning to work 

1,839

975

2,814

1,232

799

2,031

Retention rate30 of employees who took parental leave

96.6%

78.9%

89.6%

95.1%

74.3%

85.7%

Return to work rate31 of employees who took parental leave

99.6%

82.4%

92.8%

99.2%

79.6%

90.3%

85.7% 

overall retention rate of SIA, SilkAir and 

Scoot employees who took parental leave

90.3% 

overall return to work rate of SIA, SilkAir and 

Scoot employees who took parental leave

30 

Retention rate is computed by number of employees who returned to work after parental leave ended and who were still employed 12 months after their return to work, over number of  employees who took parental leave, expressed as a percentage. 

31 

Return to work rate is computed by number of employees who returned to work after parental leave ended, over number of employees who took parental leave, expressed as a percentage.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

44





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








We believe in the constant development and nurturing of our employees to ensure that they are equipped with new skills  

and capabilities required for the future. 

A FUTURE-READY WORKFORCE  404-2

Equipping Our Employees With the Right Skills to Thrive

Singapore Airlines believes that the continuous development and growth of our employees are 

key to remaining competitive and resilient. To mobilise the organisation to deliver Transformation 

priorities and emerge stronger from the pandemic, SIA focused on equipping our employees with the 

relevant skills and competencies that allow them to be adaptable and prepared for change in the new 

operating environment. This will allow our employees to be deployed in a manner that meets evolving 

business priorities, as well as remain relevant and competitive for the recovery ahead.



Continuous Learning

As part of our Transformation journey, the SIA Group strives to inspire passion in our employees by 

providing opportunities for personal growth. This includes equipping our employees with soft and 

hard skills, as well as upskilling and re-skilling them to support our Transformation initiatives. We 

aim to continually reinforce and promote a vibrant learning and innovative culture geared towards 

empowered and continuous learning. On average, our staff took 7.9 training days in FY2020/21 

(FY2019/20: 8.9 days).

Significant resources are invested to develop our employees globally. In FY2020/21, we invested a 

total of S$22.4 million in the learning and development of our employees (FY2019/20: S$46.7 million). 

Over 29,400 ground staff and crew have benefited from the government’s Enhanced Training Support 

Package (ETSP) for the Aviation sector, receiving relevant training via external and in-house training 

programmes. 

The table below presents the average number 

of training days taken by SIA, SilkAir and Scoot 

employees, by employee category. Average 

training days for ground staff have increased in 

FY2020/21, due to increased e-learning through 

the ETSP. For cabin crew and pilots, due to 

Covid-19 developments, many core programmes 

and non-essential courses were suspended till 

further notice. As such, average training days for 

FY2020/21 were lower as compared to FY2019/20. 

Average Training Days

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Ground Staff

4

6

Cabin Crew

13

10

Pilots 

6

5

Average Number of Training Days, by Employee Category 404-1



S$22.4 mil 

investment in learning and 

development of SIA, SilkAir and 

Scoot employees in FY2020/21

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

45





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


A FUTURE-READY WORKFORCE (CONTINUED)



Upskill Now, Be Future-ready

In April 2021, SIA launched UPLIFT, a two-year holistic upskilling plan focused on five key capabilities 

critical to ensuring that its employees remain competitive and relevant. These five key capabilities are: 

Digital and Innovation, Solutioning Mindset, Resilience and Change Management, Leadership and 

Collaborations, and Value-outcome Application. The programme aims to equip our people with the 

knowledge and skills needed for a resilient and future-ready workforce, and to be able to respond in a 

nimble and flexible manner to a dynamic external environment. 





Digital and 

Innovation

Tech-savvy, 

digital-ready







Value-

Outcome 

Application

Prioritise for 

Outcomes







Leadership  

and 

Collaborations

Lead and 

Collaborate in 

the New Norm







Resilience 

and Change 

Management

Mental 

Preparedness 

and 

Adaptibility







Solutioning 

Mindset

Solution-

driven



CASE STUDY 

ENHANCED TRAINING SUPPORT PACKAGE (ETSP)

The Enhanced Training Support Package (ETSP) was first introduced by Singapore’s Deputy 

Prime Minister Heng Swee Keat in the Stabilisation and Support Package and supplementary 

Resilience Budget. This helps sectors which were directly and severely affected by the Covid-19 

pandemic. This initiative was jointly developed by SkillsFuture Singapore (SSG), Workforce 

Singapore (WSG), and the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore (CAAS), together with the 

NTUC Aerospace and Aviation Cluster. Its objective is to support air transport companies who 

plan to send their employees for sector-specific programmes to upgrade their competencies by 

defraying eligible costs.

With the downtime arising from the pandemic, SIA offered our cabin crew a suite of ETSP 

courses conducted both internally and externally, focusing on three main aspects:

Macro Environment: Understanding impending disruptions in a 

developing environment and the importance of adapting to changes, as 

well as to discover the evolving job roles and fundamentals of being an 

engaged leader

Onboard Environment: Taking ownership to identify ways to improve 

service standards and to tackle onboard situations in a tactful and 

professional manner

Deep Skilling: Enhancing technical skills and deepening product and 

service knowledge to ensure service excellence 

Eligible crew may be assigned multiple programmes assessed to be relevant to upgrade their 

competencies. Due to safe management measures, about 80% of ETSP classes are conducted 

virtually on platforms such as Zoom, WebEx and Microsoft Teams.



Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

46





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


A FUTURE-READY WORKFORCE (CONTINUED)



Leadership and Professional Development  

Singapore Airlines aims to further strengthen our key workforce 

capabilities in line with our Transformation efforts to enable 

the Company to thrive and succeed in an evolving landscape. 

Following our efforts in previous years to strengthen our 

leadership and enhance workforce capabilities across all 

employee grades, employees continue to enjoy access to a 

suite of leadership and professional development programmes. 

For more information on the leadership and professional 

development programmes introduced in FY2019/20, please refer 

to page 43 in the FY2019/20 SIA Sustainability Report.

To enable employees to adapt and remain resilient in the new 

norm, we prioritised equipping our employees with future-ready 

skills and digital capabilities, with an emphasis on building 

knowledge and skills among ground staff in design thinking, 

agile methodologies and data analytics. The learning curriculum 

was delivered using new technologies, such as virtual reality 

simulations, interactive video technology for custom scenario-

based e-learning, as well as the SKIES e-learning mobile app.

Efforts were also made to redesign current in-person instructor-

led training (ILT) curriculum to a format that could be conducted 

virtually. This included the development of new pre-course 

content, as well as new learning activities and content suited 

for virtual classrooms such as self-reading material, instructional 

videos, and online quizzes. Virtual ILTs are also made available 

to employees overseas, who were not able to participate in the 

trainings in Singapore due to the border closures.

With the ongoing integration of Singapore Airlines and SilkAir, 

a training needs analysis was conducted with four key training 

requirements identified — Airport Operations, Baggage Services, 

Narrow Body Weight and Balance, as well as Dangerous Goods 

Regulations (DGR). A customised training plan was developed to 

equip the SilkAir employees with the competencies needed to 

deliver SIA’s service standard known to our customers. 

CASE STUDY 

SINGAPORE AIRLINES ACADEMY COV-19

Following the success of our Ambassador Programmes, we seized the opportunity to offer training to other organisations.  

In November 2020, SIA launched the Singapore Airlines Academy as a new business to offer training programmes to external 

businesses and organisations in the areas of service excellence, operational excellence, organisational innovation, and digital 

transformation. 

The Academy bases its training curriculum on the Airline’s wide range of globally-recognised skills and competencies, and taps on its 

experienced staff in delivering these programmes. This allows our trainers to remain relevant while contributing to Singapore’s larger 

national skilling efforts. In teaching others, our trainers also have the opportunity to learn from others, as well as reinforce and build 

on their own capabilities. 

Within six months from its inception, the Academy began working with several companies and government agencies in the 

healthcare, finance, retail, transportation, and hospitality sectors to deliver training programmes.

At present, we have a total of 35 trainers from across the Company supporting the Academy. They are drawn from divisions 

including Cabin Crew and Flight Operations, as well as our corporate departments. Each trainer has more than a decade of service 

at SIA, and are experts in their respective fields. Singapore Airlines Academy is not just a new source of revenue for the organisation, 

but also a testament of our people’s agility and resourcefulness. What sets the Academy apart is that we live what we teach, as our 

trainers are also practitioners with extensive frontline and training experience, thereby delivering the SIA standard in our training 

delivery and content.



Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

47





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


A FUTURE-READY WORKFORCE (CONTINUED)





Strategy for Talent Recruitment

Building a sustainable talent pipeline continues 

to be a critical function for SIA and helps to 

ensure that we attract a steady stream of 

individuals who are able to meet the current and 

future needs of the organisation. 

Participating in career fairs organised by 

academic institutions and providing internship 

opportunities remain important avenues for us to 

connect with tertiary students, while enhancing 

our employer branding. In FY2020/21, SIA 

participated in career participated in career 

fairs organised by several local universities 

in Singapore. Internship arrangements with 

Information Technology schools of the various 

tertiary institutions continued, and will be 

ongoing as a talent pipeline for SIA.

A key initiative that augments our talent 

strategy is the annual Singapore Airlines App 

Challenge, where we engage tertiary students 

via the student category track. In 2020, virtual 

roadshows were conducted to engage students, 

which resulted in 130 teams participating. 

Through this initiative, we identify students with 

the required capabilities and shortlist them for 

internships or interviews for technical roles.

Mentorship Programme for 

Newly Promoted Managers

Talent management and development remains 

a top priority for SIA, where we focus on the 

building of capabilities in our talents to enable 

growth and development. One key initiative is 

our mentorship programme for newly promoted 

managers, where they will be attached to a 

senior management leader for a year. The 

mentorship programme provides the mentees 

with the exposure and learning opportunities to 

develop their leadership competencies as they 

step into a higher leadership role and widens 

their perspective of the company’s business. It 

also enables the mentors to develop coaching 

and mentoring skills to help nurture and develop 

the next generation of leaders.

My Career Centre and Career 

Planning Microsite

“My Career Centre” is a one-stop platform for 

performance development, talent management 

and internal job placements. The portal enables 

employees to have increased visibility of 

job opportunities within the organisation. In 

FY2020/21, when recruitment was frozen, the 

portal was used to facilitate internal placements 

and provide our employees with internal 

opportunities to move to other roles within the 

organisation.

To allow employees to take ownership of 

their own development, a one-stop career 

planning microsite was launched in FY2020/21 

to provide the tools and resources needed to 

guide employees and their Managers in their 

career development journey. This microsite was 

co-developed, taking employee inputs that 

were gathered through a series of focus groups 

into consideration. It contains useful resources 

for employees to chart their development 

plan, discover their strengths and areas of 

development, and identify learning interventions 

to bridge competency gaps. The site contains 

a job and functional competency library so that 

employees can make more informed decisions 

when planning for job rotations. Managers are 

guided on how to leverage these resources 

to provide career planning guidance to their 

employees through career development 

conversations. 

Pilot and Cabin Crew Training  

Before cabin crew can perform their flight 

duties on board, new cabin crew members must 

complete a 14-week classroom and on-the-job 

training programme. 

Aligned with SIA’s emphasis on safety, our crew 

also undergo training in security, safety and 

first aid procedures, which include learning 

cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR). Our 

cabin crew are also equipped with strong 

communications and passenger handling skills to 

cater to the needs of all of our customers. 

Beyond the functional skills required for 

cabin crew to carry out their duties on board, 

opportunities for self-development are provided 

through our Self-Directed Learning programme. 

The objective of the programme is to empower 

our crew to take charge of their development 

and upgrade their core skillsets with certified 

professional competencies. In FY2020/21, we 

introduced peer-to-peer learning for our pilots as 

a means of effecting behavioural change towards 

self-directed learning in the new norm. Besides 

mandatory training programmes, developmental 

programmes for all ranks of pilots were also 

conducted to enhance their operational and 

flight skills. We also have a mentoring framework 

in place to instil our Company’s core values and 

enhance our pilot’s competencies by learning 

from experienced peers. 

As part of the Singapore Airlines and SilkAir 

integration that is scheduled for completion in 

FY2021/22, SilkAir cabin crew and pilots will 

undergo a core training programme, similar to 

the training that new SIA cabin crew undertook 

to help them transition smoothly into the 

organisation.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

48





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


A FUTURE-READY WORKFORCE (CONTINUED)



Scoot

In August 2019, Scoot, the Scoot Tigerair Staff Union, and the Singapore Employment and Employability Institute signed a Memorandum of Agreement for the formation of a Scoot Company Training 

Committee to plan and introduce skills training initiatives. In FY2020/21, Scoot continued to foster a culture of learning and continual growth among employees through platforms such as:

•	

Zunos, a digital learning management platform, accessible on desktops and mobile devices to facilitate learning on the go 

•	

Design-thinking workshops to equip employees with the skills to develop customer-centric solutions

•	

Data analytics courses to raise employees’ digital proficiency in data analysis

•	

Career Skills Awareness workshops on career planning and skills upgrading

•	

Udemy for Business, an online learning platform which grants employees access to over 3,500 online courses for self-learning 

•	

Bimonthly “Learning Happy Hour” sessions, which provides employees with dedicated time to learn on the Udemy platform

•	

Annual learning fest from October to December 2020, where all employees including flying crew had access to over 20 virtual talks and workshops themed around digital skills, innovation, personal 

mastery, and well-being

As a result of the Covid-19 pandemic, Scoot accelerated the digitisation of regulated training and partnered with the National Trades Union Congress (NTUC) to roll out home-based virtual learning 

programmes to retrain and upskill Scoot crew members. Scoot also rolled out a weekly series of online webinars centred on digital, interpersonal and service skills. The digital skills are essential to ensure crew 

members are equipped with the relevant skills to accelerate digital projects Scoot will be embarking on. Upskilling programmes crew members participated in include courses such as “SkillsFuture for the 

Digital Workplace”, “Achieve Service Excellence Through the 5Cs” and “WSQ Direct End-to-End Change Management powered by Kotter”.



Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

49





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX






SAFETY

103-1

103-2

103-3

Key Engagement Activities

Key Policies, Processes and Systems

OUR MANAGEMENT APPROACH

• 

Flight Safety Policy

• 

Safety and Health Policy

• 

Security Policy

• 

Safety Risk Management Policy

• 

Flight Safety Management System (SMS)

• 

Occupational Health and Safety Management System (OHSMS)

• 

Quality Management System (QMS)

• 

Security Management System (SEMS)

• 

Various operational manuals of our divisions and departments 

• 

Various safety audits, including Airline Operator Certificate (AOC) Renewal Audit, 

IATA Operational Safety Audit (IOSA), and Line Operations Safety Audit (LOSA)

SIA’s Ambitions

Supporting the UN SDGs

Engagement Mode

Frequency

Audits and Assessments

Regular

Bulletins and Notices

Regular

Crisis Management Exercise

Yearly

Employee Portals (1SQ, SQhub,  

SKIES, etc.)

Regular

Evacuation Drills

Semi-yearly

External, Statutory and 

Regulatory Communications

Regular

Flight Data Analysis Programme 

Newsletter

Every four 

months

Flight Safety Magazine 

Half-yearly

Hazard Newsletter

Every four 

months

Hazard Reporting Programme

Regular

Incident Reporting and 

Investigation

Regular

Meetings (Associations, Briefings, 

Townhalls, etc.)

Regular

Safety and Security Week

Yearly

Training Programmes

Regular

Targets

Due

Status

Conduct an annual Crisis Management Exercise

Every year

Achieved

Review the Departmental and Corporate Risk 

Register (Operations) once every six months

Every six months

Achieved

Conduct at least two fire evacuation drills for each 

office location in Singapore annually

Every year

On Track

Conduct an IATA Operational Safety Audit (IOSA) 

once every two years

By FY2021/22

On Track

Conduct a Hazard Identification and Risk 

Assessment for Workplace once every three years

By FY2021/22

On Track

Conduct a Line Operations Safety Audit (LOSA) 

once every five years

By FY2022/23

On Track

FY2020/21 in Numbers

Our priority has always been 

the health and safety of our 

customers and employees. 

At SIA, fostering a strong 

safety culture is a shared 

responsibility. It involves all 

individuals in our organisation 

and permeates the way we 

work. We are constantly 

looking at improving 

our processes to make 

them safer. In the face of 

intensifying geopolitical and 

societal risks, the onus is 

on us to remain vigilant and 

adapt swiftly when there are 

disruptions.

100%

of all reported 

hazards have been 

investigated and 

addressed

0

cases of recordable 

work-related 

ill-health for 

employees and key 

contractors33

0

work-related fatalities 

and high-consequence 

work-related injuries 

for employees and key 

contractors32

18

Safety Awards and 

Safety Citations 

awarded to employees 

at Safety and Security 

Week 2020

We strive to improve our safety practices, as well as inculcate a strong and positive 

safety culture within the organisation. 

32 

Work-related fatalities and high-consequence work-related injuries for key contractors only covers SIA and SilkAir’s operations. Please refer to the Appendix for details on reporting boundaries. 

33 

Recordable work-related ill-health for key contractors only covers SIA and SilkAir’s operations. Please refer to the Appendix for details on reporting boundaries.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

50





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








All employees are involved and actively engaged in the review and continual development of our safety programme.

SAFETY MANAGEMENT 403-1

403-4

403-7

PR-1

Safety Governance 

Safety cuts across all levels of our organisation. We have in place an open and effective safety culture that is built on trust and 

accountability, with clearly defined mandates, roles and responsibilities. Our leaders inspire and influence our employees’ attitudes 

and behaviour toward safety excellence.

Every employee is empowered 

to be responsible for his or her 

health and safety, and that of 

others.

Every division is responsible for 

its safety management system, 

including its processes, procedures 

and allocation of resources.

Our Safety Management Systems 

are regularly reviewed by our Board 

of Directors and Management to 

ensure its suitability, adequacy and 

effectiveness. The key executive 

forums are: 

Adherence to Safe Work 

Procedures

•	 Every employee must adhere to safe 

work procedures at the workplace, 

including the use of protective gear 

and equipment

Reporting of Hazards

•	 Every employee is encouraged to 

take initiative in identifying and 

addressing hazards across our 

operations and workplaces

Reporting of Incidents and 

Accidents

•	 Every employee is responsible to 

report any incident, accident, near 

miss or dangerous occurrence

Safety Action Groups (SAG)

•	 Comprises representatives from relevant 

departments in the division to address 

safety issues and performance within its 

functional responsibilities

Safety Management System (SMS) 

Coordinators

•	 Appointed to facilitate the division’s 

SMS activities and function as the 

secretariat for their respective SAGs

Occupational Safety &amp; Health (OSH) 

Co-ordinators

•	 Appointed to ensure the safety and 

health of all stakeholders at the 

workplace 

•	 Board Safety and Risk Committee 

(BSRC)

•	 Management Committee Forum (MC)

•	 Group Occupational Safety and Health 

(OSH) Committee

•	 Group Security Committee (GSC)

•	 Crisis Management Group (CMG)

•	 Air Safety Committee (ASC)

•	 Corporate Operational Quality 

Management Review  

(COQMR)

EMPLOYEES

DIVISIONS

EXECUTIVE  

FORUMS

BOARD 

SAFETY AND 

RISK COMMITTEE 

(BSRC)

BSRC provides strategic 

direction and guidance on 

safety policies. It also oversees 

the Company’s safety performance 

and trends. It ensures that an effective 

system is in place to manage critical 

operational safety and risk issues.

AIR SAFETY COMMITTEE (ASC)

ASC oversees the flight safety programme and 

Safety Management System on behalf of the CEO. 

ASC monitors the safety performance and trends, 

as well as takes actions to address risks. ASC also 

provides direction and guidance to the SAGs.

SAFETY ACTION GROUPS (SAGs)

SAGs are established within the operational divisions to address safety 

issues. These include Safety Risk Management and Safety Assurance of 

aviation-related activities within its functional responsibilities. The SAGs are 

chaired by the respective Senior Vice Presidents.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

51





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


SAFETY MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)



Safety Management Systems, Processes and Procedures 403-1

403-8

We adopt a systematic approach and have in place robust organisational structures, accountabilities, policies, processes and procedures to manage safety in the Company. 

Our pursuit of operational and technical excellence is fuelled by the strong correlation with safety and reliability. Our aviation support services and activities comply with the requirements of the Civil Aviation 

Authority Singapore (CAAS), as well as the recommendations of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO). While achieving high standards in aircraft maintenance remains a key objective, the drive 

towards ensuring a safe working environment for our employees and contractors is also a priority.

MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS







Flight Safety Management  

System (SMS)

Based on:

•	

CAAS Air Navigation Regulation (ANR)

•	

ICAO International Standards and 

Recommenvded Practices  

Annex 19 – Safety Management

•	

IOSA Standards Manual

Coverage:

•	

All operations

•	

All employees







Occupational Health and Safety 

Management System (OHSMS)

Based on:

•	

Workplace Safety and Health (WSH) Act

•	

ISO45001:2018 Occupational Health 

and Safety Management System 

Coverage:

•	

All operations

•	

All employees

•	

All contractors working at SIA 

workplaces







Quality Management  

System (QMS)

Based on:

•	

CAAS Air Navigation Regulations (ANR) 

•	

ISO 9001:2015 Quality  

Management System

Coverage:

•	

All operations

•	

All employees







Security Management  

System (SEMS)

Based on:

•	

Airport Police Division (APD) Security 

Directive for Aircraft Operators

•	

ICAO International Standards and 

Recommended Practices  

Annex 17 — Security

•	

IOSA Standards Manual

Coverage:

•	

All security operations

•	

All employees

•	

Applicable security providers

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

52





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


SAFETY MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)



PROCESSES AND PROCEDURES







Airport 

Operations 

Department

•	

Ground 

Services 

Manual (GSM)

•	

Ground 

Services 

Quality 

Manual 

(GSQM)







Cabin Crew 

Division

•	

Cabin Crew 

Division Manual 

(CCM)

•	

Cabin Crew Safety 

Management 

System Manual 

(CCSMSM)

•	

Cabin Crew Safety 

Manual (CCSM)

•	

Cabin Crew 

Safety, Security, 

Quality and Health 

Department 

Procedures 

Manual (CCSSQH 

DPM)







Cargo 

Division

•	

Cargo 

Quality 

Manual 

(CQM)

•	

Cargo Safety 

Manual 

(CSM)







Engineering

Division

•	

SIA 

Maintenance 

Control 

Manual 

(SIAMCM)







Crisis 

Management 

Department

•	

Crisis 

Management 

Manual 

(CMM)







Flight  

Operations

Division

•	

Crew 

Administration 

Manual (CAM)

•	

Flight 

Operations 

Quality 

Manual 

(FOQM)







Safety, Security and Quality

Department

•	

Air Carrier Security Programme (ACSP)

•	

Corporate Flight Safety Management 

and Procedures Manual (CFSM)

•	

Corporate Operational Quality (Safety) 

Manual (COQM)

•	

Flight Security Procedures Manual 

(FSPM)

•	

Ground Safety Manual (SSQ GSM)

•	

Premises Security Manual (PSM)

•	

Quality Manual (SSQ QM)

•	

Safety and Emergency Procedures 

Manual (SEPM)

•	

Security Management System Manual 

(SESM)

The lines of accountability, policies and procedures relating to safety, security and quality are governed by operational manuals of our divisions and departments.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

53





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


SAFETY MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)



Health Safety Excellence Framework

CASE STUDY 

A SAFE AND SMOOTH RECOVERY COV-19

As we ramp up capacity and work towards traffic recovery in a post-

pandemic landscape, addressing our customers’ health and safety-related 

travel concerns through robust processes is key. 

SIA’s Customer Experience Health Safety team has rolled out a series of 

self-assessment questionnaires to help us understand how health and safety 

measures are implemented across our stations, assess opportunities for 

improvements, and enable a more seamless and safe travel experience for 

our customers. 

To assess the operational and safety readiness of stations and ground 

handling agents, Airport Operations Safety, Compliance and Performance 

(AOSCP) has developed a comprehensive safety restart checklist to guide 

SIA’s overseas stations in auditing service providers in areas such as training 

currency, equipment maintenance, personal protective equipment (PPE) 

stock, and familiarity with safety procedures. Online programmes are also 

held in place of face-to-face training to ensure crew operating recency, as 

approved by CAAS. The readiness of stations are regularly reviewed and 

reported to SIA’s head office to check for safety compliance. 

Scoot has developed a Covid-19 risk assessment methodology to mitigate 

the risk of Covid-19 exposure for crew during flights. This methodology 

assesses the risk level for every flight that Scoot operates, and offers 

corresponding mitigation measures. For example, for flights to high-

risk destinations, cabin crew and pilots are required to don full personal 

protection equipment (PPE), which include a gown, face shield, gloves and 

a face mask, during the flight. For layovers at high-risk destinations due 

to unforeseen technical or weather issues, employees are also required to 

follow protocol such as donning full PPE when disembarking the aircraft to 

the hotel.

CrewSafe, a bluetooth tracking token mandated by the CAAS to 

strengthen location and contact tracing, was also distributed to crew with 

layovers at overseas destinations. The data collected helps authorities 

determine the location of infection and aid contact tracing should crew 

members be tested positive for Covid-19.

These are just some of the efforts that have allowed the SIA Group to 

ensure a smooth and safe recovery of ground operations as the network 

gradually opens.

Health Safety Excellence Framework COV-19

In view of the Covid-19 pandemic, reinforcing health and safety is one of the top priorities under our Transformation 

programme. In September 2020, SIA established a Health Safety Excellence Framework to enable the Company to assess 

the adequacy of, sustain, and further improve, our health safety efforts and precautionary measures, over and above 

regulatory requirements to guard against future pandemics.

Standards

Standards were developed for key areas of infection prevention control and cleaning, both on the ground 

and on board the aircraft.

Efficacy of Measures 

Adenosine Triphosphate (ATP) testing was conducted to validate the efficacy of cleaning measures in our 

aircraft cabin, SilverKris Lounges and ION Service Centre.

Audits and Assessments

A network-wide comprehensive end-to-end assessment of on ground health and safety measures, as well 

as cabin interior cleaning was completed.

Innovation and New Initiatives

Various initiatives and precautionary measures focusing on cleanliness and hygiene, minimising contact, 

safe distancing and facilitating travel have been rolled out across the customer journey. 

SIA also piloted a digital health verification process and a one-stop online pre-departure testing portal in 

partnership with IATA and Collinson.

Proficiency of Staff

E-learning on Covid-19 related areas such as distancing and managing of unwell customers was introduced 

to our cabin crew in October 2020 and will subsequently be rolled out to frontline employees.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

54





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








Crew Competency

Our cabin crew and pilots are trained in safety and emergency procedures. They regularly attend safety and security 

courses, as well as keep abreast of safety developments and regulatory protocols through avenues such as circulars, 

campaigns and regular divisional communication sessions. The importance of providing service while keeping in mind 

safety and security measures is consistently emphasised through these channels. Some key elements from our Safety 

and Emergency Procedures Manual include, but are not limited to:

Pre-flight Safety Briefing

As part of Standard Operating Procedures, pilots undergo a pre-flight safety 

briefing. The briefing covers general safety, as well as specific aircraft, route and 

weather information for the flight. For cabin crew, a mandatory briefing is also 

conducted prior to each flight. During the session, a safety video of the aircraft 

type they will be operating in is viewed and relevant safety topics and questions are 

discussed. This safety briefing reinforces and refreshes our crew’s safety knowledge 

for each flight. With reduced flying during the Covid-19 pandemic, an aid-memoire 

was issued to crew, highlighting considerations to note when returning to flying after 

a period of lull time.

In-flight Safety Briefing

A mandatory in-flight safety briefing in the form of a safety video or live 

demonstration is carried out on all flights prior to departure. This is to increase our 

customers’ awareness on the appropriate safety measures to take during their flight 

in the unlikely event of an emergency.

Medical Emergencies and Infectious Disease Handling COV-19

Emphasis is placed on the proper handling of medical emergencies when they 

happen on board our flights. In the event of an in-flight injury or illness, our cabin 

crew are equipped with the first aid skills and knowledge to administer care to an 

unwell passenger. The unwell passenger will be attended to by the relevant medical 

authorities upon landing. Strict measures are adopted on the ground and in the 

air to minimise the spread of infectious diseases. Our ground employees and crew 

also undergo basic training on the procedures necessary to manage infectious 

diseases, in line with the health regulations and requirements implemented by local 

authorities. Cabin Safety Instructions (CSI) are issued and communicated to all crew 

as and when there are changes to the regulations and requirements. 

In FY2020/21, both our Cabin Crew Service Development and Safety, Security, 

Quality and Health departments have released several Cabin Crew Circulars to 

inform crew on Covid-19 developments, including management requirements and 

regulatory changes, which are reviewed quarterly. Videos were created and shared 

with crew via various platforms to further emphasise the importance of regulatory 

protocols. Ward Leaders perform audits on their flights and crew-in-charge are 

required to submit a declaration that inflight safety measures are adhered to during 

every flight. This way, we remain prepared to respond swiftly and appropriately in 

the face of epidemics and pandemics. 

PASSENGER SAFETY 403-5

403-7

PR-1

Emergency  

Procedures

In-flight Medical 

Emergency

Standard Operating 

Procedures

Survival

Safety Equipment  

and Systems 





















Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

55





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


PASSENGER SAFETY (CONTINUED)



Infectious Disease Handling Procedures and  

Covid-19 Measures COV-19

With the rapid spread of Covid-19, various measures were introduced both 

on the ground and in the air to ensure the health and safety of our customers 

and employees. We continue to make adjustments to these measures based 

on the evolving circumstances, taking into account the requirements and 

recommendations from the International Air Transport Association (IATA), 

government authorities and international bodies such as the World Health 

Organization (WHO). More information on our enhanced health and safety 

measures can be found on our website. 

In January 2021, SIA was awarded the Diamond rating, the highest level 

attainable, in the APEX Health Safety powered by SimpliFlying audit of global 

airlines. The audit was jointly conducted by industry body Airline Passenger 

Experience Association (APEX) and aviation strategy firm SimpliFlying. Standards 

were based on independently verified, validated, and certified airline passenger 

health safety measures, and involved a quantitative 58-point checklist covering 

testing, tracing, on-the-ground procedures, in-flight measures and partnerships to 

further enhance safety integrity, and more. 

Pre-flight Preparation and Disinfection

•	 Enhanced pre-flight briefing sessions and practical door reviews are conducted to refresh cabin 

crew’s knowledge on safety procedures, given the low frequency of flying. 

•	 To help operating crew prepare themselves prior to the ramp up of flights, videos on the proper 

donning of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) were developed.

•	 Cleaning frequencies have been increased and a long-lasting antimicrobial disinfectant coating is 

applied to frequently touched surfaces. 

Safe Distancing and Contactless Check-ins

•	 Zoning markers and alternate check-in kiosks are marked out to facilitate safe distancing.

•	 For SIA, online and mobile check-in options are provided for passengers via SIA’s website and the 

SingaporeAir mobile app. Self-service kiosks in Singapore Changi Airport also provide automated 

printing of bag tags upon scanning of digital boarding pass. 

•	 For Scoot, online check-in options are available on Scoot’s website. For flights departing from 

Singapore, Hong Kong, Melbourne, Nanjing, and Taiwan, check-in via Scoot’s mobile app and 

customer chatbot  M.A.R.V.I.E. is also available. Self-service check-in kiosks and automated bag-drop 

facilities are available in Singapore and Melbourne. 

Observation and Health Screening

•	 Temperature screening and completion of health declaration is conducted for all operating crew and 

passengers before each flight. Any passenger observed to be unwell will be referred to the airport 

medical authorities. 

•	 All airport staff wear face masks and follow safety standards mandated by the local authorities.

Grounding of Aircraft

•	 Should a passenger be offloaded from our aircraft and sent to a designated hospital due to an 

infectious disease, the aircraft will be disinfected before commencing the flight. Depending on the 

situation as well as health regulations at the departing station, the aircraft and passengers may be 

grounded for further observation, if necessary.

PRE-FLIGHT



Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

56





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


PASSENGER SAFETY (CONTINUED)



Personal Protective Equipment

•	 Infectious disease handling kits are available on board all our aircraft. 

•	 All operating crew are required to wear face masks throughout the flight, as well as plastic 

goggles or eye visors when interacting with passengers. 

Safe Distancing

•	 Different passenger groups are assigned specific seating zones to ensure segregation on board, 

in line with regulatory requirements.

•	 Cabin crew are seated in separate cabins from passengers.

Adjustments to In-flight Services and Amenities 

•	 Once on board the flight, all passengers are given a complimentary kit containing a face mask, 

hand sanitiser, and disinfectant surface wipe. 

•	 In-flight distribution of hot towels, children’s amenities, baby kit bags and arrival cards, as well 

as in-flight purchases, have been suspended to minimise contact. 

•	 Disposable earpad covers for headphones will be provided to passengers. Passengers are also 

encouraged to bring their own headphones to reduce waste.

Adjustments to Food and Beverage Services

•	 Meal services have been adjusted in line with regulatory requirements. 

•	 For customers requiring special meals, a reduced list based on the IATA guidelines will be 

available upon request.

•	 Digital in-flight menu was launched for passengers to view on their personal electronic devices.

Caring for Unwell Passengers

•	 If a passenger is unwell, they may be separated from other passengers, and a dedicated crew 

member will care for the unwell passenger. Meanwhile, other crew members will seek assistance 

from the tele-medical service provider and any onboard medical professional. 

Alerting Destination Airport Authorities

•	 If there is a suspected case of infectious disease on board the flight, pilots will alert the 

authorities at the destination airport to ensure that the unwell passenger will be attended to by 

the relevant medical authorities upon landing.

Health Screening

•	 Temperature screening, completion of health declaration and/or 

health assessment are conducted for all passengers upon arrival.

Safe Distancing and Enhanced Measures to  

Minimise Contact

•	 A baggage end-to-end self-service portal was launched to minimise 

contact between staff and passengers. The portal allows passengers 

to receive scheduled updates on the search and return status of 

their baggage, and to manage their bag delay reports.

•	 Specifically for operating crew, dedicated crew lanes for immigration 

have been marked out. Where possible, large buses are chartered 

to facilitate safe distancing. Operating crew also stay in hotels near 

airports, with dedicated floors where possible. 

Post-flight Disinfection

•	 The aircraft cabin and lavatories are disinfected to ensure that all 

surfaces are cleaned and refreshed for the next flight.

•	 Enhanced cleaning procedures for common surfaces and areas such 

as windows, tray tables, handsets, in-flight entertainment screens, 

lavatories and galleys. 

•	 In the event of a confirmed Covid-19 case, rigorous deep-cleaning 

procedures will be activated post-flight, which include the fogging 

of the entire cabin with disinfectants.

•	 Headsets, headrest covers, pillow covers, bedsheets and blankets 

are replaced after every flight. Used linens are washed at high 

temperatures to disinfect them after every use.

Safe Transits

•	 To allow passengers to transit safely through Singapore Changi 

Airport, SIA worked with Singapore Airport Terminal Services (SATS 

Ltd), Changi Airport Group (CAG) and the Civil Aviation Authority of 

Singapore (CAAS) to develop a transit handling model in Singapore. 

More information on safe transits can be found on our website.

IN-FLIGHT

POST-FLIGHT AND TRANSITS

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

57





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


PASSENGER SAFETY (CONTINUED)



In May 2020, SIA formed a Covid-19 Vaccine 

Taskforce, and has been involved in delivering 

shipments of Covid-19 vaccines to many 

destinations since.

To ensure safe and efficient transportation of 

the vaccines on passenger and freighter aircraft, 

SIA’s handling processes for pharmaceutical 

cargo is aligned with the highest industry 

standards and is certified under IATA’s CEIV 

Pharma programme and Envirotainer’s 

Qualified Envirotainer Provider Training and 

Quality Program (QEP) accreditation. These 

certifications were obtained in January and 

November 2020 respectively.

Employee Measures 

•	 All airport staff are required to wear face masks and follow safety standards mandated by the local authorities.

•	 PPE and hand sanitisers for employee use are installed at key areas.

•	 Employees are required to log their temperature twice-daily through a webform.

•	 Guided by the government’s advisory, staff have been allowed to work from home and less than 50% of our employees 

have returned to office as at 31 March 2021.

•	 Measures are taken to avoid cross-deployment of, and interaction between employees from different office premises.

Ground Premises 

•	 Facilities such as the SIA Group Sports Club and the SIA Training Centre canteen were temporarily closed.

•	 Safe distancing markings have been set up at all customer touchpoints.

•	 Enhanced premise-cleaning procedures are carried out.

•	 Pre-recorded audio announcements are broadcasted to remind passengers to maintain social distancing and to keep 

their masks on at all times.

Airport Ticketing Offices

•	 SIA’s Service Centre at ION Orchard Singapore was temporarily closed from 7 April to 30 June 2020, in line with 

Singapore’s circuit breaker measures. 

•	 All services at Singapore Changi Airport have been consolidated at Terminal 3 (T3). 

•	 Customer requests are handled via our 24-hour Contact Centre and electronic means.

SilverKris Lounges

•	 All SilverKris Lounges are closed except for the SilverKris Lounge at Singapore’s Changi Airport T3.

•	 All customers and employees are required to wear masks at all times except when eating or drinking.

•	 Social distancing markings have been set up at all areas of our SilverKris Lounges.

•	 Enhanced hygiene measures have been put in place during meal services. Customers can enjoy à la carte meals in place 

of a buffet service in most of our lounges.

•	 Electronic Menu Ordering (ELMO) via a web application is available for customers in Singapore, to facilitate contactless 

food ordering and collection. Since August 2020, over 7,500 orders have been placed, with 80% of food orders made 

through ELMO by guests themselves. This will progressively be rolled out to overseas lounges.

COVID-19 VACCINE CARRIAGE

GROUND OPERATIONS



Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

58





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


PASSENGER SAFETY (CONTINUED)



CASE STUDY ONE-TRAY SERVICE COV-19

In light of the Covid-19 pandemic, SIA adapted and introduced a one-tray meal 

service with the aim of minimising interactions between passengers and crew, while 

still ensuring the quality of our in-flight meal service. Instead of serving passengers 

each meal course separately, meal services have been streamlined to serve 

passengers their appetiser, main course and dessert on a single tray. Snack bags 

are also provided to passengers. At the peak of the pandemic, beverage options 

were limited to minimise the frequency at which passengers request for beverages. 

Moving forward, SIA will gradually return to provide the full range of beverage 

options in our original menu, while also taking safety into consideration.



Food Safety 416-2

We are committed to serving in-flight meals that meet the highest level of food safety 

and hygiene. We have a policy of not using Monosodium Glutamate (MSG) in the meals 

served to our customers. Our caterers ensure that ingredients are sourced from licenced 

and accredited establishments, which conform to the requirements of relevant regulatory 

authorities, as well as the Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points (HACCP) and 

International Organization for Standardisation (ISO) systems. The Quality Assurance team 

from our local caterer, SATS Ltd, conducts factory audits on external suppliers, regular 

laboratory tests and random quality checks on incoming raw ingredients.

Locally-manufactured items are procured from establishments licenced by the Singapore 

Food Agency (SFA), or the equivalent authority in other countries. In addition to our 

caterers’ food safety compliance with their local regulations, we engaged Medina Quality 

Assurance to conduct regular audits on SATS Ltd and selected overseas stations. 

Globally, all of our caterers are certified by their relevant local authorities for food safety 

and hygiene. Caterers are required to comply with their local laws and regulations. Local 

authorities will advise SATS Ltd of such regulations during the development of meals, to 

ensure meals prepared are in line with local regulations. These include allergen labelling, 

and minimum food safety requirements for food handling for safe distribution into 

foreign countries.

In FY2020/21, there were zero incidents of non-compliance to food safety and hygiene 

that resulted in any fines, penalties or warnings.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

59





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE 403-4

403-5

403-7

PR-1

Fire Emergency Plan (FEP)

•	 Includes procedures for occupants and 

building management to follow in the 

event of a fire emergency

•	 Regular fire evacuation drills are 

conducted to test the effectiveness of 

the plan

Arson Prevention Plan (APP)

•	 Includes procedures to safeguard the 

building’s fire safety system against security 

threats arising from arson attacks





We have a robust set of measures in place to protect our stakeholders and assets in the 

event of an on-ground emergency. Our Company Emergency Response Team (CERT) is 

the first to respond to an emergency to prevent further escalation.

The primary objective of CERT is to mitigate and control an emergency during the initial stages prior to the arrival of the 

Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF). Our Emergency Response Plan (ERP) is a comprehensive plan that integrates our 

Fire Emergency Plan and Arson Prevention Plan.





With our FEP setting the roles and responsibilities for 

occupants and building management to follow in the 

event of a fire emergency, our stakeholders are able to 

respond swiftly to a fire in any of our office premises. 

We aim to conduct at least two fire evacuation drills 

for each office location in Singapore annually. In 

FY2020/21, SCDF granted a waiver for fire evacuation 

drills to be postponed in view of the Covid-19 safe 

management measures during mass evacuation and 

assembly. Notwithstanding the postponement of the 

fire evacuation drills, SIA conducted biannual tabletop 

exercises with our Fire Wardens and CERT members. 

Fire evacuation drills will be planned the following year 

in FY2021/22, pending further guidance from SCDF.

Crisis management exercises were also conducted on 

a regular basis. These are scenario-driven exercises 

for participants to derive solutions to likely emergency 

scenarios. It is intended to assist our Fire Safety 

Managers (FSMs) and building managers in addressing 

our occupants’ needs when emergencies arise from 

a security or terrorist threat. During the exercises, 

surfaced issues will be discussed and assessed. 

Solutions will be drawn up and implemented to ensure 

the preparedness and readiness of the Company to 

address such emergencies.





Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

60





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








HAZARD IDENTIFICATION AND RISK MANAGEMENT 403-2

403-3

403-4

403-5

403-7

PR-1

Hazard identification is part of our risk management process, which is centred around the principle of managing justifiable risks at the right time and at the right level. We evaluate the probability and potential 

consequences from the exposure of identified hazards, and determine the appropriate measures to prevent the occurrence of such situations.





 

Hazard Identification



STEP

1

We identify hazards from processes that are predictive, proactive and reactive. 

The scope for hazards is wide and may relate to factors that are communication, design, human, organisational, procedural, regulatory or work environment in nature.

The Covid-19 pandemic has brought with it a new set of operations to cater to the growing demand for cargo transportation. Together with our business units 

and service provider SATS Ltd, Airport Operations Safety, Compliance and Performance (AOSCP) reviewed the hazards and risks associated with the new 

operations and came up with mitigation measures to manage these risks. The measures were also shared with our stations to raise awareness.





Risk Mitigation



STEP

3

We adopt three basic strategies in risk mitigation:

•	

Avoidance

•	

Reduction

•	

Segregation of exposure

A combination of measures such as administrative or engineering controls, procedures, equipment or contingency plans are taken into consideration to 

contain risks. Control measures that are higher up in the hierarchy of controls, such as elimination and substitution, will be considered first.





Risk Assessment



STEP

2

We perform risk assessments based on the probability of the hazard causing harm or adverse consequences, and take into consideration the severity of  

their outcomes.





Implementation



STEP

4

We communicate the adopted measures to our internal stakeholders prior to its implementation. These may come in the form of bulletins, notices  

and workshops.  

A system is also in place to monitor compliance and to assess the adequacy of these measures.





Review



STEP

5

We conduct reviews to assess the adequacy of risk management and ensure that the implemented controls are effective.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

61





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


HAZARD IDENTIFICATION AND RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)



Hazard Reporting

Our employees are encouraged to identify and address 

hazards across our operations and workplaces without fear 

of reprisal. Hazard reports can be submitted electronically 

via our employee portal or through hard copies. Since 

FY2019/20, employees can submit their hazard reports and 

photos through 1SQ, our one-stop employee mobile app. 

All hazard reports are routed to the respective division 

or department to investigate and implement measures 

to remove these hazards. An initial risk assessment 

and investigation findings of the hazard will have to be 

submitted within two weeks.

Each report brings us a step closer to a safer environment for all our employees. All reported hazards 

have been investigated and addressed during the year. To raise awareness of hazards among our 

employees and to encourage them to step forward to report hazards, all hazard reports and notable 

case studies are circulated internally through our quarterly Hazards Newsletter.

Fatigue Risk Management

Our Flight Operations Division and Cabin Crew Division have a Fatigue Risk Management (FRM) 

framework in place to manage fatigue risk while operating flights. This framework includes a fatigue 

reporting system for crew to submit reports of fatigue that they might have experienced while 

performing their duties. These reports, together with tools such as a bio-mathematical fatigue model 

and fatigue surveys, will be used by the management to determine areas of fatigue concern across our 

operations. Employees who are involved in crew rostering and scheduling are trained in the science 

of risk management. SIA is also an active member of the IATA Fatigue Management Task Force, which 

keeps abreast of the latest regulatory and industry developments in the area.

Pilot Psychological Well-being 403-6

The mental well-being of our pilots is important to us. We have a comprehensive psychological 

support framework place, which involves trained peer counsellors, aviation psychiatrists and 

psychologists, as well as the Civil Aviation Medical Board, to care for the mental well-being of our 

pilots. In addition to this framework, we abide by medical reporting guidelines, creating a safe 

environment for reporting and for pilots to seek assistance if required.

Systematic Alcohol Screening

Safety is our highest priority and we view cases related to alcohol consumption seriously. SIA has clear 

policies regarding the consumption of alcohol for our operating crew and these policies are constantly 

reinforced. In accordance with CAAS guidelines, SIA implemented the Airline Alcohol Management 

Programme (AAMP), which involves detection through alcohol test screening, following a risk-based, 

randomised approach. Prior to flight departure, certified ground employees will perform alcohol 

breathalyser tests on our operating flight crew reporting for duty. This programme is over and above 

the Airport Alcohol Testing Programme (AATP), which CAAS maintains and enforces. 

Our flight crew are prohibited from consuming alcohol within 10 hours from their flight duty. They are 

also encouraged to highlight any concerns they may have regarding the well-being and safety of our 

customers, fellow crew members and the aircraft they operate in. We continue to take all necessary 

measures to ensure that our flight crew are reminded of their responsibilities and the consequences of 

not adhering to these policies.









100%

of all reported hazards 

have been investigated 

and addressed in 

FY2020/21

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

62





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








Aircraft Incident Procedures

Extending beyond our legal and regulatory requirements, strong emphasis is placed on incident reporting and investigation so that an occurrence of a 

similar nature may be prevented in the future.

AIRCRAFT INCIDENTS 403-2

403-5

403-7

PR-1





Reporting

A robust set of reporting procedures are 

in place for different incident types. All 

incidents have to be reported promptly.

•	 Air miss, air proximity, air traffic control, 

resolution advisory incidents, traffic 

collision avoidance system

•	 Flight incidents

•	 Ground incidents

•	 Incidents involving crew injury or illness

•	 Incidents involving passenger and 

supernumerary injury or illness

•	 Incidents involving tail strike

•	 Significant or serious incidents

•	 Suspected and actual bird strikes





Actions

Key stakeholder groups are engaged upon 

notification of the incident or receipt of the 

incident report. They include:

•	 Fleet

•	 Safety, Security and Quality (SSQ)

•	 SIAEC

•	 SIA Operations Control Centre 

•	 Station Managers and Cargo Managers





Investigation

The purpose of the investigation is 

to determine facts, conditions and 

circumstances pertaining to the incident 

so that actions can be taken to prevent 

recurrence. 

All incidents, investigations and actions 

taken will be compiled by SSQ into a  

bi-monthly summary, which will be  

reviewed by the Air Safety Committee.





Communication

Incidents and investigation reports are 

made available to all employees on the SSQ 

W@ves portal to increase the level of safety 

awareness and education.

















Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

63





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








SIA has procedures in place to manage workplace incidents and accidents. In the event that an employee suffers from a work-related injury, swift action will be taken to care for the employee.

We also have a Confidential Incident Reporting programme to encourage employees to share any hazards, unsafe acts or situations encountered at the workplace. Reports submitted under this programme will 

be treated in strict confidence. The identity of the reporter will be kept confidential, and their personal details are only disclosed should the SSQ department require further information for investigation.

Work-related Injuries34 403-9

In FY2020/21, we reported zero work-related fatalities and zero high-consequence work-related injuries. We recorded 45 work-related injuries for our ground employees, six work-related injuries for our cabin 

crew, and zero work-related injuries for our pilots, with an overall work-related injury rate of 4.3 injuries per million man-hours worked. 

Each work-related injury is documented and the cause for such injuries are identified. Additional measures are put in place to ensure that such incidents do not occur in the future.  We continue to closely 

monitor the situation together with our stakeholders to ensure the safety and well-being of our employees. 

In FY2020/21, we recorded zero work-related injuries for our key contractors.

WORKPLACE INCIDENTS 403-3

PR-1

34 

Please refer to the Appendix for definitions and methodologies. 

35 

Workers ill-health data reported only covers SIA and SilkAir’s operations. Please refer to the Appendix for details on reporting boundaries.

36 

Rates are calculated per million man-hours worked.

37 

Workers man-hours worked and workplace injuries data reported only covers SIA and SilkAir’s operations. Please refer to the Appendix for details on reporting boundaries.

Employees35

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Estimated number of man-hours worked

22,856,786

11,786,518

Number (and rate36) of fatalities as a result 

of work-related injuries

0

0

Number (and rate36) of high-consequence 

work-related injuries 

0

0

Number (and rate36) of recordable  

work-related injuries

606

(26.5)

51

(4.3)

Main types of work-related injuries

•	 Slip, trips and falls

•	 Struck by falling objects such as cabin baggage

•	 Over-exertion and strenuous movements

•	 Exposure to extreme temperatures such as scalds

Workers who are non-employees37

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Scope of workers who are non-employees

Key contractors only (cleaners, maintenance, 

landscaping, warehouse operations)

Estimated number of man-hours worked

1,294,689

1,421,863

Number (and rate36) of fatalities as a result 

of work-related injuries

0

(0.0)

0

(0.0)

Number (and rate36) of high-consequence 

work-related injuries (excluding fatalities)

0

(0.0)

0

(0.0)

Number (and rate36) of recordable  

work-related injuries

2

(1.5)

0

(0.0)

Main types of work-related injuries

Slip, trips and falls

Nil









0

work-related fatalities and high 

consequence work-related injuries 

for employees and key contractors 

in FY2020/21

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

64





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


WORKPLACE INCIDENTS (CONTINUED)



Work-related Ill-health38 403-10

In FY2020/21, we recorded 21 cases of work-related ill-health for our employees, most of which were 

related to noise-induced deafness. We recorded zero cases of work-related ill-health for our key 

contractors. 

Employees

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Number of fatalities as a result of  

work-related ill-health

0

0

Number of recordable work-related  

ill-health

0

21

Main types of work-related ill-health

Nil

Noise-induced deafness

Workers who are non-employees39

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Scope of workers who are non-employees

Key contractors only (cleaners, maintenance, 

landscaping, warehouse operations)

Number of fatalities as a result of  

work-related ill-health

0

0

Number of recordable work-related  

ill-health

0

0

Main types of work-related ill-health

Nil

Nil

38 

 Please refer to the Appendix for definitions and methodologies.

39 

 Workers ill-health data reported only covers SIA and SilkAir’s operations. Please refer to the Appendix for details on reporting boundaries.

CASE STUDY PROTECTING OUR EMPLOYEES IN  

THE PANDEMIC COV-19

As at 29 June 2021, more than 12,800 employees have received at least one dose of the 

Covid-19 vaccine. This includes almost 7,500 cabin crew and more than 2,500 pilots from 

across the Group, or over 97% of our active flying crew. To allay concerns of employees and 

address their queries on the vaccine and the vaccination process, virtual townhall briefings were 

conducted with medical experts. Comprehensive circulars on the vaccination process were also 

distributed to all staff. In line with government measures to curb the spread of the Covid-19 

virus, mandatory work from home arrangements were enforced from April to September 2020. 

From October 2020, employees progressively returned to work at the office on a split team 

rotational basis. Additional measures implemented as they returned to the workplace included 

twice-daily wipe downs of workstations and common surfaces, antimicrobial surface treatments, 

staggered work times and lunch breaks, safe distancing, and Safe Entry log-in requirements. Safe 

Management Officers were also appointed to ensure that all safety measures were adhered to 

at our offices. Daily health checks were required for all employees. Scoot distributed over 1,400 

thermometers in total to employees who did not have one.



Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

65





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








We believe in involving all employees to build a positive safety culture in SIA. Apart from training, employees are made aware of their 

individual safety obligations and other safety-critical information through a wide spectrum of communication channels and safety activities. 

EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT 403-4

403-5

Safety Surveys

SSQ conducts Safety Climate Surveys once every three years to identify safety issues that employees encounter in their daily operations. Their feedback and insights on potential safety implications are sought. 

This allows employees to clarify any doubts they may have regarding unsafe work procedures or conditions. Divisions in SIA are encouraged to conduct customised safety surveys to dive deep into specific 

issues relating to the division’s scope of work. For instance, the Cabin Crew Division and Flight Operations Division conduct a safety survey with our pilots and cabin crew every two years. This survey assesses 

areas such as safety management, violations observed during operations and readiness of our crew to report on safety matters. It provides an overall assessment of the safety climate and culture, as well as 

safety concerns of our crew. A comprehensive list of quantitative and qualitative performance indicators helps us measure the effectiveness of our efforts. These indicators are reviewed on a quarterly basis and 

are benchmarked against industry standards.

Safety Training and Communication 

All employees are equipped with safety skills and knowledge required for them to perform their duties and respond appropriately when the need arises. All newly recruited employees will have to undergo 

a comprehensive safety training programme, including specialised and vocational training. Continual education is also provided regularly through various channels to keep our employees abreast of recent 

developments. It also gives them the opportunity to familiarise themselves with various operational systems. Flight Operations management and relevant staff who conduct safety investigations in their scope 

of work are required to undergo a Safety Investigation course. Those managing operational safety also undergo training in Safety Management from accredited organisations such as IATA and the Singapore 

Aviation Academy. Given reduced flying due to the Covid-19 pandemic, crew recency and proficiency are maintained through flight simulators.

To facilitate the dissemination of important safety and operational data, company iPads have been provided to all pilots to give them constant and timely access to emails and operational information on-the-

go. Pilots are also kept abreast of operational events, safety incidents and any other important issues via regular Safety Newsletters and fortnightly Flight Operations Notices. Fleet talks are hosted on  

W@ves via a ‘Twitter Board’, where management from respective fleets posts messages relating to pilot movements and aircraft incidents. As W@ves will be decommissioned in April 2021, this will be hosted 

on SQhub moving forward.

With the Singapore Airlines and SilkAir integration, additional measures on safety have been introduced to ensure that highest safety standards are maintained. These measures include the integration of 

SilkAir’s safety framework with SIA’s, and additional briefings and webinars for newly integrated crew on SIA’s Flight Operations safety processes.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

66





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT (CONTINUED)



Safety Forums and Events

Safety Focus Forums

Pilots are regularly updated on recent safety incidents, fatigue risk 

management and safety performance at our Safety Focus Forums, 

which are held once every two months. 

Due to the Covid-19 restrictions, the FY2020/21 fleet and safety 

forums were held virtually, additionally covering operational safety 

risks related to the Covid-19 such as reduced recency and mental 

fortitude. Over 200 pilots participated in the event.

Flight Operations Safety Day

The Flight Operations Safety Day is held annually as a means to 

promote safety and raise awareness among pilots on safety-related 

issues. On 30 October 2020, the event was held virtually for pilots 

from the SIA Group including SilkAir, Scoot and Vistara. 

Internal and external speakers from SIA Flight Operations Division, 

SilkAir, Scoot, Vistara, Changi Airport Group (CAG) and Mind 

What Matters Psychological Consultancy were invited to speak at 

the event, covering topics such as building operational resilience 

during the pandemic and maintaining personal mental well-being. 

These speakers have carved their niche in areas such as aviation 

policy, aviation security, airport operations, crisis management, 

psychological well-being, safety investigations, quality assurance 

and human factors. 

Over 300 people attended this event, which included flight crew 

from SIA, SilkAir Scoot and Vistara, external guests, and safety 

personnel from other divisions. 

CASE STUDY 

SAFETY AND SECURITY WEEK 2020: OPERATIONAL RESILIENCE IN THE 

NEW AVIATION LANDSCAPE

For the first time, the SIA Group’s Safety and Security Week (SSW) was held virtually in October 2020, and attended 

by nearly 1,000 participants from our network around the world. This year’s theme “Operational Resilience in the New 

Aviation Landscape” aptly emphasised the importance of building resilience in our operations to adapt and respond 

quickly to the changes posed by highly disruptive events. 

Guest speakers were invited to share their knowledge and insights at SSW 2020. Mr Lawrence Chng, Principal Specialist 

(Emergency Preparedness) from the CAAS, shared his views on the unprecedented challenges faced by the industry 

and the airport authority’s initiatives in enabling safe air travel across borders. There were also presentations by SIA 

operational units on the various risks posed by Covid-19, and the mitigative measures taken, in their respective areas. 

Over the course of the week, a series of mostly virtual events focusing on aviation safety and security in these unusual 

times was held across the SIA Group as well. One key highlight of SSW 2020 was the presentation of the SIA Group 

Safety and Security Awards and Citations. A total of five Safety Awards, nine Safety Citations and four Security Citations 

were awarded to our employees in the SIA Group and our service providers, in recognition of their efforts to help avert 

safety and security incidents or promote safe and secure practices.

The SIA Group Safety Award is presented to individuals who exhibit exemplary judgement and skills in preventing 

an accident or major mishap from happening, or in managing and overcoming a difficult situation. It is presented to 

individuals who discover or correct major flaws in our aircraft or equipment systems, or contributed consistently and 

significantly towards safety.

The SIA Group Safety Citation and Security Citation are presented to individuals who exhibit good judgement and 

skills in preventing or in handling an incident. It is also presented to individuals who contribute noteworthy efforts to 

promoting safety.

403-6

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

67





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX






CUSTOMER-FOCUS

103-1

103-2

103-3

Key Engagement Activities

Key Policies, Processes  

and Systems

OUR MANAGEMENT APPROACH

• 

Customer Experience Management 

System 

• 

Customer Insights Portal 

• 

Performance Improvement 

Framework 

• 

Privacy Policy 

• 

Quality Framework 

• 

Quality Management System 

• 

Service Audits 

• 

SOAR as ONE Service Philosophy 

SIA’s Ambitions

Supporting the UN SDGs

We endeavour to offer customers the 

best travel experience through service 

excellence and proactive customer 

engagement. 

FY2020/21 in Numbers

2.7 

percentage point

improvement in SIA’s Customer Satisfaction  

Score (CSAT) compared to FY2019/20

Engagement Mode

Frequency

Annual Report,  

Sustainability Report 

Yearly

Customer Communications 

Channels (Chatbot, E-mail, 

Hotline, Live Chat, Social Media, 

etc.) 

Regular

Customer Research (Feedback 

Forms, Focus Groups, Voice of 

Customer Post-flight Surveys, 

etc.)

Regular

Press Releases 

As required

Publications (KrisWorld 

Magazine, Priority Magazine, 

SilverKris Magazine, etc.) 

Regular

A focus on optimal customer experience is 

intrinsically linked to the Singapore Airlines 

brand promise. Whether pre-flight, in-flight 

or post-flight, we endeavour to make every 

journey personal. We continue to put the 

emphasis on better understanding our 

customers’ needs, so that we can make every 

journey safe, seamless and personal, with the 

best-in-class in-flight products and service.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

68





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX






First to offer 

free headsets, 

as well as choice 

of meals and 

free drinks in 

Economy Class, 

in the 1970s 

First to fly the 

Airbus A380 

superjumbo, 

from Singapore 

to Sydney, in 

2007

First to host a 

live TV broadcast 

on board (F1 

interview) with 

onboard WiFi 

connectivity in 

2019

First to offer 

audio- and 

video-on-demand 

capabilities on 

KrisWorld in all 

cabin classes in 

2001 

First to fly non-

stop across the 

Pacific between 

Hong Kong and 

San Francisco in 

1989

First to introduce 

satellite-based  

in-flight 

telephones in 

1991 

First to launch 

Global Express 

high-speed 

internet 

connectivity on 

the A380 aircraft 

in 2017

First to fly the 

lightweight and 

fuel-efficient 

Boeing 787-10 

Dreamliner in 

2018  

First to launch 

a personalised 

in-flight 

entertainment 

system, 

myKrisWorld, in 

2017

First to offer 

pre-ordering of 

in-flight meals 

for Suites, 

First Class, and 

Business Class 

customers in 

2018 

First to involve a 

panel of world-

renowned chefs, 

the International 

Culinary Panel, 

in developing 

in-flight meals  

in 1998

First to launch 

Thales AVANT 

system with 

new navigation 

options and 

interfaces in 

2017

First to offer 

pre-ordering 

meals from 

different cuisine 

categories 

under its 

Child Meal 

Programme in 

2019 































First to introduce 

a Companion 

App, which allows 

customers to 

control their in-flight 

entertainment 

experiences  

through their 

mobile  

phone,  

in 2016

First to pilot 

International 

Air Transport 

Association’s 

(IATA) Travel 

Pass mobile 

application for 

digital health 

verification  

in 2021







We do our utmost to make every journey personal. 

CUSTOMER-FOCUS

Understanding our customers’ needs and enhancing their experience are key principles that guide our business decisions. We seek to improve the service that our customers receive at various touchpoints, 

anticipating their needs, and delighting them throughout their journey. We want our customers to be assured that they can expect the highest standards of service and efficiency from us, both on the ground 

and in the air.  

SIA recognises the value of innovation. As a market leader and industry trendsetter, we are proud to have achieved significant milestones through the decades that has made us the world’s most awarded airline.

Industry-

leading 

Innovations

69





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX

Our awards won in FY2020/21 can be found on page 69 of the FY2020/21 SIA Annual Report.


The Discover Your Singapore Airlines suite of experiences was launched on 29 September 2020 to engage our customers and fans in Singapore, at a time of limited travel. The suite of experiences comprised 

three initiatives that had been specially curated to give our customers the opportunity to experience Singapore Airlines in new, innovative ways, and to reconnect with our brand. 

Over two weekends in October and November 2020, 

Singapore Airlines hosted diners in two of our A380 

double-decker superjumbos at Singapore Changi Airport. 

Customers were treated to a unique lunch or dinner event, 

with pre-dining activities, exclusive shopping discounts, 

and a memorable dining experience in a cabin class of 

their choice. The experience was made complete with 

a selection of over 1,000 movies, television shows and 

music available for customers to be entertained, all while 

enjoying the award-winning service from our cabin crew. 

All seats that were initially made available at the launch 

were reserved within 30 minutes of opening. In response 

to the strong demand by our customers, SIA launched 

more seatings for Restaurant A380 @Changi.





Restaurant A380 @Changi 

SIA@Home was launched for customers who were keen to 

enjoy the world-renowned SIA in-flight dining experience 

in the comfort of their own home. Customers got to 

choose from 10 menus featuring our exclusive First Class 

and Business Class meals, which came complete with wine 

or champagne. Limited edition tableware and amenities 

were also available, depending on the package chosen. 

Due to the strong demand from our customers, we 

continued SIA@Home with a Christmas festive menu in 

December 2020 and launched a Chinese New Year menu 

in 2021. 

To experience SIA@Home, click here.





SIA@Home 

Over two weekends in November 2020, Inside Singapore 

Airlines offered an opportunity for our customers and fans to 

go behind the scenes for an exclusive tour of the SIA Training 

Centre. Visitors were brought on a tour of more than 70 years 

of SIA’s history, and got the chance to interact with our pilots 

and cabin crew to find out more about the intensive training 

they undergo, among other activities. 

Children got to enjoy craft activities such as balloon sculpting 

and making their own batik roses. They also had the option 

to dress up and role play as cabin crew, and take home their 

very own SIA sarong kebaya uniform. Adults could opt to 

operate a full flight simulator, taste some of our premium in-

flight wine labels, and attend a grooming workshop. Visitors 

were also able to get a taste of the new regional Economy 

Class meals that were about to be launched.





Inside Singapore Airlines  

CUSTOMER-FOCUS (CONTINUED)



CASE STUDY DISCOVER YOUR SINGAPORE AIRLINES SUITE OF EXPERIENCES 

COV-19

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

70





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








Understanding our customers and going the extra mile for them when they travel with us. 

CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT 

SOAR as ONE COV-19

In 2017, we introduced SOAR as ONE as our service philosophy to reinforce our longstanding commitment to service excellence with a single unified call to action across the SIA 

Group and our service partners. Structured service training programmes enable our employees to appreciate and understand their roles in the service chain, and their impact on 

the overall customer experience. This allows us to align and reinforce a service culture that engenders consistently high service delivery standards across all touchpoints.  

Despite the Covid-19 pandemic, an emphasis on service culture training continued to be upheld in FY2020/21, through SOAR as ONE virtual trainings conducted by SIA’s 

Corporate Learning Centre (CLC) for frontline employees, including cabin crew and service partners from SATS Ltd and call centres. Similarly, service recognition schemes, like the 

annual CEO Service Excellence Awards, which seek to recognise exemplary individuals and teams for their outstanding service and service innovation ideas, continued. In the first-

ever virtual CEO Service Excellence Awards held in August 2020, a total of 29 individual and team awards were presented to 341 employees, as well as staff of our service partners.  







Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

71





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT (CONTINUED)



CASE STUDY 

SETTING THE TONE FOR OUTSTANDING SERVICE 

THROUGH EXEMPLARY LEADERSHIP 

CASE STUDY 

GOING FURTHER TO PROVIDE STERLING SERVICE





Mitchelle Chua  

Inflight Manager  

SIA Cabin Crew 

Division

Shahul Hamid 

Senior Passenger 

Relations Officer 

SIA SilverKris Lounge 

Singapore 

*Customer names have been changed to protect their privacy.

Mitchelle is an inspiring role model and ambassador for SIA through 

her exemplary leadership. 

As a team leader who is always ready to share, Mitchelle readily 

guides her team with her knowledge and experience as a sommelier, 

French-speaking crew and an SIA Toastmaster. She strives to create 

a conducive learning environment for the junior crew by providing 

constant encouragement and guidance in areas where they can 

perform better. During flights, she leads by example and works 

alongside her crew as a team player. Beyond sharing her experience 

and knowledge, Mitchelle displays genuine care and concern for her 

crew’s health and well-being, often brewing Chinese herbal tea for 

her colleagues and celebrating their birthdays on board. To ensure 

the safety of her crew, she readily shares her supply of face masks and 

reminds crew to practise good hygiene on board flights. 

With her high energy levels and personable disposition, she also 

displays boundless initiative in elevating customer service to the next 

level. She is always supportive of divisional initiatives that aim to create 

better experiences for our customers, especially during the year-end 

festive season. She is also a sustainability advocate, and volunteers at 

SIA’s Environment Roadshow.  

Before I stepped on the jet bridge, Mitchelle greeted me by name 

without even looking at the boarding pass. It was such a warm 

welcome and I knew it was going to be a great flight. On board the 

flight, Mitchelle and her three crew members in Suites upheld the high 

standards of Singapore Airlines and made it one of the best Singapore 

Airlines flights I have ever experienced. (They) complemented each 

other very well (and) really upheld the high standard of SIA. – An SIA customer* 

Shahul has the innate ability to understand customers’ needs and can 

resolve complex situations all while exhibiting a high level of empathy. 

When a customer shared his concerns over the delay of his flight 

to London, Shahul proactively searched for alternative flights and 

followed through with Customer Contact Services, Route Revenue, and 

the Reservations and Ticketing teams to secure a seat for the customer. 

Armed with tact and discretion, he has also shown his ability to handle 

sensitive and complex situations. When attending to an alleged 

harassment incident in the lounge, Shahul managed the situation 

professionally and defused the tension through mediation. At the 

same time, he ensured the safety of our customers by keeping both 

parties at arm’s length to prevent any physical altercations from taking 

place.  

When a PPS Club member accidentally soiled his clothes, Shahul 

proactively bought him a new pair of trousers to replace his stained 

ones. These examples highlight his sincerity and willingness to go 

beyond the call of duty to ensure our customers’ comfort and well-

being. 

Shahul’s empathetic and anticipative nature, coupled with tact and 

discretion, have enabled him to resolve many situations with empathy 

and professionalism. 

I write to commend some of your colleagues. At Changi Airport, I fell 

ill and dirtied my clothes. I went to the First Class Lounge to have a 

shower. One of the staff, Mr Shahul, helped me to buy a new pair of 

pants for me. Please convey my thanks to all of them.”– An SIA customer* 

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

72





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT (CONTINUED)



Leveraging Insights to Design Our 

Customer Journey and Deliver a 

Positive SIA Experience

Maintaining open lines of communication with our 

customers enables us to understand their needs, and 

identify opportunities to improve our service offerings. 

We proactively engage our customers on a regular 

basis and enhance the customer experience to meet 

their needs and exceed their expectations. 

To consolidate customer insights gathered across 

all customer touchpoints, SIA piloted the use of the 

Customer Insights Portal (CIP) in FY2019/20. This 

was implemented and rolled out organisation-wide in 

FY2020/21. 

SIA’s Customer Affairs (CA) department attends to 

customer feedback and enquiries daily, ensuring 

that they are promptly addressed. Where necessary, 

investigations are carried out prior to any given 

response. This allows the CA department to assess 

and adopt the appropriate service recovery methods 

and restore our customers’ confidence in SIA. A case 

management system is used to track case assignments 

and closures. In addition, key performance indicator 

reports are regularly prepared to monitor achieved 

response rates at each station, department and 

individual levels. Ensuring a positive customer 

experience across all touchpoints is a key priority for 

Singapore Airlines. Customer satisfaction is measured 

by way of metrics across our various touchpoints. 

Some examples of touchpoints we measure are 

summarised in the graphic on the right.

Maintaining open lines of communication with our 

ustomers enables us to understand their needs and 

We proactively engage our customers on a

egular basis and enhance the customer experience to 

meet their needs and exceed their expectations.

o consolidate customer insights gathered through all 

ustomer touchpoints, SIA piloted the use of the 

ustomer Insights Portal (CIP) in FY2019/20, which has 

een implemented and rolled out organisationwide

n FY2020/21. By aggregating customer feedback and 

entiments on a single platform and leveraging 

ata-driven insights, SIA can make more informed 

ecisions to enhance the customer experience.

ustomer feedback and enquiries daily, with a target 

esponse time of 10 working days. This ensures that 

ustomer enquiries and feedback are promptly

ddressed. Where necessary, investigations are carried 

ut prior to any given response. This allows the CA 

epartment to assess and adopt the appropriate service 

ecovery methods and restore our

s used to track case assignments and closures. In 

ddition, key performance indicator reports are regularly 

repared to monitor achieved response

ates at each station, department and individual levels. 

nsuring a positive customer experience across all 

ouchpoints is a key priority for Singapore Airlines. 

ustomer satisfaction is measured by way of

metrics across our various touchpoints. Some examples 

re summarised in the graphic on the right.

Seamless 

Experience

Health and 

Safety

Website

SingaporeAir 

Mobile App

Customer 

Contact Services

Check-in

SilverKris

Lounges

Boarding

Cabin Crew

In-ﬂight Food 

&amp; Beverage 

In-ﬂight 

Entertainment

Cabin 

Cleanliness

Seats

Baggage

Handling

Transit

The SIA 

Customer 

Journey

Post-ﬂight

Pre-ﬂight

End-to-End

Day of 

travel

In-ﬂight

Please refer to the 

Safety section on 

pages 55 to 59 for 

more information.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

73





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT (CONTINUED)



Leveraging Digital Platforms and Data Analytics 

SIA aims to transform our business using digital solutions, which allow us to thrive in a rapidly 

changing global environment. We are constantly on the lookout for new digital tools to adopt and to 

further leverage data analytics to better engage our customers, streamline feedback, and respond 

more effectively to their concerns. Digital tools and platforms such as social media and mobile 

applications help us stay connected with our customers and improve on the delivery of our offerings as 

well as the overall customer experience. 

Digital Platform Enhancements   

In FY2020/21, we continued to work on offering more self-service features on our website to improve 

customer convenience and provide a more seamless travel experience. Through our website and 

the SingaporeAir mobile app, customers have easy access to a range of important information they 

need, including flight itineraries and updates, weather at destination, as well as baggage tracking 

status. If special assistance is required, our agents are equipped with the knowledge and skills to assist 

customers. Our latest developments in digital platform enhancements, process improvements and 

quality management have translated into higher customer satisfaction scores in FY2020/21.









Keeping in Touch With Customers Through Social Media Platforms  

Social media is an important communication platform through which we engage with our customers, 

communicate important travel information, and obtain feedback. SIA’s social media presence on 

Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Linkedin, Youtube, Weibo and WeChat serve as additional touchpoints 

for online customer engagement. In 2014, the Social Media Engagement Unit (SMEU) was established 

to provide round-the-clock service for our customers. The SMEU responds to customer feedback on 

SIA’s social media channels and provides assistance with requests and issues 24 hours a day, seven 

days a week. 

Digitalisation and Data Analytics to Manage Customers’ Feedback

The Customer Affairs (CA) department employs digital solutions and data analytics to automate 

and better manage SIA’s feedback handling process. For example, the natural language processing 

features of the Customer Feedback Analytics (CFA) allows for automated extraction of customer 

information, better feedback classification, facilitates case routing and prioritisation of time-sensitive 

cases. By the end of FY2020/21, the department has saved approximately 2,800 man-hours from the 

launch of CFA in March 2018. In particular, the prioritisation of the handling of customer requests for 

refunds, re-bookings and ticket cancellations in relation to the Covid-19 pandemic has helped the 

department manage the surge in feedback volume during the initial period of the outbreak. 



















Other digital initiatives implemented by the CA 

department include the introduction of online self-help 

options in January 2020, the elimination of paper 

customer feedback forms in March 2020, and the roll-

out of electronic vouchers for online redemptions in 

KrisShop in October 2020. Submission of feedback via 

our online channels instead of through paper forms has 

alleviated concerns on the transmission of the Covid-19 

virus through the physical handling of hardcopy forms. 

Beyond improving customer response time, these 

digital initiatives have helped reduce paper usage and 

time spent on manual processing, enabling the support 

team to perform higher-skilled tasks. 



Better Service Through Digital Tools for Process Automation 

Sales Return Bot 

Automated sales 

return report 

generation, 

thereby reducing 

manual processing 

and saving over 

500 man-hours 

annually

Seat Displacement  

Bot 

Automated 

removal of 

passenger name 

records from 

queue, thereby 

saving over 

SGD37,000 

annually 

Schedule Change Bot 

Automated manual 

processes for 

following up with 

customers on schedule 

changes, thereby 

bringing about savings 

of over SGD103,000 

annually 

Service Recovery 

Bot 

Automated the 

deposit of KrisFlyer 

miles into members’ 

accounts, thereby 

reducing manual 

processing of miles 

crediting and saving 

over 600 man-hours 

annually

Saved

2,800

man-hours in 

FY2020/21

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

74





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT (CONTINUED)



Enhancing Communications Through the Covid-19 Pandemic  

Even as border controls are tightened globally, we remain connected with our customers and keep them updated on how we can support their travel plans. 

COV-19





















Ensuring frontliners are 

well-equipped to support 

customers  

Keeping customers up to date 

on the latest Covid-19-related 

updates 

Taking care of customers’ 

travel arrangements  

Providing access to Covid-19-

related information through a 

dedicated information centre

Restoring confidence in  

air travel 

As global travel remains impacted 

by frequent changes to travel 

restrictions and regulations, our 

contact centres and reservation 

offices continue to work closely 

with all business units to ensure 

that our frontline service 

employees and self-service 

channels are kept updated with 

the latest information. This allows 

our employees to render the 

best assistance to our customers, 

helping them manage their travel 

needs amidst the complexities of 

new Covid-19-related measures.

The Travel Advisory page, which is 

accessible on our website and the 

SingaporeAir mobile app, was set 

up to provide information on the 

latest entry requirements to various 

countries including Singapore. If a 

customer is unable to fly to their 

planned destination, they can opt to 

be notified when a country’s travel 

status changes to allow more general 

travel. As at January 2021, over 

590,000 transactions were managed 

via our Travel Advisory page. 

In addition, customers can subscribe 

to notification alerts or visit the News 

Alerts section on the Singapore 

Airlines website for Covid-19-related 

updates. All travellers are also 

encouraged to update their contact 

details via the Manage Booking 

section on our website, so that they 

can receive real-time updates on their 

travel plans. 

SIA’s Covid-19 Assistance Request 

Form enabled customers to submit 

Covid-19-related enquiries such as 

flight credit and refund requests easily.  

Singapore Airlines’ Global Travel 

Waiver Policy and Scoot’s Covid-19 

Travel Waiver Policy provided options 

for customers whose flights have 

been affected due to the Covid-19 

pandemic. Some of these options 

include seeking a full refund and 

collecting flight credits, among others. 

SIA also offered a one-year extension 

to our corporate customers with 

corporate travel agreements expiring 

in FY2020/21. This allowed them 

to continue utilising their existing 

benefits during this one-year period. 

The initiative was well-received 

by clients given the uncertainty 

surrounding their travel plans. 

A dedicated Covid-19 Information 

Centre was introduced on the 

Singapore Airlines website in 2020 to 

provide customers with one-stop access 

to content in the following areas:  

•	 Health and safety measures 

•	 Information on clinics and pre-

departure tests 

•	 Operating flight schedules 

•	 SIA travel policies including 

our Travel Waiver Policy and 

Complimentary Rebooking Policy 

•	 Special travel arrangements 

between Singapore and other 

countries, such as Reciprocal 

Green Lanes  

•	 Transiting and entry requirements 

into Singapore 

•	 Travel advisories 

Similarly, Scoot has introduced 

a dedicated Covid-19 travel 

information page on its website.  

Our social media channels are 

an avenue for us to provide 

timely updates to customers on 

our response to the Covid-19 

pandemic. This helps to restore 

confidence in air travel when they 

fly with us.  

In FY2020/21, we launched a 

comprehensive range of health 

and safety measures under our 

#SIAcares initiative. These were 

enhanced and implemented 

after a comprehensive review 

of the entire customer journey 

and all the touchpoints that they 

come across. More details on the 

#SIAcares initiatives can be found 

on our website and YouTube 

channel. 

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

75





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








Keeping true to our brand promise, delivering the highest standards of service excellence. 

ENSURING CUSTOMER SATISFACTION THROUGH SERVICE EXCELLENCE  

Tracking and Refining SIA’s Service Quality Performance 

The SIA Customer Contact Services (CCS) team aims to ensure high customer satisfaction levels 

when they assist travellers with their requests and enquiries. The team regularly collates and monitors 

customer satisfaction levels across SIA’s customer servicing channels. A Process Improvement 

Framework is in place to help us achieve our service vision through collaboration and continuous 

learning. Our employees are trained to be on a lookout for opportunities to simplify and redesign 

processes. Our Quality Framework is continuously enhanced to enable us to deliver high quality 

service. In addition, the use of data analytics has enabled the CCS team to accelerate and enhance 

decision making, implementing more effective changes in our contact centres. This has translated into 

higher customer satisfaction, with a 2.7 percentage points improvement in our Customer Satisfaction 

Score (CSAT) compared to FY2019/20. 

A Service Culture and Quality (SCQ) team was formed in February 2019 to promote and imbue the 

SIA service culture within the SIA Group. The team tracks customer feedback and compiles monthly 

service quality performance reports to enable business units to monitor and refine their service 

performance.  

In FY2020/21, customised tableau dashboards were developed to equip business units with live 

insights based on customer feedback. This will enable them to identify opportunities to further refine 

their service quality. Moving forward, we are looking to enhance the dashboards and integrate them 

into the Customer Insights Portal (CIP) by the end of FY2021/22. 

A Data-centric Approach for a Customer-centric Design COV-19

The Customer Experience department (CExD) was formed in 2016 to expand SIA’s potential to deliver 

exceptional customer experiences. The department works with business units across the organisation 

to adopt a consistent customer-centric and data-driven approach when designing and improving the 

end-to-end customer journey.

Building on our commitment to deliver personalised and meaningful customer service, CExD 

supports other business units by guiding their decisions based on customer insights gathered from 

the various touchpoints. These insights are gathered through a combination of qualitative and 

quantitative research that helps us understand customers’ needs, value drivers, concerns and potential 

opportunities for improvements. This information is then shared with the relevant business units to 

design and implement ways to enhance the SIA experience. Beyond large scale data projects and 

design workshops, the team also carries out ethnographic research to gain a deeper understanding 

about subtle customer needs and requirements. This research is combined with operational data, 

frontline observations and notations of customer preferences from our Customer Experience 

Management (CEM) system to provide a better analysis of the service delivery improvements and 

requirements. Where in-depth research is unavailable or when execution timelines limit the ability to 

elicit customer insights, the team employs SIA’s Experience Principles to assist with design decisions 

and implement initiatives that are true to our customers’ needs and SIA’s brand values. 

To keep track of our progress, SIA continues to employ the Voice of Customer (VoC) post-flight 

survey. Feedback and concerns raised through this survey is regularly reviewed during management 

forums such as the Board Customer Experience, Technology and Sustainability Committee (CETSC) 

meetings, and used by business units to review existing customer-related policies, products and 

services. Through this survey, SIA derives a Net Promoter Score (NPS), which measures our customers’ 

advocacy. In FY2020/21, our NPS improved for our three airline brands: Singapore Airlines, SilkAir and 

Scoot. 

With the Covid-19 pandemic impacting the travel and tourism industry, we introduced a bi-monthly 

survey to help us understand our customers’ sentiments regarding travel in the post-Covid-19 world. 

A segment on understanding the health and safety concerns of our customers was also included, 

allowing us to continue to enhance our current health and safety measures to address any concerns 

our KrisFlyer members might have. 









2.7percentage points

improvement in SIA’s Customer 

Satisfaction Score (CSAT) 

compared to FY2019/20



Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

76





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


ENSURING CUSTOMER SATISFACTION THROUGH SERVICE EXCELLENCE  (CONTINUED)



Enhancement of Customer Touchpoints and Service Excellence

We continually innovate and implement new initiatives to improve the way we engage our customers.  

•	 Consider getting our enhanced travel 

insurance coverage. More information 

can be found on our website.

•	 Get personalised travel information 

and prepare for pre-flight 

arrangements via the SingaporeAir 

mobile app.

•	 Connect with Kris, our chatbot, on 

queries relating to flight changes, 

flight schedule information, travel 

advisories, transit information and 

more. 

•	 Use our one-stop online portal for 

more information on Covid-19 pre-

departure testing requirements.  

•	 Find out which clinics provide 

approved Covid-19 tests here.

•	 Check in online via the SingaporeAir 

mobile app. For a more convenient 

experience, automatic check-in 

services at 48 hours to departure is 

also available for eligible passengers. 

•	 Generate a digital or mobile boarding 

pass, and use self-service kiosks and 

automated bag drop counters at 

selected airports.  

•	 View our in-flight menu online.  

•	 Pre-order duty-free shopping on 

KrisShop.

•	 Obtain the 

baggage carousel 

number via the 

SingaporeAir 

mobile app.  

•	 Translate local 

languages via 

the Translation 

Assistant on the 

SingaporeAir 

mobile app to 

help with the 

navigation of your 

surroundings.  

Maintaining High Standards of Service 

Through #SIAcares COV-19

In FY2020/21, we introduced the #SIAcares 

initiatives to enable easier, safer and smoother 

journeys for our customers. From check-in 

to arrival, customers can count on safety 

precautions such as enhanced cleaning and 

rigorous disinfecting of high-touch surfaces, 

as well as meaningful innovations to minimise 

contact. These #SIAcares initiatives were 

designed to protect our customers’ well-being, 

bringing them greater peace of mind.  

To ensure that passengers are able to have a 

safe and enjoyable experience while travelling 

with us, we accelerated our digitalisation 

efforts and introduced many enhancements 

and new features to our mobile app and online 

platforms. These include Kris our chatbot, 

the SingaporeAir mobile app, the KrisWorld 

in-flight entertainment system, KrisShop and 

SilverKris.com. Hardcopy in-flight literature such 

as magazines and menus were also digitised to 

minimise contact between customers and crew.

Our unwavering commitment to safeguarding 

the well-being of our customers and employees 

has been recognised with a Diamond rating, 

the highest level attainable in the APEX Health 

Safety powered by SimpliFlying audit of global 

airlines. Scoot’s end-to-end health and safety 

measures were also awarded the Diamond 

status in March 2021. The table on the right 

provides some background on the ways we are 

providing a safe and seamless journey for our 

customers. More information on the #SIAcares 

initiatives can be found on our website. 

40 

Excluding Boeing 737-800 NG aircraft.

Pre-flight 

In-flight 

Post-flight 

•	 Receive a complimentary SIA Care Kit containing a face mask, hand sanitiser, 

and disinfectant surface wipe. 

•	 Use your personal mobile device to connect to KrisWorld, our in-flight 

entertainment system31 by downloading the SingaporeAir mobile app before 

your flight. You can also use it to pair your device on board and control the 

in-flight entertainment screen. 

•	 Connect to the WiFi on board the flight40 and keep in touch with your loved ones.

•	 View the in-flight menu via the KrisWorld in-flight entertainment system. 

•	 Request for a disposable coat cover to protect your jacket or suit in our  

onboard closets.

•	 Every aircraft is equipped with High-Efficiency Particulate Air (HEPA) filters, 

which remove more than 99.9% of the microbes in the air. Cabin air is also 

refreshed every two to three minutes throughout the flight.

•	 Before every flight, the aircraft is thoroughly cleaned. Commonly-touched 

surfaces are disinfected. Lavatories are cleaned with high-strength disinfectants, 

and cabin surfaces are treated with a long-lasting antimicrobial coating.

•	 After every flight, all headsets, headrest covers, pillow covers, bedsheets 

and blankets are replaced. Our linens are laundered at high temperatures 

to sanitise them. Headsets are also disinfected and packed individually with 

hygienic covers.

•	 In preparing your in-flight meals, our catering partners uphold the highest 

hygiene standards including personal protective equipment for food handlers 

and using automation to reduce contact. Do note that meal services may be 

simplified or temporarily unavailable on certain flights to meet regulatory 

requirements.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

77





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


ENSURING CUSTOMER SATISFACTION THROUGH SERVICE EXCELLENCE  (CONTINUED)



CASE STUDY SINGAPORE AIRLINES AND SILKAIR  

Pilot of IATA’s Travel Pass  

Mobile App COV-19

In March 2021, SIA was the world’s 

first airline to pilot IATA’s Travel Pass 

mobile application for digital health 

verification for a quicker and more 

seamless check-in process. The 

mobile application allows passengers 

to view the Covid-19 testing 

and entry requirements of their 

destination, check flight statuses, 

and securely store and present their 

Covid-19 test results and vaccination 

status. Given the highly sensitive 

nature of health data, all data is 

locally stored within passengers’ 

personal mobile devices, allowing 

them to have full autonomy over 

their personal information.

BEFORE CHECK-IN

DURING CHECK-IN 

The success of this pilot will pave the way for the integration of the digital health verification process into the SingaporeAir mobile app, using IATA’s Travel Pass framework. 

Development of a One-stop Online Portal for Covid-19 Pre-departure Testing COV-19

With pre-departure Covid-19 testing becoming a mandatory requirement for more countries, SIA partnered with Collinson, a global leader in the provision of traveller experiences, in January 2021 to pilot 

a one-stop online portal for Covid-19 pre-departure testing for passengers. The portal was designed to improve the customer experience and operational efficiency by providing customers with a one-stop 

online interface with the following features: 

As at 31 March 2021, the pre-departure test service is available for Singapore Airlines and SilkAir customers departing from Singapore, Jakarta and Medan. Our service partner, SATS Ltd, has been trained to 

verify these digital certificates. We hope to extend the digital health verification to more destinations in the SIA route network in the future. 

After downloading the IATA 

Travel Pass mobile app, 

customers can create a digital ID 

comprising their profile photo 

and passport information. They 

can also include their flight 

details in the app. 

Passengers can book their pre-

departure Covid-19 test at one 

of seven participating clinics 

in Singapore via a dedicated 

online portal. Following which, 

they can register at the clinic 

using their digital ID and flight 

information stored in the app. 

Passengers will be able to 

view their test results and 

confirmation status on the app. 

IATA’s timatic registry will also 

provide users with information 

on Covid-19 testing and entry 

requirements.

Passengers will need to show their confirmed 

status in the app to the check-in staff at 

Singapore Changi Airport before flight 

departure. In line with current regulatory 

requirements, they will also need to bring 

along a physical copy of their health certificate 

that is issued by the clinic where they took 

their Covid-19 test. 

Guide customers to 

take the tests at the 

appropriate time

Allow customers to book a pre-departure 

test slot at accredited clinics and pay for 

it through the portal 

Allow customers to retrieve their test results in an approved 

IATA Travel Pass digital format through this portal. Results can be 

produced as a QR code, e-certificate, or printed certificate

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

78





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


CASE STUDY SINGAPORE AIRLINES AND SILKAIR (CONTINUED) 

Make Boarding Amazing Initiative COV-19

The Make Boarding Amazing (MBA) initiative is a joint endeavour by SIA’s Airport Operations department and SATS Ltd’s Passenger Services 

team, with the objective of simplifying the boarding process by providing a more organised and fuss-free experience for customers. In 

FY2020/21, as part of safe management measures introduced due to the Covid-19 pandemic, the following improvement measures were 

implemented:. 

Pre-recorded Audio Announcements 

Included pre-recorded safe distancing audio 

announcements to remind passengers to 

keep one metre away from each other, and 

to keep their masks on at all times. 

New Boarding Zone 

Incorporated a new boarding zone for transit 

passengers as part of our safe management 

measures. 

Demarcation at Gatehold Rooms  

Reviewed the demarcations at gatehold 

rooms in Singapore Changi Airport and 

worked with Changi Airport Group to set 

up safe distancing markers on the floor, with 

seat separation notices and posters. 

Contactless Boarding 

Worked with Changi Airport Group to design 

acrylic screens for installation at Boarding 

Gate Readers at Boarding Gate Readers for a 

contactless boarding process. Passengers are also 

encouraged to self-scan their boarding passes. 

ENSURING CUSTOMER SATISFACTION THROUGH SERVICE EXCELLENCE  (CONTINUED)





Upgrading of Kris, Our Chatbot COV-19

Kris, our chatbot, answers commonly asked questions 

by our customers and is accessible on the Singapore 

Airlines website and Facebook Messenger via our 

Facebook page. Over the years, Kris was upgraded 

to provide customised responses through guided 

conversation flows, which include checking of flight 

and booking statuses, baggage allowance and lounge 

eligibility. 

In FY2020/21, Kris was migrated to KrisCloud, which 

has enhanced security and supports improved reporting 

capabilities. Kris continues to learn new topics such 

as excess baggage calculation and fare family. A 

Covid-19 guided flow was also added to the main menu 

to assist customers with enquiries on flight changes, 

flight schedule information, travel advisories, transit 

information, and other important updates. There were 

over 88,000 Covid-19-related interactions from May 

2020 to January 2021. Beyond Kris, we proactively offer 

assistance in the form of live chats on selected flows 

on our website, such as rebooking using flight credits. 

We have extended our live chat to the SingaporeAir 

mobile app in April 2021, providing customers with the 

convenience of live agent assistance when they are on 

the go.



Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX

79


CASE STUDY SINGAPORE AIRLINES AND SILKAIR (CONTINUED) 

ENSURING CUSTOMER SATISFACTION THROUGH SERVICE EXCELLENCE  (CONTINUED)



Roll-out of the Kris+ App

KrisPay, the SIA Group’s digital wallet, was rebranded 

as Kris+ in October 2021, bringing payment, privileges, 

lifestyle and rewards services together in one platform 

for the SIA Group customers, with a new and improved 

interface and user experience. Beyond earning and 

redemption of KrisPay miles, the app also allows for 

more flexibility to reach out to the Airline’s global 

customer base via location-based or interest-based 

recommendations. In time to come, the app will also be 

enhanced with other in-app payment options.  

In recognition of the Airline’s global customer base, 

Kris+ also expanded beyond Singapore with the 

launch of Kris+ privileges in Indonesia and India, with 

partner privileges in more countries to be launched 

progressively. As at 31 March 2021, there are more 

than 230 Kris+ partners with over 800 outlets across 

Singapore and counting. 

Click here for more information on the Kris+ mobile app. 









with over 800 outlets 

across Singapore

230 Kris+ 

partners

More than 



+more deals and privileges

From bubble tea deals to fuel rebates and many 

more, it’s easy to experience the little joys in your 

everyday life with Kris+.





+more ways to earn and redeem

Get your KrisPay miles by transferring from your KrisFlyer account, or 

converting your DBS, UOB, or CapitaStar reward points; proceed to 

redeem your KrisPay miles for everyday purchases on the Kris+ app. 

KrisPay miles converted from DBS, UOB or CapitaStar reward points 

can also be transferred into your KrisFlyer account.

+more everyday rewards

Be rewarded with KrisPay miles when you pay with cash 

or card at selected partners outlets. And once you have 

enough, you can use them to pay for your shopping, meals 

and everyday purchases.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

80





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


CASE STUDY SCOOT

ENSURING CUSTOMER SATISFACTION THROUGH SERVICE EXCELLENCE  (CONTINUED)



Embracing Technology for Seamless,  

Contactless Check-In with Scoot COV-19

To ensure a seamless pre-flight experience while ensuring 

the safety of customers, Scoot aims to create a low-touch, 

almost contactless pre-flight journey by leveraging digital 

technology. The roll-out of online check-in options across 

Scoot’s network was prioritised, subject to regulatory 

approvals. These include checking in via the Scoot 

website, Scoot mobile app, Scoot’s chatbot M.A.R.V.I.E. 

(Most Awesome Resourceful Virtual Intern Ever), and 

WeChat. For passengers departing from Singapore Changi 

Airport and Melbourne Tullamarine Airport, self-service 

check-in kiosks and automated bag drop machines are 

also available. As at January 2021, more than 90% of 

passengers flying from Singapore use self-service kiosks to 

complete their check-in process.

Scoot has also enhanced its Scoot insurance coverage, 

Scootsurance, underwritten by AXA Insurance, to include 

Covid-19 cover. It is offered at the same price as before, 

for flights departing Singapore. More information on 

Scootsurance can be found on Scoot’s website. In March 

2021, Scoot also began two digital trials to offer a one-

stop solution for Covid-19 pre-departure tests and a new 

digital verification process during check-in to provide a 

more convenient and seamless travelling experience for 

customers, and enhanced authentication of test results. 

Introducing ScootHub, a Digital In-flight Portal  

to Meet Customer Needs 

ScootHub is an in-flight digital portal that passengers can access 

from their own mobile devices. It was launched in December 2020 to 

transform the low-cost carrier in-flight experience. Through the portal, 

passengers can order food and beverages from Scoot Café, shop for 

duty-free items from KrisShop, play games, browse inspirational travel 

content, and more.   

In-flight duty-free shopping payment can be made via credit card on the 

portal, and cabin crew will deliver the purchases to customers on board 

the flight. Payment via credit card on the portal for food and beverages 

has also been made available in June 2020.  

With the transactional aspects of in-flight service digitised and open to 

self-service by customers, Scoot’s cabin crew can focus on providing 

quality service to customers. In addition, ScootHub minimises contact 

between passengers and crew and eliminates the risk of Covid-19 

surface transmission via physical seatback catalogues. The transition 

from physical to digital in-flight menus, duty-free catalogues and 

magazines have greatly contributed to Scoot’s environmental 

sustainability efforts, saving an estimated 156 tonnes of paper 

(equivalent to over 2,000 trees) per year.  

By the end of 2021, ScootHub will allow passengers to discover and 

book ground activities and attractions while on board their flight. 

They will also be able to sync their KrisFlyer membership on the portal 

to earn or redeem miles when they purchase items via KrisShop or 

activities and attractions via Pelago, the SIA Group’s new platform for 

destination inspiration and content. 

Implementing More Self-service Options  

for Customers’ Convenience 

Scoot has been expanding its range of automated online self-service 

options where feasible. This reduces processing time, improves overall 

customer experience, and alleviates the strain on our manpower 

resources. Customer service processes that have been converted to 

automated self-service options include flight refunds and missing 

baggage tracking. This has been particularly useful in responding to 

the surge in Covid-19-related refund requests in a timely manner. 

In the unfortunate event that checked luggage goes missing, 

passengers can track their case status directly through Scoot’s 

third-party baggage tracking service, after filing a baggage report. 

To simplify the recovery process, passengers can also update their 

delivery and contact information to receive notifications on the status 

of their baggage recovery. The introduction of this service since June 

2020 has seen an improvement in customer satisfaction score for 

Mishandled Baggage Experience by five percentage points. 

Offering Sweeter Rewards to Customers Through Scoot Insider 

Scoot’s exclusive members-only programme, Scoot Insider, has over a 

million members and is available to all customers globally at no cost. 

Members enjoy improved experience on the Scoot website, as well as 

exclusive member-only promotions and discounts on their birthday. 

KrisFlyer members can also sync their KrisFlyer account on Scoot 

Insider to earn and redeem miles on their Scoot flights.  

From 1 January 2021, Scoot customers have been able to earn Elite 

miles which count towards the KrisFlyer membership tiers Elite Silver 

and Elite Gold. Elite miles earned from flying with Scoot within each 

calendar year will also earn KrisFlyer Milestone Rewards, a scheme 

which rewards loyal customers with exclusive privileges. 

Enabling Fuss-free and Convenient payments 

In line with Scoot’s aim of making travel attainable and accessible 

for all, Scoot is continually expanding its range of payment methods 

available to cater to our growing customer base. As at 31 March 2021, 

in addition to credit card options, Scoots accepts payment via Apple 

Pay, Google Pay and PayPal, as well the following local payment 

methods: POLi in Australia, Alipay and WeChat Pay in China, Billdesk 

Payment in India, Konbini in Japan, DragonPay in the Philippines, AXS 

and PayNow in Singapore and Momo in Vietnam.











Singapore use self-service kiosks to 

complete their check-in process

90%

More than 

of passengers flying from 

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

81





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








We recognise the importance of safeguarding the privacy of our customers’ personal data. 

CUSTOMER PRIVACY 

418-1

SIA remains committed to compliance with data protection laws, including the Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA) of Singapore, as it cultivates 

confidence among customers who entrust us with their personal data. User data will be collected, used, disclosed and processed in accordance with 

the relevant data protection principles under the applicable laws including limiting the use of the data to stated purposes. Where data is provided 

to third parties, third parties may only use the data in accordance with the applicable legal requirements. Customer data such as personal particulars 

and travel history are treated as strictly confidential. Complaints, queries, withdrawal of consent, data subject requests including those for access 

and corrections are handled according to established internal organisational processes. In case of policy changes or data breaches, we will notify 

affected data subjects in a timely manner in accordance with the applicable legal requirements. 

To balance customer experience and customer data protection, our processes are regularly reviewed and enhanced based on customer feedback 

and complemented with consultations with the Legal department to ensure strict compliance with the applicable data protection laws. Privacy 

impact assessments are carried out when assessed to be required under the applicable laws, and regular audits are conducted to ensure that our 

employees comply with our customer data protection policies. Annually, SIA employees are also required to complete training on data protection.

In FY2020/21, there were no cases of customer privacy breaches which resulted in mandatory notification to the Personal Data Protection 

Commission of Singapore (PDPC). 











cases of customer 

privacy breaches

0





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

82




CONNECTING 

COMMUNITIES

Forging meaningful, stronger 

relationships with our stakeholders

From the investing community to 

our partners, aviation communities 

and those we serve

Where we weave Singapore’s social 

fabric with a global shared heritage

We sustain our connections  

with the world

Because we believe in flying  

the extra mile, with a  

higher purpose

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX



83






Developing strong relationships with our 

suppliers is essential for SIA’s continued 

success, as much of our impact on our society 

and the environment occurs through our 

supply chain. All of our suppliers play a crucial 

role in charting the aviation industry’s path 

towards socio-economic and environmental 

sustainability. We recognise the importance 

of sustainable procurement and actively 

collaborate with our suppliers to further our 

sustainable development efforts. 

SUPPLIERS

103-1

103-2

103-3

FY2020/21 in Numbers

S$4.7 billion

total expenditure for supplier services

&gt;14,420

suppliers globally

Engagement Mode

Frequency

Service Audits and Assessments

Regular

Meetings  

(Dialogues, Discussions, Project 

Milestone Meetings, Teleconferences, 

etc.)

Regular

Trade Fairs, Forums

Regular

Key Engagement Activities

OUR MANAGEMENT APPROACH

Key Policies, Processes and Systems

• 

Procurement policies and processes

• 

Suppliers’ Code of Conduct

SIA’s Ambitions

We treat suppliers with respect, emphasise fairness 

in our relationships and work together towards 

sustainable business practices.

Supporting the UN SDGs

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

84





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








We adopt a risk-based approach to ensure that our supply chain is sustainable and resilient.

OUR SUPPLY CHAIN

102-9

Our Key 

Suppliers

Singapore Airlines, 

SilkAir, and Scoot have 

more than 14,440 

suppliers worldwide. 

They supply goods, 

materials, or services 

directly to us. We 

strive to support the 

local communities in 

the destinations we 

operate in. Our supply 

chain can be broadly 

classified into six main 

categories: 







In FY2020/21, the total expenditure 

for suppliers’ services engaged by 

Singapore Airlines, SilkAir and Scoot 

was over S$4.7 billion, with most of 

our expenditure going towards aircraft 

fleet and engines, aviation fuel, 

aviation maintenance and materials, 

ground handling and in-flight catering.

Our top 10 suppliers based on 

expenditure, listed in alphabetical 

order, are as follows:

1. Airbus

2. Boeing Commercial Aviation 

3. Chevron Singapore Pte Ltd

4. ExxonMobil Petroleum &amp; Chemical 

BVBA

5. GE Aviation, Engine Services 

6. Rolls-Royce Holdings PLC

7. SATS Ltd 

8. Shell Eastern Petroleum (Pte) Ltd 

9. SIA Engineering Company Ltd 

10. Singapore Petroleum Company 

































































































































































































































































































































In-flight Catering

Ground Handling

Technology Systems

Aviation Fuel

Aviation Maintenance  

and Materials

Aircraft Fleet and Engines

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

85





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








We can secure a sustainable future by strengthening our supply chain.

INTEGRATING SUSTAINABILITY

Embedding Sustainability Within 

Our Procurement Process 

We integrate environmental, social, and governance 

considerations into our procurement process. We 

also manage supply chain risks and upkeep high 

sustainability performance standards through our 

Suppliers’ Code of Conduct. 

During the bidding and submission stage, suppliers 

may submit relevant environmental and safety 

certifications or standards that will support their 

proposals.

•	

Review of price and quality of 

products and services

•	

Review of supplier’s background 

and track records

•	

All suppliers are 

required to comply to 

SIA’s Suppliers’ Code 

of Conduct, which 

forms part of their 

contract

308-1

414-1

Request for Quotations, 

Tenders and Proposals

Bidding and 

Submission Process

Evaluation  

and Selection

Award of Contract

1

2

3

4

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

86





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








We seek to manage sustainability risks across our supply chain.

MANAGING OUR SUPPLY CHAIN RISKS

Suppliers’ Code of Conduct  

Through the introduction of SIA’s Suppliers’ Code of Conduct (SCOC), we aim to mitigate any social, economic, and environmental risks by setting minimum standards of behaviour for our suppliers. The SCOC 

was developed in accordance with our business values to promote sustainable development. It is also based on the Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact. 

All suppliers are required to comply with the SCOC, which forms part of SIA’s contract with them. The SCOC is publicly available to all suppliers via our website. All contracts signed with suppliers include a clause 

referencing the SCOC. In the event a supplier is unable to include the SCOC in their contract, a review is carried out by the Sustainability Office and a waiver can only be approved by the Vice President Sustainability or 

his/her alternate. Through the introduction of the SCOC, SIA aims to have oversight of appointed suppliers’ conduct, and mitigate any potential impact they may have on the environment they operate in.

308-1 

414-1

Compliance With Laws and Regulations

Subcontractors  

and Other Service 

Providers

Communication, 

Documentation  

and Inspection

Ethics and Conflict of Interest

Environment

Labour Standards

Safety and Quality

Coverage

Coverage

Coverage

Coverage

Coverage

Coverage

•	 Accounting practices

•	 Competition compliance 

•	 Intellectual property

•	 Disclosure

PR-10

PR-7

PR-1

PR-4

PR-8

PR-2

PR-5

PR-9

PR-3

PR-6

•	 Anti-corruption   

•	 Financial integrity

•	 Compliance with laws 

and regulations

•	 Health and safety

•	 Confidentiality

•	 Relationship of business 

partners with company 

•	 Quality of products  

and services

•	 Engagement in 

environmental 

management processes

•	 Compliance with  

Code of Conduct

•	 On-time payment 

•	 Equal opportunity

•	 Non-discrimination 

•	 Minimum age child 

labour/forced labour

•	 Working hours 

•	 Wage standards  

Coverage

•	 Employee awareness 

of Code of Conduct

•	 Language translation 

1

4

5

6

7

2

3

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

87





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


MANAGING OUR SUPPLY CHAIN RISKS (CONTINUED)

Reinforcing Our Supply Chain by Promoting Best Practices With Our Suppliers 

Sustainable business practice involves maintaining responsible supply chains that minimise the environmental and social impact, as well as risks in the communities they operate in. SIA is progressively engaging 

suppliers to adopt sustainable business practices and encourages suppliers to submit environmental-friendly proposals, which are favourably considered during the product assessment and selection stage.









SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX

88

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21


MANAGING OUR SUPPLY CHAIN RISKS (CONTINUED)

Ensuring Resilience in Our Supply Chain Through the Pandemic 

The Covid-19 pandemic has had an unprecedented impact on the global supply chain and presents the greatest challenge in aviation’s history. During this period, 

navigating supply chain disruptions and managing our supply chain risks have never been more important. SIA recognises the role we must play to ensure the continuous 

flow of essential goods around the world and to maintain strong relationships with our suppliers and business partners. 



COV-19

SIA recognises that aircraft manufacturers are a core aspect of SIA’s business and supply 

chain. To this end, we have worked closely with our aircraft manufacturers. As of February 

2021, we have reached agreements with Airbus and Boeing to revise our aircraft delivery 

schedule. As a result, some of the aircraft in the SIA Group’s order book will be delivered 

over a longer period, with the delivery stream spread out beyond the immediate five 

years. This will enable the SIA Group to defer more than S$4 billion of capital expenditure 

between FY2020/21 and FY2022/23 to later years, while recalibrating the rate at which we 

restore our capacity.

To mitigate heightened risks of supply chain disruptions and supplier insolvencies, we have 

adapted our procurement strategy and introduced risk management measures to ensure 

the resilience of our supply chain. Maintaining close and regular engagement with our 

suppliers have been a key priority to enable us to achieve better cost management and 

operational stability.

















Working 

with Aircraft 

Manufacturers

Navigating Supply 

Chain Disruptions

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

89





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


MANAGING OUR SUPPLY CHAIN RISKS (CONTINUED)



During this period when supply chains are being 

disrupted, SIA has sought to play our part by 

facilitating the continuous flow of essential goods 

and medical supplies around the world. As the 

Covid-19 pandemic developed, SIA worked to 

maintain an effective airfreight network despite the 

substantial reduction in passenger flights, which 

meant a loss in bellyhold capacity. In addition to 

maximising the usage of our freighter fleet, we 

also operated cargo charter flights with SIA and 

Scoot passenger aircraft and introduced scheduled 

cargo-only passenger flights to alleviate capacity 

constraints. These efforts allowed SIA to cater 

to global supply chain needs and ensure the 

continuous flow of essential goods and medical 

supplies. As at 31 March 2021, the SIA Group’s 

cargo network covers 72 destinations (including 

Singapore), up from 62 as at 30 September 2020.









Launching Cargo-only 

Passenger Flights

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

90





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


MANAGING OUR SUPPLY CHAIN RISKS (CONTINUED)



As we prepare ourselves for the gradual recovery of air travel, 

measures are being implemented to ensure that we are able to restart 

our operations smoothly while we rebuild our network. Some of these 

measures include: 

•	 Incorporating new requirements arising from the Covid-19 

pandemic into the contracts such as support for pharmaceutical 

cargo

•	 Ensuring close coordination with stations to assess suppliers’ 

readiness when we restart

•	 Planning inventory using an agile approach that balances between 

the ability to support restart operations and cost management 

We have also introduced a Safety Restart Checklist to assess the 

operational and safety readiness of our stations and Ground Handling 

Agents (GHA) to ensure that our service providers maintain safety 

standards. This will enable a smooth and safe restart of our ground 

operations when aviation activities pick up. The checklist serves as 

a guide for our overseas stations and includes recommendations to 

conduct audits and checks on our service providers on their safety 

procedures.







Preparing for Recovery



Introduced a Safety Restart Checklist to assess the 

operational and safety readiness of our stations

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

91





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








Singapore Airlines collaborates with our suppliers to integrate sustainability into our business.

WORKING WITH OUR SUPPLIERS ON SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

Partnerships with our Suppliers 

A sustainable future for the aviation industry is propelled forward by 

organisations that are willing to take the first step to explore and collaborate 

on innovative new projects that are aligned with our goals. SIA strives to 

support such advancements by supporting and sourcing from suppliers with 

strong sustainable value propositions. 

Despite the impact of the pandemic on SIA’s business during the financial 

year, SIA continued to collaborate with our suppliers on initiatives to provide 

socially and environmentally-friendly offerings. Some of our ongoing initiatives 

include the From Farm to Plane programme with Aerofarms, SIA’s KrisShop 

Cares concept store, our collaboration with COMO Shambhala to provide 

wholesome and nutritious in-flight meals, and with Lumitics to reduce in-flight 

catering food waste through the use of digital technologies. 

More notably, Lumitics was among 25 companies in the world to win an award 

under the “Sustainable Consumption and Production” goal of the United 

Nations (UN) start-up competition in early 2021. In March 2021, SIA deployed 

Lumitics’ digital technology in our overseas stations to help reduce in-flight 

catering food waste. For more information on these collaborations, please 

refer to pages 80 to 84 in our FY2019/20 SIA Sustainability Report.



Introduced new eco-friendly meal concept 

We also embarked on new collaboration opportunities with our suppliers. During the year, SIA and SATS 

Ltd collaborated to develop a new eco-friendly meal concept, which was offered on SIA and SilkAir flights 

under 3.5 hours41 in Economy Class. The meal concept includes a wider range of main courses with more 

environmentally-friendly packaging and utensils. Leftovers on the tray, including the new service ware, can 

be processed by an onsite eco-digester into pellets that can be used as refuse-derived fuel (RDF), reducing 

60% of catering waste. 

Despite the impact of the 

pandemic, we continued to 

collaborate with our suppliers 

on initiatives to provide 

socially and environmentally-

friendly offerings.

41 

Except flights between Singapore and Kuala Lumpur, Penang, Medan.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

92





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX












We strive to generate and 

distribute sustainable economic 

value to our shareholders and 

stakeholders, while ensuring 

long-term value creation. 

SHAREHOLDERS 103-1  103-2  103-3

Engagement Mode

Frequency

Analyst and Media Briefings

Half-yearly

Annual General Meeting

Yearly

Annual Report, Sustainability Report

Yearly

Business Updates

Quarterly

Extraordinary General Meeting

As required

Financial Results

Half-yearly

Investor Relations Channels (Email, Hotline, etc.)

As required

Meetings (Conferences, Post-results Briefings, Roadshows, etc.)

Regular

Press Releases (SGXNet, Website, etc.)

As required

Key Engagement Activities

OUR MANAGEMENT APPROACH

FY2020/21 in Numbers42

SIA’s Ambitions

Supporting the UN SDGs

We seek to maximise returns for long-term profitability, with the aim of creating sustainable shareholder value.

42 

For more information, please refer to the SIA Group Annual Report FY2020/21.

S$592.9 mil

total value added for distribution

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

93





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








Singapore Airlines strives to maximise returns for long-term profitability, with the aim of creating sustainable shareholder value.

OUR SHAREHOLDERS 102-5

At SIA, we value dialogue with our shareholders and strive to strengthen our relationship with our key capital providers. Our investors acknowledge that while financial information may reflect short-term 

changes in profitability, it does not account for the intangibles that ensure the long-term sustainability of SIA. Providing holistic and robust non-financial information bridges this disconnect and brings clarity to 

our investors on how SIA creates long-term value for them and our stakeholders. 

Through this challenging period, SIA is grateful to have received the strong support of our shareholders. This has laid a strong foundation as we continue to remain nimble and flexible to lead the new world.  



Twenty Largest Shareholders (as at 3 June 2021)

Name

Number of shares

%

1

Napier Investments Pte. Ltd.

985,959,900

33.25

2

Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited

657,306,600

22.16

3

Citibank Nominees Singapore Pte Ltd

209,019,784

7.04

4

DBS Nominees Pte Ltd

194,559,750

6.56

5

HSBC (Singapore) Nominees Pte Ltd

76,776,565

2.58

6

DBSN Services Pte. Ltd.

63,503,137

2.14

7

Raffles Nominees (Pte) Limited

56,943,587

1.92

8

United Overseas Bank Nominees Private Limited

42,183,709

1.42

9

Phillip Securities Pte Ltd

19,938,373

0.67

10

BNP Paribas Nominees Singapore Pte Ltd

16,420,408

0.55

Name

Number of shares

%

11

OCBC Nominees Singapore Pte Ltd

15,054,916

0.50

12

OCBC Securities Private Limited

12,039,442

0.40

13

UOB Kay Hian Private Limited

11,310,742

0.38

14

IFAST Financial Pte Ltd

8,254,397

0.27

15

DB Nominees (Singapore) Pte Ltd

5,870,500

0.19

16

BPSS Nominees Singapore (Pte.) Ltd.

5,304,018

0.17

17

Merrill Lynch (Singapore) Pte Ltd

5,141,238

0.17

18

DBS Vickers Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd

5,109,686

0.17

19

Societe Generale Singapore Branch

4,112,234

0.13

20

Maybank Kim Eng Securities Pte. Ltd.

3,645,126

0.12

For more information on SIA’s shareholdings, please refer to pages 218 to 219 in the FY2020/21 SIA Annual Report.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

94





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








A future economy is one that inspires inclusive growth for everyone.

INCLUSIVE WEALTH FOR ALL STAKEHOLDERS 

Using all forms of capital in the 

company to produce value

•	Financial Capital

•	Human Capital

•	Social and Relationship Capital

•	Intellectual Capital

•	Natural Capital

•	Manufactured Capital

Financials

SIA Group’s Return on Shareholders’ Funds, SIA Company’s 

Operating Profit Margin, Company’s Passenger Load Factor, 

Staff Productivity, Group and Company EBITDAR Margin

Non-Financials

*Brand Strength, Market Share, Aircraft Utilisation, 

*Workplace Safety, *Employee Engagement, *Succession 

Planning, *Weak Audit Findings, Air Safety

*Sustainability-based Value Drivers

Identifying key value drivers, 

performance measures and targets

Inputs

Key Value Drivers (KPIs)

Value Creation (Outcomes)

Achieving Economic Value Added 

by generating operating profit 

which meets the Cost of Invested 

Capital over the long term and 

successful transformation

Shareholders’ wealth 

creation (based on 

absolute and relative 

Total Shareholder 

Return44)

Sustainable value creation for other stakeholders 

(employees, customers, suppliers, communities)

FOR SHAREHOLDERS

FOR OTHER STAKEHOLDERS

Capital Inputs

1

Value

Drivers

2

Value Creation

for Stakeholders

Defining value creation outcomes, 

performance measures and targets

3

Supported by SIA Senior Management Total Compensation Philosophy

Stakeholders and

Business Alignment

Motivate Right 

Behaviours

Fair, Appropriate and 

Market Competitive

Effective 

Implementation

Supports 

Sustainability Agenda

Reflects SIA’s Business 

Strategies and Core Values

Alignment with SIA Senior Management Compensation

The aviation sector is a 

key pillar of Singapore’s 

economy. Prior to the 

Covid-19 pandemic, 

the aviation sector 

contributed 12% of the 

country’s gross domestic 

product (GDP)43 and 

provided over 370,000 

jobs44. We are at the heart 

of the aviation ecosystem, 

with Singapore Airlines, 

SilkAir and Scoot 

accounting for more than 

50% of the passenger 

numbers of passenger 

transits at Singapore 

Changi Airport.  

SIA recognises the role 

we must play in furthering 

sustainable development 

locally and globally. This 

starts with developing 

inclusive wealth for 

all stakeholders, an 

aggregate value of our six 

capitals – financial, human, 

social and relationship, 

intellectual, natural, as 

well as manufactured 

capital. The relationship 

between remuneration, 

performance and value 

creation is illustrated here. 

Value Creation Process at SIA

43 

Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore (CAAS), Learn about Singapore’s aviation.

44 

IATA, The Importance of Air Transport to Singapore.

95





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


INCLUSIVE WEALTH FOR ALL STAKEHOLDERS (CONTINUED)

102-7 201-1

Supporting the sustainability agenda 

is one of the philosophies upon 

which SIA’s Senior Management 

Remuneration Policy is based. The 

Board selects targets to ensure that 

Senior Management’s performance 

is assessed based on value already 

created (i.e. outcomes) and value 

created or generated for the future 

(i.e. drivers).

Value generation is a measure of 

wealth created for our stakeholders. 

The infographic on the right shows 

the Group’s value generated, value 

distribution by way of payments to 

employees, the government, and 

to those who have provided capital 

and value retained for future capital 

requirements.

For more information on the 

Statements of Value Added and its 

Distribution please refer to page 58 

of the FY2020/21 SIA Annual Report. 



S$592.9 mil

total value added for distribution in FY2020/21

S$(174.0) mil

value retained for  

future capital requirements50 

in FY2020/21

S$1,160.5 mil

value added for distribution  

to employees47 

in FY2020/21

S$(648.8) mil

value added for distribution  

to government49 

in FY2020/21

S$255.2 mil

value added for 

distribution to suppliers of 

capital48 in FY2020/21

Direct Economic Value Generated45

Economic Value Distributed46

Economic Value Retained

45 

Direct economic value generated is defined as total value added for distribution. 

46 

Economic value distributed is defined as value added for distribution to employees, government, and suppliers of capital. 

47 

Value added for distribution to employees includes salaries and other staff costs. 

48 

Value added for distribution to suppliers of capital includes interim and proposed dividends, finance charges and non-controlling interests. 

49 

Value added for distribution to government includes corporation taxes paid to the government. 

50 

Value retained for future capital requirements includes depreciation, amortisation and impairment and retained loss.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

96





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








Remaining nimble, steadfast, and agile in the fast-changing external environment.

ADAPTING OUR BUSINESS THROUGH THE PANDEMIC COV-19

Maintaining Strong Liquidity and Cash Reserves 

The Covid-19 pandemic led to an unprecedented collapse in the demand for air travel in 2020. SIA’s business was inevitably affected and, 

in response, most of our fleet were grounded and capacity in our passenger network was cut to cope with the challenging environment. 

To sustain our business, SIA remained focused on managing our liquidity and cash requirements, as well as strengthening our balance 

sheet through capital raising. 

Strengthen Revenue-generating 

Capabilities 

Despite the impact of the pandemic on passenger demand, 

SIA embarked on wide-ranging initiatives to diversify our 

revenue sources and strengthen our revenue generating 

capabilities by leveraging our brand and competencies. 

In view of the supply chain disruptions globally, we 

proactively tapped on cargo demand to ensure a continuous 

flow of essential goods, catering to global supply chain 

needs. We introduced cargo-only passenger flights to 

maximise utilisation of existing freighter aircraft fleet, while 

providing incremental cargo capacity and network reach. 

In FY2020/21, regulatory approval for the carriage of cargo 

in the passenger cabin of passenger aircraft was obtained. 

This included passenger aircraft carrying cargo, cargo in 

cabin seats, as well as cargo on cabin floor. To enable more 

cargo to be carried on passenger cabins, Premium Economy 

Class and Economy Class seats were removed from two SIA 

Boeing 777-300ER passenger aircraft, and all seats were 

removed from two Scoot Airbus A320neo passenger aircraft. 

In addition, the SIA Group’s combined cargo network 

(including freighter, passenger and cargo-only passenger 

flights) was expanded by adding new destinations and 

increasing frequencies to destinations in operation. As at 

31 March 2021, the SIA Group’s cargo network covers 72 

destinations (including Singapore). With this expanded 

network and capacity, the SIA Group worked with various 

government agencies to keep airfreight supply lines for 

essential goods open. 

 

Steps to contain costs 

and conserve cash

 Steps to manage and build liquidity

•	 Deferred non-essential capital expenditure, imposed 

tight controls on discretionary expenditure, deferred 

non-critical projects, and renegotiated contracts with 

suppliers

•	 Implemented staff measures including early retirement 

scheme, voluntary release scheme for crew, salary 

cuts, recruitment freeze, and manpower rationalisation 

exercise

•	 Deferred more than S$4 billion of capital expenditure 

between FY2020/21 and FY2022/2023 to later years 

through the revision of aircraft purchase agreements with 

Airbus and Boeing

•	 During FY2020/21, the Company raised funds through 

the following transactions: 

 »

S$8.8 billion in Rights issue (completed in June 2020)

 »

S$2.1 billion in aircraft secured financing 

 »

S$2.0 billion in Convertible Bond and Notes issuances 

 »

S$1.2 billion in aircraft sale-and-leaseback transactions 

 »

S$0.5 billion in new committed lines of credit and  

short-term unsecured loan

•	 Further to the fund-raising efforts during the financial 

year, SIA raised a further S$0.8 billion in April 2021 

through the completion of aircraft sale-and-leaseback 

transactions, thus bringing total fresh liquidity to  

S$15.4 billion since the beginning of FY2020/21

•	 In June 2021, the Company raised a further S$6.2 billion 

through the Rights 2021 Mandatory Convertible Bonds 

issuance 

•	 Including the new lines of credit, the Company will 

continue to have access to more than S$2.1 billion in 

committed credit lines

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

97





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


CASE STUDY 

ENABLING A CONTINUOUS SUPPLY OF FRESH FOOD

CASE STUDY 

SAFE AND SWIFT DELIVERY OF PHARMACEUTICALS TO 

CUSTOMERS DURING THE PANDEMIC

ADAPTING OUR BUSINESS THROUGH THE PANDEMIC (CONTINUED)



In FY2020/21, Singapore Airlines Cargo launched THRUFRESH, a new service to transport time- 

and temperature-sensitive perishable cargo with speed and reliability. THRUFRESH offers swift 

and quality delivery that meets the stringent demands of transporting delicate and short-shelf 

life products, such as live seafood, chilled meat, fruits, and vegetables by air. Its features include 

dedicated cold chain services such as priority uplift and handling, quick ramp transfers, and cold 

room facilities to safeguard the integrity of perishables.

In February 2021, SIA became the first airline in South East Asia to obtain the IATA CEIV 

Fresh certification, an International Air Transport Association (IATA) global certification for 

the handling of perishable products. The Centre of Excellence for Independent Validators in 

Perishable Logistics (CEIV Fresh) certification is based on IATA’s Perishable Cargo Regulations, 

which combines regulatory and operational inputs from government and industry experts. 

This means that SIA meets the industry’s highest standards with regards to food safety and 

preventing food waste along the supply chain.

For more information, visit http://www.siacargo.com/Thrufresh.asp

In September 2018, SIA launched THRUCOOL to offer speedy and reliable transportation of 

high-value, time-sensitive and temperature-controlled pharmaceutical cargo. SIA was the first 

airline in the Asia-Pacific region to be awarded the IATA CEIV Pharma Certification in 2017, and 

was re-certified in 2020.

THRUCOOL currently serves over 60 destinations with a fleet of seven Boeing 747-400 freighter 

aircraft and via the SIA Group’s passenger aircraft fleet. Moving forward, SIA Cargo plans to 

expand the THRUCOOL quality network and increase its THRUCOOL capabilities. 

For more information, visit http://www.siacargo.com/Thrucool.asp





Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

98





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


ADAPTING OUR BUSINESS THROUGH THE PANDEMIC (CONTINUED)



During the year in review, we identified and invested in new revenue generating streams that leveraged our capabilities and expertise. These include strengthening our digital capabilities and offerings through 

applications and mobile platforms such as Kris+ and Pelago, as we seek to reinforce our position as a digital leader in the aviation industry. In November 2020, SIA introduced the Singapore Airlines Academy, 

a new business that would leverage our wide range of competencies to offer training programmes to external businesses and organisations. 

Kris+

SIA’s Lifestyle Ecosystem

Pelago

Personalised destination-

discovery and trip-planning 

platform

Singapore Airlines Academy

Developing training 

programmes for businesses 

across different industries







•	 Mobile app that offers various lifestyle privileges 

and the option to earn or pay with KrisFlyer miles

•	 Accelerate growth for the KrisFlyer business

•	 Enhance customer-merchant relationships

 »

More than 150 Kris+ partners with over 700 

outlets in Singapore 

 »

Expanded to India in February 2021

•	 Itinerary-focused travel marketplace that provides 

authentic and unique hidden-gem experiences

 »

Over 120 Singapore-based products

 »

More destinations across Asia-Pacific region

 »

Various activities and experiences including tours 

and attraction tickets

•	 Customers can receive personalised 

recommendations and earn KrisFlyer miles on 

bookings via Pelago

•	 Leverage core strengths and training expertise to 

introduce curated and customised programmes 

conducted by SIA’s trainers

•	 Further deepen and expand training services in the 

financial, hospitality, education, logistics and retail 

segments

For more information, visit here.

For more information, visit here.

For more information, visit here.







Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

99





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








As new norms are being shaped in the post-Covid-19 world, this leads us into our new Transformation chapter as we seek to strengthen our 

position as a global aviation leader. 

LEADING THE NEW WORLD

In 2017, SIA embarked on a three-year Transformation 

programme to increase our competitiveness and ensure 

that we are well-positioned to tackle the increasingly 

challenging operating environment. Since then, we 

have implemented more than 100 business initiatives, 

which have enhanced operational efficiency, upskilled 

our workforce, driven revenue generation and improved 

overall customer experience. 

Undoubtedly, the Covid-19 crisis has had a far-reaching 

impact on the aviation industry and is challenging it in 

unprecedented ways. To overcome these challenges 

and thrive in a post-Covid-19 world, we recognise the 

need to take a fundamental relook at our business and 

reinvent ourselves to stay ahead. In FY2020/21, SIA 

focused on addressing challenges and opportunities 

following the Covid-19 pandemic. In May 2020, an 

internal Restart Taskforce was set up, comprising four 

workgroups and parallel workstreams to look into all 

aspects of the Airline’s operations, and to ensure that 

we are ready to ramp up our services when air travel 

recovers. 

We also launched a new three-year Transformation 

programme, which provides a blueprint for SIA to 

pivot into the future and emerge stronger from the 

crisis. The new Transformation chapter aims to bolster 

SIA’s resilience and agility as we navigate through the 

uncertainties ahead and seize growth opportunities in 

the new, fast changing aviation environment. This new 

chapter layers on the strong foundation laid in the earlier 

Transformation programme, allowing us to tackle the 

crisis from a position of strength.

For more information on SIA’s new Transformation chapter, please 

refer to page 8 in the FY2020/21 SIA Annual Report.

SIA’s Advantage

We are in a position of strength to drive future growth 

SIA’s Aspiration 

We will emerge stronger and more resilient   

The Singapore Airlines Brand

World-class Leader

Financial Strength

Financial Sustainability

Dynamic and Resilient Team

Strong Digital Capabilities

Skilled and Talented People







Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

100





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX






Singapore Airlines aspires to be a purpose-led 

organisation that uses our business as a force 

SOCIETY 

Engagement Mode

Frequency

Annual Report, Sustainability Report

Yearly

Community Support Programmes (Corporate Donations,  

Ticket Sponsorships, Volunteerism, etc.)

Regular

Press Releases

As required

Key Engagement Activities

OUR MANAGEMENT APPROACH

SIA’s Ambitions

Supporting the UN SDGs

We practise good corporate citizenship, contributing to and investing in the communities where we 

operate in.

for good. We believe in giving back to society and 

strengthening our relationships with the communities 

we serve in Singapore and around the world. We seek 

to touch the lives of people and contribute solutions 

to pressing global challenges through a range of 

programmes that include the promotion of education, 

sports and the arts, as well as environmental 

conservation.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

101





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








COMMUNITY PROJECTS IN SINGAPORE 413-1

Promoting Education, Sports Excellence and the Arts Through Ongoing Community Development Projects Locally  

SIA believes in fostering strong relationships with the communities we serve and operate in. Support is extended to community groups through corporate donations, ticket sponsorships and staff volunteerism, 

among others. We actively support initiatives which promote education and sports excellence, the arts, as well as environmental conservation. Despite the pandemic, SIA continues to support local community 

projects. However, due to travel restrictions globally, most of the tickets and sponsorship of miles were not utilised during the year, and most of the sponsorship value was unclaimed.



KrisFlyer and Make-A-Wish  

Singapore Partnership

KrisFlyer, the SIA Group’s frequent flyer programme, partnered 

Make-A-Wish Singapore to fulfil the wishes of children 

with life-threatening illnesses. KrisFlyer miles donated by 

members go toward supporting flights on SIA and SilkAir for 

beneficiaries. Since the partnership began in 2017, KrisFlyer 

members have donated generously to the programme. 

MINDS Partnership

Since 1992, SIA has been providing employment opportunities 

for beneficiaries of the Movement for the Intellectually 

Disabled of Singapore (MINDS) by engaging them to pack 

and service our Economy Class earphones and headphones. 

Our partnership impacts the lives of more than 340 trainees at 

MINDS, keeping them socially active and agile.

Cerebral Palsy Alliance Singapore (CPAS)

In 2020, SIA continued to support and volunteer with 

the Cerebral Palsy Alliance Singapore (CPAS). SIA staff 

contributed S$3,000 in support of CPAS’s annual charity dinner 

in December 2020. This was used to purchase daily basic 

necessities, which were donated to beneficiaries of CPAS.

Scoot-mas Surprise

In December 2020, Scoot hosted a Christmas themed 

community outreach initiative for healthcare workers 

and vulnerable children and their families. A total of 

188 guests were hosted across four sessions.

Keeping to safe distancing precautions, families 

took turns touring a grounded Scoot 787 Dreamliner 

aircraft, hosted by Scoot cabin crew and pilots in the 

flight deck and cabins. They were also treated to a 

meal on the plane, where children had the chance to 

dress up as a Scoot cabin crew and assist with the meal 

service. At the gatehold room, guests were treated 

to fun activities conducted by Scoot staff volunteers, 

including a photo booth, and games and craft stations 

for parents and children. 

We continued to sponsor the following organisations 

in FY2020/21:

•	 National Day Parade Committee

•	 Securities Investors Association (Singapore)

•	 Singapore International Foundation

•	 Singaporean of the Year

COMMUNITY

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

102





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


COMMUNITY PROJECTS IN SINGAPORE (CONTINUED)



Growing Singapore’s Arts Scene

We believe that creative pursuits are key to building a 

better world. 

With our longstanding commitment to help grow the 

Singapore arts scene, SIA continued to sponsor the 

following organisations in FY2020/21:

•	 LASALLE College of the Arts (since 1999)

•	 National Arts Council (since 1994)

•	 Singapore Chinese Orchestra (since 2002)

•	 Singapore Dance Theatre (since 1988)

•	 Singapore Lyric Opera (since 1991)

•	 Singapore Symphony Orchestra (since 1979)

Our ticket sponsorships enable these organisations to send 

local talents overseas to perform and widen their horizons, 

or invite international artistes to perform in Singapore. 

Equipping Singapore’s Workforce with  

Future-ready Skills

Education is a powerful tool for sustainable development. 

We believe in investing in our society’s future and nurturing 

the minds of tomorrow’s leaders. 

Together with SIAEC, we have committed a cash 

contribution of S$1 million to the NTUC Education and 

Training Fund (NETF) over a period of five years. The NETF 

was set up in 1998 to help upgrade and reskill eligible 

workers.

Recognising Sporting Excellence in Singapore

We recognise the value of a strong sports ecosystem in 

Singapore to forge bonds within our community, build team 

spirit, and foster a greater sense of belonging.

We continued to sponsor the following organisations in 

FY2020/21:

•	 Singapore National Olympic Council (since 1999): 

Ticket sponsorship for the Singapore Sports Awards 

(Sportsman, Sportswoman, Sportsboy and Sportsgirl of 

the Year)

•	 Singapore Sports School (since 2002): Ticket sponsorship 

for student athletes representing Singapore for 

competitions

ARTS

EDUCATION

SPORTS







Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

103





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


COMMUNITY PROJECTS IN SINGAPORE (CONTINUED)



Supporting the Singapore Community During the Covid-19 Pandemic COV-19 

As a global airline, SIA believes that we have a part to play in providing support to the communities we serve during this time of crisis. While the pandemic may have dampened the demand for travel, it has 

brought out the best in us by providing opportunities for the SIA Group staff to step up our efforts in contributing back to the community. During the year, we have put forth various initiatives to help various 

communities and to support countries in their battle against the Covid-19 pandemic.  

43,000  

meals delivered

 

&gt;450 

employees volunteered

 

40,000 

bowls of  

grains donated 

Pilot Engagement 

with the Community 

#FeedtheCity Initiative

Sixty pilot volunteers from SIA, SilkAir and Scoot were 

part of the #FeedtheCity initiative in collaboration 

with The Food Bank. As part of the programme, pilots 

delivered meals daily to over 200 households across 

Singapore. A total of 43,000 meals were delivered to 

the needy. 

Distribution of Essential Supplies to  

Migrant Workers 

As part of a collaboration with the Alliance Guest 

Workers Outreach (AGWO), 15 pilots volunteered for 

two months starting from April 2020, delivering food 

and other essential supplies to migrant workers in 

approximately 280 factory-converted dormitories.

Ruck-on! Singapore

Between 16 and 27 December 2020, 380 pilots from 

TogetherPilots SG51 took part in a charity event called 

Ruck-on! Singapore. Participants walked approximately 

4,000km as part of an effort to raise funds for 40,000 

bowls of grains that was donated to the needy.



&gt;2,000 

volunteers as  

Ambassadors

Ambassador 

Programmes

Ambassador Programmes

During the Covid-19 pandemic, many of our operating crew 

stepped up and supported the nation’s efforts by playing 

important roles in the healthcare, transport and social service 

sectors as Care, Transport, Safe Distancing and Contact Tracing 

Ambassadors. Their duties included supporting healthcare 

personnel in the hospital wards, ensuring that the public adhere 

to safe distancing guidelines, and making phone calls to support 

contact tracing efforts. Cabin crew were also deployed to the 

Ministry of Social and Family Development’s social service offices 

to help process schemes to support individuals and families 

affected by the Covid-19 pandemic. 

To date, over 2,000 cabin crew members and pilots across the 

SIA Group have performed various ambassador roles by tapping 

on their renowned professionalism, communications skills and 

world-class service. As a result, our operating crew have received 

many accolades.



51 

The TogetherPilots SG group was formed in August 2020 to organise activities for airline staff to help them cope with the uncertainty facing the industry in view of Covid-19. 

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

104





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


COMMUNITY PROJECTS IN SINGAPORE (CONTINUED)



&gt;2,650 

employees volunteered

 

5 

beneficiaries hosted for the 

SG Cares Giving Week

 

&gt;100 

volunteer sessions conducted 

to distribute masks to the 

elderly and migrant workers

Community 

Service Projects

#SIAcares Volunteering Programmes 

Under the #SIAcares initiative, several volunteering and donation programmes 

were launched to showcase our support and appreciation to various frontline 

and essential workers, as well as the needy during the pandemic. 

•	

Enrichment Day For All Staff 

To further reinforce a philanthropic culture across SIA, we introduced 

Enrichment Day, providing staff with one day a month to pursue learning 

opportunities or volunteer, in support of various beneficiary groups. Over 

2,000 SIA employees volunteered their time at organisations such as 

Temasek Foundation, Free Food For All, Seng Kang Community Hospital 

and Willing Hearts.  

•	

KrisPay It Forward 

Launched on 9 June 2020, KrisPay It Forward enables KrisFlyer members 

based in Singapore to donate their miles via the Kris+ mobile app52, which 

are used to purchase edible treats for healthcare workers, conservancy 

workers, public transport operators, taxi drivers and migrant workers 

in Singapore. Over 60,000 treats were distributed to the frontline and 

essential workers.   

•	

Miles of Good Campaign 

Launched on 20 July 2020, Miles of Good campaign enabled KrisFlyer 

members based in over 25 countries to donate their miles to frontline 

and essential workers serving the public during the Covid-19 pandemic. 

KrisFlyer members were able to donate their miles with or without 

nomination. The donation drive was closed on 20 November 2020 and 

each eligible nominee received 60,000 KrisFlyer miles to redeem flights 

on Singapore Airlines or our partner carriers, staycations, road trips, gifts, 

and more. Excess miles received from the campaign were donated to SIA’s 

charity of choice in the participating countries. 

Bring Your Own Bottle (#BYOBclean) Campaign 

SIA collaborated with Temasek Foundation on the #BYOBclean campaign, which 

encouraged the community to bring their own bottles for the distribution of 

zero-alcohol hand sanitiser solutions. This initiative helped to ensure the health 

and safety of the community and also encouraged the adoption of eco-friendly 

practices to reduce plastic consumption. 

SG Cares Giving Week 

SIA employees participated in SG Cares Giving Week, Singapore’s philanthropic 

effort co-organised by City of Good, Ministry of Culture, Community and Youth 

(MCCY) and National Volunteer and Philanthropy Centre (NVPC). SIA hosted five 

beneficiaries from the Down Syndrome Association (DSA) and Beautiful People 

on 5 December 2020 for a tour of the SIA Training Centre.

Community Projects by SIA’s Cargo Division 

The Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) committee of the SIA Cargo Division 

organised two activities with its adopted beneficiary, Henderson Student Care 

Centre (HSCC). The first activity, which took place on 23 July 2020, was a virtual 

event featuring SIA’s Colour Me Magic! augmented reality application and a 

live-streamed animal show by the Singapore Zoo. The second event titled “Our 

World” was held on 10 December 2020. Volunteers visited the children at HSCC 

and took them on a virtual journey of the world, and ended the day with quizzes.

Community Outreach Initiatives 

In 2020, over 100 volunteer sessions were conducted involving 650 employee 

volunteers from Scoot, to assist with the distribution of masks to those in need 

such as the elderly and migrant workers. During the height of the pandemic, 

SIA also donated blankets, eye shades and ear plugs to the Community Care 

Facility at the Singapore Expo, where Covid-19 positive migrant workers who 

were clinically well were looked after. More of such outreach initiatives are in the 

pipeline in FY2021/22. 

52 

Previously KrisPay mobile app.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

105





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX










COMMUNITY PROJECTS AROUND THE WORLD 413-1

Staying True to Our Cause, Reaching Out to Those in Need 

Beyond Singapore, our overseas stations are equally passionate and committed in reaching out to their communities. As a global airline, we work with charities in support of various initiatives and causes, even 

during the Covid-19 pandemic. 











Since 2012, SIA has been supporting The Smith Family, a 

national independent children’s charity helping disadvantaged 

Australians. In FY2020/21, SIA raised A$4,617 for the Smith 

Family through a series of activities such as an indoor obstacle 

course and a daily step count event.

SIA donated food supplies which were meant to be used 

in the unlikely event of an emergency or seasonal airport 

events to local communities through a food bank. This 

initiative enabled SIA to reduce our food waste while 

contributing to the local community in Japan.

SIA worked with the 

Sankalp Taru Foundation 

to donate 250 saplings 

to the villagers living 

in the rural district of 

Ahmednagar. This is part 

of the Rural Livelihood 

Plantation programme 

which aims to improve 

livelihoods at rural villages 

and provide sustainable 

income for their families.

SIA has been working with The Refuge Foundation 

since 2019, a non-governmental organisation 

dedicated to the care and nurturing of the most 

vulnerable in Karnataka state. In view of the impact of 

the Covid-19 pandemic, SIA provided support to the 

foundation through the donation of safety supplies 

and other items to support the children’s needs.

AUSTRALIA

The Smith Family

JAPAN

Food Contribution to Communities

INDIA

Sankalp Taru 

Foundation 

INDIA

The Refuge Foundation COV-19





















250

saplings 

donated in 

FY2020/21  



&gt;100 kg  

of food donated in FY2020/21





Since 2018, SIA has been 

supporting Eden Social Welfare 

Foundation, a charitable trust 

founded to serve persons 

with disabilities, as well as 

socially marginalised groups. In 

FY2020/21, SIA helped to raise 

funds for Eden Social Welfare 

Foundtation through the sale of 

limited-edition batik lanyards.

TAIWAN, CHINA

Eden Social 

Welfare 

Foundation 



&gt;S$ 30,000 

raised in FY2020/21    







Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

106





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX






CCRD is a non-governmental 

organisation that provides support 

to individuals suffering from 

osteogenesis imperfecta and rare 

diseases. SIA conducted a New 

Year Lucky Bag Online Charity Sale 

campaign with CCRD in December 

2020. Proceeds from the charity sale 

were donated to CCRD to help the 

beneficiaries.

In April 2020, SIA distributed 

3,500 bottles of hand sanitisers 

and 80,000 antiseptic wipes to 

our airport partners across seven 

stations in mainland China, namely 

Beijing, Chengdu, Chongqing, 

Guangzhou, Shanghai, Shenzhen 

and Xiamen.

CHINA

China-Dolls Centre 

for Rare Disorders 

(CCRD) 

CHINA

Supporting Our 

Airport Partners COV-19 





&gt;RMB 16,000

raised in FY2020/21

3,500 bottles of 

hand sanitisers and  

80,000 antiseptic 

wipes donated 

COMMUNITY PROJECTS AROUND THE WORLD (CONTINUED)

















0800 Hungry is a charity based in Christchurch that 

supports the work of 200 community agencies 

through the supply of food parcels to the needy. In 

FY2020/21, volunteers from SIA helped to pack food 

parcels to be delivered to families in need.

In July 2020, volunteers from the SIA New Zealand 

team went to the Auckland City Mission Distribution 

Centre to assist with the sorting of clothes and 

food parcels for the needy. The Mission provides 

over 25,000 food parcels to Auckland-based needy 

individuals and families.

KCA helps communities in Wellington by consolidating 

surplus food and household goods and redistributing 

them to frontline agencies working directly with 

people in need. In FY2020/21, staff from the SIA 

New Zealand team volunteered at KCA to help with 

stocking shelves with canned and non-perishable 

goods, as well as sorting donations of second hand 

clothing by age and gender for distribution.

WRCT is the principal community-based ecological 

restoration organisation for the Ahu River 

Catchment. In FY2020/21, SIA volunteered for 

several environmental projects to conserve major 

ecological services and restore natural resources. 

These include hands-on activities such as planting 

Manuka Trees, clearing scrub and cutting down tall 

elephant grass, which are collected by the Auckland 

Zoo to feed the elephants.

Since 2011, SIA has been supporting the Jongno 

Community Welfare Center through our annual flagship 

event “A Very Special Day with SIA”. Due to the 

pandemic, SIA worked with SDLAb Korea, to provide 

antimicrobial coating services and donated Covid-19 

care packages consisting of masks, hand sanitisers and 

disinfection wipes to ensure the safety of the children at 

the welfare centre.

NEW ZEALAND

0800 Hungry

NEW ZEALAND

Auckland City Mission 

Distribution Centre 

NEW ZEALAND

Kiwi Community Assistance 

(KCA) 













NEW ZEALAND

The Whau River Catchment 

Trust (WRCT)

SOUTH KOREA

Jongno Community Welfare 

Center COV-19 































&gt;500 Covid-19 Care Packages 

donated in FY2020/21 

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

107





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








EXTENDING OUR SUPPORT TO GLOBAL EFFORTS IN THE FIGHT AGAINST COVID-19 COV-19

The battle against the Covid-19 pandemic requires strong global co-operation from every individual and organisation. We have stepped up to support the global fight against the pandemic despite the impact 

on our business. During the financial year in review, our efforts have been focused on enabling the continuous flow of essential goods, supplies and vaccines globally and ensuring that our customers are able 

to return home safely to their loved ones. 

Covid-19 Vaccine Carriage

In May 2020, SIA formed a Covid-19 Vaccine Taskforce to 

prepare for the transportation of Covid-19 vaccines globally. 

SIA is also one of the 10 leading airlines to be a signatory to 

the UNICEF Humanitarian Airfreight Initiative. This landmark 

initiative aims to provide safe, reliable and timely transportation 

of Covid-19 vaccines, essential medicines, medical devices 

and other critical supplies to communities in need around 

the world. SIA is committed to support the COVAX vaccine 

distribution initiative by giving priority to vaccine shipments, 

while ensuring safe and reliable transportation.

Supporting Access to Covid-19 Vaccines: 

Between August 2020 till December 2020, SIA 

partnered with Temasek Foundation (TF) and 

the United Nations World Food Programme 

(UN WFP) to support the global Covid-19 

response to help transport essential medical 

supplies and other health and humanitarian 

items by air to points of need around the 

world. During that period, SIA delivered a total 

of 937 tonnes of WFP shipments to selected 

destinations.

For more information, visit here.

At the start of the pandemic in January 

2020, following a special arrangement with 

the Singapore authorities, Scoot mounted 

a flight to Wuhan to bring 92 Singapore 

residents back to Singapore. A second 

Scoot flight was deployed to Wuhan in 

February 2020 to deliver humanitarian 

assistance from the Singapore Government, 

and to bring 174 Singapore residents and 

their family members home to Singapore.  

During the year, the SIA Group worked with 

several governments, including Singapore, 

to bring their citizens back home safely 

through repatriation charter flights. 

As of end-March 2021, the Group operated 

more than 30 repatriation charters to 

destinations such as Australia, Bangladesh, 

India, Thailand and Vietnam. 

Following the Covid-19 lockdowns around 

the world and significant capacity cuts 

in passenger flights in March 2020, SIA 

expanded its freighter and cargo-only 

passenger flights to keep airfreight supply 

lines open for essential goods (medical 

supplies, personal protective equipment, 

pharmaceuticals and fresh foods, etc.) that 

needed fast delivery. 

We were also among the selected 

airlines that participated in international 

programmes to support the air transport 

of chilled meat and fresh produce, among 

other exports from Australia and New 

Zealand. 

Supporting Global Efforts to Ensure 

the Flow of Essential Goods: 

Delivered the first shipments of Pfizer-BioNTech and 

Moderna Covid-19 vaccines to Singapore on 21 

December 2020 and 17 February 2021 respectively 

Delivered the first shipment of Pfizer-BioNTech 

Covid-19 vaccines to Australia on 15 February 2021

Delivered the first shipment of Pfizer-BioNTech 

Covid-19 vaccines to New Zealand on 15 February 2021

Delivered a shipment of Sinovac Covid-19 vaccines to 

Indonesia on 2 February 2021





































Temasek Foundation  

and World Food 

Programme 

Partnership





&gt;937 tonnes of 

World Food Programme 

shipments delivered

&gt;30  

repatriation flights 

chartered

Australian government’s 

International Freight Assistance 

Mechanism (IFAM)

Singapore-New Zealand 

Airfreight Partnership (SNAP)

Transportation 

of Essential 

Supplies

Repatriation 

Charters



Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

108





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX




CONNECTING 

THE FUTURE

Implementing solutions to reduce 

our environmental footprint

Doing all we can to future-proof 

the wonders of travel

For the adventurers of tomorrow 

and generations to come

We sustain our connections  

with nature

Because we believe in conserving 

our planet and the destinations  

we serve

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX

109










OUR MANAGEMENT APPROACH

SIA’s Ambitions

Supporting the UN SDGs

Targets

Due

Status

Achieve a 15% reduction in electricity consumption from 

our buildings53 by FY2020/21, from base year FY2010/11

FY2020/21

Achieved

Achieve a 30% reduction of waste generated from our 

buildings53 by FY2020/21, from base year FY2010/11

FY2020/21

Achieved

Achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050 

2050

On Track

FY2020/21 in Numbers

55,493TJ

of energy consumed for  

all SIA operations

28,382  

tonnes CO2

total estimated GHG emissions 

saved as a result of our fuel 

reduction and efficiency 

measures across our fleet

0.59m3/m2

water intensity for SIA 

buildings and offices in 

Singapore

98kWh/m2 

electricity intensity

for SIA buildings and 

offices in Singapore

2.3  

tonnes

of RDF produced from 

the eco-digester in 

FY2020/21

100%

of our fleet meets the 

2004 ICAO CAEP/6 

or the stricter CAEP/8 

emissions standards for 

NOx

10.44LTK/AG 

overall fuel productivity

for fleet

880  

tonnes

of waste generated at SIA 

buildings in Singapore

17,521m3 

rainwater harvested 

at Airline House, SIA’s 

headquarters in  

Singapore

2.31GWh

of renewable energy 

generated at SIA’s Airline 

House, SIA Training 

Centre and TechSQ

68  

tonnes

total waste recycled 

at SIA buildings in 

Singapore

100%

of our fleet meets 

ICAO Chapter 4 noise 

standards

4.0 mil 

tonnes CO2e

total Scope 1 and 2  

GHG emissions

We remain committed to environmental sustainability and for our operations to be 

carried out responsibly in support of the industry’s climate goals.

ENVIRONMENT

103-1

103-2

103-3

The future of travel depends on 

the world’s approach towards 

environmental sustainability. 

We acknowledge that our 

business-as-usual practices 

are insufficient in ensuring the 

aviation industry’s sustainability 

in the long run. We remain 

committed to collaborating with 

our stakeholders to reduce our 

environmental impact. We also 

work with our stakeholders to 

implement innovative solutions 

to protect the environment.

Key Policies, Processes and Systems

• 

Adopted IATA’s Four-Pillar Climate Strategy

• 

ISO 14001:2015 Environmental 

Management System (for Engineering 

Division and Flight Operations Division)

53 

Locations covered include SIA’s four buildings (Airline House, SIA Supplies Centre, SIA Training Centre, TechSQ), SIAEC’s Engine Testing Facility 

and six hangars.

38  

tonnes

of waste recycled  

from our flights

98,555 

hectares

of lowland tropical forest 

covered by the ecosystem 

restoration concession  

under the Harapan 

Rainforest Initiative

CLIMATE 

 CHANGE

NOISE

WATER

WASTE

OTHER  

POLLUTANTS

BIODIVERSITY

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

110





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX










We are experiencing the adverse effects of climate change, ranging from extreme weather events to loss of sea ice. This is projected 

to intensify over the next decade if anthropogenic GHG emissions continue to rise. An Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 

(IPCC) special report54 found that the impact on our climate will continue to worsen if we do not take action now. Minimising global 

warming could reduce the environmental impact, ensuring the sustainability of people, economies, and ecosystems around the world. 

However, this would require rapid and far-reaching changes across multiple industries and a globally coordinated approach to reduce 

GHG emissions.

CLIMATE CHANGE 

It is widely recognised that climate change is a global risk that will impact not just the environment, 

but also socioeconomic systems that are fundamental building blocks of society. Singapore 

recognises the need to respond and be part of the climate action in order to achieve a sustainable 

society for future generations. On 10 February 2021, the Singapore government unveiled the 

Singapore Green Plan 2030, which outlines the country’s green ambitions, targets and roadmap for 

the next decade. The plan adopts a nation-wide movement by encouraging collective efforts from 

the public and private sectors, with the goal of achieving Singapore’s long-term net zero emissions 

ambition. 

SIA will participate in this collective effort by aligning our green objectives with the Singapore 

Green Plan and IATA’s climate targets as we work towards achieving net zero carbon emissions 

by 2050. To achieve this goal, the Group’s airlines, Singapore Airlines, Scoot and SIA Cargo, 

will embark on various initiatives, which includes investing in new-generation aircraft, achieving 

higher operational efficiency, adopting low-carbon technology such as sustainable aviation fuels, 

and sourcing for high quality carbon offsets. In addition, we will continue to collaborate with 

like-minded partners such as governments, the airline industry and partners including aircraft 

manufacturers, technology providers, fuel suppliers and research institutes globally to explore more 

innovative solutions. We will also work together with stakeholders in Singapore to develop a holistic 

decarbonisation plan, which complements Singapore’s goal of strengthening the country’s air hub 

and maintaining its competitive advantage into the future. 

Our Climate Action Pledge and Sustainability Policy detailed on page 15 of this Sustainability 

Report reaffirm our dedication towards protecting the environment and the adoption of sustainable 

practices in all aspects of our operation to drive sustainable development. 



54 

  IPCC, “Global Warming of 1.5°C.

SIA’s Climate Action Pledge

Singapore Airlines is dedicated to our long-term responsibility to 

protect the environment while providing air transportation services 

of the highest quality. We have in place various programmes to 

implement sustainable practices across our operations in a responsible 

manner to manage issues such as carbon emissions, noise, waste, 

as well as energy and water consumption. We pledge to continue to 

explore new sustainable practices in all areas of our operations. SIA 

adopts the aviation industry’s four-pillar strategy to address climate 

change and seeks opportunities to reduce the carbon footprint of 

our operations. We incorporate the five Rs (Refuse, Reduce, Reuse, 

Repurpose and Recycle) in our daily activities to improve our waste 

management practices and maximise efficient use of resources. We 

promote eco-friendly habits among our staff and stakeholders and 

raise awareness on the importance of taking action to reduce our 

impact on the environment.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX

111


CLIMATE CHANGE (CONTINUED)



Supporting IATA’s 

Climate Targets and 

Four-Pillar Strategy 

PR-7

PR-8

PR-9 

Despite contributing only 

approximately 2% of global 

anthropogenic GHG emissions55, 

the aviation industry recognises 

the pressing need to address the 

global challenge of climate change. 

While international borders are 

largely closed due to the Covid-19 

pandemic, the demand for air travel 

is expected to increase in the long 

term. This will lead to an increase in 

the aviation industry’s contribution 

to global GHG emissions. 

Underpinning the aviation industry’s 

commitment towards reducing 

emissions in the medium- to long-

term is IATA’s Four-Pillar Strategy, 

which was introduced in 2009. SIA 

adopts IATA’s Four-Pillar Strategy 

in our operations to improve the 

performance of our aircraft fleet  

and to meet our ambition of net 

zero carbon emissions by 2050.

IATA’s CLIMATE TARGETS

IATA’s FOUR-PILLAR STRATEGY

















PILLAR 1

Improved technology, including 

the deployment of Sustainable 

Aviation Fuels (SAF)

PILLAR 2

More efficient  

aircraft operations

PILLAR 3

Infrastructure improvements, 

including modernised air traffic 

management systems

PILLAR 4

A single global market-based 

measure (MBM), to fill the 

remaining emissions gap

SIA’s Commitment:

We are committed to our fleet 

renewal programme and to 

operating a modern and fuel-

efficient fleet that generates 

lower emissions and less noise.

We invest in engineering 

improvement packages for 

airframes and engines. This helps 

to reduce drag and improve 

engine efficiency.

We will drive the adoption of 

sustainable aviation fuels in the 

industry. 

SIA’s Commitment:

We improve fuel productivity 

through initiatives such as 

implementing green operations 

and reducing fuel usage through 

aircraft weight management and 

optimisation of flight routes. 

SIA’s Commitment:

We partner with air navigation 

service providers to find 

opportunities to reduce 

emissions from fuel burn during 

all flight phases. 

We collaborate with stakeholders 

in air traffic management to 

explore ways to improve airspace 

incremental efficiency. We 

believe that innovation and data 

analytics will pave the way for 

more significant improvements, 

and continue to engage research 

institutions to explore such ideas.

SIA’s Commitment:

We participate in a single global 

MBM in the form of the Carbon 

Offsetting and Reduction 

Scheme for International Aviation 

(CORSIA) to address the growth 

in emissions in the aviation 

industry beyond 2020.

An average improvement in fuel efficiency of 1.5% per year from 2009 to 2020

A cap on net aviation CO2 emissions from 2020 (carbon-neutral growth)

A reduction in net aviation CO2 emissions of 50% by 2050, relative to 2005 levels

55 

 IATA, “Fact Sheet on Climate Change &amp; CORSIA”.



















SIA commits to 

net zero carbon 

emissions by 

2050

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

112





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


CLIMATE CHANGE (CONTINUED)

Climate-related Risks And Opportunities 102-11

PR-7

PR-8

PR-9 

Governance and Risk Management 

The review of climate-related risks is part of SIA’s Enterprise Risk Management framework, which is overseen by the Board 

Safety and Risk Committee (BSRC). Further details of the established risk governance and reporting structure can be found 

in the Governance section on pages 22 to 23 of this report. Additionally, climate-related risks and mitigation are also 

considered at various forums such as the Board Customer Experience, Technology and Sustainability Committee (CETSC), 

as well as the Sustainability Steering Committee (SSC), which involves senior management and the relevant business 

units. SIA identifies climate-related risks and opportunities through various channels, both internally and externally. 

Specifically, these reviews include the annual Group-wide Risk Management Review exercise involving stakeholder-driven 

risk assessment, as well as ongoing discussions with industry and business partners. As both transition and physical risks 

could impact the financial, operational and strategic aspects of SIA’s operations, the review and mitigation of such risks are 

integral to shaping our long-term business strategy.

Identification and Mitigation of Climate-related Risks 

As climate change issues continue to gain importance, various polices and measures are introduced to progressively 

drive the aviation industry transition towards a sustainable and low-carbon economy. SIA supports CORSIA as the only 

global MBM to achieve carbon-neutral growth beyond 2020, and fully supports the ongoing efforts towards meeting the 

requirements in the CORSIA Monitoring, Reporting and Verification system. 

SIA recognises that climate change issues are constantly evolving, which brings about transition risks. The potential 

emergence of uncoordinated climate policies and mandates on sustainable aviation fuels (SAF) at the regional or national 

level may create market distortion and lead to increased compliance cost. To mitigate these risks, SIA works closely with 

CAAS, IATA and industry partners to ensure successful implementation of CORSIA and to advocate policies that incentivise 

the large-scale adoption of SAF. In addition, we acknowledge that there are potential reputational risks tied to changing 

stakeholder expectations and consumer behaviour. In response to these challenges, we actively engage all stakeholders to 

reduce our GHG emissions and environmental footprint.

Beyond transitional risks, climate change could also bring about acute and chronic physical risks. Acute physical risks such 

as the rise in the frequency, severity and uncertainty of extreme weather events could result in increased frequency of in-

flight re-routings, delays and cancellations. Chronic physical risks such as rising global temperatures and sea levels will also 

have longer-term strategic and operational impact to the entire aviation industry. With these risks in mind, SIA continues 

to develop and update our crisis response and business continuity plans to minimise potential business disruptions. SIA 

actively participates in external multi-agency airport emergency exercises to validate existing crisis management response 

plans, capabilities, and the management of communications with external stakeholders. In addition, the review of climate 

change scenarios potentially leading to operations disruptions are also being considered.





Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

113





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








MANAGEMENT OF ENERGY AND EMISSIONS 302-4

305-5

PR-7

PR-8

PR-9 

56 

Scoot and Tigerair merged under the Scoot brand on 25 July 2017.

FY2016/17

FY2017/18

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Singapore Airlines (Passenger Aircraft)

7.7

7.4

6.6

5.4

5.1

Singapore Airlines (Freighter Aircraft)

13.3

14.3

15.3

16.3

17.3

SilkAir

4.3

4.6

4.8

6.2

5.5

Scoot

1.6

4.7

5.1

5.7

6.1

Tigerair56

5.9

Pillar 1: Improved technology, including the deployment of Sustainable Aviation Fuels (SAF) 

Investing in Modern and Fuel-efficient Aircraft

Our investment in modern and fuel-efficient aircraft helps to reduce our Scope 1 GHG emissions. In line with SIA’s fleet renewal programme, we have one of the youngest ongoing operating aircraft fleet in 

the world, comprising 168 aircraft with an average age of 5 years and 10 months. We have been investing in more fuel-efficient aircraft such as the Airbus A350s and Boeing 787s, which are known for their 

advanced technology and high fuel-efficient performance. These newer-generation aircraft help to boost fuel efficiency by up to around 30%, as compared to previous-generation aircraft. SIA will continue to 

take delivery of fuel-efficient aircraft in the coming years.

Average Fleet Age (years), as of 31 March 2021

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

114





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX




MANAGEMENT OF ENERGY AND EMISSIONS (CONTINUED)



AIRBUS A350-900

BOEING 787-10

The Airbus A350-900 is built with carbon-fibre reinforced plastic, making it lighter and more  

cost-efficient with reduced maintenance requirements.

The Boeing 787-10 is the largest variant of the Dreamliner series. It is built with the latest technologies 

in aerodynamics with features such as raked wing tips and low drag empennages.



aircraft in 

SIA’s fleet

more fuel-efficient than 

previous-generation 

aircraft57

aircraft on order

52

25%

12

Rolls-Royce 

Trent XWB-84

The Airbus A350-900 

is the quietest Airbus 

aircraft in SIA’s fleet

aircraft in 

SIA’s fleet

more fuel-efficient 

than the aircraft 

that it replaces

aircraft on order

15

25%

13

Rolls-Royce 

Trent 1000 TEN

The Boeing 787-10 is 

the quietest Boeing 

aircraft in SIA’s fleet

Aircraft images courtesy of Yucca Studio and SPHM

57 

According to the Original Manufacturer’s website.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

115





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


MANAGEMENT OF ENERGY AND EMISSIONS (CONTINUED)



Driving Towards Sustainable Aviation with Sustainable Aviation Fuels

SIA sees sustainable aviation fuels (SAF) as a key in-sector lever to achieve our long term decarbonisation ambition. Compared to conventional jet fuel, SAF can potentially reduce lifecycle GHG emissions by at 

least 80%58. Since 2011, we have embarked on our journey to adopt SAF. Moving forward, our aim is to support the commercialisation of SAF across our network, as well as the development of an integrated 

SAF supply chain at Singapore Changi Airport.

Joining the Sustainable 

Aviation Fuel Users Group 

(SAFUG)

SIA started as a member of SAFUG 

in 2011, which was established 

to accelerate the development 

and commercialisation of SAF. 

Through this platform, stakeholders 

including airlines, original equipment 

manufacturers (OEMs) and 

verification bodies can exchange 

knowledge, experiences and best 

practices, equipping members with 

the latest developments on SAF. 

These engagements paved the way 

for our first deployment of SAF in 

May 2017. 

Implementing the World’s First 

Green Package Flights

In conjunction with SIA’s 70th 

anniversary in 2017, SIA operated a 

series of 12 green package flights, 

incorporating the use of SAF, fuel-

efficient aircraft and optimised air 

traffic management (ATM) measures. 

This was done in collaboration 

with the Civil Aviation Authority of 

Singapore (CAAS) and the Ministry 

of the Environment and Water 

Resources (MEWR) over a three-

month period on our non-stop  

San Francisco-Singapore route.

More information on our green 

package flights can be found on 

page 104 in our FY2019/20 SIA 

Sustainability Report.

Learning From International 

Industry Stakeholders, 

Working Towards the 

Commercialisation of SAF

Leveraging the traction gained 

from the green package flights, 

a Singapore delegation with 

representatives from CAAS, 

Changi Airport Group, Economic 

Development Board (EDB), and 

SIA went on an SAF study trip to 

Swedavia Airport in Stockholm and 

Geneva Airport in 2018. Through 

this trip, Singapore’s aviation 

industry stakeholders were able to 

gain valuable insights on the key 

policies and business environment 

conditions needed to accelerate 

the deployment of SAF.

Collaborating with Swedavia

In January 2020, SIA entered into a year-long 

partnership with Swedish airport operator Swedavia. 

As part of Swedavia’s SAF Incentive Scheme, we 

began to use a blend of jet fuel and SAF on our flights 

between Stockholm and Moscow. Supplied by Air BP 

Sweden and produced by Neste, this SAF is produced 

from used cooking oil, which is blended with regular 

jet fuel and delivered to the aircraft via the Stockholm 

Arlanda Airport’s hydrant system. Through our ongoing 

collaboration with Swedavia over the past year, we have 

developed a better understanding of the logistics and 

economics around deploying SAF. This has also resulted 

in approximately 47 tonnes of CO2 GHG emissions 

savings in FY2020/21. The trial also equipped SIA with 

a better understanding of the logistics around the 

procurement of renewable fuels, placing SIA in a better 

position to scale up adoption of SAF in future.

Integrating the Use of 

SAF in the Supply Chain 

Despite the impact of the 

Covid-19 pandemic, we 

continued our efforts to 

explore the integration of SAF 

into our broader operations. 

SIA continues to engage 

our industry partners and 

stakeholders in Singapore 

and overseas to scale up the 

adoption of SAF across our 

network.



Approximately

47 tonnes CO2

GHG emissions savings in FY2020/21

2011

2017

2018

2019

2020



58 

 IATA, “Sustainable Aviation Fuels Fact Sheet”.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

116





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX












MANAGEMENT OF ENERGY AND EMISSIONS (CONTINUED)



Pillar 2: More efficient aircraft operations 

SIA implements various fuel productivity and savings initiatives across our engineering, flight and ground operations to reduce our carbon footprint. We also seek to leverage digital technologies to identify 

and implement further fuel productivity initiatives. 

Engineering Operations 

Measures for our engineering operations include the regular monitoring of aircraft performance levels and working with aircraft OEMs to manage aircraft weight, reduce fuel usage during flights and improve 

aircraft fuel efficiency.

CASE STUDY 

STATISTICAL CONTINGENCY 

FUEL TO OPTIMISE FUEL UPLIFT

Contingency fuel refers to fuel required to 

account for unforeseen factors that could 

influence the consumption of fuel. Standard 

regulations and industry practices require a 

fixed percentage of planned fuel to be used as 

contingency fuel for all flights.

In FY2019/20, SIA successfully developed the 

Statistical Contingency Fuel approach that adopts 

a data driven methodology to determine the 

amount of contingency fuel needed for each 

flight. Implementing this approach on one aircraft 

type, resulted in an estimated fuel savings of 200 

tonnes. In FY2020/21, SIA expanded the use of 

the Statistical Contingency Fuel approach across 

all eligible fleet. As a result of this initiative, it 

led to an estimated 1,530 tonnes of fuel saved in 

FY2020/21.  

Customised water uplift based on flight sector of fuel savings 

requirements through a tailored potable water programme

Weight reduction initiatives to reduce 

weight and hence, fuel consumption: 

•	 Footrests on selected aircraft, resulting 

in a potential weight reduction ranging 

from 120kg to 300kg per aircraft, 

fleetwide

•	 Cabin crew three-piece table on 

selected aircraft, resulting in a potential 

weight reduction of 324kg fleetwide

Optimising Airbus A350 engines based on 

flight sectors served

Utilising more fuel-efficient aircraft and 

engines for long-haul flights to reduce the 

amount of fuel burnt during a flight

Modification of Boeing 787-10 Trent 1000 

engine software to implement “slow taper 

climb” schedule

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

117





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


MANAGEMENT OF ENERGY AND EMISSIONS (CONTINUED)



Flight Operations 

Measures for our flight operations include initiatives aimed at optimising flight plans, routes and management.

•	 Reviewing route planning procedures 

to optimise route efficiency

•	 Monitoring fuel usage to ensure an 

optimal level of fuel to uplift

•	 Upgrading to an enhanced flight 

planning system that enables pilots to 

optimise flight routes considering fuel 

efficiencies and overflight charges, 

while ensuring compliance with 

airspace closures 

•	 Optimising contingency fuel to 

reduce fuel uplift. However, due to 

the Covid-19 restrictions in most 

countries, which increased the risk 

of flight diversions, more fuel was 

uplifted for contingency situations 

during the year

•	 Pilots following green operational 

procedures to enable more efficient 

flights

•	 Engaging crew through fleet meetings 

and e-learning tools to promote fuel-

efficient practices such as Reduced 

Engine Taxi-In and Continuous 

Descent Approach

•	 Extending the fuel efficiency 

programme across divisions, 

sharing data and working closely 

to implement a more consolidated 

approach to optimising flight plans 

and routes

•	 Working closely with ATM experts to 

improve airspace congestion

•	 Participating in international forums 

and discussions to identify more 

efficient routes and supporting 

research into ATM

•	 Working with CAAS on ASIST (Arrival 

Sequencing into Singapore Terminal 

Manoeuvring Area), Flexi Airspace 

and Continuous Descent Operations 

(CDO) and Cost Index Adjustment 

Implementing  

Operational Excellence

Collaboration  

Across Divisions

Engaging the  

Eco-system

CASE STUDY 

OUR PILOTS’ CONTRIBUTION TO GREEN 

FLIGHT OPERATIONS

SIA’s pilots play a significant role in contributing to sustainable 

operations by reducing the amount of fuel used during flights. 

Our Flight Operations Division developed green operational 

procedures, where pilots are encouraged to reduce fuel usage 

during flight operations. Some of these green operational 

procedures include reducing flap landing and engaging idle 

reverse thrust during landing.

In FY2020/21, our pilots continued to adopt these green 

operational procedures. Reduced Engine Taxi-In (RETI), for 

example, saves fuel by shutting down one engine after landing. 

However, procedures relating to RETI were put on hold due 

to changes in the operational environment. Due to the larger 

number of aircraft parked at airports, there was less space for 

ground manoeuvres, resulting in higher risk of aircraft contact. 

Taking safety into consideration, a decision was made to 

temporarily suspend RETI to ensure that aircraft had sufficient 

space for manoeuvres, lowering the risk of aircraft contact. 



Environmental Management System 

To ensure SIA’s operational activities do not result in significant negative impact to the environment, SIA has in place an Environmental 

Management System (EMS), which is certified to ISO 14001:2015. The scope of the EMS covers the Engineering Division and Flight 

Operations Division in Singapore Airlines, for the provision and management of aviation and engineering support services. The EMS 

ensures that SIA’s operations comply with the relevant local and international environmental regulations. Internal and external audits 

are carried out annually to ensure compliance with the requirements. Any findings from the audit procedures are highlighted at the 

Environmental Management Committee (EMC) meetings for corrective action and continual improvements. 

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

118





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


MANAGEMENT OF ENERGY AND EMISSIONS (CONTINUED)



Ground Operations 

Measures for our ground operations include reducing fuel usage during ground operations.

Adoption of Digital Technologies 

SIA recognises that digital technologies are key enablers to facilitate emissions reduction across 

our engineering, flight and ground operations. We adopted data analytics and digital platforms to 

measure aircraft performance, as well as to identify and prioritise measures to better support our fuel 

efficiency strategies.

•	 Deploying mobile ground power units and 

pre-conditioned units during night stops and 

long transits to reduce reliance on aircraft 

APUs

•	 Using fuel efficiency analytical tools such as 

the Rolls-Royce Fuel Efficiency Management 

System to evaluate, measure and identify 

more fuel efficiency opportunities

•	 As part of an ongoing initiative with Airbus, 

we adopted a suite of tail-centric digital 

solutions to optimise the monitoring of air-

conditioning performance in all flight phases

•	 Implementing measures to improve aircraft 

ZFW accuracy such as the deployment of the 

ZFW Monitoring Dashboard that enables our 

Airport Operations department to monitor 

the ZFW more closely

•	 ZFW is the total weight of the airplane and 

all its contents, minus the total weight of 

the usable fuel on board. Unusable fuel is 

included in ZFW. By improving ZFW accuracy, 

the correct amount of fuel is uplifted

•	 Using iPads and deployment of applications 

to equip pilots with up-to-date operational 

data and optimisation guidance to facilitate 

more fuel-efficient operations

Reduce Reliance on Aircraft Auxiliary 

Power Units

Analytical Tools

Improving Aircraft Zero Fuel Weight 

(ZFW) Used to Plan Fuel Uplift

Digital Platforms





Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

119





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


MANAGEMENT OF ENERGY AND EMISSIONS (CONTINUED)



CASE STUDY 

USE OF DATA ANALYTICS TO MINIMISE FUEL UPLIFT  

In FY2020/21, SIA embarked on a study using data analytics to minimise fuel uplift for operations at Singapore Changi Airport’s runway 3, which 

opened in December 2020. As the runway is located further from the terminal, higher taxi-out fuel is needed. 

The initial quantum of taxi-out fuel needed was quantified based on simulation studies. After one week of operations, the Flight Operations Division 

studied the fuel burn data, introduced operational improvements and reduced the taxi-out fuel uplift planned for runway 3 operations by 40%. The 

team made use of trends from fuel burn and location of departure bays, and worked with CAG and CAAS to further optimise the process. Through 

data and process improvements, SIA was able to reduce the taxi-out fuel uplift further by 30%.





Reduced taxi-out fuel 

uplift planned for runway 

3 operations by at least

40%

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

120





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


MANAGEMENT OF ENERGY AND EMISSIONS (CONTINUED)



SIA aims to assist with the improvements in air 

route optimisation to cope with traffic growth, 

while striving to reduce fuel used and emissions. 

We do this by engaging CAAS and other aviation 

stakeholders to explore the use of innovation and 

data analytics.

SIA actively collaborates with stakeholders such as 

airlines, airports, air navigation service providers 

and governments on Air Traffic Management to 

explore ways to improve airspace incremental 

efficiency. 

Innovation and Data Analytics

Partnerships with Stakeholders

MANAGEMENT OF ENERGY AND EMISSIONS (CONTINUED)



Pillar 3: Infrastructure 

improvements, including 

modernised air traffic management 

(ATM) systems

Optimisation of air routes through efficient air 

traffic management is key to helping airlines reduce 

fuel use and CO2 emissions. 

CASE STUDY 

OPTIMISING A DAY OF OPERATIONS  

In FY2020/21, Total Mission Management (TMM) collaborated with SIA’s Flight Operations Division and CAAS to introduce various initiatives with the 

aim of improving operational efficiencies. At the same time, they also explored opportunities in implementing green operating procedures utilising 

a data driven approach. This was achieved through the development of data analytics tools with Rolls-Royce for insights on flight data, as well as 

regular meetings with CAAS to assess Air Traffic Management (ATM) performance and discuss initiatives to improve flight efficiency of the Singapore 

air hub. As part of this collaboration, a suite of green operational initiatives was implemented, which helped to improve the efficiency of flight 

operations in the Singapore airspace. 

Through close collaboration with regulators and our Flight Operations Division, we were able to achieve fuel savings of approximately 1,574 

tonnes, which is equivalent to 4,959 tonnes of CO2 GHG emissions saved.

Arrival Sequencing into 

Singapore Terminal  

Manoeuvring Area 

Singapore airspace is often 

congested. As such, flights may 

be required to hold for longer 

periods before landing, resulting 

in extra fuel burnt. To reduce the 

arrival holding periods, TMM 

worked with CAAS and SIA’s Flight 

Operations Division to sequence 

flights before they enter into 

the Singapore airspace so as to 

provide adequate separation 

between flight arrivals. 

Flexi Airspace 

 

 

TMM is collaborating with CAAS 

and SIA’s Flight Operations 

Division to review the route 

structure for flights arriving 

into Singapore and introduced 

direct tracks on applicable flight 

routes to achieve better route 

efficiency. An initial trial was 

carried out between September 

2020 and January 2021 to 

establish the process. This trial 

has been extended to November 

2021 to include new routes.  

Continuous Descent  

Operations 

 

Due to the typically high air traffic 

density in Singapore’s airspace, 

flights arriving into Singapore are 

usually subjected to step descents, 

which result in more fuel burnt. 

While air traffic has considerably 

lowered due to the pandemic, 

TMM has been engaging CAAS to 

establish a procedure to reduce 

step descent for our flights 

entering the Singapore airspace, in 

order to further reduce fuel burnt. 

This initiative will be expanded 

when air traffic picks up again.  

Cost Index Adjustment 

 

 

Cost Index (CI) is a ratio that 

defines the time-related cost versus 

cost of fuel when operating an 

aircraft. This figure is calculated at 

the pre-flight stage to determine 

the economical speed for the 

flight.  As part of the Cost Index 

Adjustment process, TMM monitors 

the flight time and adjusts the 

CI at the flight planning stage to 

achieve on-time-performance while 

conserving fuel by utilising a lower 

CI when flights are predicted to 

arrive ahead of schedule. 



Approximately  

574 tonnes of fuel 

savings equivalent to 

1,808 tonnes of CO2 

GHG emissions saved 



Approximately  

190 tonnes of fuel 

savings equivalent to 

599 tonnes of CO2 

GHG emissions saved 



Approximately  

230 tonnes of fuel 

savings equivalent to 

725 tonnes of CO2 

GHG emissions saved 



Approximately  

580 tonnes of fuel 

savings equivalent to 

1,827 tonnes of CO2 

GHG emissions saved 

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

121





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX






Pillar 4: A single global market-

based measure (MBM) to fill the 

remaining emissions gap

The aviation industry has been experiencing an 

increase in CO2 emissions, and ICAO predicts 

that without additional measures, emissions from 

the aviation industry could increase by more than 

300%59 by 2050. As part of the ICAO’s Member 

States commitment towards carbon neutral growth 

from 2020, the Member States have adopted a 

global MBM, known as Carbon Offsetting and 

Reduction Scheme for International Aviation 

(CORSIA). 

CORSIA seeks to offset the share of CO2 emissions 

from international flights exceeding their 2020 

levels by comparing emissions from 2021 onwards 

against a baseline of CO2 emissions. Due to the 

Covid-19 pandemic, which resulted in a period of 

low flying in FY2020/21, the ICAO Council decided 

to use 2019 emissions as a baseline instead of 

2020 for the pilot phase from 2021 to 2023. The 

voluntary pilot period for the CORSIA scheme has 

been set in motion as of 2021, and will become 

mandatory for all airlines from 2027.

SIA recognises that CORSIA plays an integral role 

in helping the aviation industry achieve its target 

in a cost-efficient manner. Singapore participates 

voluntarily in CORSIA between 2021 and 2026 

before the mandatory implementation of the 

scheme. SIA supports the implementation of 

CORSIA by meeting the Monitoring, Reporting and 

Verification requirements. We began monitoring 

and reporting our CO2 emissions on an annual basis 

from January 2019.

MANAGEMENT OF ENERGY AND EMISSIONS (CONTINUED)

CASE STUDY 

EMPOWERING ACTION ON CLIMATE CHANGE THROUGH CARBON OFFSETTING  

SIA is committed to reducing our carbon emissions. However, to be a sustainable airline, partnerships are key to helping us remain true to our 

commitment. Through the Singapore Airlines Group’s voluntary carbon offset programme, which was launched in June 2021, SIA empowers our 

customers to take meaningful action to protect the environment.

The programme enables Singapore Airlines and Scoot passengers, as well as SIA Cargo customers, to calculate and neutralise their portion of emissions via 

dedicated microsites. All of the contributions will be used to fund accredited environmental projects in Asia that will help reduce or avoid carbon emissions. 

Starting Your Carbon Offset Journey

We have carefully selected a portfolio of carbon offset projects that includes protecting rainforests, supporting renewable energy technology, and 

sustainably improving the livelihoods of local communities. Each project is independently accredited and meets rigorous standards to ensure the 

integrity of the project’s benefits. The SIA Group’s voluntary carbon offset programme is delivered in partnership with Tasman Environmental Markets 

(TEM), an established carbon offset provider specialising in aviation emissions.

Projects Supported Under the SIA Group’s Voluntary Carbon Offset Programme

Rainforest Preservation

Preserve vital rainforests in Indonesia, protect 

endangered species such as the orangutan, and 

support the development of local villages.

Cleaner Cooking

Distribute efficient, clean-burning cookstoves that 

reduce smoke pollution and the associated health 

risks for villagers in Nepal.

Solar Power

Develop solar energy projects across India that 

generate renewable electricity and support the 

sustainable development of local economies.

Visit SIA’s sustainability page 

and click on “Offset Your  

Next Flight Now”

Select your origin,  

destination and cabin class

Click on  

“Calculate Your Emissions”

 Purchase your carbon offsets  

and fly carbon neutral



Find out more about the projects supported at our website. 

59 

 IATA, “CORSIA: final decisions before take-off”.





Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

122





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX






Performance of SIA’s Flight Operations60 302-1

302-3

302-4

305-1

305-4

305-5

SIA’s total fleet fuel consumption saw a decrease of 76% from 1,729 million AG in FY2019/20, to 420 million AG in FY2020/21. This corresponds with the 76% decrease in our Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 

from 16,301,082 tonnes CO2 in FY2019/20 to 3,957,889 tonnes CO2 in FY2020/21. This was largely due to capacity cuts across our network and the reduction in demand for air travel and passenger traffic due 

to the Covid-19 pandemic. This has also affected our operational productivity and load factors, which resulted in a decrease in our overall fuel productivity.

Underscoring our commitment to reduce emission contributions from flight operations, we continued to implement fuel reduction and efficiency measures across our aircraft fleet to reduce our GHG emissions. 

This enabled us to achieve an estimated GHG emissions savings of 28,382 tonnes CO2 in FY2020/21.

MANAGEMENT OF ENERGY AND EMISSIONS (CONTINUED)

60 

 Please refer to the Appendix for definitions and methodologies.

Fuel 

Consumption

Direct  

(Scope 1) 

GHG Emissions

SIA Passenger Fleet

SilkAir Fleet

SIA Freighter Fleet

Scoot Fleet

FY2020/21

0

4

10

14

20

18

16

6

8

12

2

0

FY2020/21

1,476

420

3,958

16.70

7.86

8.30

5.09

1.14

1.85

1.20

0.56

Direct (Scope 1) 

GHG emissions 

(‘000 tonnes CO2)

Direct (Scope 1) GHG 

Emissions Intensity 

(kgCO 2/LTK)

Fuel

 

Consumption 

(million AG)

Fuel 

Productivity

(LTK/AG)

18,000

12,000

14,000

16,000

10,000

3.00

2.50

2.00

1.50

1.00

0.50

4,000

6,000

8,000

2,000

1,800

1,200

1,400

1,600

1,000

2,000

400

600

800

200

SIA Passenger Fleet

SilkAir Fleet

SIA Freighter Fleet

Scoot Fleet

FY2018/19

FY2017/18

FY2016/17

FY2019/20

1,729

1,748

1,502

1,492

17.00

17.68

17.25

16.15

13.18

13.62

10.57

10.74

10.59

10.18

8.15

8.48

8.99

8.86

16,301

16,488

14,163

14,069

1.16

1.11

1.05

1.05

0.93

0.89

0.88

0.89

0.55

0.58

0.53

0.55

0.69

0.72

FY2018/19

FY2017/18

FY2016/17

FY2019/20

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

123





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


























































In line with the Singapore Green Plan 2030, as well as SIA’s Sustainability Policy and Climate Action Pledge, we continue to explore and embark 

on new sustainable practices across our operations. 

SIA’s CONTRIBUTION TO THE SINGAPORE GREEN PLAN 2030

Green Energy

Cleaner-energy 

Vehicles 

Green Infrastructure  

and Buildings 

Harvesting rainwater 

for flushing purposes 

and watering of 

external landscape 

Provision of six EV 

charging stations 

to encourage EV 

adoption  

Adoption of Smart 

Lighting System that 

uses LED light and 

inbuilt sensors61

Adoption of renewable 

energy through 

the installation of 

20,000 solar panels, 

total capacity of 8.2 

megawatt-peak (MWp)  

Harvesting of ground 

water for flushing and 

irrigation purposes 

Deployment of 

recycling bins, 

including those for 

e-waste, in all  

SIA-owned buildings

Green Citizenry, Reducing Waste  

to Landfill 

Installation of eco-

digester to recycle 

food and canteen 

waste at our canteens

Reusing of condensate 

water for flushing 

purposes and watering 

of external landscape61

Airline House,  

SIA Training 

Centre, TechSQ

Airline House 

Airline House  

(2 units), SIA 

Training Centre  

(4 units) 

Airline House 

Airline House,  

SIA Training 

Centre, TechSQ

Airline House,  

SIA Training 

Centre, TechSQ

Airline House,  

SIA Training 

Centre, TechSQ 

Airline House

61 

These projects are currently under feasibility study. 

Green Citizenry, Reducing Water Consumption 

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

124





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








ENERGY AND WATER CONSERVATION ON THE GROUND

Energy Conservation 

Buildings are a major driver of global energy 

demand, accounting for approximately 39% of 

energy related global GHG emissions62. Of this 

sector contribution, 28% relates to operational 

GHG emissions associated with energy used to 

operate the building or infrastructure. SIA aims to 

transition into a decarbonised built environment 

through retrofitting and renovation efforts to 

facilitate reduction in resource usage and improved 

performance.

Energy Reduction Initiatives

SIA’s electricity consumption data includes electricity 

consumed at SIA’s properties and offices and a large 

amount of energy consumption is due to the use of 

electricity for air-conditioning systems, lightings and 

lifts. SIA reviews the performance of major building 

equipment including the plans for refurbishment 

or upgrading on an annual basis. In FY2020/21, we 

continued to implement energy reduction initiatives 

and explore new technologies including: 

•	 Adjusting operating parameters of our chiller 

plants and air-handling units (AHU)

•	 Progressively replacing lightings with more 

energy efficient light-emitting diode (LED) fittings

•	 Adopting Smart Lighting System that uses LED 

lights and inbuilt sensors to adjust the lighting 

level based on the occupancy load in our offices 

•	 Upgrading our existing chiller plants and AHUs 

•	 Collaborating with strategic partners to explore 

the adoption of smart sensors 

Adoption of Renewable Energy

In addition to our energy reduction initiatives, we remain committed to increasing our adoption of renewable energy. In February 2020, SIA and 

SIAEC signed a power purchase agreement with Sembcorp Solar, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sembcorp Industries, to install and operate rooftop 

solar panels on SIA’s premises. The solar panels help to power onsite operations at various locations, with surplus power generated channelled to 

Singapore and the Changi Airport Group’s (CAG) electrical grids.

Under the agreement, Sembcorp Solar would install, own and operate over 20,000 solar panels at SIA’s Airline House, SIA Training Centre, TechSQ, 

five of SIAEC’s hangars, and its Engine Test Facility in Singapore. With a total installed capacity of 8.2 megawatt-peak (MWp), this will be the largest 

combined solar-power energy project for the aviation industry in Singapore.

Despite the delays in construction activities due to the pandemic, the project was commissioned in FY2020/21. Today, the installed solar panels are 

capable of delivering 10,200MWh of clean energy per annum.

Cleaner Ground Operations

To manage GHG emissions from SIA’s ground operations, all diesel- and petrol-powered vehicles in our fleet are required to comply with the National 

Environmental Agency’s (NEA) requirements on motor vehicle emissions. In addition, our vehicles undergo regular inspections such as the Chassis 

Dynamometer Smoke Test annually to ensure the smoke opacity limit meets local standards. Employees are also reminded to adhere to anti-idling 

engine regulations and switch off idle engines to conserve fuel and promote cleaner air.

62 

Global Alliance for Buildings and Construction &amp; International Energy Agency, “Global Status Report 2018”.

63 

Includes clean energy generated at SIA’s Airline House, SIA Training Centre, TechSQ, five of SIAEC’s hangars and the Engine Test Facility.

&gt;20,000

Solar panels installed at SIA’s Airline 

House, SIA Training Centre, TechSQ, 

five of SIAEC’s hangars, and its 

Engine Test Facility

Equivalent to powering

2,290

four-room HDB flats for a year

Expected generating capacity

10,200 MWh

 of clean energy per annum63

Equivalent to planting over

52,000

trees

Installed capacity of

8.2 MWp

Equivalent to offsetting

4.3 million kg

of CO2 emissions a year

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

125





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX






Performance of SIA Buildings and Offices64 302-1

302-3

302-4

305-2

305-4

305-5

ENERGY AND WATER CONSERVATION ON THE GROUND (CONTINUED)

64 

Please refer to the Appendix for definitions and methodologies.

65 

Locations include SIA’s four buildings (Airline House, SIA Supplies Centre, SIA Training Centre and TechSQ) and offices. 

66 

Locations include SIA’s four buildings  (Airline House, SIA Supplies Centre, SIA Training Centre and TechSQ), SIAEC’s Engine Testing Facility and six hangars.

The total electricity consumption at our buildings and offices65 decreased by 19% from 27,906.9MWh in FY2019/20 to 22,739.7MWh in FY2020/21. Our electricity intensity decreased by 18% from 120.3kWh/m2 

in FY2019/20 to 98.1kWh/m2 in FY2020/21. Correspondingly, our energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions and intensity decreased by 27% from 11,687.4 tonnes CO2 in FY2019/20 to 8,484.4 tonnes CO2 in 

FY2020/21. Contributing factors include adjustments to premises activities (adjustment in air-conditioning, lighting and shutting down of vacant premises, etc.) in view of reduced operational activities and  

work-from-home arrangements, as well as the implementation of resource management initiatives throughout the year. 

We have also achieved our FY2020/21 target of a 15% reduction in electricity consumption, from base year FY2010/11 level of 59,553.7MWh. This target takes into account the electricity consumption of 11 

assets66, which SIA and SIAEC have operational control over. In FY2020/21, the total electricity consumption of these eleven assets was 38,698.9MWh, a 35% reduction from FY2010/11 levels.

0

10,000

15,000

20,000

25,000

30,000

35,000

50

60

70

80

90

100

110

120

130

140

FY2020/21

FY2020/21

14,000

12,000

10,000

22,740

8,484

0.037

98

Energy Indirect 

(Scope 2) GHG 

Emissions (tonnes CO2)

Electricity 

Consumption 

(MWh)

Electricity 

Intensity 

(kWh/m2)

5,000

2,000

8,000

6,000

4,000

Electricity Consumption

Electricity Intensity

Energy Indirect 

(Scope 2) GHG Emissions

Energy Indirect (Scope 2) 

GHG Emissions Intensity 

Energy Indirect (Scope 2)

GHG Emissions Intensity

(tonnes CO2/m2)

0.060

0.050

0.040

0.030

0.020

0.010

0.000

0

27,907

28,144

27,805

28,280

120

121

120

122

11,687

11,798

11,781

11,945

0.050

0.051

0.051

0.052

FY2018/19

FY2017/18

FY2016/17

FY2019/20

FY2018/19

FY2017/18

FY2016/17

FY2019/20

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

126





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


Water Conservation 

PR-7

PR-8

PR-9

We recognise that the world is facing a water crisis, exacerbated by rapid population growth and the effects of 

climate change. Today, over two billion people live in countries experiencing high water stress67 and over two 

billion people lack safely managed drinking water68. Within Singapore, access to a reliable water source has 

been an ongoing challenge since the country’s founding days. Water is a basic human right, which SIA seeks to 

safeguard for our future generations.

SIA’s Interactions to Water Conservation 303-1

303-2

Most of the water usage in SIA’s buildings is related to air-conditioning and sanitary appliances. As such, most 

of our water management initiatives relates to the reduction of usage through water-saving devices and the 

harvesting of rainwater and ground water. The water used at SIA’s buildings is provided by the Public Utilities 

Board (PUB) of Singapore. No industrial effluents are generated from our commercial activities, and all waste water 

from sanitary and washing is discharged to government-operated water reclamation plants for treatment. Surface 

water is channelled to open drains and processed at the Government Water Treatment Plant.

In line with Singapore’s Ministry of Sustainability and the Environment’s (MEWR) Clean Water Policy, SIA strives 

towards continual improvement of water management and more efficient usage of water across our buildings. 

Some of the water conservation and improvement initiatives implemented in FY2020/21 include:

•	 Harvesting rainwater for flushing purposes and watering of external landscape. In FY2020/21, 5,716.5m3 of 

rainwater was conserved as a result of rainwater harvesting efforts. 

•	 Recycling of ground water at Airline House for flushing and irrigation purposes. The total water collected 

approximates to 14,600m3 per annum. Together with the rainwater harvested, the total water harvested amount 

to 88% of the total Airline House demand for non-potable water.  

•	 Launching studies on the collection and reusing of condensate water from air-conditioning units and treatment 

of surface water for cooling towers to reduce our dependency on potable water. 

•	 Installing water saving taps and foam soap dispensers in our washrooms.

•	 Displaying educational posters provided by PUB in shower rooms and public hand wash areas in the canteen to 

encourage water conservation.

•	 Conducting regular water audits and submission of water efficiency management plan to the PUB annually.

•	 Partnering a leading waste management contractor for wastewater treatment for the aircraft maintenance 

activities in our hangars.





ENERGY AND WATER CONSERVATION ON THE GROUND (CONTINUED)

67 

 United Nations, “Water Scarcity”.

68 

 World Health Organization, “Water Supply, Sanitation and Hygiene Monitoring”.

Moving forward, SIA will progressively replace the current sanitary wares with sensor-

based models in our upcoming toilet renovations to minimise water wastage. 

In recognition of our water conservation efforts during the year, we attained the PUB 

Water Efficiency Building (WEB) Certificates for four SIA-owned buildings, namely 

Airline House, SIA Training Centre, SIA TechSQ and SIA Supplies Centre. 

CASE STUDY 

HARVESTING GROUND WATER 

Airline House is built on reclaimed land with high water table. Hence, ground 

water collected is channelled and pumped out to the main sewer line to 

reduce the pressure against the floor slab. Water samples tested were found 

to be suitable for flushing and watering of plants. As such, SIA embarked on a 

project to collect ground water and channel them into the rainwater tank to be 

reused. This project was operational since March 2020 and harvested a total of 

17,521.4m3 of ground water.



Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

127





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


Water Performance of SIA’s Properties and Offices69 





ENERGY AND WATER CONSERVATION ON THE GROUND (CONTINUED)

69 

 Prior year’s water withdrawal and water intensity values for FY2016/17, FY2017/18, FY2018/19 and FY2019/20 were corrected to ensure the accuracy of values reported. Please refer to the Appendix for definitions, methodologies and reasons for and effect of restatements.

Water withdrawn from our buildings and offices decreased by 25% from 197,256m3 in FY2019/20 to 147,964m3 in FY2020/21. Water intensity figures also saw a decrease of 25% from 0.79m3/m2 in FY2019/20 

to 0.59m3/m2 in FY2020/21. The decrease in water withdrawn and intensity figures were largely due to reduced operational activities and work-from-home arrangements due to the Covid-19 pandemic, as well 

as the implementation of water management initiatives at SIA’s properties and offices.

0.10

0.20

0.30

0.40

0.50

0.60

1.00

0.90

0.80

0.70

0

50,000

0

100,000

150,000

250,000

200,000

Water  

Withdrawal (m3)

Water Intensity  

(m3/m2)

Tap Water

Rain Water

NEWater

Water Intensity

105,459

23,238

19,267

0.59

FY2020/21

158,541

14,621

15,111

0.75

143,104

18,799

21,027

0.73

156,837

16,349

19,779

0.77

160,708

15,689

20,859

0.79

FY2016/17

FY2017/18

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

303-3

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

128





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








WASTE 306-1

306-2

PR-7

PR-8

PR-9

The world is facing a mounting waste issue. Waste generation is expected to drastically outpace 

population growth by 2050. Against a backdrop of rapid urbanisation and consumerism, global annual 

waste generation is expected to increase to over three billion tonnes over the next 30 years, up from 

around two billion tonnes today70.

In August 2019, Singapore launched the inaugural Zero Waste Masterplan, which maps out the 

country’s key strategies to build a sustainable, resource-efficient and climate-resilient nation. This 

includes reducing the amount of waste sent to Singapore’s landfill, and encouraging the adoption of 

sustainable production and consumption practices. 

As part of our commitment to minimise our environmental footprint through a prudent waste 

hierarchy, we practise the five Rs – Refuse, Reduce, Reuse, Repurpose and Recycle – across our 

operations, both in the air and on the ground. 

SIA adopts a four-pronged approach to manage waste: 

•	 Reducing waste generation through the adoption of digital technologies, and introducing waste 

and materials reduction initiatives across our operations  

•	 Reducing waste disposal through recycling, reusing and repurposing of materials 

•	 Implementing operational improvements to reduce waste generation and disposal 

•	 Building partnerships with like-minded industry partners to explore new collaboration opportunities

REFUSE

Refusing the use of single-use disposables such as plastics and straws

REDUCE

Reducing the use of materials and waste generated

REUSE 

Minimising disposables and replacing cabin items with more reusable and 

sustainable alternatives

REPURPOSE 

Repurposing and upcycling of materials that have lost its functionality

RECYCLE 

Making a conscious effort to Recycle waste such as electronics and  

plastics purposefully



70 

World Bank, “What a Waste 2.0: A Global Snapshot of Solid Waste Management to 2050”.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

129





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


In-flight Waste Reduction





WASTE (CONTINUED)

The sustainable management of aircraft cabin waste comprises two primary waste-streams: cleaning waste and catering waste.

A study by IATA estimated that the aviation industry generated 6.1 million tonnes of cabin waste 

in 2018, and is expected to double that in the next decade71. An average of 352.7kg of waste was 

generated per flight, with an average passenger generating 1.4kg of cabin waste per flight72.

SIA does not collect, store or dispose of cabin waste. These activities are performed by contracted 

cleaners and caterers and are subjected to the international waste regulations. Nonetheless, SIA 

remains committed to play our role in reducing and managing cabin waste in a more sustainable 

manner. SIA is working with our caterers worldwide to explore various initiatives and conduct waste 

audits to gain a better understanding of the make-up of our waste. This allows us to step up our 

efforts in segregating and recycling of waste, promoting circular economy concepts where possible.

Since 2019, a Sustainability Taskforce set up within the Cabin Crew Division has been taking charge 

of ideating and implementing sustainability-related initiatives to reduce waste and encourage 

environmental-friendly practices among stakeholders. The Sustainability Taskforce is also in charge of 

monitoring and tracking the progress of implemented initiatives. 

Annually, the Cabin Crew Division organises a Reduce Wastage Campaign to develop environmental 

consciousness among employees. Previously, the campaign was catered only to cabin crew and 

emphasised how simple changes in work behaviour and practices can help reduce waste. In 

FY2020/21, the campaign was extended to cabin crew ground staff as well, so that more employees 

can contribute to the collective efforts to reduce our cabin waste generated and disposed. 

In FY2020/21, we also embarked on several initiatives to better understand SIA’s cabin waste footprint 

and identify potential waste reduction opportunities. Since July 2020, we have been working with 

SATS Ltd to monitor the amount of waste generated on SIA’s inbound flights. In August 2020, SIA 

conducted our inaugural waste audit on one of our flights to Frankfurt. Through this audit, SIA found 

that a majority of our cabin waste was from catering waste, of which most were food and beverage 

waste. This reaffirms the need for us to continually source for solutions to reduce food wastage 

through initiatives such as our collaboration with Lumitics. By monitoring and understanding our waste 

footprint, we hope to be able to develop a more structured and targeted approach to manage our 

cabin waste in SIA.

CLEANING WASTE

Cleaning waste is waste collected as 

a result of cleaning operations within 

the aircraft and includes amenity kits, 

earphones, lavatory waste, plastic 

bottles, textiles, as well as litter left 

behind by passengers.

CATERING WASTE

Catering waste is generated by in-flight 

meals and beverages distributed on 

board the flight. These include food and 

beverages (both part-consumed and 

untouched), as well as packaging which 

are returned to the galley carts, static 

bins and compactor boxes.

AIRCRAFT CABIN WASTE

71 

IATA, “Cabin Waste Handbook”.

72 

IATA, “Aircraft Cabin Waste Project Report”.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

130





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX






WASTE (CONTINUED)

Collaboration with SATS Ltd to Improve  

Economy Class Meal Concept

In FY2020/21, SIA worked with SATS Ltd to develop a 

new eco-friendly dining concept. The new meal concept 

involves the replacement of single-use plastic packaging 

with alternative sustainable materials. For more details, 

please refer to the case study on page 132.

Use of Alternative Materials

In FY2019/20, SIA replaced the plastic polybags for children’s toys with recyclable paper 

packaging. Moving forward, SIA plans expand the use of alternative packaging materials by 

adopting the use of sustainable polybag packaging for all SIA bears.

Since December 2020, Scoot has been progressively replacing the plastic bottles of water 

offered on our flights with a more sustainable Tetra-pack alternative made mainly from paper 

and Forest Stewardship Council (FSC)-certified packaging material. Currently, Tetra-pack water 

is offered only for onboard purchases while we phase out plastic bottled water for pre-ordered 

meals. Scoot also plans to eventually replace our current stock of plastic drink stirrers with 

wooden ones when they have run out.

Digital Reading Literature 

All hardcopy literature (newspapers, magazines, etc.) and menus were 

removed from our seatback pockets and ported to our e-Library on the 

SingaporeAir mobile application and Digital Menu respectively in FY2020/21. 

The digitising of our reading literature and in-flight menu was expedited 

due the Covid-19 pandemic, as airlines sought to implement measures 

to minimise interaction with passengers and reduce touchpoints, so as to 

manage the risk of Covid-19 transmission on board flights. 

Pre-ordering of Meals to Reduce Food Waste

SIA enhanced the pre-ordering of meals 

and enabled passengers to indicate if 

they wish to skip meals. This initiative 

was launched in November 2020, and 

passengers could do so by managing 

their booking on our website or through 

our mobile app. This, alongside the pre-ordering of 

meals, allows for more accurate uplifting of meals, 

thereby reducing food waste. 

Reducing Waste from In-flight Amenities 

Since FY2019/20, SIA started offering its in-flight amenity kits on 

a request basis to Premium Economy Class and Economy Class 

customers, instead of distributing them to all passengers. In April 

2020, SIA expanded this initiative for our Business Class customers.

Digitising Work Processes 

Through the Sustainability Taskforce, SIA implemented several 

initiatives to digitising our in-flight work processes to improve 

productivity and reduce paper usage. Some of these initiatives include: 

•	 Tracking and investigating customer complaints online instead of 

using hard copy feedback forms.

•	 Phasing out the use of hard copy comment forms and encouraging 

customers to submit feedback online via email or the feedback page 

on our website. 

•	 Ceasing the submission of Onboard Service Lists (OSLs) since May 

2020. Cabin crew access passenger list and details via the Beyond 

Excellent Service through Technology (BEST) application, while 

ground staff will utilise the electronic OSL (eOSL) portal for an 

overview of passenger requests and details for each flight. 

Reducing In-flight Catering and Cleaning Waste

SIA reduces our in-flight catering and cleaning waste by: 

•	 Collaborating with partners and caterers to improve our menu design and 

preparation processes through machine learning, research and development

•	 Digitalising our in-flight services and work processes 

•	 Encouraging the reduction in consumption of in-flight amenities 

•	 Replacing plastic materials with alternative packaging materials

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

131





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX






WASTE (CONTINUED)

CASE STUDY 

NEW SHORT-HAUL ECONOMY CLASS MEAL CONCEPT   

Food wastage is a prevalent issue in the airline industry, with 20% 

of airlines’ cabin waste comprising untouched food and drink73. SIA 

recognises the need to work closely with our partners and caterers to 

improve the planning and logistics around food waste. Lumitics and 

SATS Ltd are some of the key partners SIA has been collaborating with 

to improve our menu design and preparation processes through machine 

learning, research and development. 

In FY2020/21, SIA worked with SATS Ltd, SIA’s Singapore-based 

catering partner to develop a new eco-friendly dining concept, that 

has been implemented across several short-haul SIA and SilkAir flights 

in Economy Class. The new meal concept involves the replacement of 

plastic packaging with alternative sustainable materials that can reduce 

the use of single-use plastics by 80% by weight. Some of these features 

include the use of FSC-certified paper for the meal box and cups, and the 

adoption of bamboo and paper-based alternatives for the dessert box 

and cutlery pack.

Benefits of SIA’s New Meal Concept 

•	 Use of more sustainable alternative packaging materials, reducing use 

of single-use plastics by 80% by weight 

•	 Function of new packaging is comparable to plastic casseroles. It is 

able to hold the same amount of food, is more secure, oven-safe and 

resistant to overheating 

•	 Food waste and meal box will be sent to an eco-digester, converted 

to pellets and used as refuse-derived fuel (RDF), reducing catering 

waste by 60%. 

73 

 IATA, “Cabin Waste Handbook”.



Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

132





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


74 

 Ministry of Environment &amp; Water Resources, “Singapore’s Zero Waste Masterplan”





WASTE (CONTINUED)

SIA strives to align our approach with Singapore’s Zero Waste aspirations, which include reducing waste sent to the country’s 

Semakau Landfill each day by 30%, and increasing our overall recycling rate to 70% by 203074.  In FY2020/21, SIA continued with the 

implementation of various waste reducing and recycling initiatives to minimise waste from three main waste streams: food waste, 

electrical and electronic waste (e-waste), paper and plastics.

Recycling Canteen Waste at Airline House

To reduce our canteen’s food and material waste footprint, SIA introduced the concept of an eco-friendly canteen at Airline House in 

FY2017/18. As part of this concept, SIA installed an eco-digester at the bin centre, which has the ability to convert approximately 600kg to 

800kg worth of canteen food waste and 80kg of non-food waste (including disposable foodware and general waste) to refuse-derived fuel 

(RDF) everyday. The eco-digester uses heat and an enzymatic process to digest canteen waste into RDF on site. RDF is a renewable fuel 

source that can be used in thermal power plants to generate electricity and produces fewer GHG emissions compared to traditional fossil 

fuels. In addition to the reduction of canteen waste disposed, SIA also reduced GHG emissions from the transportation of canteen waste for 

incineration and the burning of incineration waste. Due to work-from-home measures and reduced human traffic in the office and canteen in 

FY2020/21, less waste was collected and only 2.3 tonnes of RDF was converted from canteen waste using the eco-digester. 

Recycling Electronic Waste at Our Offices

To encourage a culture of recycling e-waste, SIA implemented an initiative called “Let’s Erase e-Waste” in 2016. In FY2020/21, 450kg of e-waste 

was collected and recycled through Cimelia Resource Recovery Pte Ltd. This is an ongoing initiative which has developed an awareness 

among employees on the proper treatment and disposal of e-waste through various educational programmes and the introduction of 

e-waste recycling bins at our Singapore offices. A total of 6,370kg of e-waste has been recycled through this initiative since 2016. 

Reducing Paper One Name Card at a Time

As part of our transition into a digital and paperless age, SIA introduced digital name cards for all Singapore Airlines Group staff in the 

form of a QR code, which is stored within the 1SQ mobile app. This will enable external parties to scan the QR code and save a SIA staff’s 

information such as their name, title, telephone and email address into their phone contact list. This initiative began in July 2019 and is 

projected to be able to save approximately of 59 reams of paper annually.

Reducing Plastic Waste Across Our Business Units 

SIA’s Engineering Division embarked on several initiatives in FY2020/21 to reduce plastic and paper waste generated. Some of these 

initiatives include:

•	 Installing and using of air bubble machines to reduce wastage by producing only the amount of bubble wrap needed for the packing 

of aircraft spare parts 

•	 Switching from the use of 80 microns LDE plastic bags to 60 microns LDE plastic bags for the packing of aircraft spare parts 

•	 Digitising forms and approval processes to reduce paper waste generated. This resulted in a reduction of 916 reams of paper used 

from 2019 to 2020 





Ground Waste Reduction 

Estimated

2.3 tonnes

of canteen waste treated  

in the eco-digester

Estimated

450kg

of e-waste collected and 

recycled in FY2020/21

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

133





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX






WASTE (CONTINUED)

Performance of SIA’s Properties75

Testament to SIA’s prudent waste management initiatives, total waste generated by our buildings76 in Singapore decreased by 40% from 1,455 tonnes in FY2019/20 to 880 tonnes in FY2020/21. We also began 

monitoring the total amount of waste recycled at our buildings. In FY2020/21, we recycled a total of 68 tonnes of waste, which includes paper, plastics, ferrous metals and glass materials.

SIA achieved our FY2020/21 target of 30% reduction of waste generation, from base year FY2010/11 level of 5,787 tonnes. This target takes into account the waste data of 11 assets77, which SIA and SIAEC 

have operational control over. In FY2020/21, the total waste generated of these 11 assets was 1,180.8 tonnes, an 80% reduction from FY2010/11.

75 

Please refer to the Appendix for definitions and methodologies.

76 

Locations covered include SIA’s four buildings (Airline House, SIA Supplies Centre, SIA Training Centre, and TechSQ) and Hangars 1, 2 and 3, which are under SIAEC’s operational control. Data for Hangars 1, 2 and 3 are included as data could not be segregated. 

77 

Locations covered include SIA’s four properties (Airline House, SIA Supplies Centre, SIA Training Centre, and TechSQ), SIAEC’s Engine Testing Facility and six hangars.

Total Waste Recycled at Buildings in FY2020/21, by Location and Waste Type (tonnes)

Paper

Plastic

Ferrous Metal

Glass

Total

Airline House and Hangars 1, 2, 3 

56.67

5.97

3.48

0.00

66.12

SIA Training Centre

1.38

0.02

0.02

0.02

1.43

TechSQ 

0.34

0.00

0.01

0.01

0.36

SIA Supplies Centre

0.35

0.00

0.01

0.13

0.49

Total Waste Recycled (tonnes) 

58.74

5.99

3.52

0.16

68.41

FY2020/21

3,500

3,000

2,500

2,000

1,500

1,000

500

0

785

17

57

880

Airline House and Hangars 1, 2, 3

SIA Training Centre

TechSQ

SIA Supplies Centre

Total Waste  

Generated at Buildings 

(tonnes)

FY2019/20

2,819

2,474

2,067

1,093

116

196

50

215

251

54

216

240

49

235

228

59

3,341

2,979

2,587

1,455

21

FY2016/17

FY2017/18

FY2018/19

306-3

306-4

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

134





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX














NOISE 

PR-7

PR-8

PR-9

OTHER POLLUTANTS 

PR-7

PR-8

PR-9

Aircraft engines are a major source of noise pollution, especially during the landing and take-off cycle. 

Excessive noise can also be detrimental to the physical and mental health of people and wildlife, 

both on land and in the skies. It is also one of the main causes of adverse community reactions during 

airport operations78. While inherent to the nature of the industry, SIA is continually exploring ways to 

reduce our noise pollution and the impact on local communities situated near the airports. 

ICAO’s international standards for aircraft noise was adopted in 1971. Since then, standards have been 

progressively made more stringent. In 2006, ICAO introduced stricter noise standard, the ICAO Annex 

16, Volume 1, Chapter 4 Standards as part of its Balanced Approach to Aircraft Noise Management, to 

reduce noise at source. The continual improvements in noise certification standards ensure that aircraft 

manufacturers will continue to incorporate the latest noise reduction technology into aircraft designs 

and airlines will prioritise procuring aircraft which meets the industry standard. 

SIA seeks to minimise our noise pollution through compliance with ICAO noise standards, investments 

in newer and quieter aircraft, continuous improvements to existing fleets, and adopting appropriate 

noise abatement procedures in the airport vicinity. As of FY2020/21, every aircraft in SIA’s fleet meets 

the latest ICAO Chapter 4 noise standard. SIA has also ordered 31 Boeing 777-9s, which will have up 

to 15 dB noise levels below Stage 4 Aircraft Noise Standards margin.

In addition to GHG emissions, the combustion of jet fuel also results in other air emissions such as 

nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulphur oxides (SOx), carbon monoxide (CO), unburned hydrocarbons (HC), 

smoke, particulate matter (PM), and other trace compounds that affect the local air quality. Over the 

years, improved engine designs have gradually reduced emissions of NOx and CO and have almost 

eliminated emissions of HC and smoke79.

ICAO sets the international standards for NOx, CO2, hydrocarbons and exhaust levels from aircraft 

engine emissions under ICAO Annex 16, Volume III. This standard is applicable to new aircraft designs 

as of 2020, as well as new deliveries of current in-production aircraft types from 2023. SIA supports the 

new CO2 standard set by ICAO, to meet the aviation industry’s long-term commitment to reduce GHG 

emissions. 

SIA seeks to minimise our NOx footprint through compliance with ICAO’s emissions standards for 

NOx. The NOx standard, endorsed in 2004, is applicable to new engines manufactured from 2008 

and requires certification to CAEP/6 standards. A subsequent NOx standard, endorsed in 2010, is 

applicable to new engines manufactured from 2014 and requires certification to CAEP/8 standards.  

As of FY2020/21, the SIA Group’s fleet meets the 2004 ICAO CAEP/6 Emissions Standards for NOx. 

SIA’s Airbus A350s and Boeing 787s meet the CAEP/8 standards.





100%

of our aircraft fleet meets the 2004 

ICAO CAEP/6 or the stricter CAEP/8 

emissions standards for NOx

78 

ICAO, “Aircraft Noise”.

79 

IATA, “Local Air Quality”.

100%

of SIA’s aircraft fleet  

meets the latest ICAO 

Chapter 4 noise standard

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

135





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX








BIODIVERSITY 304-3

PR-8

The Harapan Rainforest Initiative 

Forests are home to more than 80% of the Earth’s 

terrestrial biodiversity, and around 1.6 billion people 

depend on them for their livelihood. Yet, deforestation 

continued to occur at an alarming rate of approximately 10 

million hectares per year between 2015 and 202080. Today, 

the United Nations estimates that over a million animal 

and plant species are threatened with extinction81, largely 

driven by anthropogenic environmental degradation and 

destruction.

SIA recognises that preserving our connection with nature 

is key to sustainable development. Since 2010, we have 

been involved in forest conservation by being the exclusive 

airline partner for the large-scale green initiative in Hutan 

Harapan, aimed at protecting one of the world’s most 

threatened and biodiverse ecosystems. 

The Harapan Rainforest Initiative, also known as Hutan 

Harapan, is an ecosystem restoration concession covering 

more than 98,555 hectares of lowland tropical rainforest 

in Sumatra, Indonesia. The area is rich in biodiversity and 

remains an important habitat for over 1,350 documented 

animal species, including the critically endangered 

Sumatran tiger and Sumatran elephant, as categorised by 

the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) 

Red List. 

This initiative is driven by a consortium of four 

organisations, namely Burung Indonesia, the Royal Society 

for the Protection of Birds (RSPB), BirdLife International 

(BLI) and the Nature and Biodiversity Conservation Union 

(NABU). With strong support from the Government of 

Indonesia, the Harapan Rainforest Initiative has been able 

to continually expand its biodiversity efforts and support 

the indigenous communities, among other initiatives. 

Some of the key developments and outcomes from Hutan 

Harapan in FY2020/21 are highlighted in this section.

Transitioning to a New Normal in Hutan Harapan COV-19

With the onset of the pandemic in early 2020, the Hutan Harapan base camp was closed to all visitors. Health and safety measures were 

introduced to ensure the safety of all staff entering the camp. Field staff visits to community groups were limited and focused on providing 

information on the pandemic. During the year, there were no outbreaks of Covid-19 at the base camp. Strict health protocols are still in place 

and activities are picking up overtime despite the slow progression due to additional safety measures. 

The pandemic has also underlined the importance of Hutan Harapan’s work in restoring forest ecosystems. A growing number of researchers are 

highlighting the relationship between the destruction of nature and increase in disease outbreaks. This further emphasises the need to prevent 

deforestation and maintain biodiverse ecosystems to reduce human-wildlife interactions and limit the spread of viruses, preventing the onset of 

future pandemics.

The Batin Sembilan Indigenous People: Far From the Covid-19 Pandemic COV-19

While the Covid-19 pandemic has impacted societies globally, the Batin Sembilan indigenous 

people were largely protected from the pandemic. During the year, there were zero reported 

cases of Covid-19 infection amongst the indigenous people. All eight Batin Sembilan families 

who lead a nomadic lifestyle were safe from the virus and were able to continue with their 

daily livelihoods.   

Hutan Harapan: A Heaven for Herpetofauna

In January 2021, Musadat, a Hutan Harapan field staff, accompanied a researcher from the Biology Faculty of the University of Jambi (UNJA), 

Dr Tedjo Sukmono, to investigate vertebrates in the forest. The research showed that Hutan Harapan has a rich diversity of the Herpetofauna 

species (amphibians and reptiles). Herpetofauna species are often overlooked but they are important indicators of ecosystem health. Reptiles 

play a major role as predators in the food chain while amphibians, especially frogs, are able to detect micro-climate changes due to their 

sensitivity to external environmental changes such as drought and pesticide use. Today, Hutan Harapan has a healthy diversity of Herpetofauna 

species with at least 55 amphibian and 71 reptile species. 



0

reported cases of Covid-19 

infection amongst the 

indigenous people



80 

FAO and UNEP, “The State of the World’s Forests 2020: Forests, biodiversity and people”.

81 

IPBES, “Summary for policymakers of the global assessment report on biodiversity and ecosystem services of the Intergovernmental Science-Policy Platform on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services”. 

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

136





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX






BIODIVERSITY (CONTINUED)

Forest Fire Prevention in Hutan Harapan

Forest fires are common in Indonesia, especially during prolonged periods of dry season. In 2020, there were fewer fires due to the increase in precipitation. During the year, the team focused on upgrading 

the capacities of Hutan Harapan’s firefighting team, purchasing new firefighting equipment, conducting community outreach programmes, and constructing a new fire tower.

In October 2020, three members of the Hutan Harapan firefighting team visited Riau for a one-week fire management training. Upon their return, the team conducted a forest and land fire simulation training 

in December 2020, which was attended by 50 staff. The construction of a 35m fire tower was also completed in the northern part of the restoration concession in December 2020. Moving forward, there are 

plans to construct another fire tower at the southern part of the restoration concession. 

These activities will enable the team to be more prepared and able to respond effectively to future forest fires, while limiting their spread and damage in the rainforest. 

Protecting Water Sources and Preventing Floods in South Sumatra and Jambi

Hutan Harapan’s rich water resources are a critical element to its biodiversity. The rivers in Hutan Harapan are a source of life for the Batin Sembilan Indigenous People and the Melayu people. In addition, 

Hutan Harapan acts as a buffer zone for four sub-watersheds: Kandang and Lalan rivers in Jambi and the Meranti and Kapas rivers in South Sumatra. The water quality both inside and outside of Hutan Harapan 

is maintained by the regulation of water flows within the area. Many underwater species and amphibian and reptile species also depend on the water catchments for their survival. 

During the last three years, the water quality in Hutan Harapan has remained stable. Research results in 2020 found that the annual value of sedimentation is stable in the Meranti, Kapas, and Lalan rivers. In 

addition, the water temperature and pH levels indicate optimal conditions for aquatic life.

While the results are positive, recent developments along the Kandang river have raised concerns on its impact on the river’s water quality. The riparian forests have been replaced with food crops and oil palm, 

increasing the risk of soil erosion, sedimentation and flooding. To mitigate these risks, close collaboration with key stakeholders including the private sector and government is needed to ensure the protection 

and rehabilitation of watershed areas.    







SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX

137

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21






BIODIVERSITY (CONTINUED)

Buckingham Palace Declaration 

Wildlife crime is a billion-dollar business and is ranked the fourth most lucrative illegal trade after drugs, counterfeit and human trafficking. Over the years, increasing transport connectivity across the world has 

led to the rapid expansion of wildlife trade globally, threatening the survival of many wildlife species. The aviation sector is heavily exploited by this crime, with a yearly average of 20,000 illegal wildlife seizures 

occurring in airports all around the world. This brings about serious economic, legal, reputational and safety risks to the aviation industry. Illegal wildlife trafficking is not only harmful to biodiversity but causes 

the death of animals and wildlife rangers who protect the animals from poachers. The United for Wildlife Transport Taskforce was established in 2014 to facilitate the transport sector to examine its role in the 

illegal wildlife trade and to break the illegal wildlife trade chains. On 15 March 2016, the United for Wildlife Transport Taskforce member organisations signed up to the recommendations developed over 12 

months, with the first ever signing of a declaration at Buckingham Palace. 

The Buckingham Palace Declaration is a landmark agreement committed to take steps to shut down the routes exploited by traffickers of the illegal wildlife trade moving their products. The declaration aims to 

remove the vulnerabilities in transportation and customs to tackle the criminals currently exploiting them. The Declaration contains 11 commitments to raise standards across the transportation industry with a 

focus on information sharing, staff training, technological improvements, and resource sharing with companies and organisations around the world. 

Today, with more than 100 signatories, of which more than 50 are airlines including Singapore Airlines and SilkAir, we have pledged to do our part to combat illegal wildlife trade through the signing of the 

Buckingham Palace Declaration.

190

aviation staff trained by  

USAID Reducing Opportunities for 

Unlawful Transport of Endangered 

Species (ROUTES) through workshops  

organised by SIA

51

endangered Indian star 

tortoises repatriated by 

SIA Cargo to their natural 

environment

&gt;2,000

members of public educated 

on the ills of illegal wildlife 

trafficking through Inside 

Singapore Airlines exhibit

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

138





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX






BIODIVERSITY (CONTINUED)

Doing Our Part to Raise Awareness on  

Illegal Wildlife Trade 



Illegal wildlife trade is a complex problem which requires the cooperation of 

multiple stakeholders including the authorities, transport companies, airport 

staff and the public. SIA believes that education is vital for change to happen 

and plays our part by raising awareness on the implications around illegal 

wildlife trade to the employees and public. We held our first Illegal Wildlife 

Trafficking Awareness Workshop for SIA and Changi Airport staff in 2017, in 

collaboration with IATA, the Agri-Food and Veterinary Authority of Singapore, 

and Wildlife Reserves Singapore, and with the training being conducted by 

TRAFFIC, a leading non-governmental organisation working globally on trade 

in wild animals and plants. We continue to work with Changi Airport and 

TRAFFIC for a subsequent staff training workshop in 2019, specifically for 

check-in agents and ground handlers. 

At the recent Inside Singapore Airlines event held in November and 

December 2020, which welcomed more than 2,000 members of public, we 

incorporated an educational booth dedicated to raise awareness on illegal 

wildlife trade as part of the sustainability showcase in the main tour. Members 

of the public could interact with the prototypes of rhinoceros horns, elephant 

tusks and pangolin scales, as well as a mannequin which shows how a traveller 

is able to smuggle illegal wildlife items on his/her body. Common ways that 

traffickers hide illegal wildlife or products are in their baggage, air freight, or 

on themselves via their clothing. 

SIA’s efforts towards staff training an education has been showcased in the 

latest United for Wildlife South East Asia and Australasia Chapter meeting in 

May 2021. We continue to encourage members of the public to not purchase 

exotic illegal pets and products of illegal wildlife items such as ivory, which 

may lead to of the extinction of some of these species. 

Smuggling of illegal wildlife trade through cargo, checked-in luggage, or on passengers’ bodies



Commonly trafficked items such as rhinoceros horns, elephant tusks, and pangolin scales

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

139





SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

CONNECTING THE FUTURE

INTRODUCTION

APPENDIX


AAMP 

Airline Alcohol Management Programme

AAPA 

Association of Asia Pacific Airlines

AATP 

Airport Alcohol Testing Programme

AC 

Audit Committee

ACCA 

Association of Chartered Certified Accountants

ACSP 

Air Carrier Security Program

AESU 

Air-Transport Executive Staff Union

AG 

American Gallon

AGM 

Annual General Meeting

ALH 

Airline House

ALPA-S 

Air Line Pilots’ Association Singapore

ANR 

Air Navigation Regulations

AOC 

Air Operator Certificate

APP 

Arson Prevention Plan

ASC 

Air Safety Committee

ASEAN 

Association of Southeast Asian Nations

ASK 

Available seat-kilometres

ASPIRE 

Asia and Pacific Initiative to Reduce Emissions

ATM 

Air Traffic Management

BCIRC 

Board Compensation and Industrial Relations  

 

Committee

BEST 

Beyond Excellence Service through Technology

BGR 

Boarding Gate Readers

BLI 

BirdLife International

BSRC 

Board Safety &amp; Risk Committee

CA 

Customer Affairs

CAAS 

Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore

CAG 

Changi Airport Group

CAM 

Crew Administration Manual

CCM 

Cabin Crew Division Manual

CCS 

Customer Contac Services

CCSM 

Cabin Crew Safety Manual

CCSMSM Cabin Crew Safety Management System Manual

CE 

Customer Experience

CEIV 

Centre of Excellence for Independent Validators 

CEM 

Customer Experience Management

CEO 

Chief Executive Officer

CERT 

Company Emergency Response Team

CETSC 

Customer Experience, Technology and  

 

Sustainability Committee

CFSM 

Corporate Flight Safety Management and  

 

Procedures Manual

CIC 

Cargo in Cabin Seats

CIC+ 

Cargo in Cabin Floor

CIP 

Customer Insights Portal

CLC 

Corporate Learning Centre

CMG 

Crisis Management Group

CMM 

Crisis Management Manual

CO 

Carbon monoxide 

CO2 

Carbon dioxide







LIST OF KEY ABBREVIATIONS AND ACRONYMS 

CO2e 

Carbon dioxide equivalent

COP 

Communication on Progress

COQM 

Corporate Operational Quality (Safety) Manual

COQMR 

Corporate Operational Quality Management  

 

Review

CORSIA 

Carbon Offset and Reduction Scheme for  

 

International Aviation

CPR 

Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation

CQM 

Cargo Quality Manual

CSI 

Cabin Safety Instructions

CSM 

Cargo Safety Manual

CSO 

Cabin Operation Safety

CSR 

Corporate Social Responsibility

CTC 

Company Training Committee

DBS 

Development Bank of Singapore

DGR 

Dangerous Goods Regulations

DJSI 

Dow Jones Sustainability Index

eCCVR 

Electronic Cabin Crew Voyage Report

EDB 

Economic Development Board

ERP 

Emergency Response Plan

ESG 

Environmental, Social, Governance

ESP 

Employee Support Portal

ETF 

Engine Testing Facility

ETSP 

Enhanced Training Support Package

EXCO 

Executive Committee

FDAP 

Flight Data Analysis Programme

FEP 

Fire Emergency Plan

FFFA 

Free Food For All

FOQM 

Flight Operations Quality Manual

FRM 

Fatigue Risk Management

FSC 

Forest Stewardship Council

GHA 

Ground Handling Agents

FSM 

Fire Safety Manager

FSPM 

Flight Security Procedures Manual

GDP 

Gross Domestic Product

GDPR 

General Data Protection Regulation

GHG 

Greenhouse gas

GRI 

Global Reporting Initiative

GRIP 

Ground Ramp Incident Prevention

GSM 

Ground Services Manual

GSQM 

Ground Services Quality Manual

ha 

Hectare

HACCP 

Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points

HC 

Hydrocarbons

HDB 

Housing Development Board

HEFA 

Hydro-processed Esters and Fatty Acids

IATA 

International Air Transport Association

ICAO 

International Civil Aviation Organisation

IFE 

In-flight Entertainment

ILO 

International Labour Organisation 

ILT 

Instructor-led Training

IOSA 

IATA Operational Safety Audit

IPCC 

Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change

IRAS 

Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore

ISO 

International Organisation for Standardisation

kg 

Kilograms

kWh 

Kilowatt-hour

L 

Litre

LOSA 

Line Operations Safety Audit

LTK 

Load tonne-kilometre

LTNW 

Lead The New World

M.A.R.V.I.E Most Awesome Resourceful Virtual Intern Ever

m2 

Square metre

m3 

Cubic metre

MBA 

Making Board Amazing

MBM 

Market-Based Measure

MC 

Management Committee

MEWR 

Ministry of the Environment and Water  

 

Resources (Singapore)

MINDS 

Movement for the Intellectually Disabled of  

 

Singapore

MOM 

Ministry of Manpower (Singapore)

MRV 

Monitoring, Reporting &amp; Verification

MSF 

Ministry of Social and Family Development

MSG 

Monosodium Glutamate

MWh 

Megawatt-hour

NC 

Nominating Committee

NEA 

National Environment Agency (Singapore)

NETF 

NTUC Education and Training Fund

NG 

Next Generation

NOx 

Nitrogen oxides

NPS 

Net Promoter Score

NTUC 

National Trades Union Congress

OCS 

Organisational Climate Survey

OEMs 

Original Equipment Manufacturers

OHSMS 

Occupational Health and Safety  

 

Management System

OSH 

Occupational Safety &amp; Health

OSHE 

Occupational Safety, Health &amp; Environment

PACC 

Passenger Aircraft Carrying Cargo

PDPA 

Personal Data Protection Act

PDPC 

Personal Data Protection Commission

PM 

Particulate matter

PPE 

Personal Protective Equipment

PRs 

Permanent Residents

PSM 

Premises Security Manual

PUB 

Public Utilities Board

QAR 

Quick Access Recorders

QMS 

Quality Management System

RCMC 

Risk &amp; Compliance Management Committee 

RDF 

Refuse-derived Fuels

RMD 

Risk Management Department

RSPB 

Royal Society for the Protection of Birds

RTF 

Restart Taskforce

SAF 

Sustainable Aviation Fuels

SAFUG 

Sustainable Aviation Fuel Users Group

SAG 

Safety Action Groups

SATS 

Singapore Airport Terminal Services

SCDF 

Singapore Civil Defence Force

SCOC 

Suppliers’ Code of Conduct

SCQ 

Service Culture and Quality

SDG 

Sustainable Development Goals

SEMS 

Security Management System

SEPM 

Safety and Emergency Procedures Manual

SESM 

Security Management System Manual

SFA 

Singapore Food Agency

SGX 

Singapore Exchange

SGXNet 

Singapore Exchange Net

S-I-A 

Staff-Ideas-in-Action

SIAEC 

Singapore Airlines Engineering Company

SIAMCM SIA Maintenance Control Manual

SIAOCC 

SIA Operations Control Centre

SIASU 

Signapore Airlines Staff Union

SID 

Singapore Institute of Directors

SMEU 

Social Media Engagement Unit

SMM 

Safe Management Measures

SMS 

Safety Management System

SO 

Sustainability Office

SOx 

Sulphur oxides

SSG 

SkillsFuture Singapore

SSO 

Social Service Office

SSQ GSM SSQ Ground Safety Manual

SSQ QM SSQ Quality Manual

SSQ 

Safety, Security and Quality

SSW 

Safety and Security Week

SSWC 

Sustainability Strategic Working Committee

STC 

SIA Training Centre

SWM 

Shorter Work Month

TJ 

Terajoules

TLC 

The LOSA Collaborative

TSF 

Telephone Service Factor

TSQ 

TechSQ

UN 

United Nations

UNEP 

United Nations Environment Programme

VNPL 

Voluntary No Pay Leave

VoC 

Voice of Customer

VRS 

Voyage Report System

WHO 

World Health Organization

WINS 

Workplace Improvement &amp; Innovation Scheme

WSG 

Workforce Singapore

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

140

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX








DEFINITIONS AND METHODOLOGIES

GENERAL

Mode of 

Narration

Throughout this Sustainability Report, “Singapore Airlines”, 

“SIA”, “we”, “us” and “our” are generally used to make 

reference to Singapore Airlines Limited (the Company) and 

its employees, unless otherwise stated. The term “Parent 

Airline Company” refers to “Singapore Airlines”, unless the 

context otherwise requires. “SIA Group” is used to make 

reference to Singapore Airlines Limited and its subsidiaries 

and employees, unless otherwise stated.  

The companies in which Singapore Airlines Limited directly 

and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. 

More information on the SIA Group, including its corporate 

structure and subsidiary information, can be found in the 

FY2020/21 SIA Annual Report.

Reporting 

Scope

All sustainability data and information presented in our 

report primarily relates to three of our reportable businesses 

– Singapore Airlines, SilkAir and Scoot – unless otherwise 

stated. The sustainability data and information relating to 

SIA Engineering Company (SIAEC) is disclosed separately 

in SIAEC’s Sustainability Report published annually by our 

subsidiary.

More information on our reportable businesses can be 

found in the FY2020/21 SIA Annual Report.

More information on the boundaries for key social and 

environmental data can be found on pages 142 to 145 

respectively.

Future-

looking 

Statements

Aside from statements of historical fact, this Sustainability 

Report contains statements that are future-looking 

in nature relating to SIA’s sustainability management 

approach. These are identified by terms and phrases such 

as “aim”, “ambition”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “continue”, 

“expect”, “goal”, “maintain”, “objective”, “plan”, “seek” 

and “target” and could also be expressed by way of 

future or conditional verbs such as “could”, “should”, 

“would”. These statements are based on assumptions and 

expectations at the time of publication, and are subject to 

risks and uncertainties determined by factors beyond the 

control of SIA. As we operate in a continually changing 

environment, readers are cautioned not to place undue 

reliance on forward-looking statements.

OPERATING STATISTICS 

Passenger 

Operations

Revenue passenger-km

Number of passengers carried multiplied by distance flown (in km)

Available seat-km

Number of available seats multiplied by distance flown (in km)

Passenger load factor

Revenue passenger-km expressed as a percentage of available seat-km

Passenger yield

Passenger revenue from scheduled services divided by revenue passenger-km

Revenue per available seat-km

Passenger revenue from scheduled services divided by available seat-km

Passenger unit cost

Passenger operating expenditure divided by available seat-km

Cargo 

Operations

Cargo load

Cargo and mail load carried (in tonnes) multiplied by distance flown (in km)

Gross capacity

Cargo capacity production (in tonnes) multiplied by distance flown (in km)

Cargo load factor

Cargo and mail load (in tonne-km) expressed as a percentage of gross capacity (in tonne-km)

Cargo yield

Cargo and mail revenue from scheduled services divided by cargo load (in tonne-km)

Cargo unit cost

Cargo operating expenditure divided by gross capacity (in tonne-km)

Overall 

Operations

Overall load

Passenger, cargo and mail load carried (in tonnes) multiplied by distance flown (in km)

Overall capacity

Passenger and cargo capacity production (in tonnes) multiplied by distance flown (in km)

Overall load factor

Overall load (in tonne-km) expressed as a percentage of overall capacity (in tonne-km)

Overall yield

Passenger, cargo and mail flown revenue from scheduled services divided by overall load 

(in tonne-km)

Overall unit cost

Operating expenditure divided by overall capacity

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

141

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


DEFINITIONS AND METHODOLOGIES (CONTINUED)



GOVERNANCE

Corruption 

Corruption definition: An abuse of entrusted power for 

private gain, which can be instigated by individuals or 

organisations. 

Confirmed incident of corruption definition: An incident 

of corruption that has been found to be substantiated. 

Confirmed incidents of corruption do not include incidents 

of corruption that are still under investigation in the 

reporting period.

Boundary: Confirmed incidents of corruption covers SIA, 

SilkAir and Scoot’s global operations. Number of employees 

completing anti-corruption training covers SIA and SilkAir’s 

global operations. As Scoot’s anti-corruption training 

programme only started in April 2021, Scoot’s data was 

excluded from the reporting scope, but will be included in 

next year’s report.

Conflict of 

Interest 

Conflict of interest definition: A situation where an 

individual is confronted with choosing between the 

requirements of his or her function and his or her own 

private interests. 

Grievance 

Mechanism

Grievance mechanism definition: A system consisting of 

procedures, roles and rules for receiving complaints and 

providing remedy. 

Non-

compliance

Incidents of non-compliance definition: Incidents of 

violation that occur within the reporting period.

Significant fines definition: Significant fines refer to those 

above USD10,000.

Boundary: Incidents of non-compliance and significant fines 

incurred covers SIA, SilkAir and Scoot’s global operations.

EMPLOYEES

Employees

Employees definition: An individual who is in an employment relationship with the organisation. All employee data relates to 

the year’s headcount as at 31 March 2021.

Employee categories: SIA’s employee profile can be broadly broken down by function (i.e. Ground Staff, Cabin Crew and 

Pilots), in line with our human resources system.

Worker who is a non-employee definition: An individual whose work, or workplace, is controlled by the organisation. 

This Sustainability Report has been scoped to include key contractors only (cleaners, maintenance, landscaping, warehouse 

operations), unless otherwise stated.

Boundary: Total employees reported covers the SIA Group’s global operations. 

Restatement: Total employee figures in FY2018/19 and FY2019/20 were restated after aligning data compilation 

methodologies of SIA Engineering Company and Scoot. As a result, there was a slight increase in total employees in SIA 

Group for FY2018/19 and FY2019/20.

Employment 

Type and 

Contract

Employment Type: 

•	 Full-time definition: An employee whose working hours are defined according to national legislation and practice 

regarding working time. Based on Singapore’s Employment Act by MOM, a full-time employee is an individual required 

under his/her contract of service to work for not less than 35 hours a week.

•	 Part-time definition: An employee whose working hours are less than ‘full-time’ as defined above. Based on Singapore’s 

Employment Act by MOM, a part-time employee is one who is under a contract of service to work less than 35 hours a 

week. 

Boundary: Employee profile breakdown reported covers SIA and SilkAir’s global operations for FY2018/19, and SIA, SilkAir 

and Scoot’s global operations for FY2019/20 and FY2020/21. Due to data unavailability, Scoot’s FY2018/19 data was excluded 

from the reporting scope, but three-year data for SIA, SilkAir and Scoot will be included in next year’s report. 

Employment contract: 

•	 Employment contract definition: Refers to employment contract as recognised under national law or practice that can 

be written, verbal, or implicit (that is, when all the characteristics of employment are present but without a written or 

witnessed verbal contract).

•	 Permanent contract definition: A contract with an employee, for full-time or part-time work, for an indeterminate period.

•	 Temporary contract definition: A contract that is of limited duration and is terminated by a specific event (e.g. end of a 

project or work phase, or return of replaced employees).

Boundary: Employee profile breakdown reported covers SIA and SilkAir’s global operations for FY2018/19, and SIA, SilkAir 

and Scoot’s global operations for FY2019/20 and FY2020/21. Due to data unavailability, Scoot’s FY2018/19 data was excluded 

from the reporting scope, but three-year data for SIA, SilkAir and Scoot will be included in next year’s report.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

142

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


DEFINITIONS AND METHODOLOGIES (CONTINUED)



New Hires 

and Turnover

New hires definition: Employees who joined the organisation during the year. 

New hire rate methodology: Number of new hires over number of employees at the end 

of the reporting period, expressed as a percentage. This can be computed by the respective 

demographic cuts (e.g. new hire rate for employees &lt;30 years old is computed by number 

of new hires (&lt;30 years old) over number of employees (&lt;30 years old), expressed as a 

percentage).

Turnover definition: Employees who left the organisation during the year. Due to 

confidentiality constraints, reported turnover relates purely to voluntary attrition, and does not 

include involuntary turnover such as dismissal, completion of contract, etc.

Turnover rate methodology: Number of turnover over number of employees at the end of 

the reporting period, expressed as a percentage. This can be computed by the respective 

demographic cuts (e.g. turnover rate for males is computed by number of turnover (males) over 

number of employees (males), expressed as a percentage). 

Boundary: New hire and turnover numbers and rates reported cover SIA and SilkAir’s global 

operations for FY2018/19, and SIA, SilkAir and Scoot’s global operations for FY2019/20 and 

FY2020/21. Due to data unavailability, Scoot’s FY2018/19 data was excluded from the reporting 

scope, but three-year data for SIA, SilkAir and Scoot will be included in next year’s report.

Parental 

Leave 

Parental leave definition: Leave granted to male and female employees on the grounds of the 

birth of a child. This includes maternity, paternity, shared parental leave and childcare leave.

Return to work rate methodology: Number of employees who returned to work after parental 

leave ended, over number of employees who took parental leave, expressed as a percentage.

Retention rate methodology: Number of employees who returned to work after parental 

leave ended and who were still employed 12 months after their return to work, over number 

of employees who took parental leave, expressed as a percentage.

Boundary: Return to work rate and retention rate cover SIA and SilkAir’s global operations 

for FY2018/19, and SIA, SilkAir and Scoot’s global operations for FY2019/20 and FY2020/21. 

Due to data unavailability, Scoot’s FY2018/19 data was excluded from the reporting scope, 

but three-year data for SIA, SilkAir and Scoot will be included in next year’s report.

EMPLOYEES (CONTINUED)

SAFETY

Training Day

Training day definition: A day used for staff learning and development.

Average training days methodology: Total number of training days attended by employees, 

divided by number of employees as at 31 March. This can be computed by the respective 

demographic cuts (e.g. average number of training days for cabin crew is computed by 

number of training days attended by cabin crew over the number of cabin crew, expressed 

as a percentage). Due to unavailability of prior year data, we have omitted providing average 

training days by gender.

Boundary: Average training days reported covers SIA and SilkAir’s global operations for 

FY2018/19, and SIA, SilkAir and Scoot’s global operations for FY2019/20 and FY2020/21. 

Due to data unavailability, Scoot’s FY2018/19 data was excluded from the reporting scope, 

but three-year data for SIA, SilkAir and Scoot will be included in next year’s report.

Occupational 

Health 

and Safety 

Management 

Systems 

(OHSMS)

OHSMS definition: Occupational Health and Safety Management Systems refers to a set of 

interrelated or interacting elements to establish an occupational health and safety policy and 

objectives, and to achieve those objectives.

This definition is based on the International Labour Organization (ILO), Guidelines on 

Occupational Safety and Health Management Systems, ILO-OSH 2001, 2001.

Boundaries: 

•	 SIA’s Occupational Health and Safety Management System is based on Workplace Safety 

and Health Act and certified under ISO 45001: 2018 OHSMS Standard. It covers all 

employees, workplaces and contractors working at SIA workplaces in Singapore.

•	 SIA’s Quality Management System is based on CAAS Air Navigation Regulations and 

certified under ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System. It covers all operations and 

employees in Singapore.

•	 SIA’s Security Management System is based on Airport Police Division Security Directive 

for Aircraft Operators, ICAO International Standards and Recommended Practices Annex 

17 – Security and IOSA Standards Manual. It covers all security operations, employees and 

applicable security providers globally.

•	 SIA’s Flight Safety Management System is based on CAAS Air Navigation Regulation, 

ICAO International Standards and Recommended Practices Annex 19 – Safety 

Management and IOSA Standards Manual. It covers all operations and employees 

globally. 

Aircraft 

incident 

Aircraft incident definition: An occurrence, other than an accident, associated with the 

operation of an aircraft which affects or could affect the safety of operation.

Serious incident definition: Incident involving circumstances indicating that there was a high 

probability of an accident and associated with the operation of an aircraft which takes place 

between the time any person boards the aircraft with the intention of flight until such time as 

all such persons have disembarked

These definitions are based on ICAO Annex 13, Aircraft Accident and Incident Investigation.

Hazard

Hazard definition: Any source of situation with the potential to cause injury or ill-health in 

the workplace. This includes types of dangerous occurrences as per defined by MOM list 

of Dangerous Occurrences in the Workplace Safety and Health Act (Chapter 354A), Section 

4(1).

This definition is based on the International Labour Organisation (ILO) Guidelines on 

Occupational Safety and Health Management Systems.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

143

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


DEFINITIONS AND METHODOLOGIES (CONTINUED)



Man-hours 

Worked

Man-hours worked definition: Total scheduled number of hours worked for the year ended 

31 March. 

Boundary: Employee man-hours worked reported covers SIA’s Singapore and SilkAir’s global 

operations for FY2018/19, and SIA’s Singapore, and SilkAir and Scoot’s global operations for 

FY2019/20 and FY2020/21. Due to data unavailability at this time, Scoot’s FY2018/19 data 

was excluded from the reporting scope, but three-year data for SIA, SilkAir and Scoot will be 

included in next year’s report.

Workers who are non-employees (scope to key contractors only) man-hours worked reported 

covers SIA’s Singapore and SilkAir’s global operations. Due to data unavailability at this time, 

Scoot’s data was excluded from the reporting scope, but we are working to gather data for 

Scoot in the coming years.

Work-related 

Incidents 

Work-related incidents definition: An unexpected and unplanned occurrence arising out 

of or in the course of work that could or does result in injury or ill-health or death. As per 

MOM’s definition, it could also be a Dangerous Occurrence, an Occupational Disease or: 

•	 Traffic accidents that happen at the workplace or in the course of work, e.g. a traffic 

accident while commuting to work on company transport

•	 Accidents that are incidental to or from work, e.g. slipping and falling within the workplace 

but when not performing official work duties

•	 Conditions of a medical nature, such as heart attacks or strokes, that may be triggered by 

work

This definition is based on ISO 45001:2018 and MOM’s Guidelines. 

Work-related 

Fatality

Work-related fatality definition: Refers to a work-related injury that results in a fatality/

death while performing work that is controlled by the organisation or that is being performed 

in a workplace controlled by the organisation. 

This definition is based on GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018.

Methodology: Work-related fatality rates were calculated based on 1,000,000 hours worked.

Boundary: Number and rate of work-related fatalities reported for employees and workers 

who are non-employees (scope to key contractors only) follow the same boundary as Man-

hours Worked.

SAFETY (CONTINUED)

Work-related 

Injury and  

Ill-health

Work-related injury and ill-health definition: Negative impacts on health arising from 

exposure to hazards at work. 

This definition is based on the International Labour Organization (ILO), Guidelines on 

Occupational Safety and Health Management Systems, ILO-OSH 2001, 2001

•	 Recordable work-related injury definition: A work-related injury that results in any of 

the following: death, hospitalisation for at least 24 hours, more than 3 days of medical 

leave from work (whether consecutive or not).  Likewise for cabin crew, we record a work-

related injury should our cabin crew be issued medical leave for 4 days or more (whether 

consecutive or not) for the related/same injury. 

 » Methodology: Recordable work-related injury rates were calculated based on 

1,000,000 hours worked.

 » Boundary: Number and rate of work-related fatalities reported covers for employees 

and workers who are non-employees (scope to key contractors only) follow the same 

boundary as Man-hours Worked.

•	 Recordable high consequence work-related injury definition: A work-related injury 

that results in a fatality or in an injury from which the individual cannot, does not, or is not 

expected to recover fully to pre-injury health status within six months.

    This definition is based on GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018.

 •

Methodology: Recordable high consequence work-related injury rates were calculated 

based on 1,000,000 hours worked.

 » Boundary: Number and rate of work-related fatalities reported for employees and 

workers who are non-employees (scope to key contractors only) follow the same 

boundary as Man-hours worked.

•	 Recordable work-related ill-health definition: A work-related ill-health (including 

diseases, illnesses and disorders) that is contracted. 

    The coverage is based on the occupational diseases under Singapore’s Workplace Safety  

    and Health Act or Work Injury Compensation Act.

 » Methodology: Recordable high consequence work-related injury rates were calculated 

based on 1,000,000 hours worked.

 » Boundary: Number and rate of work-related fatalities reported for employees and 

workers who are non-employees (scope to key contractors only) follow the same 

boundary as Man-hours worked.

Work-related 

Injury Type

Work-related injury types definition: Incident types reported include the following main 

categories: caught in/between objects; cut/stabbed by objects; exposure to electric current; 

exposure to extreme temperatures; over-exertion/strenuous movements; slips, trips and falls; 

strike against objects; struck by falling objects; struck by moving objects etc.

This is based on Singapore’s Ministry of Manpower major and minor injury incident types.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

144

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


DEFINITIONS AND METHODOLOGIES (CONTINUED)



ENVIRONMENT

CUSTOMERS

Customer 

privacy

Customer privacy definition: Right of the customer to privacy and personal refuge. 

Customer privacy includes matters such as the protection of data; the use of information 

or data for their original intended purpose only, unless specifically agreed otherwise; the 

obligation to observe confidentiality; and the protection of information or data from misuse 

or theft. 

Breach of 

customer 

privacy

Breach of customer privacy definition: Non-compliance with existing legal regulations and 

(voluntary) standards regarding the protection of customer privacy.

Boundary: Cases of customer privacy breaches which resulted in mandatory notification to 

the Personal Data Protection Commission Singapore covers SIA, SilkAir and Scoot’s global 

operations. 

SUPPLIERS

Suppliers

Suppliers definition: Refers to an organisation or person that provides a product or service 

used by SIA’s operations and is characterised by a direct or indirect commercial relationship 

with SIA. 

Supplier categories: SIA’s suppliers can be broadly classified into six main categories

 •

Aviation fuel 

 •

Aviation maintenance and materials

 •

In-flight catering

 •

Technology systems

 •

Ground handling

 •

Aircraft fleet and engines

Number of suppliers and expenditure for suppliers’ services boundary: Covers SIA’s, 

SilkAir’s and Scoot’s suppliers globally. 

Boundaries:

•	 Total supplier expenditure includes expenditure by SIA, SilkAir and Scoot’s head offices 

and overseas stations.

•	 Total number of suppliers includes suppliers engaged by SIA, SilkAir and Scoot’s head 

offices and overseas stations.

Supplier Code 

of Conduct

Supplier Code of Conduct boundary: All suppliers are required to adhere to SIA’s Supplier 

Code of Conduct which is part of our contracts with suppliers. 

Energy 

Consumption

Energy consumption definitions and boundaries: 

•	 Electricity consumption: Total electricity consumed within the organisation, expressed 

in watt-hours, joules or multiples. Unless otherwise stated, this relates to the purchased 

electricity consumption of SIA’s four properties – Airline House (ALH), SIA Training Centre 

(STC), TechSQ (TSQ), SIA Supplies Centre (SSC) and offices.

•	 Fuel consumption: Total fuel consumed within the organisation, expressed in American 

gallons (AG), joules or multiples. Unless otherwise stated, this relates to jet fuel 

consumption of SIA Group’s passenger and freighter fleet; diesel/petrol consumption of 

ground support vehicles and equipment for SIA’s operations in Singapore.

•	 Renewable energy consumption: Total renewable energy from SIA’s solar photovoltaic 

systems consumed within the organisation expressed in watt-hours, joules or multiples. 

Includes solar energy generation at SIA’s Airline House, SIA Training Centre, and TechSQ.

Conversion factors:

Emission 

Source 

Conversion Factors 

Unit 

Conversion 

Numbers  

Electricity 

Conversion to energy units 

kWh to TJ 

0.0000036

Diesel

Fuel density for gas/diesel oil

kg/litre 

0.84 

Net calorific value for gas/diesel oil

GJ/tonne 

43.0 

Petrol 

Fuel density for motor gasoline 

kg/litre 

0.74

Net calorific value for motor gasoline

GJ/tonne 

44.3 

Jet 

Kerosene  

Fuel density for jet kerosene 

kg/litre 

0.79 

Net calorific value for jet kerosene

GJ/tonne 

44.1 

Above values relating to diesel, petrol and jet kerosene were derived from 2006 IPCC 

Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

145

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


DEFINITIONS AND METHODOLOGIES (CONTINUED)



ENVIRONMENT (CONTINUED)

Greenhouse 

Gas (GHG) 

Emissions

GHG definition and boundary: GHG emissions refer to gas that contributes to the 

greenhouse effect by absorbing infrared radiation. 

The GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard is adopted. SIA accounts 

for GHG emissions using the operational control criteria and reports its direct (Scope 1) and 

electricity indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions. 

•	 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions: Direct GHG emissions occur from sources that are 

owned or controlled by SIA, expressed in kilograms of carbon dioxide (kgCO2) or 

multiples. These include emissions from combustion in owned or controlled vehicles 

aforementioned for SIA’s operations in Singapore. Emission factors used are as follows:

Emission 

Source 

Conversion Factors 

Unit 

Conversion 

Numbers  

Diesel

CO2 Emission Factor 

kg CO2/GJ

74.1

CH4 Emission Factor 

kg CH4/GJ

0.0039

Global Warming Potential for CH4 

-

28

N2O Emission Factor 

kg N2O/GJ

0.0039

Global Warming Potential for N2O 

-

265

Petrol 

CO2 Emission Factor 

kg CO2/GJ

69.3

CH4 Emission Factor 

kg CH4/GJ

0.0038

Global Warming Potential for CH4 

-

28

N2O Emission Factor 

kg N2O/GJ

0.0057 

Global Warming Potential for N2O

-

265

Jet 

Kerosene  

CO2 Emission Factor 

tonnes CO2/tonnes 

of jet fuel   

3.15

For diesel and petrol, CO2, methane (CH4) and nitrous oxide (N2O) were included in the 

GHG calculation. Default emissions factors were sourced from the 2006 IPCC Guidelines 

for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories while the global warming potential (GWP) values 

were sourced from the 2014 IPCC Fifth Assessment Report (AR5).

For jet fuel, CO2 was included in the GHG calculation. Direct GHG emissions were 

calculated using the net calorific value and default emissions factor from the 2006 IPCC 

Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories. The emissions factor of 3.15 tonnes 

CO2/tonne of jet fuel is also the internationally recognised constant representing the 

amount of CO2 produced from combustion of a tonne of aviation fuel.

Greenhouse 

Gas (GHG) 

Emissions 

(continued)

Electricity indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions: Indirect GHG emissions from the 

generation of purchased electricity consumed by SIA’s properties (total gross floor area) 

and offices (total leased area) aforementioned, expressed in kilograms of carbon dioxide 

(kgCO2) or multiples. It excludes purchased electricity at Scoot’s offices due to data 

unavailability at this time. These emissions physically occur at the facilities where electricity 

is generated. 

A location-based method is adopted to reflect the average emissions intensity of the 

national grid on which energy consumption occurs. For consistency, the grid emission 

factor (GEF) used for the reporting year is sourced from the latest published factor at time 

of publication, sourced from the Singapore Energy Statistics (SES), the Energy Market 

Authority’s (EMA) annual publication on energy statistics in Singapore.

Emission factors were sourced from Energy Market Authority’s (EMA) Grid Emission 

Factor (GEF) annual publication on energy statistics in Singapore, last updated on 29 

October 2020. SIA adopted the Average Operating Margin (OM) figures which measures 

Singapore’s system-wide emissions factor. 

Emission 

Source 

SIA’s reporting 

year

Emission 

factor

Unit 

References

Electricity 

generation 

(Singapore 

grid)

FY2020/21

0.4085

kgCO2/kWh

EMA, Singapore GEF 2019

FY2019/20

0.4188

kgCO2/kWh

EMA, Singapore GEF 2018

FY2018/19

0.4192

kgCO2/kWh

EMA, Singapore GEF 2017

FY2017/18

0.4237

kgCO2/kWh

EMA, Singapore GEF 2016

FY2016/17

0.4224

kgCO2/kWh

EMA, Singapore GEF 2015

FY2015/16

0.4277

kgCO2/kWh

EMA, Singapore GEF 2014

•	 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions: Other indirect GHG emissions that are a 

consequence of SIA’s activities, but occur from sources that are not owned or controlled 

by SIA. This is presently not reported – SIA will be identifying and may be reporting on its 

indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions in future reporting periods.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

146

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


Intensity 

Ratios

Intensity ratios definition: Intensity ratios define resource consumption or emissions in the context of a specific metric.

•	 Flight operations intensity ratio methodology: Fuel productivity is expressed in load tonne-kilometre per American gallon (LTK/AG). Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions intensity is expressed in kilograms of carbon 

dioxide per load tonne-kilometre (kgCO2/LTK) or multiples. The organisation-specific metric (the denominator) used was load tonne-kilometre. 

•	 Buildings and offices intensity ratio methodology: Electricity intensity is expressed in kilowatt-hours per square metre (kWh/m2) or multiples. Electricity indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions intensity is expressed 

in kilograms of carbon dioxide per square metre (kgCO2/ m2) or multiples. Water intensity is expressed in cubic metres per square metres (m3/m2). The organisation-specific metric (the denominator) used was the 

total floor area by which SIA has operational control over. 

Water and 

Effluents

Definition of water withdrawn: Total water drawn for the organisation’s use, expressed in cubic metre (m3) or multiples. All water withdrawn by SIA is water drawn from the Public Utilities Board (PUB), a third-party 

water provider in Singapore. Water provided by PUB is considered freshwater as Singapore’s quality of drinking water is regulated by the Environmental Public Health (EPH) (Water Suitable for Drinking) (No.2) 

Regulations 2019 which follows the World Health Organisation (WHO) Guidelines for Drinking-water Quality (≤1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids). 

•	 Third-party water definition: Water drawn from a third-party. In Singapore, water is sourced from the Public Utilities Board (PUB). Data is broken down by tap water and NEWater. 

•	 Surface water definition: Water that occurs naturally on the Earth’s surface. This includes harvested rainwater.

Category

Source

Details

Boundary*

Third-party water

(1) Tap water

Singapore’s national tap water supply comprises a mix of four sources – (i) water from 

local catchment, (ii) imported water, (iii) desalinated water and (iv) NEWater* 

* During dry periods, NEWater is added to Singapore’s reservoirs to blend with raw 

water. The raw water from the reservoir is treated at the waterworks before it is supplied 

to consumers as tap water.

SIA’s four properties (ALH, STC, TSQ, SSC) and offices

•	 Includes SIAEC’s water withdrawal at Hangar 1, as data could not be 

segregated

•	 Excludes water withdrawal at Scoot’s offices due to data 

unavailability at this time

(2) NEWater

NEWater is high-grade reclaimed water produced from treated used water that is further 

purified using advanced membrane technologies and ultra-violet disinfection. As it is 

ultra-clean, it is mainly used for air-conditioning cooling purposes at SIA’s buildings. 

NEWater is delivered to SIA via a dedicated pipe network.

SIA’s property (STC)

Surface water

(3) Rainwater  

     harvested

Collection and storing of rainwater from surfaces on which rain falls. 

SIA’s property (ALH) 

 

These definitions are based on GRI 303: Water and Effluents 2018. 

Definition of effluents: Refers to treated or untreated wastewater that is discharged such as any liquid, including particles of matter and other substances in suspension in the liquid, which is the outflow from any 

trade, business or manufacture or of any works of engineering or building construction.  

This definition is based on the Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS), AWS International Water Stewardship Standard, Version 1.0, 2014 and Singapore’s Sewerage and Drainage Act (Chapter 294) 

Restatement: Water withdrawal and water intensity figures in FY2016/17, FY2017/18, FY2018/19 and FY2019/20 were corrected due to data input errors. As a result, there was an increase in water withdrawal 

reported in FY2016/17, FY2017/18, FY2018/19 and FY2019/20 and increase in water intensity figures for the corresponding years. 

DEFINITIONS AND METHODOLOGIES (CONTINUED)



ENVIRONMENT (CONTINUED)

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

147

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


ENVIRONMENT (CONTINUED)

Waste

Waste definition: Refers to anything that the holder discards, intends to discard, or is required to discard expressed in kilograms (kg) or multiples and excludes effluents. SIA does not produce any hazardous waste 

from our operations. 

This definition is based on the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and Their Disposal, 1989.

•	 Waste directed to disposal: Any operation which is not recovery, even where the operation has, as a secondary consequence, the recovery of energy. It is the end-of-life management of discarded products, 

materials, and resources in a sink or through a chemical or thermal transformation that makes these products, materials, and resources unavailable for further use. (e.g. incineration with/without energy recovery, 

landfilling)

This definition is based on the European Union (EU), Waste Framework Directive, 2008.

•	 Waste diverted from disposal: Any operation wherein products, components of products, or materials that have become waste are prepared to fulfil a purpose in place of new products, components, or 

materials that would otherwise have been used for that purpose. (e.g. reuse, recycling)

This definition is based on the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and Their Disposal, 1989.

Category

Source

Details

Boundary*

Waste directed 

to disposal 

Waste-to-energy 

(WTE) incineration 

In Singapore, licensed waste contractors transport incinerable waste to the WTE plants 

for incineration. Heat from combustion generates superheated steam in boilers, and the 

steam drives turbogenerators to produce electricity. Ferrous scrap metal contained in the 

ash is recovered and recycled. Ash is sent for disposal at the offshore Semakau Landfill.

SIA’s four properties (ALH, STC, TSQ, SSC) 

•	 Includes SIAEC’s waste disposal from Hangar 1, 2 and 3, as data 

could not be segregated 

•	 Excludes waste disposal at Scoot’s offices due to data unavailability 

•	 Excludes waste disposal from offices and cabin waste from 

passenger fleets due to data unavailability 

Waste diverted 

from disposal 

Recycling

Recycling is the reprocessing of products or components of products that have become 

waste, to make new materials. At properties, recyclables are broken down by paper, 

plastic, ferrous and glass. For cabin waste from passenger fleets, recyclables are broken 

down by glass bottles, newspapers, magazines. 

SIA’s four properties (ALH, STC, TSQ, SSC) and cabin waste from flight 

operations 

•	 Includes SIAEC’s waste diverted from disposal from Hangar 1, 2 and 

3, as data could not be segregated 

•	 Excludes waste diverted from disposal at Scoot’s offices due to data 

unavailability

•	 Data on recycled waste for properties only available starting 

FY2019/20 

•	 Data on recycled waste for flight operations were only available 

from FY2017/18 

 

Restatement: Waste generated, waste diverted from disposal and waste directed to disposal for STC, TSQ and SSC in FY2016/17, FY2017/18, FY2018/19 and FY2019/20 were corrected due to data input errors. 

However, there was no impact on the total waste generated, waste diverted from disposal and waste directed to disposal reported.

DEFINITIONS AND METHODOLOGIES (CONTINUED)



Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

148

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


All supplementary sustainability data are to be read with the definitions and methodologies segment on pages 141 to 148. 







SUPPLEMENTARY SUSTAINABILITY DATA  

Completion of Anti-corruption Training, by Employee Type and Region82 205-2  

GOVERNANCE

82 

Number of employees completing anti-corruption training covers SIA and SilkAir’s operations. Due to the fact that Scoot’s anti-corruption training program only started in April 2021, Scoot’s data was excluded from the reporting scope, but will be included in next year’s report. Please refer to the Appendix for definitions, 

methodologies, and boundary.

83 

Management refers to those who are holding managerial positions and above, and management pilots.

FY2018/19

Non-management 

Management83

Total

Total employees required to complete, by employee type

5,345

412

5,757

Total employees completed, by employee type and region

5,075 (95.0%)

393 (95.4%)

5,468 (95.0%)

Singapore (Head Office) 

2,828

317

3,145

The Americas 

116

8

124

Europe 

400

21

421

North Asia 

555

12

567

South East Asia 

545

16

561

South West Pacific 

373

12

385

West Asia and Africa 

258

7

265

FY2020/21

Non-management 

Management83

Total

Total employees required to complete, by employee type

4,897

440

5,337

Total employees completed, by employee type and region

4,778 (97.6%)

435 (98.9%)

5,213 (97.7%)

Singapore (Head Office) 

2,203

336

2,539

The Americas 

124

13

137

Europe 

458

29

487

North Asia 

597

13

610

South East Asia 

699

20

719

South West Pacific 

332

15

347

West Asia and Africa 

365

9

374

FY2019/20

Non-management 

Management83

Total

Total employees required to complete,  by employee type

5,046

448

5,494

Total employees completed, by employee type and region

4,835 (95.8%)

428 (95.5%)

5,263 (95.8%)

Singapore (Head Office) 

2,608

347

2,955

The Americas 

144

10

154

Europe 

429

28

457

North Asia 

583

13

596

South East Asia 

474

10

484

South West Pacific 

347

11

358

West Asia and Africa 

250

9

259

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

149

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


SUPPLEMENTARY SUSTAINABILITY DATA (CONTINUED)



Employee Profile 102-8

405-1

EMPLOYEES84

84 

 Employee profile breakdown reported covers SIA and SilkAir’s operations for FY2018/19, and SIA, SilkAir and Scoot’s operations for FY2019/20 and FY2020/21. Excludes Singapore Airlines staff seconded to other companies but includes staff seconded to Singapore Airlines. Due to rounding, percentages presented may not add 

up precisely to the absolute totals indicated. Prior year’s total employee figures in FY2018/19 and FY2019/20 were restated after aligning data compilation methodologies of SIA Engineering Company and Scoot. Please refer to the Appendix for definitions, methodologies, boundary, and reasons for and effect of restatements.

Total Employees

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Employees in the SIA Group

Employees in the SIA Group

27,140

28,707

23,603

Employees, by Subsidiary

Singapore Airlines

16,316

17,204 

14,956 

SilkAir

1,484

1,389 

608 

Scoot

2,334

2,766 

2,001 

SIA Engineering Company (SIAEC)

4,540

4,559 

4,332 

SIAEC’s Subsidiaries

2,195

2,476 

1,356 

Tradewinds Tours &amp; Travel

44

51 

46 

Cargo Community Network

76

77 

77 

Singapore Flying College

66

82 

76 

SAGI

3

3 

3 

KrisShop

82

100 

100 

Encounters

0

0

48

Employees by Gender 

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Singapore Airlines, SilkAir and Scoot Employees 

SIA, SilkAir and Scoot Employees

17,800

100.0%

21,359

100.0%

17,565

100.0%

Employees, by Gender

Male

8,518

47.9%

10,055

47.1%

8,733

49.7%

Female

9,282

52.1%

11,304

52.9%

8,832

50.3%

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

150

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


SUPPLEMENTARY SUSTAINABILITY DATA (CONTINUED)



Employee Profile (continued)

EMPLOYEES (continued)

Employees, by Employee Category and by Age Group

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Ground Staff

Total

5,820

32.7%

6,562

30.7%

5,752

32.7%

&lt;30 yo

1,276

7.2%

1,427

6.7%

998

5.7%

30-50 yo

2,949

16.6%

3,511

16.4%

3,318

18.9%

&gt;50 yo

1,595

9.0%

1,624

7.6%

1,436

8.2%

Cabin Crew

Total

9,406

52.8%

11,514

53.9%

8,880

50.6%

&lt;30 yo

4,763

26.8%

6,310

29.5%

3,717

21.2%

30-50 yo

4,031

22.6%

4,446

20.8%

4,364

24.8%

&gt;50 yo

612

3.4%

758

3.5%

799

4.5%

Pilots

Total

2,574

14.5%

3,283

15.4%

2,933

16.7%

&lt;30 yo

225

1.3%

362

1.7%

214

1.2%

30-50 yo

1,793

10.1%

2,250

10.5%

2,070

11.8%

&gt;50 yo

556

3.1%

671

3.1%

649

3.7%

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

151

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


SUPPLEMENTARY SUSTAINABILITY DATA (CONTINUED)



Employee Profile (continued)

EMPLOYEES (continued)

Employees, by Employment Type (Full-time and Part-time) and by Gender

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Full-time

Total

17,748

99.7%

21,303

99.7%

17,518

99.7%

Male

8,517

47.8%

10,051

47.1%

8,731

49.7%

Female

9,231

51.9%

11,252

52.7%

8,787

50.0%

Part-time

Total

52

0.29%

56

0.26%

47

0.27%

Male

1

0.01%

4

0.02%

2

0.01%

Female

51

0.29%

52

0.24%

45

0.26%

Employees, by Employment Type (Permanent and Contract) and by Gender

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Permanent

Total

9,456

53.1%

10,423

48.8%

10,581

60.2%

Male

6,199

34.8%

6,845

32.0%

6,628

37.7%

Female

3,257

18.3%

3,578

16.8%

3,953

22.5%

Temporary

Total

8,344

46.9%

10,936

51.2%

6,984

39.8%

Male

2,319

13.0%

3,210

15.0%

2,105

12.0%

Female

6,025

33.8%

7,726

36.2%

4,879

27.8%

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

152

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


SUPPLEMENTARY SUSTAINABILITY DATA (CONTINUED)



Employee Profile (continued)

EMPLOYEES (continued)

Employees, by Employment Type (Permanent and Contract) and by Region

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Permanent

Total

9,456

53.1%

10,423

48.8%

10,581

60.2%

Singapore

6,743

37.9%

7,514

35.2%

7,478

42.6%

The Americas

156

0.88%

172

0.81%

142

0.81%

Europe

495

2.8%

544

2.5%

438

2.5%

North Asia

649

3.6%

675

3.2%

815

4.6%

South East Asia

635

3.6%

702

3.3%

1,030

5.9%

South West Pacific

403

2.3%

416

1.9%

330

1.9%

West Asia and Africa

375

2.1%

400

1.9%

348

2.0%

Contract  

Total

8,344

46.9%

10,936

51.2%

6,984

39.8%

Singapore

8,297

46.6%

9,852

46.1%

6,951

39.6%

The Americas

3

0.02%

18

0.08%

2

0.01%

Europe

19

0.11%

38

0.18%

17

0.10%

North Asia

11

0.06%

389

1.82%

7

0.04%

South East Asia

2

0.01%

592

2.77%

1

0.01%

South West Pacific

1

0.01%

12

0.06%

1

0.01%

West Asia and Africa

11

0.06%

35

0.16%

5

0.03%

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

153

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


SUPPLEMENTARY SUSTAINABILITY DATA (CONTINUED)



New Hires 401-1

EMPLOYEES (continued)

New Hires

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

New Hires (Total)

Total

2,396

100.0%

2,723

100.0%

136

100.0%

New Hires, by Gender

Male

913

38.1%

1,095

40.2%

75

42.6%

Female

1,483

61.9%

1,628

59.8%

61

0.81%

New Hires, by Age Group

&lt;30 yo

2,035

84.9%

2,107

77.4%

72

52.9%

30-50 yo

345

14.4%

576

21.2%

58

42.6%

&gt;50 yo

16

0.67%

40

1.5%

6

4.4%

New Hires, by Region

Singapore

2,124

88.6%

2,179

80.0%

110

80.9%

The Americas

45

1.9%

33

1.2%

3

2.2%

Europe

45

1.9%

48

1.8%

4

2.9%

North Asia

59

2.5%

122

4.5%

2

1.5%

South East Asia

57

2.4%

218

8.0%

13

9.6%

South West Pacific

41

1.7%

79

2.9%

1

0.74%

West Asia and Africa

25

1.0%

44

1.6%

3

2.2%

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

154

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


Turnover 401-1

EMPLOYEES (continued)

Turnover

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Turnover (Total)

Total

1,717

100.0%

1,377

100.0%

1,154

100.0%

Turnover, by Gender

Male

614

35.8%

409

29.7%

388

33.6%

Female

1,103

64.2%

968

70.3%

766

66.4%

Turnover, by Age Group

&lt;30 yo

766

44.6%

860

62.5%

660

57.2%

30-50 yo

686

40.0%

475

34.5%

448

38.8%

&gt;50 yo

265

15.4%

42

3.1%

46

4.0%

Turnover, by Region

Singapore

1,403

81.7%

993

72.1%

1,043

90.4%

The Americas

37

2.2%

18

1.3%

10

0.87%

Europe

62

3.6%

37

2.7%

23

2.0%

North Asia

72

4.2%

138

10.0%

31

2.7%

South East Asia

58

3.4%

126

9.2%

21

1.8%

South West Pacific

56

3.3%

39

2.8%

22

1.9%

West Asia and Africa

29

1.7%

26

1.9%

4

0.35%

SUPPLEMENTARY SUSTAINABILITY DATA (CONTINUED)



Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

155

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


Parental Leave Statistics85 401-3

Average Training Days, by Employee Category86 404-1

EMPLOYEES (continued)

Parental Leave Statistics 

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Male

Female

Total

Male

Female

Total

Male

Female

Total

Employees who were entitled to parental leave 

2,380 

1,389 

3,769

2,913

2,420

5,333 

2,876 

2,281

5,157 

Employees who took parental leave 

1,530 

1,124 

2,654 

1,903 

1,236 

3,139 

1,295 

1,075 

2,370 

Employees who returned to work after parental leave ended 

1,334

1,102 

2,436 

1,895 

1,018 

2,913 

1,285 

856 

2,141 

Employees who returned to work after parental leave ended and who were still 

employed 12 months after returning to work 

1,284

1,072 

2,356 

1,839 

975

2,814 

1,232 

799 

2,031 

Retention rate of employees who took parental leave 

83.9%

95.4% 

88.8% 

96.6% 

78.9% 

89.6% 

95.1% 

74.3% 

85.7%

Return to work rate of employees who took parental leave 

87.2% 

98.0% 

91.8%

99.6%

82.4% 

92.8% 

99.2% 

79.6% 

90.3%

SUPPLEMENTARY SUSTAINABILITY DATA (CONTINUED)



85 

 Return to work rate and retention rate covers SIA and SilkAir’s operations for FY2018/19, and SIA, SilkAir and Scoot’s operations for FY2019/20 and FY2020/21. Please refer to the Appendix for definitions, methodologies, and boundary. 

86 

Average training days reported covers SIA and SilkAir’s operations for FY2018/19, and SIA, SilkAir and Scoot’s operations for FY2019/20 and FY2020/21. Please refer to the Appendix for definitions, methodologies, and boundary.

Average Training Days

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Ground Staff

4

4

6

Cabin Crew

16 

13 

10 

Pilots

7 

6 

5 

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

156

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


SAFETY

SUPPLEMENTARY SUSTAINABILITY DATA (CONTINUED)



87 

 Employee man-hours worked and workplace injuries data reported covers SIA and SilkAir’s operations for FY2018/19, and SIA, SilkAir and Scoot’s operations for FY2019/20 and FY2020/21. Please refer to the Appendix for definitions, methodologies, and boundary. 

88 

Workers man-hours worked and workplace injuries data reported covers SIA and SilkAir’s operations for FY2018/19, FY2019/20 and FY2020/21. We are working to gather data for Scoot in the coming years. Please refer to the Appendix for definitions, methodologies, and boundary.

Work-related Injuries 403-9

Work-related Injuries, Employees87

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Estimated number of man-hours worked (hours) 

18,843,922

22,856,786

11,768,518

Number (and rate) of fatalities as a result of work-related injuries

0

0

0

Number (and rate) of high-consequence work-related injuries 

0

0

0

Number (and rate) of recordable work-related injuries

212

(11.3)

606

(26.5)

51

(4.3)

Main types of work-related injuries

•	 Slip, trips and falls 

•	 Struck by falling objects such as cabin baggage

Work-related Injuries, Workers who are non-Employees88

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Scope of workers who are non-employees

Key contractors only (cleaners, maintenance, landscaping, warehouse operations)

Estimated number of man-hours worked (hours) 

1,213,404

1,294,689 

1,421,863 

Number (and rate) of fatalities as a result of work-related injuries

0

0

0

Number (and rate) of high-consequence work-related injuries 

0

0

0

Number (and rate) of recordable work-related injuries

0

2

(1.5)

0

Main types of work-related injuries

Nil

Slip, trips and falls 

0

•	 Over-exertion and strenuous movements

•	 Exposure to extreme temperatures such as scalds

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

157

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


89 

Employee ill-health data reported covers SIA and SilkAir’s operations for FY2018/19, and SIA, SilkAir and Scoot’s operations for FY2019/20 and FY2020/21. Please refer to the Appendix for definitions, methodologies, and boundary. 

90 

Workers ill-health data reported covers SIA and SilkAir’s operations for FY2018/19, FY2019/20 and FY2020/21. We are working to gather data for Scoot in the coming years. Please refer to the Appendix for definitions, methodologies, and boundary.

SAFETY

SUPPLEMENTARY SUSTAINABILITY DATA (CONTINUED)



Work-related Ill-health 403-10

Work-related Ill-health, Employees89

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Number of fatalities as a result of work-related ill-health

0

0

0

Number of recordable work-related ill-health

13

0

21

Main types of work-related ill-health

Noise-induced deafness

Nil

Noise-induced deafness

Work-related Injuries, Workers who are non-Employees90

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Scope of workers who are non-employees

Key contractors only (cleaners, maintenance, landscaping, warehouse operations)

Number of fatalities as a result of work-related ill-health

0

0

0

Number of recordable work-related ill-health

0

0

0

Main types of work-related ill-health

Nil

Nil

Nil

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

158

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


SUPPLEMENTARY SUSTAINABILITY DATA (CONTINUED)



Energy and Emissions 302-1

302-3

305-1

305-2

305-4

ENVIRONMENT (continued)

Operating Statistics 

FY2016/17

FY2017/18

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

SIA Group 

Passengers Carried (thousand)

31,599

33,659

36,095

35,800

596

Revenue Pax-km (million)

122,135.6

129,798.3

140,838.1

140,998.5

2890.6

Available Seat-km (million)

154,541.4

159,381.0

169,606.6

171,211.2

21,721.2

Singapore Airlines (Passenger Fleet)

Passengers Carried (thousand)

18,990

19,505

20,738

20,906

457

Revenue Pax-km (million)

92,913.8

95,855.0

102,571.9

104,134.6

2,581.6

Available Seat-km (million)

117,662.3

118,126.7

123,486.2

127,165.8

19,253.7

Singapore Airlines (Freighter Fleet)

Cargo and Mail Carried (million kg)

1,248.1

1,301.2

1,298.3

1,205

734

Cargo Load (million tonne-km)

6,895.8

7,260.3

7,006.5

6,389.2

4,111.9

Gross Capacity (million tonne-km)

10,912.3

11,126.7

11,210.4

10,778.2

4,795.1

SilkAir

Passengers Carried (thousand)

4,106

4,687

4,902

4,440

57

Revenue Pax-km (million)

7,138.0

8,343.5

8,940.3

8,195.4

87.4

Available Seat-km (million)

10,086.3

11,365.9

11,731.8

10,599.6

239.3

Scoot91

Passengers Carried (thousand)

8,503

9,467

10,455

10,454

82

Revenue Pax-km (million)

22,083.8

25,599.8

29,325.9

28,668.5

221.6

Available Seat-km (million)

26,792.8

29,888.4

34,388.6

33,445.8

2228.2

91 

Energy and emissions data for Scoot is available from FY2018/19 due to the merger of Tigerair under the Scoot brand in July 2017.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

159

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


SUPPLEMENTARY SUSTAINABILITY DATA (CONTINUED)



ENVIRONMENT (continued)

Energy and Emissions (continued)

Flight Operations

FY2016/17

FY2017/18

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

SIA Group 

Fuel Consumption (million AG)

1,491.9

1,501.8

1,748.4

1728.6

419.7

Fuel Consumption (TJ)

219,884.1

223,877.9

230,836.5

228,215.1

55,410.5

Fuel Productivity (LTK/AG)

10.61

10.98

11.37

11.13

10.44

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions (‘000 tonnes CO2)

14,069.1

14,162.8

16,488.3

16,301.1

3,957.9

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions Intensity (kgCO2/LTK)

0.89

0.86

0.83

0.85

0.90

Singapore Airlines (Passenger Fleet)

Fuel Consumption (million AG)

1,288.1

1,296.1

1,332.7

1334.3

290.5

Fuel Productivity (LTK/AG)

10.18

10.59

10.74

10.57

8.30

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions (‘000 tonnes CO2)

12,146.8

12,222.9

12,567.6

12,582.6

2,739.6

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions Intensity (kgCO2/LTK)

0.93

0.89

0.88

0.89

1.14

Singapore Airlines (Freighter Fleet) 

Fuel Consumption (million AG)

118.9

110.8

99.1

92.8

108.6

Fuel Productivity (LTK/AG)

17.00

17.68

17.25

16.15

16.70

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions (‘000 tonnes CO2)

1120.8

1044.7

934.3

874.7

1023.9

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions Intensity (kgCO2/LTK)

0.55

0.53

0.55

0.58

0.56

SilkAir 

Fuel Consumption (million AG)

85.0

94.9

95.6

87.4

2.0

Fuel Productivity (LTK/AG)

8.15

8.48

8.99

8.86

5.09

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions (‘000 tonnes CO2)

801.5

895.2

901.7

824.2

18.8

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions Intensity (kgCO2/LTK)

1.16

1.11

1.05

1.05

1.85

Scoot

Fuel Consumption (million AG)

-

-

221.1

214.2

18.6

Fuel Productivity (LTK/AG)

-

-

13.62

13.18

7.86

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions (‘000 tonnes CO2)

-

-

2,084.8

2019.6

175.7

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions Intensity (kgCO2/LTK)

-

-

0.69

0.72

1.20

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

160

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


SUPPLEMENTARY SUSTAINABILITY DATA (CONTINUED)



ENVIRONMENT (continued)

Energy and Emissions (continued)

Buildings, Offices and Ground Operations

FY2016/17

FY2017/18

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Buildings and Offices (Electricity)

Electricity Consumption (GWh) 

28.3

27.8

28.1

27.9

20.8

Electrical Energy Consumption (TJ)

102

100

101

100

75

Renewable Energy Consumption (GWh)92

-

-

-

-

1.97

Renewable Energy Consumption (TJ)

-

-

-

-

7.09

Electricity Intensity (kWh/m2)

121.95

119.90

121.36

120.34

98.1

Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions (tonnes CO2)

11,945

11,781

11,798

11,687

8,484

Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions Intensity (tonnesCO2/m2) 

0.052

0.051

0.051

0.050

0.037

Ground Operations (Diesel)

Diesel Consumption (litres)

4,991

2,533

5,216

10,014

10,152

Diesel Consumption (TJ)

0.18

0.09

0.19

0.36

0.37

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions From Diesel (tonnes CO2e) 

14

7

14

27

28

Ground Operations (Petrol)

Petrol Consumption (litres)

14,036

18,411

22,142

20,870

12,740

Petrol Consumption (TJ)

0.46

0.60

0.73

0.68

0.42

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions From Petrol (tonnes CO2e)

33

43

51

49

30

92 

Includes solar energy consumption at SIA’s Airline House, SIA Training Centre and TechSQ.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

161

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


ENVIRONMENT (continued)

Energy and Emissions (continued)

Water 303-3

SUPPLEMENTARY SUSTAINABILITY DATA (CONTINUED)



Summary of Energy and Emissions Performance

FY2016/17

FY2017/18

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Total Energy Consumption within SIA

Energy Consumption from Flight Operations (TJ) 

219,884

223,878

230,836

228,215

55,410

Energy Consumption from Buildings and Offices (TJ)  

 102 

 100 

101

 100

82

Energy Consumption from Ground Operations (TJ)

 0.64 

 0.70 

0.91

 1.05 

0.78

Total Energy Consumption within SIA (TJ)

219,987

223,979

230,939

228,317

55,493

Total Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions From Flight Operations (tonnes CO2) 

14,069,120

14,162,780

16,488,320

16,301,080

3,957,889

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions From Ground Operations (tonnes CO2e)  

46

50

66

76

57

Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions From Properties and Offices (tonnes CO2e)  

11,945

11,781

11,798

11,687

8,484

Total Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions (tonnes CO2e)

14,069,166

14,162,830

16,488,386

16,301,156

3,957,947

Total Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions (tonnes CO2e)

11,945

11,781

11,798

11,687

8,484

Total Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions (tonnes CO2e)

14,081,112

14,174,610

16,500,183

16,312,843

3,966,431

Summary of Water Performance at our Buildings and Offices

FY2016/17

FY2017/18

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Water Withdrawal, by Source93

Tap Water (m3)

158,541 

143,104 

156,837 

160,708 

105,459

Rainwater (m3)

14,621 

18,799 

16,349 

15,689 

23,238

NEWater (m3)

15,111 

21,027 

19,779 

20,859 

19,267

Total Water Withdrawal (m3)

188,273 

182,930 

192,965 

197,256 

147,964

Water Intensity 

Water Intensity (m3/m2)

0.75

0.73

0.77

0.79

0.59

93 

Water withdrawal and water intensity values for FY2016/17, FY2017/18, FY2018/19 and FY2019/20 were corrected to ensure the accuracy of values reported. Please refer to the Appendix for definitions, methodologies and reasons for and effect of restatements.

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

162

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


Summary of Waste Generated, Diverted and Disposed of at our Buildings94

FY2016/17

FY2017/18

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Total Waste Generated (tonnes), Non-hazardous Waste

Airline House and Hangars 1, 2, 3

2,819

2,474

2,067

1,093

785

SIA Supplies Centre

235

240

251

196

21 

SIA Training Centre

59

49

54

50

57

TechSQ

228

216

215

116

17

Total Waste Generated (tonnes)

3,341

2,979

2,587

1,455

880

Total Waste Diverted from Disposal (tonnes), Non-hazardous Waste – Recycling 

Airline House and Hangars 1, 2, 3

-

-

-

70.4

66.1

SIA Supplies Centre

-

-

-

5.4

0.5

SIA Training Centre

-

-

-

0.6

1.4

TechSQ

-

-

-

0.5

0.4

Total Waste Diverted From Disposal (tonnes)

-

-

-

76.9

68.4

Total Waste Directed to Disposal (tonnes), Non-hazardous Waste – Waste-to-Energy (WTE) Incineration 

Airline House and Hangars 1, 2, 3

-

-

-

1,023

719

SIA Supplies Centre

-

-

-

191

21

SIA Training Centre

-

-

-

49

55

TechSQ

-

-

-

115

16

Total Waste Diverted From Disposal (tonnes)

-

-

-

1,378

811

94 

Waste generated, waste diverted from disposal and waste directed to disposal for SIA Suppliers Centre, SIA Training Centre and TechSQ in FY2016/17, FY2017/18, FY2018/19 and FY2019/20 were corrected to ensure the accuracy of the values reported. Please refer to the Appendix for definitions, methodologies and reasons for 

and effect of restatements.

Summary of Waste Diverted from Disposal at our Flight Operations 

FY2016/17

FY2017/18

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Total Waste Diverted from Disposal (tonnes), Non-hazardous Waste – Recycling 

Newspapers 

-

326

239

121

0

Magazines 

-

270

268

267

38

Total Waste Diverted From Disposal (tonnes)

-

596

508

388

38

SUPPLEMENTARY SUSTAINABILITY DATA (CONTINUED)



ENVIRONMENT (continued)

Waste 306-3

306-4

306-5

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

163

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


The GRI Content Index has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option. It summarises the GRI Standards Disclosures we have selected for reporting and directs readers to the 

appropriate references in this Sustainability Report and other publicly available resources published by SIA. The full GRI Standards is available on the GRI website. All identified omissions and reasons for 

omissions are detailed in the Definitions and Methodologies segment.

References:

AR: SIA Annual Report FY2020/21        SR: SIA Sustainability Report FY2020/21







GRI CONTENT INDEX 102-55  

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference(s) 

Organisational profile

102-1

Name of the organisation

Singapore Airlines Limited

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

SR: 5-9 

102-3

Location of headquarters

SR: Back Cover

102-4

Location of operations

SR: 6

102-5

Ownership and legal form

AR: 122, 153, 218-219 

102-6

Markets served

SR: 6

102-7

Scale of the organisation

SR: 6, 8, 29, 96 AR: 111-121, 140-144

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

SR: 31-36, 150-153 

102-9

Supply chain

SR: 85

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain

SR: 7,11 AR: 8-16, 114-119 

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

SR: 113 AR: 70-71, 84-87 

102-12

External initiatives

SR: 3, 16

102-13

Membership of associations

SR: 5 

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

SR: 1, 14

Ethics and integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour

SR: 5, 24

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics

SR: 27

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

SR: 14, 22, 51 AR: 75-77 

102-19

Delegating authority

SR: 14 

102-20

Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, 

and social topics

SR: 14

102-22

Composition of the highest governance body and its 

committee

SR: 20 AR: 72-77, 90-95  

102-23

Chair of the highest governance body

SR: 20 AR: 73-74 

102-24

Nominating and selecting the highest governance body

AR: 75-76 

102-25

Conflicts of interest

AR: 74 

GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference(s) 

Governance (continued)

102-26

Role of the highest governance body in setting purpose, 

values, and strategy

SR: 20, 14 AR: 72, 75-77 

102-30

Effectiveness of risk management processes

SR: 22 AR: 84-87

102-31

Review of economic, environmental, and social topics

SR: 14

102-32

Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting

SR: 14

102-33

Communicating critical concerns

AR: 88-89 

102-35

Remuneration policies

AR: 77-84 

102-36

Process for determining remuneration

AR: 77-84

Stakeholder engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

SR: 16

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

SR: 42

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

SR: 15

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

SR: 11-13, 19, 37, 50, 68, 84, 93, 101, 110

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

SR: 11-13, 16

Reporting practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial 

SR: 4 AR: 91-95 

102-46

Defining report content and topic Boundaries

SR: 15

102-47

List of material topics

SR: 16

102-48

Restatement of information

SR: 141-148

102-49

Changes in reporting

SR: 141-148

102-50

Reporting period

SR: 4

102-51

Date of most recent report

SR: 4

102-52

Reporting cycle

SR: 4

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

SR: Back Cover

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

SR: 3

102-55

GRI content index

SR: 164-166

102-56

External assurance

SR: 4

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

164

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


GRI CONTENT INDEX (CONTINUED)



TOPIC-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES (continued)

GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference(s) 

 

GRI 103 (2016): Management approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

SR: 19-27

103-2

The management approach and its components

SR: 19-27

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

SR: 19-27

GRI 205 (2016): Anti-corruption

205-2

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies 

and procedures

SR: 25-26, 149

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

SR: 25

GRI 307 (2016): Environmental compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations

SR: 27

GRI 416 (2016): Customer health and safety

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and 

safety impacts of products and services

SR: 27

 

GRI 103 (2016): Management approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

SR: 28-49

103-2

The management approach and its components

SR: 28-49

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

SR: 28-49

GRI 202 (2016): Market presence

202-2

Proportion of senior management hired from the local 

communit

SR: 29

GRI 401 (2016): Employment

401-1

New employee hires and employee turnover

SR: 30, 35-36, 154-155 

401-2

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not 

provided to temporary or part-time employees

SR: 43

401-3

Parental leave

SR: 43-44, 156

GRI 402 (2016): Labor/Management Relations

402-1

Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes

SR: 43

GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference(s) 

GRI 404 (2016): Training and education

404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

SR: 45, 156

404-2

Programmes for upgrading employee skills and transition 

assistance programmes

SR: 43, 45-49

GRI 405 (2016): Diversity and equal opportunity

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

SR: 31-36 AR: 90-95

 

 

GRI 103 (2016): Management approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

SR: 50-67

103-2

The management approach and its components

SR: 50-67

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

SR: 50-67

GRI 403 (2018): Occupational health and safety

403-1

Occupational health and safety management systems

SR: 52

403-2

Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident 

investigation

SR: 61-63

403-3

Occupational health services

SR: 61-62, 64

403-4

Worker participation, consultation, and communication on 

occupational health and safety

SR: 51, 60-62, 66-67

403-5

Worker training on occupational health and safety

SR: 55-58, 60-63

403-6

Promotion of worker health

SR: 43, 62

403-7

Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety 

impacts directly linked by business relationships

SR: 51,55-58, 60-63

403-8

Workers covered by an occupational health and safety 

management system

SR: 52-54

403-9

Work-related injuries

SR: 64, 157

403-10

Work-related ill-health

SR: 65, 158

GRI 416 (2016): Customer health and safety

416-1

Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and 

service categories

SR: 52

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and 

safety impacts of products and services

SR: 27,59

Material topic: Governance 

Material topic: Safety 

Material topic: Employees 

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

165

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX


GRI CONTENT INDEX (CONTINUED)



TOPIC-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES (continued)

GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference(s) 

 

GRI 103 (2016): Management approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

SR: 68-82

103-2

The management approach and its components

SR: 68-82

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

SR: 68-82

GRI 418 (2016): Customer privacy

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer 

privacy and losses of customer data

SR: 82

GRI 103 (2016): Management approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

SR: 84-92

103-2

The management approach and its components

SR: 84-92

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

SR: 84-92

GRI 308 (2016): Supplier environmental assessment

308-1

New suppliers that were screened using environmental 

criteria

SR: 86-87

GRI 414 (2016): Supplier social assessment

414-1

New suppliers that were screened using social criteria

SR: 86-87

GRI 103 (2016): Management approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

SR: 93-100

103-2

The management approach and its components

SR: 93-100

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

SR: 93-100

GRI 201 (2016): Economic performance

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

SR: 96

GRI Standards Disclosures

Reference(s) 

 

GRI 103 (2016): Management approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

SR: 110-139

103-2

The management approach and its components

SR: 110-139

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

SR: 110-139

GRI 302 (2016): Energy

302-1

Energy consumption within the organisation

SR: 123,126, 159-162

302-3

Energy intensity

SR: 123,126, 159-162

302-4

Reduction of energy consumption

SR: 114-123,126

GRI 303 (2018): Water and effluents

303-1

Interactions with water as a shared resource

SR: 127

303-2

Management of water discharge-related impacts

SR: 127

303-3

Water withdrawal

SR: 128, 162

GRI 304 (2016): Biodiversity

304-3

Habitats protected or restored

SR: 136-139

GRI 305 (2016): Emissions

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

SR: 123, 159-162

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

SR: 126, 159-162

305-4

GHG emissions intensity

SR: 123, 126, 159-162

305-5

Reduction of GHG emissions

SR: 123, 126

GRI 306 (2020): Waste 

306-1

Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts

SR: 129-133

306-2

Management of significant waste-related impacts

SR: 129-133

306-3

Waste generated

SR: 134, 163

306-4

Waste diverted from disposal

SR: 134, 163

306-5

Waste directed to disposal

SR: 163

GRI 307 (2016): Environmental compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations

SR: 27

GRI 413 (2016): Local communities

413-1

Operations with local community engagement, impact 

assessments, and development programmes

SR: 102-108

Material topic: Suppliers 

Material topic: Shareholders 

Material topic: Environment 

Additional topic: Society 

Material topic: Customer 

Singapore Airlines Sustainability Report FY2020/21

166

CONNECTING LIVES

CONNECTING COMMUNITIES

INTRODUCTION

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH





CONNECTING THE FUTURE

APPENDIX




