
SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

1



Sustainability Report

FY 2020/21

STRONGER FOR

THE FUTURE


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

2

Corporate 

• Board Statement 

• Sustainability at SingPost at a Glance 

• About the Report

• About SingPost

3

3

4

5

6

Sustainability at SingPost

• Sustainability Governance

• Stakeholder Engagement

• Materiality Assessment

• POST For the Future - Sustainability framework

• Our Response to COVID-19

7

7

8

9

10

11

Operational Excellence

• Our People

• Compliance with Laws and Regulations

• Ethics, Anti-Bribery and Corruption

• Data Security and Privacy

• Business Continuity Planning

20

21

24

27

29

34

Societal Responsibility

• Responsible Supply Chain

• Customer Satisfaction

• Community Investment

37

38

41

46

Appendices

• Energy and GHG Emissions Methodology

• GRI Content Index

52

52

54

Transformational Growth

• Product and Service Innovation

48

49

Planet Positive

• Energy Consumption and Associated 

    Greenhouse Gas Emissions

15

16

Contents


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

3

Board Statement

Dear Stakeholders, 

The financial year ended 31 Mar 2021, served as a 

timely reminder that sustainability continues to be a 

focus that needs to be urgently addressed even amidst 

global changes brought about by the unprecedented 

COVID-19 pandemic.

While SingPost's postal and logistics operations 

were affected by global supply chain disruptions, the 

organisation remains proactive on business continuity 

planning and management. Our business continuity 

frameworks allowed us to establish mitigative 

measures promptly, thereby minimising the impact of 

the pandemic on our business. We continue to prioritise 

the health and safety of our stakeholders and have 

implemented management guidelines to ensure that 

all employees across our Group functions and business 

units are able to carry out their duties safely. As a result 

of these efforts, we were able to ensure the continuity 

of our operations in a safe manner.

Recognising the growing importance of Environmental, 

Social and Governance ("ESG") factors that are integral 

to the overall long term viability of the Company, 

SingPost seeks to incorporate ESG considerations 

into its strategies that provide long term benefits to 

all stakeholders. ESG strategy and execution is best 

led from the Board level, so that internal players and 

all stakeholders recognise its importance and impact 

on business practices. Toward this end, a Board 

Sustainability Committee, reporting to the Board of 

Directors, was established in February 2021 to work 

with Management in helping accelerate the Company’s 

ESG transformation and journey.  A dedicated 

Sustainability function was also established to lead and 

coordinate ESG efforts Group-wide. 

On the Environment front, we have progressed in our 

endeavours to reduce energy usage in our operations, 

having completed two phases of the retrofitting of light 

fixtures with LED lamps across all SingPost facilities 

during the financial year; we are also working to install 

solar photovoltaic systems and carrying out chiller 

upgrades and pilot tests with electric vehicles, all in a 

bid to minimise our carbon footprint and impact on the 

environment. We understand the need to evaluate our 

climate risks and opportunities, and will be working on 

scenario-planning to build on our long-term resilience 

to mitigate these risks as we move towards a low 

carbon economy.

From a governance standpoint, we continue to uphold 

the highest levels of business conduct and integrity 

across our operations. To do so, we have rolled out 

new e-learning training modules for our employees 

to increase general compliance knowledge and 

continually instil ethical behaviour in all.

SingPost continues to use our business as a force for 

good through collaborating with like-minded partners 

such as Temasek Foundation and carrying out nation-

wide community initiatives like Masks Sewn with Love, 

to help the vulnerable in our community during these 

periods of uncertainty. 

While SingPost strives to continuously improve upon 

our sustainability efforts and stay relevant in the 

evolving urban logistics and eCommerce landscape, we 

also seek to ensure business resiliency, deliver greater 

value to our stakeholders, and protect the planet for 

future generations. As we ride out the various impacts 

of COVID-19 this year, sustainabiity remains at the 

forefront of everything we do.

We thank all our stakeholders for their continued 

support and look forward to forging new partnerships 

with them as we seek to create solutions that will 

positively impact SingPost, our community and           

the planet.

102-14

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

4

Sustainability at SingPost 

at a Glance 



102-7

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Completed 

Phases 1 &amp; 2 of LED light 

retrofitting across all 

SingPost buildings

11% decrease in 

Scope 1 greenhouse gas 

(“GHG”) emissions

19% decrease in 

Scope 2 greenhouse gas 

(“GHG”) emissions

Refreshed

uniforms for frontliners

0 cases of corruption 

or unethical behaviour

0 significant fines and 

non-monetary sanctions

Launched

PostPal smart 

letterbox pilot in 

December 2020

Planet Positive

Passed 

IMDA Quality of Service (“QoS”) 

Standards from January to December 

2020

111

post office staff received the EXSA 

award, of which there were 37 Star, 15 

Gold and 59 Silver

S$168,000

raised for Community Chest through 

sale of Asia's first charity stamps

Redesigned 

operational workflows 

for our warehousing and 

fulfilment business

S$1,404.7 mil  

revenue for FY2020/21

S$79.3 mil   

profit on operating 

activities for FY2020/21

Up to 3 million    

mail items a day

17  

markets served in 

FY2020/21

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

5

About the Report

SingPost’s fourth Sustainability Report outlines our commitment 

towards sustainability by highlighting how it has been integrated 

into our management, policies and business operations. The 

main intent is to communicate our sustainability agenda and 

performance for the year to all our stakeholders. For a more 

holistic and detailed overview of SingPost’s financial performance, 

this report should be read in conjunction with SingPost Annual 

Report FY2020/21.

Sustainability reporting is performed on an annual 

basis, with our last report published in August 2020. 

The reporting period of this report covers 1 April 

2020 to 31 March 2021 (“FY2020/21”), with historical 

performance data included for comparison, 

where available. Unless otherwise stated, the 

sustainability data and information presented in this 

report relates to our three key business segments in 

Singapore – Post &amp; Parcel, Logistics and Property. 

We hope to expand our reporting scope to include 

our overseas operations in future, where relevant.

The report is aligned and prepared according to the Global 

Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards: Core Option. We selected 

the GRI Standards for our sustainability reporting framework as 

they are internationally recognised as one of the leading global 

standards in reporting on an organisation's sustainability impacts. 

More information on the GRI Standards disclosures selected for

reporting are provided in the GRI Content Index on Page 54.

SingPost has not sought third-party verification and external 

assurance for all information disclosed and highlighted in this 

report. However, we continue to adopt a phased approach to our 

reporting and will consider seeking external assurance as our 

sustainability reporting matures over time.

This report has been prepared in accordance with the SGX-ST 

Listing Rules 711A and 711B and draws on the guidance set out in 

Practice Note 7.6. 

We seek to continuously improve upon all aspects of our 

sustainability journey, including our approach, processes and 

performance. As such, all feedback from our stakeholders are 

welcome. Please address any comments and feedback you may 

have to csr@singpost.com.

BUSINESS 

SEGMENT

OPERATIONS

Post &amp; Parcel

• Airmail Transit Centre*

• Mail deliveries

• Post Offices

• Regional Delivery Bases*

• SingPost Centre*

   - Corporate Headquarters

   - Data Centre

   - Mail Processing Centre

   - Delivery Base

   - General Post Office

   - Leased retail stores

Logistics

• SingPost Regional eCommerce

   Logistics Hub*

• FPS Global Logistics

• Quantium Solutions

   - Regional eCommerce Logistics Hub

   - 20 Gul Way*

• Lock+Store*

Property

The following presents a list of 

SingPost's major properties:

• Alexandra Post Office

• Bukit Panjang Post Office

• Killiney Road Post Office

• MacPherson Post Office

• Pasir Panjang Post Office

• Serangoon Garden Post Office

• Simpang Bedok Post Office

• Tanglin Post Office

• 3B Toh Guan Road East

*Other properties include those marked 

out in asterisks as above.

REPORTING SCOPE 

REPORTING FRAMEWORK 

FEEDBACK

With sustainability at the core of SingPost’s business, 

we reiterate our commitment towards sustainability 

through the release of our fourth Sustainability Report.

Throughout the report, tags are provided at the 

side for clarity when a disclosure is aligned with 

specific GRI disclosure(s). Each tag will comprise 

a standard and its relevant disclosure.

An example is provided below:

XXX-YY

Standard #

Disclosure #









102-54

102-56

102-53

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices

102-50

102-51

102-52


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

6

About SingPost 

From a humble single mail office in the 

19th century, SingPost has grown into an 

international organisation with operations in 

17 markets worldwide. 

With 56 post offices, 7 delivery bases, 300 Self-service Automated

Machines ("SAM") and several online portals, SingPost owns one

of the largest retail distribution networks in Singapore. SingPost

was listed on the Main Board of the SGX-ST on 13 May 2003 and

as at 31 March 2021, our largest shareholders are Singapore

Telecommunications Limited (22%) and Alibaba Investment

Limited (14.6%). 

As SingPost delivers reliable and affordable services to all 

Singaporeans with a focus on sustainable growth, we will strive 

to continue providing innovative mail and logistics solutions in 

Singapore and around the world. This is done with the vision of 

becoming a global leader in eCommerce logistics and trusted

communications in mind.

We are guided by our core values as we embark on our journey 

to seek continuous growth in the urban logistics and eCommerce 

landscape. 

POST &amp; PARCEL

LOGISTICS

PROPERTY

Freight forwarding

eCommerce

As the designated Public 

Postal Licensee in Singapore, 

we are committed to our 

service obligations. We offer 

reliable and quality domestic 

and international postal 

services, and end-to-end 

mail solutions. We have 

a wide network of touch 

points, with 56 post offices, 

7 delivery bases, 300 self-

service automated machinese 

("SAM") kiosks, 801 posting 

boxes and over 9,700 

POPStation lockers across 

140 locations in Singapore.

We offer end-to-end 

eCommerce logistics solutions 

to tap the growing eCommerce 

market in Asia Pacific. Through 

our subsidiaries Quantium 

Solutions, Famous Holdings 

and General Storage Company, 

we provide diverse logistics 

solutions covering freight, 

warehousing, self-storage, 

domestic and international 

distribution and delivery 

services.

We provide end-to-end 

solutions across the 

eCommerce value chain, 

including eCommerce 

technology solutions to 

leading international brands, 

creating and managing 

enterprise-grade online 

stores, digital marketing 

and customer logistics care 

under our subsidiary SP 

eCommerce. 

Property comprises 

commercial property, 

including the SingPost Centre 

and eCommerce Logistics Hub 

as well as the self storage 

business Lock+Store.

SingPost's Business Segments

SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

6

102-2

102-5

CORE

VALUES

T

o

t

a

l 

C

u

s

t

o

m

e

r

T

o

p

 

E

x

e

c

u

t

i

o

n

O

n

e

 

T

e

a

m

T

r

a

n

s

f

o

r

m

a

t

i

o

n

T

r

u

s

t

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

7

Sustainability at 

SingPost

With SingPost playing a significant role of being a trusted postal

service provider in Singapore, it is of utmost importance for ESG 

principles to be embedded in all segments of our business. To 

ensure value-creation for all our stakeholders, we strive to conduct 

our business in a sustainable and efficient manner to bring greater 

convenience to our customers, build on trust and ultimately create 

long-term value for our stakeholders.

At SingPost, all matters related to sustainability are governed     

and managed across various levels in the organisation. 

A Board Sustainability Committee ("BSC") that reports to the 

Board of Directors, was established in February 2021. The Board 

Sustainability Committee works hand-in-hand with Management 

to accelerate the Company's ESG transformation and journey. The 

BSC sets the overall direction for the Company's ESG strategy with 

execution through the Group CEO and supported by a dedicated 

Sustainability function to drive and co-ordinate ESG efforts at a 

Group-wide level.

The Board Sustainability Committee's ("BSC") main role is to 

have oversight of the implementation of the SingPost Purpose 

Statement which will serve to guide the Company’s actions and 

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE 

Every SingPoster is accountable for the 

sustainability of SingPost and the world around us.

Board of

Directors

Board Sustainability

Committee

Sustainability

Department

Relevant Business / 

Support Unit Working 

Groups

Group CEO

Head of Sustainability

behaviours towards the sustainability of the business. It will assist 

the Board in providing counsel, guidance and governance of the 

Company’s strategies, frameworks and programmes related to 

ESG. It reports to the Board in respect of ESG material matters 

with a view of managing the risks of factors that may erode or 

challenge the sustainability of SingPost’s business in the context of 

the SingPost Purpose Statement.

Overseen by the Head of Sustainability in consultation with a 

Sustainability Management Committee comprising key senior 

management team members, the implementation of various 

sustainability initiatives throughout the organisation is

conducted by the relevant businesses supported by the 

Sustainability department.

102-18

102-19

102-20

102-26

102-32



Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

8

UNIVERSAL POSTAL UNION

A specialised agency of the 

United Nations that coordinates 

postal policies among member 

nations, in addition to the 

worldwide postal system

LOCAL COMMUNITIES / 

CHARITABLE ORGANISATIONS

Charitable organisations and the 

disadvantaged in the communities 

in which we operate

SHAREHOLDERS

Institutional investors, equity

analysts, retail investors,

Securities Investors Association

of Singapore

EMPLOYEES / OTHER 

WORKERS

Including contract and

temporary workers

TRADE UNION

Union of Telecoms 

Employees of Singapore 

(“UTES“)

GOVERNMENT / REGULATORS

Infocomm Media Development 

Authority, Singapore Exchange, 

Ministry of Manpower, National 

Environment Agency, etc

CUSTOMERS

Corporates, retail customers, 

general public

SUPPLIERS

Airlines, international 

postal agencies, delivery 

partners, etc

PARTNERS

Business and other partners

To ensure that the concerns and needs of our stakeholders 

are heard and addressed, SingPost has established various 

engagement channels for efficient communications and 

engagement with respective stakeholders. 

 

Formal materiality assessment exercises involving our internal

and external stakeholders were conducted in FY2017/18 and

FY2018/19 respectively to determine specific ESG topics that

matter to them. The resulting material topics identified through

these engagements as well as our other channels continue

to influence SingPost’s sustainability efforts and initiatives. 

The basis for and methods of engagement with our stakeholders, 

as well as their key areas of focus for each stakeholder can be 

found in pages 76 to 80 of our Annual Report 2020/21.

Current information and updates to any SingPost-related matters 

are communicated regularly to our stakeholders through our 

corporate website – www.singpost.com. Furthermore, SingPost’s 

corporate website has a dedicated “Contact Us” section which 

offers various public touchpoints, such as a hotline, live chat 

and a feedback section. There are also separate sections that 

are provided to engage different audience segments such as 

our customers, media and investors. Apart from our corporate 

website and contact channels, SingPost is present on social 

media platforms such as LinkedIn, Facebook and Instagram, that 

is easily accessible by members of the public as well.

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

Forging relationships with our stakeholders 

help us align our priorities on matters that 

affect them most.

SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

8

102-40

102-42

102-43

102-44

102-46

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

9

With a fast changing environment, new challenges presented by the pandemic and other emerging trends such as the pressing need for 

more climate action by companies, we will be embarking on a third stakeholder engagement exercise and materiality review. The results 

and findings will be published next year in our SingPost Sustainability Report 2021/22 with a refreshed strategy, metrics and targets 

focusing on areas where we can create the most impact. 

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 

Material ESG matters are defined as sustainability topics which reflect our significant ESG impacts and will substantially influence our 

stakeholders’ decision-making process. Conducting a materiality assessment enables SingPost to identify the ESG matters which are 

significant to SingPost. The following presents a summary of our materiality process. 

Identification

External Stakeholder 

Engagement

FY2017/18

FY2018/19

FY2019/20 and FY2020/21

Prioritisation

Validation

A comprehensive list of potential material sustainability 

matters was drawn up, taking into account insights from 

internal stakeholder engagements (including consideration 

of the interests and concerns of external stakeholders), and 

benchmarking of industry peers' and key customers' ESG factors. 

Cross-functional interviews and focus group discussions were 

conducted with the management to refine the list of potential 

material sustainability matters.

We connected with several investors, 

customers and the trade union for their 

inputs on the sustainability matters that 

are important to them in their capacity 

as an external stakeholder of SingPost.

Their inputs resulted in two new 

material ESG matters for reporting.

The new list of sustainability matters 

was presented to the Board for 

validation and approval. 

In subsequent reporting periods, 

reviews will be done to ensure 

continued relevance to SingPost's 

business and operations.

In FY2019/20 and FY2020/21, we 

continue to report on these material 

ESG matters, which remain relevant for 

reporting. The material ESG matters 

reported for FY2020/21 are still relevant 

and will remain unchanged from 

FY2019/20.

Materiality assessment workshops were conducted with 

the management, followed by an anonymous electronic 

voting exercise by the management on 24 potential material 

sustainability matters.

The results were plotted on a materiality matrix that displays 

each matter's position relative to the degree of impact to both 

internal and external stakeholders.

A total of six key material sustainability matters were selected by 

top management for reporting. The result was presented to the 

Board for validation and approval.

ESG MATERIAL MATTERS

Compliance with Laws and Regulations

Energy Consumption and Associated 

Greenhouse Gas Emissions

Ethics, Anti-Bribery and Corruption

Responsible Supply Chain

Data Security and Privacy

Customer Satisfaction

Business Continuity Planning

Product and Service Innovation

ADDITIONAL ESG MATTERS

Our People

Community

Investment

102-47

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

10













Sustainability at SingPost is delivered through four interconnected and inter-linking pillars – Planet Positive, Operational Excellence, 

Societal Responsibility, and Transformational Growth. This framework supports and strengthens the execution of our Future of Post 

strategy1 , and guides us on the areas to focus on and empowers us to work towards a more sustainable future. 

Planet

Positive

Operational

Execellence

Societal

Responsibility

Transformational

Growth

We care about 

the lives of all 

stakeholders 

and go the extra 

mile to deliver 

value to them.

We care about 

sustaining a 

liveable planet 

for all future 

generations.

We care about doing the right things the right way, across our entire value chain.

We care about the distribution of sustainable economic value and the important 

role we play in transforming the markets we operate in.





P  

lanet

Positive

O

perational

Excellence

S

ocietal

Responsibility

T

ransformational

Growth

ESG MATTERS 

Our pillars provide 

an outline for our 

Sustainability Report. 

Under each pillar, we 

disclose on a number 

of relevant material 

ESG matters that are 

significant to us and 

our stakeholders. 

Energy 

Consumption 

and Associated 

Greenhouse Gas 

Emissions

Our People#

Ethics,           

Anti-Bribery    

and Corruption

Compliance 

with Laws and 

Regulations

Data Security 

and Privacy

Business 

Continuity 

Planning

Responsible 

Supply Chain

Customer 

Satisfaction

Community 

Investment#

Product and 

Service Innovation

# Not identified as a material 

ESG matter but reported 

additionally

 1 For more information on our Future of Post Strategy, please refer to SingPost 

Annual Report FY2019/20.

SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

10


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

11

In the past year, we saw how the COVID-19 pandemic 

impacted our lives and caused changes to daily living. 

As SingPost continues being a trusted postal network in 

Singapore through the safe delivery of mail and parcels, 

we are also committed to putting people at the heart of 

what we do, and we are always #HereWithYou.

The past year has been a tumultuous one for all. In SingPost, 

despite the challenges we face, we continually focus our resources 

and operations to make sure that mail and parcels keep moving, as 

our services become more essential than ever. Although we foresaw 

some delivery delays during the “Circuit Breaker” lockdown period, 

we ensured that our customers were made aware of potential 

delays, and we would like to express our gratitude to them for their 

understanding and support as we continue to work hard to ensure 

all post and packages get to everyone safely.

There was a total of 11 COVID-19 cases within SingPost, of which 

10 were SingPost’s employees and one being a contractor, which 

formed the COVID-19 cluster in SingPost Centre in March/April 

2020. When this cluster was detected, operations ceased for 

Weathering

the Storm with You

OUR RESPONSE 

TO COVID-19

SingPost is a large organisation, and it is paramount that there is smooth coordination across all its functions and business units, especially 

in case of unexpected situations. When the COVID-19 pandemic first reared its head in early 2020, the Pandemic Task Force (“PTF”) was 

promptly and proactively activated in parallel with the government’s formation of the Multi-Ministry Taskforce, with the main objective of 

steering the Group’s proactive management of the pandemic.

The key personnel of the PTF include the PTF Leader as nominated by the Business Continuity Management Council (“BCMC”), the PTF 

Coordinator as nominated by Group Workplace Safety and Health (“Group WSH”), the Business Continuity Manager and representatives 

from all business units and Group functions. The roles and responsibilities of members are outlined in SingPost’s Pandemic 

Management Framework. 

Rolled out in October 2020, SingPost’s Pandemic Management Framework defines the structure around the management of COVID-19 

at the workplace, including the roles and responsibilities of the members in the Pandemic Task Force, as well as the action plan for the 

pandemic, which is to activate each business unit.

ACTIVATING THE PANDEMIC TASK FORCE

OUR CHANGE MAKERS

• Group WSH Committee

• Pandemic Task Force (“PTF”)

• Business Continuity Management

   Council (“BCMC”)

• Crisis Management Team (“CMT”)

OUR MANAGEMENT TOOLS

• Pandemic Management Framework

• Return to Work Guidelines

approximately three days as we proceeded with deep cleaning of the 

affected areas. We continued to support employees affected by the 

cluster, providing meals and basic necessities for them during their 

quarantine stays, and are committed to doing the same should such 

situations reoccur in future.

Enforcement measures have been stepped up across all our 

facilities and remain so. Overall, there have been no safety breaches 

that have warranted complete stoppage of operations in the 

reporting year.


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

12

In the months of April and May 2020, Singapore went into a “Circuit Breaker” lockdown period to curb the number of COVID-19 

transmissions within the country. As the postal service is an essential service, SingPost continued to operate during this period, with 

some adjustments to our services announced on our website to provide clarity to consumers. 24 of our 56 post offices across our network 

remained in operations and continued to provide essential services including postal services, bill payments and government services.

As far as possible, our employees worked from home. We continued to upskill our frontliners during this period as they acquired new 

knowledge through virtual learning programmes completed on e-learning platforms and through videoconferencing. These virtual trainings 

have increased our staff’s digital savviness and prepared them to adopt our on-going tech-enabled innovations, thus enabling SingPost to 

be more resilient in the future. Some of these courses include:

1. SkillsFuture for Digital Workplace (Digital Literacy for Local Postman)

2. Employment Act &amp; Performance Plan 101 (Supervisory Skills)

3. Supercharge your Digital Skills (Digital Literacy for Foreign Postman)

4. WSQ Facilitate Effective Work Teams (Supervisory Skills)

5. Professional Image &amp; Etiquette for Effective Communication (Service Excellence for Service Ambassadors)

As employees gradually returned to work post-Circuit Breaker, SingPost formulated the Return To Work Guidelines based on recommended 

regulations posed by relevant authorities which serves to support SingPost’s internal business continuity and pandemic management. 

It outlines several guidelines for workplaces and employees to adhere to regarding safe management measures as stipulated by the 

Ministry of Manpower, as well as evacuation steps to take for relevant onsite personnel in the case of any unwell or suspected cases. 

These measures include strict team segregation, working from home arrangements where possible, set-up of alternate work sites such 

as operation areas/stations, daily temperature checks, reminders on personal hygiene practices and travel and health declarations. When 

COVID-19 cases are detected within our facilities, such as the internal COVID-19 cluster in SingPost Centre in March/April 2020 that 

emerged from the organisation’s contracted staff, it is in our Standard Operating Procedures and in accordance with the Ministry of Health’s 

directives to proceed with deep-cleaning of the affected areas. 

PROVIDING ESSENTIAL SERVICES DURING THE MONTHS OF

CIRCUIT BREAKER

PROVIDING A SAFE ENVIRONMENT FOR EMPLOYEES TO CARRY OUT 

THEIR DUTIES

For our operational facilities, our staff are segregated by zones to prevent cross-contamination, and we enforce strict restrictions on cross 

deployment between post offices and logistics bases. SingPost has also appointed Safe Management Officers (“SMOs”) who are responsible 

for checking the effectiveness of the safe distancing measures across its offices, logistics hub and

other facilities. 

SingPost also sought to ensure that our Malaysian employees were supported during this difficult period. Since Malaysia’s first Movement 

Control Order in mid-March 2020, we have provided accommodation urgently required by our Malaysian employees who were stranded.

Safe management and safe distancing measures implemented across our post offices and working facilities











Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

13

Customer well-being is a key priority, and SingPost has modified its operating procedures with the safety of the customer in mind. Apart 

from safe management measures implemented and enforced in our post offices in accordance with government advisories, additional 

precautions were taken at all operational sites, such as the use of gloves during the handling of letters and parcels at all points along the 

delivery chain, and contactless mail/parcel delivery to customers’ doorsteps. To further increase convenience for our customers, up to 

three delivery attempts will be made for each parcel if the recipient is not at home, and alternative redelivery options are also enabled if 

modes of contact are provided.

SINGPOST REMAINS ADAPTABLE TO ENSURE CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE

IS NOT COMPROMISED

As landlord of SingPost Centre Mall, to tide our mall tenants through this difficult time, some of the tenants’ support measures provided 

include grant of rental rebates, obtaining property tax rebate reimbursements from the government, and allowing tenants to utilise security 

deposits for rental payment. Other additional support measures include encouraging the food and beverage tenants to tap on our social 

media platforms and extending our carpark’s grace period to support delivery drivers and food-order pick-ups.

As the majority of our products are locally sourced, there was minimal disruption to our operations, although we have optimised our supply 

chain by decentralising some elements and rationalising our supply base where possible.

SingPost takes the health of its vendors and contracted staff under its management operations seriously. When the COVID-19 cluster of 

contracted staff in SingPost Centre was identified, safe distancing measures and other COVID-19 guidelines were tightened significantly 

across all SingPost’s premises. All appointed Safe Management Officers (“SMOs”) together with Workplace Safety &amp; Health team continue 

to conduct frequent checks to ensure that all personnel, whether they are a contractor or an employee, abide by the safe management 

measures (“SMM”) implemented within the premises. Vendors are reminded on Personal Protective Equipment (“PPE”) requirements when 

working in SingPost premises and PPE supplies are provided to contractors if they are not yet equipped with the right supplies. 

As a forward-looking organisation, SingPost recognises the potential long-lasting impacts of COVID-19 on our operations, and will continue 

to implement measures to safeguard our supply chain and minimise future disruptions. Following this, SingPost is looking to ensure that 

key safety measures, such as requirements for a contracted company to monitor the health of their staff, are written into contractual 

obligations with our vendors. 

STANDING IN SOLIDARITY WITH OUR TENANTS

SECURING OUR SUPPLY CHAIN IN THE FACE OF COVID-19

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

14

Even as the COVID-19 situation remained 

largely under control, with a low number 

of community cases in Singapore during 

the reporting year, preventive measures 

are still in place with emphasis on safe 

distancing measures. Being physically 

distanced and not being able to meet with 

our loved ones as frequently shows the 

importance of close-knitted relationships 

and family ties. During this period of 

uncertainty, SingPost reached out to the 

community and lent a hand to those in need 

by working with various organisations to 

implement new initiatives. 

In April 2020, SingPost partnered with Masks Sewn with Love, a community initiative to sew 

reusable cloth masks for Singapore. These masks were sewn by community volunteers and 

distributed to vulnerable groups across the nation, including shelters and homes, cleaners 

and vulnerable families. By August 2020, mask donations crossed more than 250,000, 

five times the original target, and more than 70% were sent via SingPost’s posting boxes 

islandwide. Additionally, SingPost stepped forward during the Circuit Breaker to help in the 

collection of home-sewn masks by volunteers and consolidated them for distribution 

to beneficiaries. 

EVEN IN THE FACE OF UNCERTAINTY, SINGPOST 

WILL ALWAYS BE #HEREWITHYOU

MASKS SEWN WITH LOVE



In the past year, SingPost collaborated 

with Temasek Foundation on the nation-

wide distribution of hand sanitisers as part 

of its Stay Prepared initiative to support 

the Singapore community during the 

COVID-19 outbreak. Pamphlets containing 

information on hand hygiene were delivered 

to households across Singapore to inform 

residents about the collection of hand 

sanitisers. SingPost also sponsored the 

shipments of 33 cartons of donations to 

families of migrant workers in Singapore, 

as well as envelopes and stamps for Tzu 

Chi’s mask initiative.





Recognising some resultant loss of 

income/employment faced by the local 

community, temporary positions were 

also offered to workers displaced in 

the aviation and hospitality sectors to 

contribute towards the increased volumes 

SingPost experienced during the peak of 

the pandemic. 



Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

15

PLANET

POSITIVE

11%

19%

COMPLETED

We care about sustaining a liveable planet 

for all future generations to thrive in.

Delivering a sustainable future can only begin with the place that matters most 

to all of us. For us to remain sustainable in the long-term, we recognise the 

great importance of environmental sustainability and the unique position we 

are in to drive society’s transition to a circular, low carbon economy. 

DECREASE IN SCOPE 1 GREENHOUSE 

GAS EMISSIONS FROM FY2019/20

DECREASE IN SCOPE 2 GREENHOUSE 

GAS EMISSIONS FROM FY2019/20

PHASES 1 AND 2 OF LED LIGHT 

RETROFITTING ACROSS ALL 

SINGPOST BUILDINGS

ESG MATTERS IN THIS PILLAR

Energy Consumption and Associated

Greenhouse Gas Emissions





“WE ALL PLAY A 

PART IN SUSTAINING 

THE PLANET 

FOR FUTURE 

GENERATIONS.”

Ismadiana Binte Samsudin, 

Inspector of Post (Parcel, 

Next Day Delivery)




SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

16

ENERGY CONSUMPTION 

AND ASSOCIATED GREENHOUSE

GAS EMISSIONS

Enroute to Low Carbon

Future Target

FY2020/21 Progress and Peformance

By FY2029/30, reduce absolute GHG emissions2  by 35%, from 

FY2018/19 baseline level   

On track 

SingPost has currently reduced its absolute Scope 1 and 2 

GHG emissions collectively by 28% from FY2018/19 baseline 

level.

In FY2020/21, the COVID-19 pandemic has led to an 

extraordinary reduction in energy use and its corresponding 

carbon emissions due to reduced business activities for a few 

properties during Singapore’s “Circuit Breaker” period. As 

operations normalise over time, we expect that our energy 

reductions will better reflect our deliberate energy efficiency 

initiatives.

Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions (tonnes CO2e)

FY2020/21

FY2019/20

5,000

Direct [Scope 1] GHG Emissions (tCo2e) 

Energy Indirect [Scope 2] GHG Emissions (tCo2)

10,000

15,000

20,000

25,000

FY2029/30 TARGET

15,684.5 tonnesCO2e

OUR CHANGE MAKERS

Environment Committee

• Made up of representatives across our operations, the 

committee oversees environmental stewardship in the 

Group. Fuel and energy consumption are managed and 

monitored by the various operating units such as the 

conveyance and delivery teams in Post &amp; Parcel, Famous 

Holdings and the Property division.

OUR MANAGEMENT TOOLS

Environmental Policy

• The policy articulates our primary environmental 

objectives which focus on operational, fleet and building 

efficiency and stakeholder collaboration. 



 2 Direct (Scope 1) and Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions in Singapore.

OUR TARGETS


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

17

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Environmental Management

WE CAN ONLY DELIVER IN THE 

FUTURE IF WE START DELIVERING 

FOR THE FUTURE, TODAY.

Our Environmental Policy articulates our primary environmental 

objectives and commitments around four thrusts as described 

below. We undertake periodic reviews of this Policy to ensure the 

continued alignment of our environmental objectives and targets 

with SingPost’s sustainability strategy which will undergo review 

in FY2021/22.

Aligning with global and local ambitions to reduce GHG emissions, we set a long-term target of 35% reduction in our absolute GHG 

emissions from FY2018/19 baseline level by FY2029/30. In FY2020/21, we continue to collaborate with stakeholders and drive initiatives that 

aim to improve our environmental performance: 

Collaborating with 

Stakeholders

Operational Efficiency

Fleet Efficiency

Building Efficiency

We aim to work closely with 

our investors, customers, 

suppliers, business 

partners and regulators to 

establish environmentally 

sustainable and responsible 

business practices.

We commit to base 

our operations on key 

principles of international 

environmental management 

system standards and 

achieve resource efficiency 

through the optimisation of 

resources in our

value chain.

We aim to apply innovative 

solutions to optimise fleet 

routes, upgrade our fleets 

to more efficient models, 

explore alternative fuel 

options, encourage fuel-

saving driving habits and 

implement initiatives to 

reduce delivery trips.

We are dedicated towards 

energy efficiency in our 

sites and facilities, by 

exploring and utilising 

alternative energy sources 

in place of grid electricity, 

achieving and maintaining 

green building certification 

for new sites/facilities and 

progressively refurbishing 

older sites/facilities.

KEY ACTIVITIES IN FY2020/21

Light-emitting diode 

(“LED”) fittings

Two phases of light fittings replacement with LED lamps has been completed across all SingPost 

facilities and locations as of December 2020. This transition towards LED lamps has shown potential 

for great energy savings – our largest hubs at SingPost Centre, Regional eCommerce Logistics Hub 

and Kallang Delivery Base are projected to achieve energy savings of 2,102,053 kWh annually – the 

equivalent of powering up 5,313 four-room HDB flats in Singapore in a year3. 

Waste management

ReCYCLE is a nationwide e-waste recycling initiative with our partner Singapore Telecommunications 

Limited (“Singtel”). Unwanted electronic devices can be dropped off into the ReCYCLE bins at 

selected Singtel Shop and Singtel Exclusive Retailer outlets and post offices, as well as other partner 

locations. Alternatively, members of the public can also ask for a ReCYCLE envelope from any Singtel 

Shop and Singtel Exclusive Retailer outlets, and post offices, and mail their unwanted mobile device 

and accessories at no charge as postage is waived. 

The programme collected 21,815 kg of e-waste islandwide in FY2020/21. 

Raising awareness

All individuals have a shared responsibility to make a difference in protecting our environment. 

SingPost encourages its employees to play their part through a series of communication tools 

and events. 

As an organisation, SingPost has also been supporting Earth Hour since 2013. As part of our annual 

Earth Hour observance, the SingPost Centre switched off all facade lights and non-essential lighting 

for an hour in the last week of March 2021 as a symbol of commitment towards our planet.

Installation of solar 

photovoltaic (“PV”) 

systems

These power systems are designed to supply usable solar power by means of solar panels. While 

COVID-19 has delayed this project in the reporting year, we have invited tenders for our two largest 

buildings, Singapore Post Centre and Regional eCommerce Logistics Hub, and will be selecting our 

PV vendor in early FY2021/22.

Pilot test with electric 

vehicles (“EV”)

Being committed to sustainability and in line with the government’s plan to phase out new diesel cars 

by 2025, SingPost strives to reduce our environmental footprint by exploring a move towards the use 

of EVs. We are currently in the process of purchasing new EVs and aim to implement them into our 

delivery fleets in the near future. 

Chiller upgrading

Chiller systems, which provide ventilation and air-conditioning, make up a significant portion of energy 

consumption within a building. We are currently assessing our chiller performance ratings and working 

with vendors to maintain equipment efficiency while exploring chiller upgrades.

Appendices

 3 The Singapore Energy Statistics 2020 Report states that the average 4-room HDB 

flat consumed 395.6 kWh/month from Jan-July 2020.


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

18

Please refer to the Appendices on Page 52 for details regarding the 

calculation methodology, as well as the scope and boundaries used, 

for both fuel and electricity consumption.

Performance

Indicators 

 Energy and GHG Emissions4

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Fuel Consumption

Post &amp; Parcel (TJ)

36

37

34

Logistics (TJ)

15

13

10

Total Fuel Consumption (TJ) 

51

50

44

Electricity Consumption

Post &amp; Parcel (MWh)

38,076

32,6784

26,424

Logistics (MWh)

9,612

9,5134

8,680

Others5  (MWh)

406

341

402

Total Electricity Consumption (MWh)

48,093

42,5324

35,506

Total Electricity Consumption (TJ)

173

1534

128

Total Energy Consumption within SingPost

Total Energy Consumption within 

SingPost (TJ)

224

2034

172

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions

Post &amp; Parcel (tCO2e)

2,676

2,7164

2,534

Logistics (tCO2e)

1,136

983

749

Total Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions 

(tCO2e)

3,812

3,6994

3,283

Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions

Post &amp; Parcel (tCO2)

15,961

13,6864

10,794

Logistics (tCO2)

4,029

3,9844

3,546

Others5 (tCO2)

170

143

164

Total Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG 

Emissions (tCO2)

20,160

17,8124

14,504

Total Direct (Scope 1) and Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions

Total Direct (Scope 1) and Energy 

Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions 

(tCO2e)

23,972

21,5114

17,787

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

 302-1

 305-1

 305-2

Appendices

 4 Restatements were made for FY2019/20 data to reflect greater accuracy. Please 

refer to the Appendices for more information. 

5 Others refer to SingPost's properties which have been leased out as well as 

properties under Group Technology.


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

19

Across our business operations, we utilise 

motor gasoline and diesel oil for vehicles 

and equipment. A significant portion 

relates to fuel consumption of our own 

fleet and leased vehicles. 

Electricity is utilised for our leased 

spaces and properties owned and under 

SingPost’s operational control. Our 

two largest buildings are the Regional 

eCommerce Logistics Hub, an automated 

parcel sorting and warehousing facility, 

and SingPost Centre.

In FY2020/21, our total energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions decreased by approximately 

19% as compared to the prior reporting year. This is mainly attributed to the significant 

reduction in electricity consumed in SingPost Centre of 24% compared to FY2019/20 due to 

a significant reduction of activities as a result of Singapore’s “Circuit Breaker” as well as 

slow resumption of activities in 2020. Other factors include the reduction of activities in the 

Airmail Transit Centre and closure of offices in Lock + Store during the “Circuit Breaker”, 

as well as the completion of replacement and installation of LED lights across our facilities 

this year.

In FY2020/21, there was a decrease in our total direct (Scope 1) emissions by approximately 

11% from FY2019/20. This is mainly attributed to a reduction in in-house post and parcel 

conveyance and deliveries made. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting 

Movement Control Order imposed in Malaysia, postmen living in Malaysia were unable to 

return to Singapore for work; as a result, delivery vehicles were driven, and fuel was paid by 

outsourced partners (Scope 3 emissions).

FLEET FUEL CONSUMPTION 

AND ASSOCIATED SCOPE 1 GHG 

EMISSIONS

ELECTRICITY CONSUMPTION 

AND ASSOCIATED SCOPE 2 GHG 

EMISSIONS

Fuel Consumption (TJ)

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions

(tCO2e)

52

50

48

46

44

42

40

4400

4200

4000

3800

3600

3400

3200

3000

FY2018/19

Fuel Consumption

Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions

FY2019/20

FY2020/21













3,812

3,699

3,283

51

50

44

FUEL CONSUMPTION &amp; DIRECT (SCOPE 1) 

GHG EMISSIONS



Electricity Consumption (TJ)

Indirect (Scope 2) GHG 

Emissions (tCO2)

200

180

160

140

120

100

80

60

40

20

0

30,000

25,000

20,000

15,000

10,000

5,000

0

FY2018/19

Electricity Consumption (TJ)

Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions (tCo2)

FY2019/20

FY2020/21





















20,160

17,812

14,504

173

153

128

ELECTRICITY CONSUMPTION &amp; ENERGY 

INDIRECT (SCOPE 2) GHG EMISSIONS



Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

20

OPERATIONAL

EXCELLENCE

0

We care about doing the right things 

the right way, across all levels of our 

value chain.

The SingPost story has a heritage dating back to the founding of Singapore in 

1819. We recognise that future-proofing this success would not be possible 

without the trust of our stakeholders and our people’s commitment towards 

excellence. Underpinned by the highest standards of corporate governance, 

we adopt best-in-class practices that reflect our obligation towards 

accountability, transparency and safeguarding of our stakeholders’ interests. 

SIGNIFICANT FINES AND          

NON-MONETARY 

SANCTIONS

Our People #

# Not identified as a material ESG matter but 

reported additionally

Business Continuity Planning

Data Security and Privacy

Compliance with Laws

and Regulations

Ethics, Anti-Bribery 

and Corruption



“WE CONTINUALLY 

WORK TO BE DOING 

THE RIGHT THINGS THE 

RIGHT WAY BECAUSE

YOUR TRUST IN US 

MATTERS”

Saharuddin Bin Samad,

Branch Manager

(Post Office Network)

ESG MATTERS IN THIS PILLAR

DISASTER RECOVERY 

EXERCISES

CONDUCTED FOR

CRITICAL IT SYSTEMS

0

CASES OF CORRUPTION OR

UNETHICAL BEHAVIOUR


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

21

OUR PEOPLE

Our achievements and sustained success over the century would not 

have been possible without our people. Today, SingPost comprises a 

4,057 strong family in Singapore. We believe in the benefits of having 

a diverse workforce and bring together employees from varying 

backgrounds and career stages.

Our People

As a signatory to the Employers’ Pledge of Fair Employment 

Practices by the Tripartite Alliance for Fair &amp; Progressive 

Employment Practices (“TAFEP”), we strive to adopt fair and 

progressive practices on employment. From recruitment to 

development and reward of our talents, meritocracy is one of the 

key values we uphold at SingPost.

Employees hired at SingPost are subject to background screening 

and reference checks to ensure hiring processes are robust. 

Additionally, front-liners in our post offices undergo mandatory 

training to improve service quality and their professional image. 

They are also required to pass necessary regulatory screenings and 

background checks under relevant institutions.

SingPost’s strategy to empower all our employees to take pride 

in carrying out their work is encapsulated within our PRIDE 

Framework. As we continue on our transformation journey, it is 

important for us to develop a learning organisation by balancing 

the needs of today while future-proofing for tomorrow. The 

five objectives outlined under this framework are integral to 

transforming the way we work and remain resilient in a 

changing world. 

We remain committed to building leadership capabilities at the 

middle management level through our accelerated development 

programme, iLEAD and Manager Effectiveness Programmes 

in our efforts to grow our own timber, strengthen our talent 

bench strength and build a pipeline of successors. Through this 

programme, we have been able to offer career progression to more 

than 77% of our talent pool.

WE OFFER OUR PEOPLE A WORKPLACE BUILT ON 

TRUST AND MUTUAL RESPECT

WE ENSURE OUR EMPLOYEES MEET THE MINIMUM 

REQUIREMENTS

WE INVEST IN DEVELOPING OUR PEOPLE AND 

ACCOMPANY THEM THROUGH THEIR CAREER 

JOURNEYS

OUR CHANGE MAKERS

• Human Resources

OUR MANAGEMENT TOOLS

• PRIDE Framework

• iLead accelerated development programme

• Learning and development platform

People are at the Heart of SingPost


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

22

Besides building leadership capabilities, 

we also aid our employees in their personal 

and professional growth. Adapting to the 

new normal of “working from home”, 

SingPost introduced LinkedIn Learning 

in 2020, an on-demand learning solution 

designed to offer access to expert 

content across a wide range of personal 

effectiveness, as well as, business and 

leadership skill areas at the convenience 

of our employees’ own schedules. 

Furthermore, compulsory online interactive 

training modules such as the Dangerous 

Goods Regulations (“DGR”), Personal Data 

Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”) and Group 

Code of Conduct, among many others, are 

SingPost PRIDE Framework

Providing top talent 

across the Group

For talent pool and 

leadership bench 

strength, and succession 

pipeline

Rewarding for 

performance

For a high-performance 

culture to achieve 

business results

Instilling a lean HR 

operating system 

For scalable and 

efficient processes 

through leveraging 

technology

Developing and growing 

our talent 

For enhanced 

managerial and 

talent capability, and 

opportunities for growth

Engaging every 

employee in our 

transformation

For high engagement 

and organisational drive

KEY ACTIVITIES IN FY2020/21

Best Ambassador of the Year Awards

Best Ambassador of the Year (“BAOY”) is SingPost’s annual awards event held in October to coincide with the World Post Day as we 

recognise exemplary members of our SingPost family who consistently demonstrate our core values, delight and positively impact 

our customers. 

Sense of Pride in Donning New Uniforms

In conjunction with World Post Day on 9 October 2020, and as the final phase in a year-long 

refresh of SingPost’s frontline image, SingPost launched a series of new uniforms for over 1000 

uniformed staff members across the company. This is the first full redesign of postal uniforms 

since 2011. As a nod to SingPost’s 163 years of history, this suite of garments features SingPost’s 

corporate colours, in strong distinct blocks that represents the organisation’s energetic force and 

the bold and bright vision we have as we usher in a new era of transformation. 

In designing these refreshed uniforms, we consulted our staff and incorporated considerations 

that prioritised practicality and comfort in their respective roles while bringing across a 

contemporary feel. For our postmen, these considerations resulted in the use of lightweight 

materials, the feature of several prominent reflective strips designed with safety on the roads 

in mind, and also the incorporation of ventilation flaps with an inner mesh on the back to 

ensure that the postman remains cool and well-ventilated as they carry out their work. Apart 

from postmen and postwomen, our SpeedPost parcel ambassadors, postal workers within our 

processing facility and all operational supervisors have also been issued new uniforms. 

In parallel with the uniform launch, we also created our first-ever collection of Digital Lookbooks 

and Uniform Guides and held a photo contest for our uniformed team members. Overall, 

SingPost hopes that our staff will feel a sense of pride in donning their new uniforms and 

continue to perform their duties with the goal of providing quality services for all our customers.

assigned to employees in order to embed a 

strong compliance culture. 

As one of the first few unionised companies 

in the Trade and Connectivity sector, we 

sealed our commitment to upskill our 

frontline workers through the formation 

of the Company Training Committee 

(“CTC”) in 2019 to help strengthen training, 

heighten productivity and enhance 

capabilities of our employees in an 

ever-evolving logistics and eCommerce 

landscape. In FY2020/21, in line with CTC 

goals of strengthening skills and adapting 

to COVID-19’s measures, SingPost made 

steady progress in upskilling our postal 

frontline staff in the areas of digital 

readiness, with the use of smart device 

applications as well as service excellence 

modules while supervisors undergo 

training on driving performance and 

managing effective work teams.  Working 

with various service partners, our post 

office front-liners too underwent specially 

designed and curated virtual trainings 

which include the Workforce Skills 

Qualifications’ (“WSQ”) Professional Image 

and Etiquette for Effective Communications 

training.  Since the launch of CTC, SingPost 

has successfully upskilled more than 

900 frontliners.

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth





Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

23

ANNEX - KEY FEATURES OF THE NEW POSTMAN UNIFORM



Velcro name tags

Easy to put on, does not drop 

easily during work

Foldable sleeves

To create a smart short-

sleeve look

Side-seam pocket

Safety boots

Adjustable Velcro strap

Inner chest pocket

Reflective safety strips

Improves visibility of postmen 

while they are on the road

Back of shirt

Ventilation flaps ensure postmen 

stay cool and well-ventilated

65% Polyster  |  35% Viscose

  Key features :

  • Breathable material

  • Light weight

  • Does not crease easily

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Our Employees6                   

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Total number of employees

All

4,165

4,184

4,057

Percentage of employees, by gender

Male

52%

52%

50%

Female

48%

48%

50%

Total number and percentage of employees, by employment contract and gender [GRI 102-8a]

Permanent employees

2,724

2,757

2,592

Male

68%

67%

65%

Female

32%

33%

35%

Contract employees

1,441

1,427

1,465

Male

23%

22%

25%

Female

77%

78%

75%

Total number and percentage of employees, by employment type and gender [GRI 102-8c]

Full-time employees

3,186

3,206

3,115

Male

65%

64%

62%

Female

35%

36%

38%

Part-time employees

979

978

942

Male

12%

12%

12%

Female

88%

88%

88%

102-7

102-8

Appendices

 6 There was a restatement of numbers to accurately capture all headcount

per the reporting scope.


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

24

Going above and beyond regulatory 

compliance is important to us as it reinforces 

our fundamentals: to be a law-abiding 

corporate citizen and fulfil our duties to the 

communities we serve, and to serve the best 

interests of all our stakeholders. 

COMPLIANCE 

WITH LAWS AND 

REGULATIONS

OUR CHANGE MAKERS

• Audit Committee (“AC”)

• Board Risk and Technology Committee (“BRTC”)

• Local Compliance Function

• Group Compliance Function

OUR MANAGEMENT TOOLS

Our internal policies that cover several levels of oversight 

and focus on different enterprise-level functions, 

including:

  • Board Oversight

  • Employee Conduct

  • Vendor Relationships

  • Workplace Safety

See below for a complete list of policies.

Perpetual Target

FY2020/21 Progress and Performance

No significant fines or non-monetary sanctions relating to 

non-compliance with laws and regulations

IMDA regulates SingPost’s postal performance by setting 

Quality of Service (“QoS”) standards for letter deliveries. 

For the January-March and October-December periods, 

SingPost met QoS standards for  the delivery of Local and 

International Basic Letters (IMDA suspended the Quality 

of Service standards for postal services from March to 

September 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic). Please 

see the “Customer Satisfaction” section of our report for 

more details on our QoS performance.

There were no significant fines or non-monetary sanctions 

in the reporting year.

307-1

416-2

417-3

417-2

419-1

OUR TARGETS

Going Beyond

Compliance

SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

24


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

25

As Singapore’s designated Public Postal 

Licensee, SingPost has the responsibility 

to uphold the highest levels of business 

conduct and integrity across our 

operations. SingPost’s robust suite of 

internal corporate governance policies and 

procedures serve to guard SingPost against 

any potential incidence of non-compliance. 

The significance of various types of non-

compliance is determined by a heat map, 

where the incident is mapped based on 

likelihood of occurrence and magnitude 

SingPost’s internal governance policies function as an effective tool that enables us to comply with the relevant laws and regulations we 

are tied to. As a large organisation with diverse operations, we are bound by various regulations, both local and international; beyond 

compliance to these law enforcement tools, we go the extra mile to serve the best interests of all our stakeholders.

BEING COMPLIANT IS OUR FOUNDATION FOR SUCCESS

of impact to produce a final residual risk 

rating that determines the significance of 

the breach.

To strengthen the effectiveness of the 

compliance function within SingPost 

Group, the Group Compliance Function was 

established to oversee and monitor the 

Compliance Risk Management and control 

systems. In tandem, the Group Compliance 

Charter (“GCC”) has been rolled out 

to define the scope of the Compliance 

Function and the methodology behind 

compliance risk management. To further 

strengthen compliance at SingPost, the 

Local Compliance Function (“LCF”)  and 

Privacy Liaison (“PL”) perform supporting 

roles towards the Group Compliance on 

compliance areas across the Group.

We continue to regularly monitor and 

evaluate our key business activities for 

continual improvement. 

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Compliance with Laws 

and Regulations

EFFECTIVE CORPORATE 

GOVERNANCE CULTIVATES 

A COMPANY CULTURE 

OF INTEGRITY AND 

ACCOUNTABILITY

Board Oversight

Employee Conduct

Vendor Relationships

Workplace Safety

• Board Renewal &amp;

   Tenure Policy

• Code of Business Conduct 

   and Ethics

• Policy on Diversity and 

   Inclusivity

• Policy on Professional 

   Development of Directors

• Securities Trading Policy

• Anti-Bribery and Corruption 

   (“ABC”) Policy

• Code of Conduct

• Personal Data

   Protection Policy

• Whistle-Blowing Policy

• Supplier Code of Conduct

• Group Procurement Policy

• Workplace Safety &amp;

   Health Policy

• Work Injury Compensation 

   Policy

• Business Continuity

   Management Policy

SingPost’s Internal Management Policies (Non-Exhaustive)

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

26

As a postal and logistics operator with a global reach, it is key for SingPost to be kept 

up to date on current international sanctions due to their potential large impacts on the 

logistics industry. 

SingPost’s Group Compliance Function broadcasts an updated list of sanctioned countries 

monthly, based on several international sanctions lists. This is to ensure that no SingPost 

subsidiary, affiliate or business unit books sales with consignees or agents that deal 

with a port or destination that is sanctioned. SingPost aims to reduce and achieve zero 

transactions with the countries as far as possible.

In this reporting year, as part of our commitment to go beyond and keep abreast of global 

developments, SingPost has bought access rights to industry-standard data platforms 

that provide real-time information on international statutes on sanctions, privacy 

regulations and oversight. All these activities reduce the risk of supply chain disruptions, 

as well as our involvement with undesirable third parties.

KEEPING UPDATED WITH INTERNATIONAL SANCTIONS

Sanction Regimes/Lists that SingPost 

Group Draws Reference from Include:

• Office of Foreign Asset Control  

   (“OFAC”) Sanctions List

• Singapore Customs Sanctioned 

   Lists (implementation of the 

   Resolutions passed by 

   the United Nations Security 

   Council (“UNSC”) in Singapore’s 

   domestic laws)

• United Nations Security Council

   Consolidated List

• Financial Action Task Force’s 

   High-risk and other

   monitored jurisdictions

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Examples of Regulations that SingPost Adheres to:

Relevant Legislation 

(including but not limited to)

Singapore Exchange Regulations (“SGX RegCo”)

As a publicly listed company, SingPost is subjected to SGX RegCo, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Singapore 

Exchange ("SGX") that undertakes all frontline regulatory functions to uphold a fair, orderly and 

transparent marketplace. SingPost’s governance policies form the backbone of our robust internal control 

system to ensure that our operations comply with SGX Listing Rules. 

• SGX Listing Rules

Postal Regulations

IMDA regulates SingPost’s performance by setting Quality of Service (“QoS”) standards for deliveries, and 

our targets are to meet or exceed these standards. 

The Company is required to submit quarterly reports regarding its service quality to the IMDA. Monthly 

letter tests and audits are conducted by appointed independent assessors to measure these service 

standards and the results are submitted to the IMDA. IMDA announces the results of SingPost’s QoS 

performance each year.

SingPost’s Postal QoS standards remain one of the most stringent in the world, with delivery standards of 

100% for basic letters and registered letters posted by the second working day.

• Postal Services Act (Cap 237A)

• Postal License

• Postal Services Regulations

• Postal Services Operations Code

• Postal Competition Code

Anti-Corruption Regulations

We are committed to conducting our businesses with utmost integrity, transparency and honesty, as well 

as implementing and enforcing effective systems to counter bribery and corruption. Recognising that any 

lapses has a direct bearing on our reputation and loss of confidence from our stakeholders, we continually 

strengthen our systems in line with the applicable legislations.

• Prevention of Corruption Act (“PCA”) 

• Penal Code

• Corruption, Drug Trafficking and 

   Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation 

   of Benefits) Act

• UK Bribery Act (“Bribery Act 2010”) 

• US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 

   of 1977 (“FCPA”)

Data Protection and Privacy Regulations

The workflow and processes of our operations is consistently reviewed by our legal, compliance and 

operation teams to ensure the security of our data. Our internal Privacy Policy provides information 

relating to collection, use, and disclosure of personal data. In addition, our PDPA Handbook provides 

information on SingPost’s framework of compliance to PDPA and is made available through SingPost’s 

intranet, “SPhere”.

• General Data Protection Regulation EU 

   regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”) 

• Personal Data Protection Act

   2012 (“PDPA”)

Workplace Safety &amp; Health Regulations

We are committed to providing a healthy and safe work environment for our staff, and we seek to perform 

beyond regulatory requirements to protect their rights and welfare. Our Group Workplace Safety &amp; 

Health (“WSH”) Policy and Work Injury Compensation (“WIC”) Policy are set in line with relevant acts and 

legislations, outlining our commitment towards a safety culture of zero accidents, injuries or damage to 

the assets and human resources of SingPost.

• Employment Act

• Retirement &amp; Re-employment Act

• Workplace Safety &amp; Health 

   (“WSH”) Act

• Work Injury Compensation (“WIC”) Act 

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

27

Our stakeholders place their trust in us to 

do good and it matters that this trust is not 

misplaced. We remain steadfast in upholding 

our business ethics and integrity to the 

highest levels, and adopt a zero tolerance 

stance for fraud, corruption and unethical 

actions, We also strive to work with 

like-minded individuals and entities who 

resonate with our values and sustainable 

development objectives.

Honesty, Our Best Policy

ETHICS, 

ANTI-BRIBERY AND 

CORRUPTION

OUR CHANGE MAKERS

• Audit Committee (“AC”)

• Board Risk and Technology Committee (“BRTC”)

• Ethics Committee

OUR MANAGEMENT TOOLS

• Anti-Bribery &amp; Corruption Policy

• Anti-Money Laundering and Countering the Financing 

   of Terrorism Policy

• Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

• Code of Conduct

• Enterprise Risk Management Framework

• Policy on Directors’ Conflicts of Interest

• Supplier Code of Conduct

• Whistle-blowing Policy

• Securities Trading Policy

Perpetual Target

FY2020/21 Progress and Performance

Uphold anti-corruption and ethical behaviour

There were zero cases of corruption and unethical behaviour.

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies 

and procedures

Annual anti-bribery and corruption compliance declaration 

exercise conducted for 99.9% of all employees

205-2

205-3

OUR TARGETS

SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

27


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

28

Ethics,

Anti-bribery and 

Corruption 

OUR CORE VALUES FOSTER AND UNDERPIN A CULTURE 

OF OPENNESS, TRUST AND ACCOUNTABILITY

IT IS IMPORTANT TO US THAT WE MANAGE RISKS THAT MAY 

COMPROMISE OUR VALUES AND INDEPENDENCE

T

o

t

a

l 

C

u

s

t

o

m

e

r

T

o

p

 

E

x

e

c

u

t

i

o

n

O

n

e

 

T

e

a

m

T

r

a

n

s

f

o

r

m

a

t

i

o

n

T

r

u

s

t

CORE

VALUES

SingPost’s Employee Code of Conduct 

(“COC”) sets out the principles to guide 

SingPost Group Employees (including all 

employees of SingPost and its subsidiaries) 

in carrying out their duties and 

responsibilities to the highest standards 

of personal and corporate integrity. The 

COC also covers and references the Anti-

Bribery and Corruption Policy. Compliance 

to the COC is mandatory, and a declaration 

exercise is carried out annually where 

all employees are required to read and 

endorse their understanding of the 

provisions lined out in the policy.

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

102-16

In accordance with the COC, our employees 

are required to disclose any conflict 

of interest as soon as they identify a 

possibility, and where possible, before 

they engage in the conduct in question. 

They are required to make declarations 

annually and to provide updates where 

appropriate. Guidelines relating to 

entertainment, receipt and offer of gifts are 

also established. Moreover, our employees 

are required to ensure that all business 

dealings and decisions are legitimately 

made for the interest of SingPost and 

are not conducted under any improper 

influence or advantage. 

To ensure that SingPost’s zero tolerance 

stance towards fraud, corruption and 

unethical actions is adhered to, relevant 

policies and procedures are made 

accessible to all our employees via the 

company intranet. For new employees, 

training modules that introduce them to the 

company’s COC are part of the onboarding 

process, and they are required to read and 

endorse the COC in writing.

OUR STAKEHOLDERS ARE EMPOWERED TO DRIVE OUR ETHICAL CULTURE 

Our Whistle-Blowing Policy sets out 

the guidelines under which our internal 

and external stakeholders are able to 

raise concerns about possible matters 

of improprieties or wrongdoings in 

confidence. All whistle-blowing reports 

received will be investigated promptly, 

professionally, fairly and honestly. Where 

appropriate, the matter will be escalated to 

the relevant law enforcement 

authorities for their investigation 

and further action. Findings from the 

investigations and the follow-up actions 

taken or to be taken will be reported to

the SingPost Audit Committee.

To align with our Anti-Money Laundering 

policy, we conduct proper due diligence 

on any company that SingPost will be 

establishing a business relationship 

KEY ACTIVITIES IN FY2020/21

Instilling Ethical Knowledge and Behaviour in our Employees

It is important for SingPost to ensure that all employees are aware of the Employee Code of Conduct and adhere to the appropriate 

behaviour set out therein. During the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting circuit breaker, SingPost launched three internal e-learning 

modules on the Group’s e-learning platform that cover the Group Privacy Foundation, PDPA for Singapore Employees and Anti-Money 

Laundering, with a fourth module on Anti-Bribery and Corruption still in development. These e-learning modules aim to promote 

awareness on ethical behaviour and contribute to maintaining a positive corporate culture in the workplace. We plan to roll out more 

training materials including other internal governance topics such as Anti-Competition in due course.  







Screenshots of the Anti-Money Laundering module that incorporates scenario-based questionnaires, interactive learning 

and a final assessment to test employee knowledge and understanding of the topic taught

102-17

with or has an established business 

relationship that involves the transfer or 

receipt of funds. Any suspicious transaction 

or red flag that has been determined 

will be escalated to Group Compliance 

immediately. Furthermore, as part of 

record-keeping, employees are obliged to 

maintain records of proper due 

diligence undertaken.

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

29

Today, we live in a digital age. As data grows, so do the risks involved. 

Cyberattacks, data fraud and theft continue to rank highly in their 

likelihood and impact on shaping the world’s risk landscape7.  It is 

thus a business imperative for us to dutifully protect our corporate 

data and that of our stakeholders with the highest standards of data 

security and privacy.

Safeguarding a Digital World

DATA 

SECURITY AND 

PRIVACY

OUR CHANGE MAKERS

• The Board Risk &amp; Technology Committee has oversight    

   of risk management

• Group Chief Information Officer, Group Data Protection 

   Officer, as well as all departments are responsible for 

   integrating the approach in daily operations

OUR MANAGEMENT TOOLS

• Enterprise Risk Management Framework

• Information Classification and Handling Policy 

• Information Security Policy

• Group Privacy Foundation

• Group Personal Data Protection Policy

• Cybersecurity Framework

Perpetual Target

FY2020/21 Progress and Performance

Uphold the highest standards of data privacy protection8

One personal data breach was reported to and verified by the 

Group Data Protection Officer (“GDPO”). GDPO confirmed 

that adequate remediation has been undertaken and follow 

up measures have been implemented to mitigate similar 

occurrence in the future.

   Compliance with the Personal Data Protection Act (“PDPA”)

SingPost has fully complied with the PDPA during the 

reporting year.

418-1

OUR TARGETS

SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

29

7 World Economic Forum, “The Global Risks Report 2021”

8 The perpetual target has been rephrased to better reflect SingPost’s performance. 


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

30

Data Security 

HAVING THE RIGHT PEOPLE TO PROTECT

OUR ASSETS

STRENGTHENING DATA INTEGRITY AND 

PROTECTION IS PARAMOUNT IN A DIGITAL AGE

The Board Risk and Technology Committee (“BRTC”), which 

comprises directors with competencies in risk management and 

technology, provides oversight with respect to risk management 

and technology in implementing the business strategies of the 

Group. Supporting the BRTC is the Group Technology division, 

which handles the day-to-day operations with regards to SingPost’s 

information system.

Cybersecurity is one of our top risk concerns due to digitisation 

and increased use of the internet in our business space leading to 

increased exposure to cyber risks. We are committed to protect our 

customer’s personal data, build our resilience in data security and 

improve our response to cyber threats. We also seek to minimise 

the potential impact of any incident and to recover from it as 

quickly as possible.

Our Group Information Security Policy provides guiding principles 

and key controls to identify threats, protect, detect, respond to 

cyber-attacks and recover from incidents. As part of SingPost’s 

Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) Framework, our data 

security policies and manuals are communicated to all employees. 

These policies are reviewed yearly, and updated where necessary, 

to ensure continual relevance regulations and industry practices. 

Furthermore, we have adopted the US National Institute of 

Standards and Technology (“NIST”) Cybersecurity Framework and 

leveraged on it to outline our framework, with efforts focusing on 

Process, Technology and People, as illustrated in the figure below. 

P

E

O

P

L

E

T

E

C

H

N

O

L

O

G

Y

P

R

O

C

E

S

S

Identify

Review our Cybersecurity General Controls and 

identify area of improvement on security operations.

Implement risk-based vulnerability management 

programmes to improve our cyber risk prioritisation 

and mitigation.

•

•

Implement security protection 

initiatives covering Group-wide 

assets and subsidiaries to 

strengthen the cyber resilience of 

our processes    and technology.

•

Put in place surveillance and 

24/7 security monitoring, 

including actively taking down 

malicious online sites.

•

Protect

Conduct Group-wide critical system 

Disaster Recovery exercise to ensure 

that our systems and people are 

adequately prepared to perform 

recovery procedures.

•

Recovery

Detect

Ensure that adequate resources are 

in place to respond to incidents.

•

Respond

Technology

Our Group Technology ("GT") division constantly 

reviews SingPost's cybersecurity threat landscape 

and identiﬁes new technology to improve our 

security operations. External consultants are also 

engaged to provide feedback on our cybersecurity 

readiness. Security experts also conduct an annual 

vulnerability assessment and performs security 

monitoring 24/7.

People

Every staff has a role to play in our cybersecurity 

defence. As most cyber attacks occur due to human 

errors, we place strong emphasis in educating and 

evaluating our staff in their awareness towards 

cybersecurity.

Process

Our Group Technology division conducts regular 

reviews of the Group's cybersecurity environment to 

identify new approaches and methods in improving 

our cybersecurity threat management processes, 

which includes the ﬁve elements of the NIST 

Cybersecurity Framework, as shown in the diagram 

on the left.

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

31

SURVIVING IN THE COVID-19 DIGITAL LANDSCAPE

WE ENSURE THAT WE HAVE THE RIGHT 

PROCESSES IN PLACE

With an increase in alternative work arrangements due to the COVID-19 pandemic, there has been a growth in internet traffic which 

presents higher risks for cyberattacks, phishing and scams. In response to this, SingPost has been working with our partners to actively 

take down phishing and fraudulent sites, while strengthening our perimeter controls, as well as our detection and response capabilities. 

Furthermore, SingPost has been working closely with authorities such as the Singapore Police Force in its nation-wide effort to thwart 

cybercrimes, as well as receiving timely information on cyber threats. In FY2020/21, all data security findings have been rectified. 

As cyber threats evolve, SingPost will continue to build on our cyber 

resilience and prepare our people to defend our business. We work 

with key stakeholders to deploy various means to monitor, measure 

and review our systems, as well as stress-test our response across 

different scenarios. These include:

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Element

Processes

1. Identify

We engage in rigorous internal and external audits on our information systems annually.

• We constantly review our Cybersecurity General Controls and identify areas to improve our security operations, with the help 

of Group Internal Audit. Scope of audit is reviewed annually following the organisation risk landscapes and to address any 

emerging threat.

• External consultants are engaged to assess and provide feedback on our Cybersecurity readiness. Its cybersecurity subject 

matter experts conduct stress-testing security controls of our critical systems and review their compliance to Group Policy 

and regulatory requirements.

• Internally, we continue to implement a comprehensive threat and vulnerability management programme, strengthen our 

cybersecurity hygiene and further invest into layered defence capabilities.   

2. Protect

We organise initiatives to increase employees’ awareness on data security.

• We organise bi-monthly gamified security awareness programmes for our employees on Information Security via the 

e-learning platform, which is further supplemented by a broad-based awareness programme with targeted phishing 

campaigns.

• Unlike our spear phishing exercise which was conducted by external agency for top management in the last financial year, our 

spear phishing exercises are conducted in-house and was extended to all employees in FY2020/21.

3. Detect

We review the cybersecurity threat landscape in tandem with our security posture to identify new approaches and methods 

to improve our cybersecurity resilience.

• We engage Bitsight, a cybersecurity ratings company, for a data-driven measurement of our cybersecurity performance 

and monitor our ratings every quarter to keep it within our target range. Should ratings fall, we will take the necessary 

improvement actions based on the recommendations provided by Bitsight.

• Cybersecurity cuts across entire Group businesses, we provide regular updates to senior management and risk committees to 

keep them updated on key development of Cybersecurity program as well as cyber threat landscapes and incidents in relation 

to the Group. 

4. Respond

We focus on building our capability in responding to IT disasters.

• We engage Managed Security Services to provide round the clock monitoring of the Group’s resources and alerting the 

Cybersecurity team to take the necessary actions on identified threats.

• Our Crisis Management Team ensures that our people and systems are well prepared to respond to incidents through 

trainings such as the Disaster Recovery and Tabletop exercises.

• We also have in place a Data Breach Management Plan that sets out the policies and procedures for all employees and agents 

of SingPost to respond to personal data breaches promptly and effectively (see “Data Privacy” section for more details).

5. Recover

While we continue to strengthen our cybersecurity capabilities, we also focus on improving our people-process in effectively 

responding to cybersecurity incidents via regular exercise and awareness programs.

• We conduct an annual Disaster Recovery exercise for critical information systems across the SingPost organisation to 

simulate most types of IT disaster situations, as well as stress test our data and IT system recovery processes.

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

32

Data Privacy

GREAT EMPHASIS IS PLACED ON RESPECTING THE 

PRIVACY RIGHTS OF ALL OUR STAKEHOLDERS

FRAMEWORKS SET A STRONG BACKBONE 

FOR DATA PRIVACY REGULATION IN OUR 

ORGANISATION

SingPost respects the privacy of our stakeholders and hence we 

treat privacy and security issues with great importance. We have in 

place policies and processes to handle data with appropriate care. 

This includes continuous attention and dedication to the protection 

of Personal Data that we process. 

To ensure SingPost’s data privacy compliance in the markets we 

operate in, SingPost has access to industry-standard resources 

that provide real-time information and data on international privacy 

regulations and oversight. These resources also enable us to:

SingPost’s Group Privacy Foundation is a framework that sets 

Group-wide minimum privacy standards for the handling of 

personal data at SingPost, its relevant affiliates and subsidiaries. 

The policy consists of corporate guidelines regarding the 

processing of personal data at SingPost, with each SingPost-

affiliated entity being responsible for implementing and adhering to 

these Guidelines as well as any other local legal requirements.

• Conduct research and tracking of latest data protection 

developments in markets where SingPost is operating in

• Track legislation and regulations relating to data 

protection, including news, legal research and opinion

• Compare global data protection standards

• Download readily available templates pertaining to data 

protection for use

GROUP PRIVACY FOUNDATION

Transparacy and Lawfulness

Purpose Limitation

Accuracy

•

•

•

Storage Limitation

Data Subject Rights

Data Security

Transfer of Personal Data to Third Parties

•

•

•

•

Group Privacy Principles

Principles in Compliance

Policies and 

Procedures

System and Database 

Inventory

Training

Monitoring and

Audits

Enforcement and 

Disciplinary Actions

Management Action 

Plans

Board (through Board Risk and 

Technology Committee)

Group Privacy Programme 

Management

Group Data Protection Ofﬁce

GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE

SingPost Privacy 

Liaisons / Data 

Protection Ofﬁcer

SingPost Group 

Afﬁliates

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

33

In Singapore, the legislated Personal Data Protection Act (“PDPA”) is an additional local legal requirement to the Group Privacy Foundation, 

a baseline data protection law that governs the collection and use of personal data. SingPost’s PDPA Policy is thus established with the 

PDPA as the backbone. This Policy sets out specific guidelines that employees are required to comply with and provides employees with an 

understanding of the PDPA’s impact on operational activities. Specifically, the PDPA details nine Data Protection Provisions that employees 

must follow, as well as the processes involved in the event of a PDPA investigation.

The complexity of the cybersecurity environment today suggests that even organisations with the best cybersecurity frameworks may 

eventually be susceptible to a breach. To strengthen our cybersecurity against data breaches, SingPost has in place a robust Data Breach 

Management Plan that provides a response framework for employees and relevant agents of SingPost to respond to any personal or 

corporate data breach promptly and effectively. It also serves to contain and mitigate any adverse consequences, as well as implement 

solutions to prevent future occurrences. 

In the event of any data breach (or potential incidents of data breach), employees are required to report to the Data Protection Officer 

immediately, who will then decide if any actual or suspected data breach should be escalated to the Data Breach Response Team. Key 

elements in managing a data breach include containment and recovery, an assessment of the risks and impact, notification of the data 

breach to stakeholders and affected individuals (including Personal Data Protection Commission (“PDPC”) if necessary) and an evaluation 

and response. All details of the incident are logged in an incident tracking table and tracked in real-time, while the incident will be closely 

monitored by the respective parties until the issue reaches a closure.

Our employees are consistently reminded of the importance of data security and privacy and are equipped with a good understanding of 

data protection and how it applies to the workplace.  

It is essential for our employees to demonstrate knowledge and competence of the guidelines set out in SingPost’s Group Privacy 

Foundation and PDPA Policy. To enhance employee learning of these essential guidelines, we have designed and updated our mandatory 

e-learning modules on these specific topics (see “Ethics, Anti-Bribery and Corruption” section in this report for more details). In addition to 

e-learning as a channel, SingPost has also reached out to all appointed Privacy Liaisons for business and support units to conduct training 

through live videos or email as appropriate.

9 Data Protection Provisions of the PDPA Policy

Collection, Use and Disclosure of 

Personal Data

Care of Personal Data

Accountability to Individuals

Notification

Consent

Purpose Limitation

Protection

Accuracy

Retention

Transfer

Access and Correction

Accountability

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

PROACTIVELY PREPARING FOR POTENTIAL DATA BREACHES

A CONCERTED EFFORT WHERE EVERY EMPLOYEE IS AWARE AND ACCOUNTABLE

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

34

OUR CHANGE MAKERS

• Crisis Management Team 

• Department Heads

OUR MANAGEMENT TOOLS

• Business Continuity Management Framework

• Emergency Response

• Enterprise Risk Management Framework

• IT Disaster Recovery

• Workplace Safety &amp; Health Policy

BUSINESS 

CONTINUITY 

PLANNING

As the global risks intensify in scale and become more systemic in 

nature, it is vital for us to remain vigilant, enhance our readiness and 

continually build resilience. Prudent business continuity planning 

enables us to manage risks and establish mitigative measures to 

safeguard against disruptive impacts. This is necessary for quick 

recovery of our critical functions so that we can continue to deliver the 

exceptional service that our stakeholders are familiar with.

Anticipating What’s in Store

SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

34

Perpetual

FY2020/21 Progress and Performance

Strengthen governance and instil the Business Continuity 

culture within the organisation

With the Business Continuity Management Committee meeting 

every quarter, and having a documented BCM framework 

as well as BCP templates, the Group continues to build 

upon the existing Business Continuity Culture through the 

implementation of training programmes to equip employees 

with the knowledge and skillset required to collectively manage 

the Group’s BCM.

In addition, the implementation of the BCP exercises is 

currently in progress.

Conduct disaster recovery exercises for critical IT

systems yearly

SingPost has successfully conducted disaster recovery 

exercises for critical IT systems in the financial year.

OUR TARGETS


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

35

BUSINESS CONTINUITY

MANAGEMENT APPROACH

Business 

Continuity Planning 

RISK MANAGEMENT IS A CONTINUOUS, ITERATIVE 

AND INTEGRATED PROCESS

WE ENSURE OPERATIONAL READINESS THROUGH 

BUSINESS CONTINUITY

Risks come in various forms and from different sources. Some 

risks can be eliminated, some may be accepted, some can 

be mitigated by transferring the risks or via action plans, and 

managed as part of our business model. Our risk management 

strategy involves assessing and balancing risk probabilities, 

preparing for reasonable contingencies while minimising 

precautionary expenditure or activity. We adopt a top-down 

as well as bottom-up approach. The Group’s Enterprise Risk 

Management (“ERM”) framework is modelled largely on ISO 

31000:2018 Risk Management – Principles and Guidelines, and 

covers the key strategic, operational, financial, compliance and 

information technology risks facing the Group. The ERM framework 

is supported by appropriate risk policies, procedures and provides 

guidance to the Group’s various business units and support units 

on managing risks. More information on risk management and 

internal controls can be found in our Annual Report, pages 82-89. 

Our Business Continuity Management Council with Business 

Continuity Management Framework serves to drive business 

continuity plan (“BCP”) efforts across the organisation, in order to 

ensure minimal disruptions of our operations and a quick recovery 

and continuation of critical business and operational functions. The 

framework provides a direction and guidance in the implementation 

of a Business Continuity Management (“BCM”) programme across 

the Group. The resulting BCM programme provides a guiding 

principle to the formation of a Business Continuity Plan within 

business units or support units in the Group. While developing 

our Business Continuity Management Framework, we referenced 

the Business Continuity Management System (ISO 22301:2019), 

which comprises the policy, structure, programme and process, 

notification and activation process when crisis occur, as well as 

programme management (as shown in the figure above).

Board of Directors

Chair (GCEO)

Support Units

Postal Business Unit

Overseas

Subsidiaries

Crisis Management Team

(Management Committee)

Project Sponsor - 

Postal

(CEO,Pos Svcs &amp; SG)

Project Sponsor - 

Corporate Service

(GCFO)

Project Sponsor -

e-Commerce &amp; 

Overseas

CEO, CourierPlease

Secretariat

BC Manager

Deputy Chair

(GCFO)

BUSINESS CONTINUITY MANAGEMENT 

COMMITTEE (“BCMC”) STRUCTURE

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

102-11

 Business Continuity Management 

Policy Statement

Guideline 

Principles

Vision 

Objectives 

Commitment

Business Continuity 

Plans

BCM Framework

Activation

Activation

Master Crisis 

Management 

Directives

Emergency 

Response Plan 

Owner: Property

Pandemic, Haze, 

Health related 

Framework 

Owner: WSH

Crisis 

Communications 

Directives 

Owner: Brand &amp; 

Communications

IT Disaster 

Recovery Plan 

Owner: Group 

Technology

Contingency Plans

Structure, 

Programme &amp; 

Processes, 

Notification &amp; 

Activation

Policy

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

36

PROCESS IN DEVELOPING AND

REVIEWING BCPs

WE ENSURE THE EFFECTIVENESS OF OUR BCP 

PROCESSES

Systems are in place for our operations to respond to incidents, 

crises and threats when they occur. We have contingency plans for 

a broad swathe of scenarios including emergencies, pandemics and 

security threats, as well as other forms of disruptions that might 

occur in the course of our business and operations.

In addition to operational response plans, we have also set out

processes to communicate to our stakeholders in an open manner. 

We communicate timely accounts of all incidents and the progress of 

the recovery efforts that are being carried out to our stakeholders. 

While the Board Risk and Technology Committee oversees BCP 

strategy and progress, the Internal Audit function reviews the 

BCP strategy and its implementation. Our crisis management and 

communication plans are reviewed and refined regularly, as well 

as updated in our BCPs. To enable our teams to respond to crises 

in an organised and efficient manner, as well as expedite recovery 

processes, all BCPs are periodically tested, documented and 

maintained. While the implementation of the Exercise Programme 

training is still underway, the remaining processes have their 

respective trainings conducted for the relevant employees.

STAYING RESILIENT DURING 

COVID-19 PANDEMIC

Before the COVID-19 pandemic hit 

Singapore, SingPost’s BCM framework 

underwent revision and improvements. 

The thorough preparation that the 

Group underwent proved its worth 

when a number of our employees 

were infected with COVID-19. In 

response, our Crisis Management Team 

formed under the BCM framework 

was activated to drive the BCPs. At 

the same time, our multi-divisional 

SingPost COVID-19 Task Force was 

formed in March 2020 according to our 

BCM framework to manage the impact 

of the pandemic. Please refer to “Our 

Response to COVID-19” section for 

more information on our COVID-19

Task Force.

KEY ACTIVITIES IN FY2020/21

Business Continuity Leadership Training

The aim of this training is to help senior management understand the critical business 

functions, resources, interdependencies, prioritisation and determining their impacts 

to the business. It also serves to remind them about their roles and responsibilities, 

as well as to understand the key objectives of the Business Continuity Management 

System (“BCMS”) and the main challenges attributed to it. Through the training, 

participants will be able to better understand the BCM framework and carry out their 

roles and responsibilities effectively.

Business Impact Analysis Webinar Training

Targeted at the Business Continuity Representatives, the training aims to help 

participants to understand their roles and responsibilities with respect to the various 

plans in place. It also helps the representatives to understand Business Impact 

Analysis, and how they should use the Business Impact Analysis template as part of 

their role in SingPost’s BCMS.

Business Continuity Plan (“BCP”) Webinar Training

As a follow through from the Business Impact Analysis Webinar Training, this BCP 

course trains the Business Continuity Representatives to translate the information 

in the Business Impact Analysis into Business Continuity Plans. In the course of 

establishing the BCP, participants will learn to identify SingPost’s recovery strategies 

and determine the appropriate strategy that the respective department should adopt. 

In addition, recovery tasks, resources and requirements will have to be determined 

by these representatives in order to support the organisation’s business continuity 

objectives. Coupled with the understanding of their roles, they will then be able to use 

and complete SingPost’s BCP template as part of the required  documentation process.

Exercise

Programme

 Business

Continuity Plans

and Procedures

 Business

Continuity  Strategy 

and Solutions

 Business

Analysis and Risk

Assessment

Performance 

Evaluation, 

Internal Audit and 

Improvements

OPERATIONAL

PLANNING &amp;

CONTROL

SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

36

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

37

PASSED 

111

S$168,000

IMDA QUALITY OF SERVICE ("QoS") 

STANDARDS FROM JANUARY TO 

DECEMBER 2020

POST OFFICE STAFF RECEIVED THE EXSA 

AWARD, OF WHICH THERE WERE 

37 STAR, 15 GOLD AND 59 SILVER

RAISED FOR COMMUNITY CHEST 

THROUGH LAUNCH OF ASIA’S FIRST 

CHARITY STAMPS

Community Investment #

# Not identified as a material ESG matter but reported 

additionally

Responsible Supply Chain

Customer Satisfaction

ESG MATTERS IN THIS PILLAR





SOCIETAL

RESPONSIBILITY

We care about the lives of our 

stakeholders and go the extra mile to 

deliver value to them.

In sustaining value creation to the people and communities we serve, we must 

first ensure that our value chain is one that is responsible and resilient.

“GOING BEYOND PROFITS 

FOR OVER 160 YEARS, WE 

CONTINUE TO BUILD

RESILIENCY AND TO 

CREATE VALUE TO THE 

COMMUNITIES WE 

SERVE”.

Ng Mee Geok,

Operations Executive 

(Philatelic &amp; Stamps)




SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

38

RESPONSIBLE 

SUPPLY CHAIN

We want to connect the world sustainably and link up with 

stakeholders across our value chain to build a sustainable future. We 

envisage a world where people of today are freed from the chains of 

forced labour and modern slavery; where generations of tomorrow 

are freed from the chains of a degraded environment left behind. As a 

crucial player in the global postal, logistics and eCommerce sectors, 

we too recognise our importance in shaping a responsible supply 

chain with our partners.

OUR CHANGE MAKERS

• Group Procurement 

OUR MANAGEMENT TOOLS

• Group Procurement Policy

• SingPost Purchasing Manual

• Supplier Code of Conduct

Perpetual Target

FY2020/21 Progress and Performance

Screen selected suppliers on health, safety and 

environmental criteria

Efforts for on-site screening of suppliers were limited given 

the COVID-19 circumstance. All new suppliers with tenders 

above a pricing threshold were assessed against the 

requirements of Supplier Code of Conduct which includes 

ESG criteria. 

OUR TARGETS

A World Without Chains

SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

38


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

39

Responsible Supply Chain 

RESPONSIBILITY STARTS FROM THE WAY WE MAKE DECISIONS

SingPost’s Group Procurement function is pivotal in our supply chain management and works closely with other business users and 

stakeholders to source as well as procure goods and services in the most cost effective and timely manner. The function is responsible for 

establishing the provisions detailed in the Group Procurement Policy, providing oversight over the sourcing and purchasing processes of the 

organisation. It also ensures that the contractual terms and conditions for the procurement comply with the standards in the terms 

of contract. 

The SingPost Purchasing Manual continues to be the main document that sets out the objectives, approach, key principles and procedures 

for the sourcing and acquisition of goods and services to support the Group’s immediate and strategic needs. The Group Procurement 

Policy and Purchasing Manual commit all directors and employees who are involved with the procurement of goods  and services to follow 

the key principles of:

•  Able to support operational needs

•  Uphold all regulatory and legal requirements

•  Accountable, transparent and auditable

•  Ethical

•  Environmentally- friendly

•  Able to uphold social responsibility

•  Economically viable

•  Capable of being managed from a risk perspective

•  Capable of being improved continuously

•  Giving a fair and equitable treatment to vendors who are supplying the goods and services

SingPost is working with consultants to digitise and streamline its procurement process on a web-based platform, from selection and 

due diligence of potential suppliers to monitoring of procurement activities. This platform will facilitate sustainability-related elements, 

such as more detailed environmental and social screening, to be enhanced at the due diligence stage. As more functions are implemented 

in the platform in time to come, SingPost will also look to integrate the above objectives listed in the Purchasing Manual into the digital 

procurement process.

As our suppliers are mostly based in Singapore, there were minimal disruptions to our supplies during the COVID-19 pandemic. Supply 

chain includes contractors, distributors and professional services such as consultancy. 

 

102-9

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

40

WE WORK WITH LIKE-MINDED ENTITIES TO PROPEL THE AGENDA FOR

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT 

The SingPost Supplier Code of Conduct is key to our supplier management approach, and references the Ten Principles of the 

United Nations (“UN”) Global Compact around Human Rights, Labour, Environment and Anti-Corruption. The Code ensures that the 

values and principles that impact our business practices are also embedded in our supply chain, and addresses the following key 

sustainability agendas:

The Supplier Code of Conduct is publicly available on our website, and the organisation conducts on-site assessments based on a 

risk-based approach to assess the adherence of selected suppliers to the Supplier Code of Conduct. The selection of suppliers assessed is 

prioritised using a risk-based criteria such as the size of the vendor’s business and the industry in which they operate, and we expect that 

these assessments will be further streamlined with the integration of the digital procurement platform in 2021. Any shortcomings detected 

in the vendor assessments are addressed on a case-by-case basis depending on the severity of observations. SingPost continues to engage 

its contractors to raise awareness on the importance of adhering to the Code, as well as explore ways to ensure stricter compliance across 

all our suppliers. With regards to the on-site assessments on our suppliers’ adherence to the Supplier Code of Conduct, we have postponed 

most assessments in FY2020/21 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and prioritised higher risk vendors when conducting these checks

this year.

Against the challenging circumstances posed by the COVID-19 crisis on the postal delivery landscape, SingPost has adapted quickly to 

secure our supply chain. Please find details on our efforts to mitigate the COVID-19 impacts for our suppliers under the “Our Response to 

COVID-19” section (page 11) of the Sustainability Report.

308-1

414-1

• Suppliers shall be honest and 

transparent

• Suppliers are strictly prohibited to 

engage in corruption or bribery

• Any potential conflict of interests 

between a supplier and SingPost 

must be disclosed 

• Suppliers’ businesses adhere to 

applicable laws and regulations

• Suppliers’ financial and business   

records are accurately maintained

• Fair competition is practised

• Suppliers must provide a safe and 

healthy workplace conducive for 

physical well-being

• Suppliers shall ensure employees 

are physically fit for work

• Suppliers shall establish 

environmentally-friendly and   

sustainable initiatives

• Suppliers must avoid use of 

hazardous materials or polluting 

activities

• Suppliers shall implement robust 

plans to mitigate effects of 

business disruptions to protect 

employees well-being and the 

environment

• Suppliers must maintain a 

meritocratic working environment 

to provide equal opportunities

• Suppliers shall respect personal     

dignity, privacy and rights

• Suppliers shall ensure no child or    

forced labour

SUPPLIER

CODE OF

CONDUCT

ETHICAL STANDARDS

LAWS AND REGULATIONS

HEALTH AND SAFETY

ENVIRONMENT

BUSINESS CONTINUITY PLAN

HUMAN RIGHTS, DISCRIMINATION

AND LABOUR STANDARDS

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

41

CUSTOMER 

SATISFACTION

At SingPost, customers’ experience and satisfaction is what motivates 

and drives our business forward. As they are of utmost importance 

in contributing towards success of our business, we strive to go the 

extra mile to make every delivery count. SingPost is committed to 

addressing the needs and concerns of all our customers to provide 

them with a positive experience in all our engagements.

OUR CHANGE MAKERS

• Customer Experience Team

• Business units and departments across the 

   whole organisation

OUR MANAGEMENT TOOLS

• Customer Experience Framework

Perpetual Target 

FY2020/21 Progress and Performance

Meet or exceed IMDA’s Quality of Service (“QoS”) standards 

for deliveries.

Passed QoS standards from January 2020 to December 

2020 with no penalty imposition.

Fleet management system to be implemented in FY2021/22.

Refer to the case study below on the implementation of our 

Fleet Management System this reporting year.

OUR TARGETS

Every Delivery Counts

Customer Experience

DEVELOPING THE BEST EXPERIENCE FOR OUR CUSTOMERS

SERVING THE CUSTOMER EACH STEP OF THE WAY

To provide a positive experience for all customers and ensure that their feedbacks are heard, SingPost formed the Customer Experience 

(“CX”) team in 2019. The CX team, which comprises three main pillars – Customer Insights, User Interface/Experience and Service 

Excellence, engages in design, analytics and strategic implementation work related to building better customer experiences and 

satisfaction across all digital as well as non-digital customer touchpoints. The CX team works closely with our co-drivers from the Service 

Quality, Customer Service, Product, Sales, Operations and Technology business units to enhance products, processes and systems that 

directly or indirectly contribute to the experience of our customers. 

Striving to ensure customer satisfaction through all our engagements, SingPost is committed to maintaining the highest quality service 

standards. As the designated Public Postal Licensee in Singapore, we are entrusted with the responsibility to ensure our business 

operations meet the Quality of Service (“QoS”) standards set by the IMDA.

To provide top-grade services and address the needs of each customer, our End-to-End Customer Touchpoints diagram illustrates the 

various solutions we provide at each step of our value chain. For our eCommerce business, our ezyCommerce platform serves as an 

end-to-end solution that integrates the entire process from parcel shipments, to storage and to fulfilment and delivery via a cloud-based 

platform for customers. In addition, ezy2Ship is our online shipment management system which builds upon SingPost's delivery solutions 

and streamlines bulk delivery processes. These solutions allow for increased flexibility and unlimited scale for the business customer,  

while freeing up time for them to focus on their own growth.


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

42

SingPost End-to-End 

Customer Touchpoints 

*Services to some countries have been disrupted by the COVID pandemic with updates communicated to our customers via the SingPost 

website on a regular basis: https://www.singpost.com/covid-19-updates/international-postal-services-updates 

102-2

1. Frontline 

Touchpoints: 

Your first and 

trusted point of 

contact

2. Demand 

Generation:

Driving 

revenue for our 

customers

3. Logistics 

Solutions: 

Taking your 

business 

across borders

4. Mailing and 

Returns: 

Fulfilling your 

last-mile 

mailing needs

5. Customer Feedback 

Channels: Making 

sure your voices are 

heard

Frontline 

Touchpoints

Demand 

Generation

Connectivity

Last-Mile 

Delivery

Warehouse

Return 

Network

Cross-Border

Our post office and Post and Parcel frontliners are 

trained to serve customers of different needs to 

ensure their needs are met.

We provide front-end and demand generation 

solutions to help drive revenue for our business 

customers.

Our hotline, feedback 

form on the website, 

email and whistle-

blowing channels are 

available platforms for us 

to hear the suggestions 

and grievances from 

the public which we will 

act upon according to 

our Standard Operating 

Procedure.

In addition, our dedicated 

account managers 

support our business 

customers throughout 

their customer journey 

with us.

We provide visibility to our customers 

thoughout the logistics supply chain through                       

Order Management System ("OMS"), Warehouse 

Management System ("WMS") and Transport 

Management System ("TMS") capabilities.

Our motto “Every Delivery Counts” applies to all 

deliveries we make to ensure the satisfaction of 

our end customers.

We fulfil our customers’ needs by providing 

integrated warehouse solutions, with pick-and-

pack capabilities across the Asia-Pacific region.

We strive to create an efficient return network of 

postage from end customers to businesses, while 

ensuring an economical viable cost structure for 

businesses.

We provide our customers with cross-border 

solutions for over 220 countries and 

territories worldwide*.

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

43

1. FRONT-END SOLUTIONS: YOUR FIRST AND TRUSTED POINT OF CONTACT

2. DEMAND-GENERATION: DRIVING REVENUE TO OUR CUSTOMERS

3. LOGISTICS SOLUTIONS: TAKING YOUR BUSINESS ACROSS BORDERS

SingPost is highly committed to serving our people. We believe that our service goes beyond just delivering parcels and packages, but also 

to provide professional quality service tailored for every customer.  

To date, we have a total of 56 Post Offices (“PO”) offering over 100 services that cover both postal and non-postal services. POPStations 

(Pick Own Parcel Stations) have been installed at 140 convenient locations island-wide to allow customers to self-collect their parcels and 

eCommerce purchases. To bring our services closer to communities and aid in convenience, our 300 Self-service Automated Machines 

(“SAM”) started as kiosks operating beyond working hours of our post offices so that individuals can engage in services such as paying 

their bills, fines, top-ups, purchase stamps and weigh packages among many others. Due to the rise in digital technology, we leverage the 

increased usage of smartphones today, by extending our SAM machines from physical kiosks into multi-channels (e.g. web and mobile) to 

make our services accessible anytime and anywhere.

Commitment to our customers will always be our priority. As such, we have implemented a company-wide programme – Customers 

First. Our frontline personnel undergo various training programmes conducted for our employees that aim to inculcate a conscientious 

mindset and behaviour, both of which translate to quality service standards for all our staff. Please see the People section on page 21 of our 

Sustainability Report for more details on employee trainings.

SingPost also has an internal campaign, ‘Every Delivery Counts’, which was launched to ensure that the pride and service excellence 

mentality is embedded across all of our operations. In terms of evaluation, the Net Promoter Score serves to measure and monitor the 

performance of our services. Additionally, we have developed training roadmaps as well as learning and development programmes, such as 

Powerhour training workshop and Leadership Café to upskill our employees' competencies and enable them to deliver the best service. 

To help businesses expand and reach out 

to a global market, SingPost eCommerce 

provides our business customers with end-

to-end solutions. We leverage our existing 

tools and knowledge on demand-generation 

which includes admail, digital marketing, 

frontend development and website 

management, in a bid to drive increased 

revenues for our customers. In doing so, we 

also tap on the use of online platforms to 

aid in the creation and management 

of stores. 

To allow our business customers to expand their business globally, SingPost groups offers a wide range of solutions that includes 

warehousing, fulfilment and shipping solutions around the world. We tap on the use of internal tools – OMS, WMS and TMS, which helps 

in streamlining internal operations at SingPost. This enables our customers to stay updated and provide visibility for them throughout the 

logistics supply chain.

 

Internally, we seek to maximise our efficiencies and find new ways to enhance our logistics capabilities. SingPost is currently building up a 

dashboard to enhance the tracking of parcel deliveries. This dashboard provides a platform which enables a holistic view of all end-to-end 

operations and delivery services, and aids in the planning and forecasting of future operations though generation of trends and projections. 

In addition, the dashboard is able to measure and track manpower, equipment, safety incidents, delivery volume and fulfilment, and review 

Key Performance Indicators (“KPI”). 

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

44

4. MAILING AND RETURNS: FULFILLING YOUR LAST-MILE MAILING NEEDS

5. CUSTOMER HOTLINE AND FEEDBACK CHANNELS: MAKING SURE YOUR VOICES ARE HEARD

To ensure efficiency of our services across the entire delivery chain, we recognise the importance of managing our internal logistics well. 

This includes manpower, equipment, safety incident(s), delivery volume and fulfilment, and reviewing of our KPIs. To measure delivery 

performance, our Customer Experience Team works closely with our Domestic Post Products Team to pinpoint relevant concerns faced by 

our customers. Through the identification of these key issues, both teams then implement systemic changes to capture the root causes and 

initiatives to address these gaps.

SingPost highly values our postmen and recognises that their performance and interaction with customers play a huge role in enhancing 

customer experience. We strive to bring out the best performance of each postman and increase job satisfaction through rewarding them 

based on their daily delivery KPIs. In addition, instead of relying on KPIs and compliance with work procedures to measure the performance 

of our postmen, a company-wide recognition platform was launched for postmen who have gone beyond regular duties to fulfil the interests 

of our customers. We also recognise and celebrate the efforts and dedication of our exemplary postmen through various initiatives 

including ‘Postman of the Month’ and ‘Celebrate Service Month’.

On the customer front, to ensure customers are kept up-to-date on their parcel delivery status, we tap on the use of digital tools such as 

the ‘Parcel Estimated Time of Arrival (“ETA”)’ software and other scanning applications. In FY2020/21, SingPost launched a new SingPost 

Mobile App where customers can download on their mobile devices, providing a one-stop platform for all customer needs. Further details 

on the application can be found under ‘Key Activities in FY2020/21’.

As at the end of FY2020/21, SingPost is working to roll out our Fleet Management System (“FMS”), a digitalised system that tracks our 

fleet of vehicles with map visualisation and application support. We are currently in the midst of training our personnel in the usage of the 

digitalised system, and we hope to optimise our use of resources and logistics when the FMS is fully implemented and integrated into our 

management operations. 

Customer and employee feedback is highly valued at SingPost, enabling us to better understand and address stakeholder concerns through 

implementing new initiatives. SingPost uses various engagement channels to engage with our stakeholders. Apart from hotlines, feedback 

form on our website, email and whistle-blowing channels, we have launched the online chat on our website in 2019. In FY2020/21, as part 

of the new SingPost Mobile App, feedback can also be provided via this channel. The various engagement channels, customer service and 

contact center operations are maintained by our Customer Service Team, which seeks to ensure all concerns and enquiries are addressed 

at the front line. We seek to address all enquiries within the day itself and address the issue the following day, regardless of where the 

enquirer is from. This is achieved through complying with a workflow procedure implemented for each respective feedback channel.  

At SingPost, we conduct the Voice of Customer (“VOC”) survey to better understand customer experience. The VOC survey measures our 

annual business-to-business (“B2B”) customer experience over the lifetime of a corporate customer, and monthly business-to-consumer 

(“B2C”) customer experience over a specific event or transaction. The VOC survey covers the first to last mile of the delivery process – from 

physical post office, to call centers and finally to the postman. Various surveys are performed at each of these touchpoints to understand 

our customer’s experience. In addition, SingPost is also tapping on digital intercept surveys via SingPost’s website and mobile app 

platforms, and corresponds with our customers on social media platforms. In the next financial year, we plan to adopt the use of a CX score 

methodology alongside the Net Promoter Score “NPS” that is currently being utilised to enhance the quantification of our customer loyalty 

metrics and ensure their appropriateness and relevance across all our business units. Quality of Service ("QoS") standards reports are 

submitted to IMDA for assessment on a quarterly basis. 

 

We conduct frequent evaluations across all key customer touchpoints and key operational metrics such as postal-related grievances and 

SAM machine downtimes, which are consolidated and circulated to management monthly. Moving forward, as we seek to further focus 

on customer experience, digital communications and innovation, we will explore new areas of touchpoints, digital infrastructures and 

surveying of customer profiles to enrich our customer insights, which will aid in the reinvention of our business.

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

45

KEY ACTIVITIES IN FY2020/21

Fleet Management System 

(“FMS”)

As at the end of FY2020/21, SingPost started working on our very own Fleet 

Management System (“FMS”) which we intend to roll out in FY2021/22. The FMS can 

track our fleet of vehicles with map visualisation and application support. We aim to 

optimise SingPost’s use of resources and logistics on the transportation side as it can 

not only track vehicles, but also identify how our vehicles are currently being utilised 

as well as how many vehicles SingPost needs to efficiently deliver our goods. 

The FMS will be integrated into our existing Control Tower established in FY2019/20 

to aid in consolidation of all data across SingPost, from operations to items delivered. 

As both the Control Tower and FMS has yet to be integrated, a review utilisation of 

SingPost’s fleet will be conducted at a later stage and updates to our FMS will be 

highlighted in next year’s report.

Enhanced SingPost Mobile 

Application

In November 2020, SingPost unveiled enhanced features in the SingPost mobile 

application. The application now includes more intuitive features, such as a 

customisable profile for quick access, and a more streamlined design, including 

added security with Face and Touch ID log-ins. It acts as a one-stop-shop for 

customer’s delivery needs, updates and perks, which we aim to enhance customer’s 

experience and convenience, ensuring that all their needs and queries can be 

addressed in the same platform. 

Excellence Service Awards 

(“EXSA”) 2020

Launched in 1994 by the Association of Singapore Attractions and Enterprise 

Singapore, EXSA is a national award which provides recognition for individuals 

who have gone beyond their call of duty and provided both exceptional service and 

experiences for customers. SingPost is proud to announce that in 2020, many of our 

staff have clinched this award. A total of 111 post office staff received the EXSA award, 

of which 37 were Star, 15 were Gold and 59 were Silver.  







Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

46

COMMUNITY 

INVESTMENT

Community investment plays a central role in our sustainability 

agenda. Through various community efforts implemented, we believe 

in going beyond the business and empowering the communities in 

which we operate in. As we continue to be a good steward of our 

postal heritage and uphold our brand reputation of being a trusted 

intermediary with our stakeholders, we hope to drive a positive 

change in the community and touch the lives of many through 

fostering and strengthening our relationship with people from all 

walks of life.

OUR CHANGE MAKERS

• Group Brand and Communications 

Perpetual Target

FY2020/21 Progress and Performance

1 major charity campaign or initiative each year 

Launch of charity stamp issuance on World Kindness

Day 2020

OUR TARGETS

Delivering Value to Our Communities

Community Investment 

TOUCHING THE LIVES OF THE COMMUNITY

As a trusted postal service provider with over 160 years of history, SingPost is dedicated to serving the community. With the aim of creating 

shared value for the community, we are guided by our community investment policy, which focuses on three key areas of importance to 

SingPost – Community Support, Heritage Preservation and Environmental Sustainability. Please refer to page 15 for more details of our 

efforts on Environmental Sustainability. 

SingPost's Community Focus Areas

COMMUNITY

SUPPORT

ENVIRONMENTAL

SUSTAINABILITY

PRESERVING

HERITAGE


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

47

SUPPORTING OUR COMMUNITIES

PHILANTHROPY

SingPost constantly seeks new opportunities to invest our resources in meaningful initiatives for the community. During this pandemic 

outbreak, our delivery network undertook various COVID-19 related initiatives to help tide the community over this difficult period. We 

supported Masks Sewn with Love, an islandwide initiative for volunteers to sew and donate masks to vulnerable groups. Hand-sewn masks 

were collected through posting boxes and consolidated for distribution by SingPost to beneficiaries such as children and the elderly. Over 

180,000 masks were collected and delivered through SingPost. We partnered Temasek Foundation on its distribution of hand sanitisers 

as part of its Stay Prepared initiative, delivering pamphlets containing information on hygiene and collection details to all households 

in Singapore. SingPost also sponsored the shipment of donations to families of migrant workers suffering from COVID-19, as well as 

envelopes and postage for Tzu Chi’s mask initiative. 

Due to the pandemic outbreak and necessary safe management measures, our Programme Silver – a community-support programme 

launched in FY2018/19 that aims to help address issues arising from Singapore’s ageing population – was put on hiatus for the safety of   

our community.

We continue to contribute to the community through cash and in-kind donations. Our major charity initiative, a charity stamp issue, was 

introduced, raising S$168,000 which was donated to Community Chest in support of MINDS (see Key Activity feature).

SingPost has been a partner of Community Chest’s employee payroll donation matching programme, SHARE, since 2004, and contributed 

about S$10,000 in the year. We also helped our charity partner AMKFSC Community Services raise funds with the placement of donation 

tins in Post Offices to collect public donations. SingPost continues to support the annual UTES – U Care Bursary awards, contributing 

S$80,000 towards bursaries for 243 children, including 103 children of our employees.

SingPost's Launch of Asia's First Charity Stamps

SingPost launched Asia’s first charity stamps on 13 November 2020, World Kindness Day, featuring designs drawn by four special 

needs students from the Movement for the Intellectually Disabled of Singapore (“MINDS”). Sales proceeds of the stamps were 

donated to Community Chest in support of MINDS, with SingPost matching donations on a dollar-for-dollar basis. With a total 

of 70,000 stamps issued, as well as SingPost’s matching donation, the charity stamp initiative raised a total of S$168,000 for 

Community Chest. 

The stamps were launched by President Halimah Yacob. As a gesture of support, the Istana agreed to affix the charity stamps on all 

seasons’ greetings sent via mail from the President’s Office during the 2020 year-end festive period.

As part of our ongoing commitment towards an inclusive society, SingPost also hired three MINDS trainees to positions within our 

mail processing operations and will continue to work with MINDS to train and employ prospective candidates to augment 

our operations.



Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

48

TRANSFORMATIONAL

GROWTH

LAUNCHED

REDESIGNED

We care about the distribution 

of sustainable economic value 

and the important role we play 

in transforming the markets we 

operate in.

We see the importance of building an efficient and all-rounded 

postal service for the communities we serve. At SingPost, we 

recognise the ever-changing business landscape and challenges 

that come along. In sustaining long-term value creation for the 

people and communities we serve, we must continuously innovate 

to maintain a competitive edge as well as provide better products 

and services to meet customer expectations. 

POSTPAL SMART LETTERBOX PILOT

IN DECEMBER 2020

OPERATIONAL WORKFLOWS

FOR OUR WAREHOUSING AND

FULFILMENT BUSINESS

Product and Service Innovation

ESG MATTERS IN THIS PILLAR

“WE SEEK TO 

CONTINUALLY IMPROVE 

AND INNOVATE BECAUSE 

WE PLAY AN IMPORTANT 

ROLE IN HELPING 

OUR CUSTOMERS AND 

PARTNERS SUCCEED”

Mageswaran A/L Arumugam, 

Postman (Woodlands

Delivery Base)








SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

49

PRODUCT 

AND SERVICE 

INNOVATION

Innovation is at the heart of SingPost’s transformation strategy as 

we enhance our adaptability and resilience in the face of a changing 

business landscape. We believe that innovation will boost productivity 

and efficiency within our organisation and bring about quality 

enhancements to our products and services.

OUR CHANGE MAKERS

•  Digital Team

•  Product and Innovation Teams Across Business Units

Perpetual Target

FY2020/21 Progress and Performance

Continue to improve, explore and launch new initiatives in 

our product and service offerings

Launch of PostPal smart letterbox pilot

Innovating for the Customer

Improving Operational Efficiencies

SingPost develops and improves its product and service offerings on 

a regular basis, harnessing state-of-the-art technology to create new 

solutions. 

This year, SingPost officially launched its PostPal smart letterbox 

pilot at two Housing Development Board  ("HDB") blocks at Clementi 

in Singapore (refer to the PostPal case study below) and unveiled 

enhanced features in the SingPost mobile application (see more details 

under the “Customer Satisfaction” section of this Report).

SingPost regularly evaluates the effectiveness of our new initiatives by 

monitoring indicators such as service levels, system responsiveness and 

customer satisfaction. We seek to continue improving our product and 

service offerings on a regular basis.

SmartPost, the digitalisation of SingPost’s postal operations, is a suite 

of technological solutions that aims to raise postal service quality and 

enhance operational efficiency with the use of technologies such as 

Robotics and Near Field Communication ("NFC") tags. 

Machine learning, AI and data analytic technologies have also been 

utilised in the design of this last mile infrastructure as well as 

optimising our operational fleet network. As these technologies are 

increasingly weaved into our operations, we upskill our people and 

ensure that our employees have the technical skillset to support the 

data infrastructure as part of our future pipeline.

OUR TARGETS

The Future of Post

Product and Service Innovation

HARNESSING THE POWER OF TECHNOLOGY TO CREATE AN UNPARALLELED CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE

Digital transformation is the future. SingPost views innovation as key to adapting to the everchanging needs of our stakeholders, and we 

embrace digital technologies to keep up with emerging customer demands and pursuit of efficiency. These strategies are governed by 

our Digital Team, who deliver several cross-functional projects and ensure a seamless migration of physical infrastructure into the digital 

space, paving a path for the future and beyond.

First showcased in September 2019, SingPost’s Future of Post vision represents a significant milestone in Singapore’s postal 

history and is envisaged to transform the nation’s postal system in the next five years. Our digital solutions are built upon the 

reliable and affordable postal services we have provided in Singapore for the past 163 years and look to contribute to Singapore’s 

Smart Nation vision by bringing about new powerful solutions. As a steward of the environment, SingPost also taps on its 

digital capabilities to increase resource efficiency across its product and service offerings. Our innovations such as PostPal also 

contribute to the reduction of carbon emissions from our delivery fleet due to fewer redeliveries required. 

POSTAL


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

50

CAPTURING OPPORTUNITIES AMIDST A GLOBAL SUPPLY CHAIN DISRUPTION

TRANSFORMING THROUGH TECHNOLOGICAL ENHANCEMENTS

MAKING WAY FOR FUTURE DEVELOPMENTS

This year, eCommerce logistics saw a surge in demand due to movement restriction imposed by governments globally to curb 

the spread of COVID-19. Quantium Solutions’ ("QS") campaign management capabilities provided our eCommerce customers 

with a more efficient, versatile and scalable solution to meet such surges in demand. On the international cross-border front, 

we experienced logistics challenges such as air freight connectivity issues to and from Changi Airport. To resolve this, QS  

pivoted towards alternative cross-border solutions enabling minimal disruptions to our customer. 

The same level of adaptability was seen in FPS Global Logistics (“FPS”), SingPost’s freight forwarding subsidiary. This year, 

despite massive reductions to capacity, global equipment shortage, record-high freight rates and port congestions in the face 

of the pandemic, FPS teams across our global network took an entrepreneurial approach to secure capacity and equipment; 

and capture opportunities, all of which allowed FPS to emerge stronger despite the unprecedented operating environment.

As part of SingPost’s overarching re-engineering strategy, we aim to enhance our value by investing in technologies to 

improve efficiencies and enhance our business capabilities. This is exemplified by CouriersPlease (“CP”), one of Australia’s 

leading parcel delivery services, and a subsidiary of SingPost, CP is in the midst of transforming from a traditional parcel 

delivery service into a technology-enabled eCommerce courier company by investing in a range of technology and operational 

enhancements and service initiatives designed to strengthen its customer value proposition. These include the implementation 

of automated sortation, deployment of a new route optimisation application as well as the launch of a self-serve returns portal, 

all of which aim to deliver faster, efficient and reliable service to consumers. 

Recognising that the logistics sector is a major contributor of Australia’s overall carbon emissions, CP commenced an 

environmental strategy to achieve carbon neutrality by 2030. In 2020, CP received LowCO2 Certification from the Carbon 

Reduction Institute. As a result of CouriersPlease’s efforts to improve the environmental impact of their business mode, the 

organisation received the Sustainability Innovation Award as part of the Vendors in Partnership ("VIP") Awards, an industry 

celebration for solution providers who are powering the retail ecosystem.

In the year ahead, SingPost eCommerce Logistics will continue to capitalise on the accelerated eCommerce growth across 

the Asia-Pacific. As we continue to re-engineer our current processes to further enhance customer experience, efficiency and 

scalability, we also aim to expand our warehouse fulfilment footprint in the region and strengthen our capabilities to meet 

growing customer demand. A new cross-border digital platform will also be rolled out to accelerate onboardings, improve 

operations and enhance data visibility to drive business decisions. 

SingPost eCommerce Logistics will also continue to expand into the Business to Business to Consumer (“B2B2C”) space 

on the back of strong demand. With the eCommerce volume surge brought on by COVID-19, there is now further impetus 

for businesses to look for both B2B and B2C capabilities from a single provider. This B2B2C business model is a relatively 

untapped space that presents much potential and SingPost is exploring opportunities to build a strong, integrated network that 

can fulfil both B2B and B2C requirements within Singapore and the wider Asia-Pacific region.

To this end, SingPost acquired a minority stake in Freight Management Holdings ("FMH"), a leading fourth-party logistics 

business in Australia providing integrated, technology-enabled supply chain and distribution solutions. This investment 

allows SingPost to further capitalise on the growing eCommerce segment in Australia while scaling up our B2B2C logistics 

capabilities. Overall, we are well-positioned to build a strong, integrated B2B2C network that can fulfil both B2B and B2C 

requirements for customers within Singapore as well as the wider Asia-Pacific region, especially Australia which is evolving 

into a second home market for the Group.

LOGISTICS

SingPost’s transformation into a leader in eCommerce Logistics in recent years has allowed this business segment to prosper. 

Key to our transformation strategy was a re-alignment of the product-and-service portfolio with increased emphasis on 

simplification, adaptability and customer focus. We have taken an agile approach to capture growth. Coupled with operational 

and process enhancements, these efforts have translated into improved profitability. This is especially critical in a time 

where COVID-19 has presented both risks and opportunities. Major disruptions in global supply chains and logistics network 

arose but we also saw a boom in demand for both domestic in-country and international cross-border eCommerce logistics 

solutions. This required SingPost to be innovative and adaptable to ensure minimal impact to our customers.

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

51

FY2020/21 INITIATIVE

POSTPAL – SINGPOST’S NEXT GENERATION SMART LETTERBOX

As SingPost’s latest postal innovation, the PostPal smart letterbox is able to dispense letters as well as postal packages 

conveniently, securely and efficiently. PostPal is a part of SingPost’s Future of Post vision to build a delivery system and 

infrastructure to transform traditional letter boxes into a cutting-edge digital system to meet the future needs of postal 

landscape. In December 2020, the one-year public trial for PostPal was successfully launched at Block 202 Clementi Ave 6 

followed by a second PostPal rolled out in a neighbouring block a month later in January 2021.

PostPal is equipped with an auto-sorting mechanism capable of accurately sorting and storing mail for individual households 

reducing the postman’s burden or manual sorting as well as helping him save time. It is also customizable and is able to adjust 

to the mail profile of individual blocks. Auto-sorting functionality greatly minimises misdeliveries. The resulting improvement 

in efficiency, also translates to carbon emission reduction. The keyless feature of PostPal also means that residents can 

retrieve their mail by using the SingPost Mobile App in a convenient and secure way, eliminating the need to use a key to 

access traditional letter boxes. Residents using the SingPost app will no longer need to periodically “blind-check” their 

letterboxes, as they will receive mobile notifications whenever mail addressed to them have been delivered to their block’s 

PostPal. The app will also be able to check the exact number of mail items pending collection at any point in time. 

Since the launch of PostPal, SingPost has received positive feedback from stakeholders and is in the process of implementing 

some suggestions from the public including an improved collection door for ease of access, enhanced QR scanner and 

software tweaks. We will continue collecting and evaluating feedback from customers, the insights of which will allow SingPost 

to improve upon this pilot and ultimately serve our customers better.



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 









Keyless, convenient and safe

Residents will be able to retrieve their mail by scanning a unique QR 

code dynamically generated by the SingPost app at their PostPal. This 

QR code veriﬁcation process is easy-to-use, convenient, and 

eliminates the need to manually unlock and lock letterboxes using a 

key that can be lost or duplicated. Residents can also use the app to 

authorise trusted individuals to collect mail on their behalf.

Mail receipt notifications

Residents using the SingPost app will no longer need to 

periodically "blind-check" their letterboxes, as they will 

receive mobile notiﬁcations whenever mail addressed to their 

residence is deposited within their PostPal. The app will also 

be able to check the exact number of mail items pending 

collection at any point in time.

Customisable

Storage modules within PostPal 

can be easily adjusted to the mail 

proﬁle of individual residential 

blocks.

Auto-sorting

Each PostPal is 

equipped with an 

auto-sorting machine 

capable of accurately 

arranging and storing 

mail for individual 

residences. This greatly 

minimises misdeliveries 

due to human error 

while signiﬁcantly 

relieving the postman's 

daily burden.

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

52

APPENDICES

Energy and GHG Emissions 

Methodology 

Total energy consumption within SingPost, reported by segment (i.e. Post &amp; Parcel, Logistics, Others)

•  Fuel consumption: Total fuel consumption within SingPost, expressed in joules or multiples. This includes motor gasoline and

    diesel oil used for vehicles owned or under SingPost’s operational control and excludes subcontractors’ operations.

•  Electricity consumption: Total electricity consumption within SingPost, expressed in watt-hours, joules or multiples. This includes 

    electricity used for leased space, buildings owned and under SingPost’s operational control, and excludes tenant space.

103-1

102-49

102-48

102-46

302-1

103-2

305-1

103-3

305-2

ENERGY CONSUMPTION WITHIN SINGPOST

Note: Restatements were made for some of FY2019/20’s data to reflect greater accuracy, as detailed below:

•  Electricity consumption in the Post &amp; Parcel segment has been updated to reflect a correction made to the consumption amount for 

    SingPost Centre which previously excluded the retail segment and included tenants’ consumption, as well as to the consumption amount 

    at one of our Regional Delivery Bases.

•  Electricity consumption in the Logistics segment has been updated to include electricity consumption from the Lock+Store subsidiary. 

The following presents the scope and boundaries across the financial years for both fuel and electricity consumption:

FY2018/19

FY2019/20

FY2020/21

Post &amp; Parcel

Airmail Transit Centre 

Mail deliveries 

Post Offices (56)*

*Excluding General Post Office. 

Temporary closure of Thomson Post 

Office due to renovation works in Q4.

Post Offices (55)*

*Excluding General Post Office. 

Post Offices (56)*

*Excluding General Post Office. 

Regional Delivery Bases (7)

SingPost Centre

•  Corporate Headquarters

•  Data Centre

•  Mail Processing Centre

•  Delivery Base

•  General Post Office

•  Leased retail stores

SP Parcels activities and locations*

*In FY2018/19, SP Parcels was moved from the Logistics segment to the Post &amp; Parcel segment

Logistics

SingPost Regional eCommerce Logistics Hub

FPS Global Logistics activities and locations (3)

Quantium Solutions activities 

and locations (3)*

• Regional eCommerce 

Logistics Hub

• 70 ALPS Avenue**

• 20 Gul Way***

*Excluding Airmail Transit Centre.

**Closure of operations at 70 ALPS 

Avenue in Q3.

***Commencement of operations at 20 

Gul Way in Q1.

Quantium Solutions activities and locations (2)*

• Regional eCommerce Logistics Hub

• 20 Gul Way

*Excluding Airmail Transit Centre. 

Lock+Store activities and locations (13)

Others

Group technology offsites (2)

Properties leased out (2)


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

53

Greenhouse gas (“GHG”) refers to gas that contributes to the greenhouse effect by absorbing infrared radiation. SingPost adopts the use 

of the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard and accounts for its direct (Scope 1) and energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG 

emissions using the operational control criteria. 

•  Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions: GHG emissions from combustion of fuel used for vehicles and equipment owned or under SingPost’s 

operational control. Carbon dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4) and nitrous oxide (N2O) were included in the GHG emissions calculation and 

expressed in carbon dioxide equivalents (CO2e).

GHG emissions were calculated using the default emissions factors from the 2006 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ("IPCC") 

Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories and the respective global warming potential ("GWP") on a 100-year time horizon from 

the 2014 IPCC Fifth Assessment Report.

EMA’s methodologies for the compilation of the GEF are based on the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change 

("UNFCCC") Clean Development Mechanism ("CDM") Methodological Tool. The GEF measures the average CO2 emissions emitted per 

unit net electricity generated. It is calculated using the Average Operating Margin ("OM") method, the generation-weighted average CO2 

emissions per unit of net electricity generation of all generating power plants serving the electricity grid. (Source: EMA)

Note: Restatements were made for some of FY2019/20’s data to reflect greater accuracy, as detailed below:

•   Direct (Scope 1) emissions in the Post &amp; Parcel segment has been updated to reflect a correction made to the amount of gas/diesel oil in 

SingPost Centre.

• Energy Indirect (Scope 2) emissions in the Post &amp; Parcel segment has been updated to reflect a correction made to the consumption 

amount for SingPost Centre which previously excluded the retail segment and included tenants’ consumption, as well as to the 

consumption amount at one of our Regional Delivery Bases.

• Energy Indirect (Scope 2) emissions in the Logistics segment has been updated to include electricity consumption from the          

Lock+Store subsidiary. 

•  Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions: GHG emissions that result from the generation of purchased electricity used for offices 

and buildings owned or under SingPost’s operational control and excludes tenant space. Carbon dioxide (CO2) is included in the GHG 

emissions calculation.

GHG emissions were calculated using the grid emissions factors ("GEF") sourced from the Singapore Energy Statistics, the Energy Market 

Authority’s ("EMA") annual publication on energy statistics in Singapore.

GREENHOUSE GAS (“GHG”) EMISSIONS

Type of Combustion

Emissions Source

Emissions Factor

Unit

References

Mobile Combustion

Motor Gasoline

70.92

tonnes CO2e/TJ

2006 IPCC Guidelines for 

National Greenhouse Gas 

Inventories

2014 IPCC Fifth Assess-

ment Report (AR5)

Gas/Diesel Oil

75.24

tonnes CO2e/TJ

Stationary

Combustion

Gas/Diesel Oil

74.34

tonnes CO2e/TJ

Emissions Source

SingPost’s Reporting 

Year

Emissions Factor

Unit

References

Electricity Generation

(Singapore Grid)

FY2018/19

0.4192

kgCO2/kWh

EMA, Singapore GEF 2017

FY2019/20

0.4188

kgCO2/kWh

EMA, Singapore GEF 2018

FY2020/21

0.4085

kgCO2/kWh

EMA, Singapore GEF 2019

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

54

GRI Standards

GRI Standards Disclosures

Responses and/or References

Identified Omissions 

and Reasons for 

Omissions

GRI 102 (2016): 

General 

Disclosures

Organisational Profile

102-1

Name of the organisation

Singapore Post Limited

-

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

AR: 24-32, 202, 209-215

SR: 6

W: Our Businesses

-

102-3

Location of headquarters

Singapore

-

102-4

Location of operations

AR: 207-215

SR: 5

-

102-5

Ownership and legal form

AR: 35, 174-179, 226-227

SR: 6

-

102-6

Markets served

AR: 207-215

-

102-7

Scale of the organisation

AR: 43-44 

SR: 23

W: Business Solutions 

-

102-8

Information on employees and other 

workers

SR: 23

-

102-9

Supply chain

SR: 38-40

-

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and 

its supply chain

AR: 10-13, 24-32, 36-39, 

141-145, 150-153

SR: 3, 11-13

-

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

AR: 52-54, 66-68, 82-89

SR: 30, 34-36

-

102-12

External initiatives

AR: 76-82

SR: 8, 21

-

102-13

Membership of associations

AR: 76-82

-

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

AR: 10-13

SR: 3

-

Ethics and Integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of 

behavior

SR: 27-28,

-

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about 

ethics 

AR: 69-70

SR: 28

W: Whistleblowing 

-

The GRI Content Index summarises the GRI Standards Disclosures mapped across our material ESG topics. References are also provided 

to direct readers to the key pages within this Sustainability Report and SingPost’s Annual Report FY2020/21, which can be found on the 

SingPost website at https://www.singpost.com/about-us/investor-relations/annual-reports. 

The full GRI Standards is available on the GRI website at https://www.globalreporting.org/standards.

GRI Content Index

Legend :

AR: SingPost Annual Report FY2020/21 SR: SingPost Sustainability Report FY2020/21 W: SingPost Corporate Website

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

55

GRI Standards

GRI Standards Disclosures

Responses and/or References

Identified Omissions 

and Reasons for 

Omissions

GRI 102 (2016): 

General 

Disclosures

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

AR: 52-55, 83-84

SR: 7

-

102-19

Delegating authority  

AR: 51-55, 66-70, 83-84

SR: 7

-

102-20

Executive-level responsibility for economic, 

environmental and social topics

SR: 7

-

102-22

Composition of the highest governance body 

and its committees

AR: 16-19, 52-55, 218-225

-

102-23

Chair of the highest governance body

AR: 16, 57-60

-

102-24

Nominating and selecting the highest 

governance body

AR: 60-62

-

102-25

Conflicts of interest

AR: 52, 55-62, 69-70,

       218-225

-

102-26

Role of the highest governance body in 

setting purpose, values, and strategy

AR: 51-55

SR: 7

-

102-27

Collective knowledge of highest governance 

body

AR: 56

-

102-28

Evaluating the highest governance body’s 

performance

AR: 55, 60-62

-

102-30

Effectiveness of risk management processes 

AR: 51-55, 66-68, 83-84

-

102-32

Highest governance body’s role in 

sustainability reporting

SR: 7

-

102-35

Remuneration policies

AR: 54, 62-66, 97-101

-

102-36

Process for determining remuneration

AR: 54, 62-66, 97-101

-

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

AR: 76-80

SR: 8

-

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Over 50% of our permanent 

staff are covered by 

collective bargaining 

agreement. 

-

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

AR: 76-80

SR: 8

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

AR: 76-80

SR: 8

-

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

AR: 76-80

SR: 8

-

Reporting Practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated 

financial statements

AR: 208-215

-

102-46

Defining report content and topic boundaries

AR: 76-80

SR: 5, 9

-

102-47

List of material topics

SR: 9

-

102-48

Restatements of information

SR: 18, 23

-

102-49

Changes in reporting

SR: 52-53

-

102-50

Reporting period

SR: 5

-

102-51

Date of most recent report

SR: 5

-

102-52

Reporting cycle

SR: 5

-

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the 

report

SR: 5

-

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the 

GRI Standards

SR: 5

-

102-55

GRI content index

SR: 54-57

-

102-56

External assurance

SR: 5

-

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

56

Topic-specific Disclosures

GRI Standards

GRI Standards Disclosures

Responses and/or 

References

Identified Omissions 

and Reasons for 

Omissions 

Material Matter: Energy Consumption and Associated Greenhouse Gas Emissions  

GRI 103 (2016): 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

SR: 15-19, 52-53

-

103-2

The management approach and its components

SR: 15-19, 52-53

-

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

SR: 15-19, 52-53

-

GRI 302 (2016): 

Energy 

302-1

Energy consumption within the organisation

SR: 18

-

GRI 305 (2016): 

Emissions 

305-1

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

SR: 19

-

305-2

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

SR: 19

-

Material Matter: Compliance with Laws and Regulations  

GRI 103 (2016): 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

SR: 24-26

-

103-2

The management approach and its components

SR: 24-26

-

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

SR: 24-26

-

GRI 307 (2016): 

Environmental 

Compliance

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental 

laws and regulations

SR: 24

-

GRI 416 (2016): 

Customer Health 

and Safety 

416-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning the 

health and safety impacts of products 

and services

SR: 24

-

GRI 417 (2016): 

Marketing and 

Labeling

417-2

Incidents of non-compliance concerning product 

and service information and labeling

SR: 24

-

417-3

Incidents of non-compliance concerning 

marketing communications

SR: 24

-

GRI 419 (2016): 

Socioeconomic 

Compliance

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the 

social and economic area

SR: 24

-

Material Matter: Ethics, Anti-bribery and Corruption    

GRI 103 (2016): 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

SR: 27-28

-

103-2

The management approach and its components

SR: 27-28

-

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

SR: 27-28

-

GRI 205 (2016): 

Anti-corruption

205-2

Communication and training about

anti-corruption policies and procedures

SR: 27

-

205-3

Confirmed incidents of corruption and 

actions taken 

SR: 27

-

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

57

GRI Standards

GRI Standards Disclosures

Responses and/or 

References

Identified Omissions 

and Reasons for 

Omissions 

Material Matter: Data Security and Privacy

GRI 103 (2016): 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

SR: 29-33

-

103-2

The management approach and its components

SR: 29-33

-

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

SR: 29-33

-

GRI 418 (2016): 

Customer Privacy

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 

customer privacy and losses of customer data 

SR: 29

-

Material Matter: Business Continuity Planning   

GRI 103 (2016): 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

SR: 34-36

-

103-2

The management approach and its components

SR: 34-36

-

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

SR: 34-36

-

Material Matter: Responsible Supply Chain

GRI 103 (2016): 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

SR: 38-40

-

103-2

The management approach and its components

SR: 38-40

-

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

SR: 38-40

-

GRI 308 (2016): 

Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment

308-1

New suppliers that were screened using 

environmental criteria   

SR: 38

-

GRI 414 (2016): 

Supplier Social 

Assessment

414-1

New suppliers that were screened using 

social criteria

SR: 38

-

Material Matter: Customer Satisfaction

GRI 103 (2016): 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

SR: 41-45

-

103-2

The management approach and its components

SR: 41-45

-

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

SR: 41-45

-

Material Matter: Product and Service Innovation 

GRI 103 (2016): 

Management 

Approach

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its boundary

SR: 49-51

-

103-2

The management approach and its components

SR: 49-51

-

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

SR: 49-51

-

Corporate

Sustainability at SingPost 

Planet Positive

Operational Excellence

Societal Responsibility

Transformational Growth

Appendices


SingPost Sustainability Report 2020/21

58



SINGAPORE POST LIMITED

Co. Reg. No. 199201623M

Registered Office:10 Eunos Road 8,

Singapore Post Centre, Singapore 408600

www.singpost.com

