
Singtel Group 

Sustainability 

Report 2018





Singtel Group 

Sustainability Report 

2018


Overview

Environment

Social

Governance

EXCELLENCE

This is the fourth Group Sustainability Report (SR2018) by Singapore 

Telecommunications Limited (Singtel). It covers the Environmental, 

Social and Governance (ESG) and sustainability strategies, initiatives 

and performance of our operations in Singapore, where Singtel is 

headquartered, and Optus, our wholly-owned subsidiary in Australia,  

for the financial year 1 April 2017 to 31 March 2018 (FY2018). 

All data, statistics and improvement targets are in relation to 

the Group’s operations in Singapore and Australia unless stated 

otherwise. Group-level figures are in Singapore dollars, using the 

exchange rate of A$1 to S$1.0489. No restatements were made from 

the previous report except Terabyte related figures of Optus and the 

Singtel Group for 2016 and 2017 in the Environmental Performance 

Indicators on Page 18. There were no significant changes to the 

organisation and our supply chain during the reporting cycle. 

This report captures the highlights and achievements of FY2018 

and should be read together with Singtel Sustainability and 

Sustainability Report 2018 webpages, which contain our corporate 

sustainability information and additional annexes like GRI Index and 

EY assurance statement.

Optus continues to produce a standalone Sustainability Report 

on our sustainability programmes and performance in Australia. 

Our key local and regional Associates, SingPost, AIS, Bharti Airtel, 

Globe and Telkomsel also report on their various corporate sustainability 

programmes in the communities they operate in. Please refer to their 

respective websites and reports to read about their initiatives.

Overview

About this Report and Contents

Key Highlights FY2018

1

01

Message from Chairman and Group CEO

2

02

Sustainability at Singtel

4

2020 Targets

6

UN Sustainability Development Goals

8

Environment

03

Environment

11

Climate Change and Carbon

Product Stewardship

Environmental Performance Indicators

Social

04

People

19

Diversity

Human Capital Development

People Performance Indicators

05

Community

28

Inclusion of Vulnerable Groups

Digital Citizenship and Online Safety

Governance

06

Marketplace and Customers

35

Customer Experience

Ethical and Responsible Business Practices

GRI STANDARDS

This report has been prepared in accordance with 

the GRI Standards: Core option.

EXTERNAL ASSURANCE

We have engaged Ernst &amp; Young to 

independently assure a selection of 

our key ESG disclosures. 

The assurance statement can be read here.

FEEDBACK

We are fully committed to listening to our 

stakeholders and we welcome feedback on 

this report and any aspect of our sustainability 

performance. Please address all feedback 

to Vice President, Group Sustainability, at 

sustainability@singtel.com. 

About this Report and Contents



0

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018


1

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Key Highlights FY2018

Environment

First company in Asia (ex-Japan) to commit and have 

carbon reduction targets approved by Science Based 

Targets initiative (SBTi)

A- score in CDP 2017, highest scoring 

telecommunications company in Hong Kong and 

Southeast Asia region

Among the ﬁrst companies globally committed to 

supporting the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 

Disclosures (TCFD)

Marketplace and Customers

Highest ranked company in Singapore listed in the 

Corporate Knights Global 100 Most Sustainable 

Corporations 2018 in the World 

Highest ranked company in Singapore in the 

Governance and Transparency Index 2017

Included in World’s Most Ethical Companies 2018

for the eighth consecutive year 

Published our Singtel Group Anti-Bribery and Corruption 

Policy that complements our Code of Conduct

Total capital investment of S$2.35 billion in Singapore 

and Australia

Optus became a member of Supply Nation, a direct 

business-to-business purchasing link between corporate 

Australia and Indigenous-owned businesses

$

People

34% of our workforce is female, with 26% of female 

employees in Middle and Top Management

Optus was named one of the Top 100 Graduate Employers 

in 2018 (Grad Connection)

 

One of the ﬁrst companies in Singapore to pilot the 

SkillsFuture for Digital Workplace training programme

to raise the digital literacy and build future skills for

our workforce    

Community

Community investment of S$17.1 million in Singapore 

and Australia

Our Singtel Group Digital Citizenship programmes have 

supported more than 140,000 students to be digitally 

safe and responsible online

Donate Your Data enabled Australian customers to 

donate their unused mobile data to The Smith Family, 

with 1,500 customers contributing data and matched by 

Optus to help 400 beneﬁciary students 

Advocating and scaling collaboration for inclusive 

employment with six Singtel executives mentoring six 

tertiary students with disabilities 

Our eighth annual overseas volunteering programme 

extended from the Philippines and Thailand to India

for the ﬁrst time 

EXCELLENCE

Clinched four HRM 2018 Awards: SIM Award for Best 

Talent Management Practices for companies with more 

than 500 staf, Best Leadership Development, Best 

Diversity and Inclusion Strategies, and Outstanding 

Contribution to HR

Listed on Thomson Reuters IX Global Diversity and 

Inclusion Index 2017

Training investment of S$30.7 million in Singapore and 

Australia in FY2018 

Achieved improvement in electricity intensity of

151 kWh/TB from 187 kWh/TB last year

Estimated carbon emissions avoidance of 

16,580 tCO2e/year through the adoption of

key energy programmes in FY2018

Singtel Group Future Makers covering Australia, Singapore 

and the Philippines ofered over S$500,000 grants and 

non-monetary support to 19 ﬁnalists


Overview

Environment

Social

Governance

EXCELLENCE

2

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018





We are glad to have deepened the Singtel Group’s 

commitments to sustainable development in the past 

year, playing a leadership role in various aspects of 

sustainability, both locally and internationally, that are 

aligned with the UN Sustainable Development Goals.

The Singtel Board and Management, through our 

stakeholder engagement and materiality assessment, 

had earlier identified many key trends and topics that 

our internal and external stakeholders are concerned 

with, such as customer data privacy and protection, 

climate change and cyber bullying. We have always 

viewed such risks and concerns as important 

opportunities to strengthen our risk management, and 

create value and long-term growth for our organisation. 

The Board continues to provide oversight with the 

support of the Singtel Management Committee and 

Risk Management Committee where these material 

environmental, social and governance (ESG) topics  

are reviewed. 

Below are highlights of some of our achievements and 

next steps, with more details within this fourth Singtel 

Group Sustainability Report 2018.

Leaving the smallest environmental footprint

In October 2017, Singtel became the first company 

in Asia Pacific (ex-Japan) to have our carbon targets 

formally approved by the Science Based Targets 

initiative. The initiative is aimed at carbon reduction 

alongside global commitments to cap temperature rise 

to under 2°C. 

Setting this target was possible as we have over the 

years improved our own understanding and disclosure 

Message from Chairman 

and Group CEO

01

SIMON ISRAEL 

Chairman

CHUA SOCK KOONG 

Group CEO

of our carbon footprint. CDP, the international 

organisation which oversees carbon disclosures, 

recently recognised Singtel with a score of A- for our 

carbon disclosure, making us one of two ‘Leadership’ 

companies in Singapore on its list. 

In June 2017, Singtel became one of the first companies 

globally to endorse the climate risk reporting framework 

recommended by the Task Force on Climate-related 

Financial Disclosures, or TCFD. It provides a useful 

framework for us to engage our major investors who 

are interested in this topic. This also builds on the 

work we began a few years ago in climate change 

adaptation and resilience planning, carbon disclosures 

and other aspects of environmental risk management 

and reporting. 

We continued to progress our sustainable supply 

chain programme with the engagement and ESG risk 

assessment of the next tier of 51–100 top suppliers. We 

have also aligned our supply chain risk categories and 

principles with our regional associates which enables 

the Singtel Group of companies in Singapore, Australia 

and the region to engage our suppliers consistently 

when it comes to managing our respective ESG risks. 

A Future-Ready, Diverse and Inclusive Workforce

With rapid changes in technology, businesses and 

operating models are constantly facing the threat of 

digital disruption. To ready our leaders for this new 

economy, we have launched a range of new initiatives 

in Singapore and Australia to drive collaboration and 

solve business challenges. We were among the first 

corporates to implement the SkillsFuture for Digital 

Workplace training programme, a national initiative to 


3

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

In 2017, our social innovation programme, Singtel 

Future Makers, then in its second year, was completed 

successfully at regional level with support from Singtel, 

Optus and Globe. This culminated in the Singtel Group 

Future Makers where six start-ups from Singapore, 

Australia and the Philippines pitched their ideas for 

further support at the Impact Investment Summit 

Asia Pacific held in Sydney in November. They went 

on to receive additional funding support from the 

Group to develop their technologies to create socially 

impactful businesses. We are glad this platform 

triggered partnerships and collaborations in the larger 

ecosystem, including non-profits and other corporates. 

Continuing our sustainability journey

We are heartened that our efforts in corporate 

sustainability have proven impactful. Singtel was 

included in the World’s Most Ethical Companies 2018 

for the eighth straight year by Ethisphere and ranked 

for the second year running in Corporate Knight’s 100 

World’s Most Sustainable Corporations. We are now the 

top ranked Singapore company and second highest 

ranking for the global telco sector in Global 100. These 

recognitions tell us we are on the right path.

On behalf of the Board and Management of Singtel, 

we would like to thank all our staff, partners and 

stakeholders who have been with us throughout 

our sustainability journey. We look forward to your 

continued engagement, partnership and support.

equip Singaporeans with the necessary digital skills to 

navigate the future economy. 

Diversity and inclusion remain a key focus for us. We 

continued our efforts to increase the representation 

of women in senior leadership and key technical roles 

especially in Australia. Besides supporting disability 

employment, we recognise the need to make our 

various touchpoints and services more accessible to 

customers with disabilities.

Enabling the most connected communities

During the year, we continued to broaden the reach 

and impact of our strategic community programmes, 

which are based on advocacy and education, digital 

innovations and partnerships. 

Our ongoing digital citizenship and cyber wellness 

programmes have reached over 430,000 students in 

Singapore and Australia since 2013. We are well on 

track to meet our target of half a million students by 

2020. As part of our strategic partnership with social 

enterprise DQ Institute, we will roll out to all primary 

schools in Singapore a new #DQEveryChild online 

programme, which enables children to learn about 

cyber safety issues and values while assessing their 

Digital Intelligence Quotient or DQ. #DQEveryChild is 

endorsed by the World Economic Forum and used by 

OECD and UNESCO. 

We published an impact assessment report for the last 

three years of our Optus Digital Thumbprint programme 

in Australia. A DQ Singapore National Report was also 

recently released. Details and findings of both reports 

are available on our website.

Our community skill-based volunteering programmes 

focusing on disabled and vulnerable youth in Singapore 

and Australia continued to make headway, especially in 

mobilising other companies to adopt a similar approach. 

Our involvement in the Singapore Business Network 

on DisAbility, which Singtel is a founding member and 

the co-chair, has seen many of our departments and 

staff volunteers supporting the various meaningful 

programmes by national disability agency SG Enable. 

Our innovative Pathways to Employment programme 

which mentors vulnerable youth from the Australian 

Business and Community Network and other youth-

based charities has begun to translate into positive 

outcomes – with our business hiring ten of them into 

retail positions. We have similarly pipelined Indigenous 

mentees in our World Vision Young MOB programme.





SIMON ISRAEL 

Chairman

CHUA SOCK KOONG 

Group CEO


4

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Overview

Environment

Social

Governance

EXCELLENCE

The Smallest

Footprint

Our Greatest

Asset

The Best

Experience

The Most

Connected

Communities

Product

Stewardship

The

Best

Talent

The Highest

Quality Service

and Products

Ethical and

Responsible

Practices

A Diverse and

Inclusive

Workplace

Health and

Safety

Always #1

Climate

Change and

Carbon

Digital

Citizenship

Inclusion and

Well-being

Education and

Employment

Sustainability

Framework

Sustainability at Singtel

02

The Singtel Group is committed to creating sustainable and long-

term business growth, while leading and shaping positive change for 

our marketplace and customers, the communities we operate in, our 

people and the environment.

Sustainability Strategy

As a leading communications technology company, we improve lives for our customers, connect people, create jobs 

and opportunities while making a difference to the wider community through our network investments, innovations 

and the skills and passion of our people. We developed and constantly review our sustainability strategy in view of 

the risks and opportunities we face today and foresee in the horizon. Our sustainability strategy focuses on four key 

pillars: Environment, People, Community, and Marketplace and Customers.

Governance Structure and ESG Accountability

Sustainability is governed across various levels in the organisation – from the Board and Management to the 

business units and working groups. To embed sustainability across the organisation, we reward our management on 

various Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) KPIs which form part of their balanced scorecard. For example, 

the Singtel Group CEO has specific ESG KPIs tied to her performance-based compensation such as creating a 

bigger impact in the four areas of our community strategy: enabling innovation, digital citizenship, volunteerism and 

community involvement, and ensuring health and safety considerations in corporate processes and decision-making. 

Please see our website for further details on how we govern sustainability at Singtel.


5

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality Review

Regular engagement with our stakeholders provides a core input for determining our material focus areas. 

We engage a number of stakeholders to understand their concerns and emerging priorities. This keeps us 

agile and allows us the opportunity to initiate collaboration and be part of formulating or facilitating a solution. 

Last year, we conducted a refresh of our materiality review based on four key metrics; our ongoing stakeholder 

engagement, an in-depth survey with management and external stakeholders, life cycle analysis and peer review 

exercise. The Group-wide assessment was conducted based on the GRI Standards’ materiality principle for defining 

report content and aimed to identify any shift in priorities and emerging areas of concern. The findings yielded three 

new material topics – anti-corruption, diversity and waste management – and customer data privacy and protection 

became the most important topic for the Group. 

Details of our stakeholder engagement, materiality assessment process, value chain assessment 

and life-cycle analysis can be found on our website.

UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)

We had earlier identified 11 SDGs where we create an impact through our operations, initiatives and programmes.  

We have commenced a more scientific approach to prioritise which SDGs we should focus on, down to the target 

level. The prioritisation exercise will identify SDG targets that require most attention in countries of our operations 

and supply chains, and more importantly where we can create the most impact as a leading communications 

technology company. 

Singtel Group Materiality Matrix

Importance to Stakeholders

Low

Low

Medium

Innovation

Training and education

Talent attraction and retention

Customer health and safety

Fair marketing

communications

High

Medium

Environment

People

Community

Marketplace and Customers

Sustainability Pillars

High

Signiﬁcance of Impact

Customer data privacy

and protection

Diversity

Digital citizenship and 

online safety

Inclusion of

vulnerable groups

Waste management

Supply chain management

Climate change and carbon

Customer satisfaction

Anti-corruption

Product and service quality

Employee health and safety


6

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Overview

Environment

Social

Governance

EXCELLENCE

We have set the following five-year 2020 targets for the 

Singtel Group across our four sustainability pillars.

Environment

To manage and minimise our environmental footprint 

across our business value chain

TOP MATERIAL ISSUES

2020 TARGET

FY2018 ACHIEVEMENTS

Climate Change

and Carbon

Reduce our carbon emissions intensity of kWh/

TB by 30% by 2020 and 50% by 2030 using 

2015 as baseline

SBTi approved 2030 absolute carbon reduction 

target of 42% for Scope 1 and 2 and 30% 

reduction for Scope 3 from 2015 baseline

We delivered better data and carbon efficiency 

on our networks where we achieved 56% 

improvement in our intensity measure of 

kWh/TB against baseline year of FY2015. 

We also have our absolute carbon reduction 

targets approved by SBTi. (page 14, 18)

Waste 

Management

At least 80% of waste generated within our 

operation disposed via reuse, recycling or 

incineration with energy recovered

73% of waste generated within our operation 

disposed via reuse, recycling or incineration 

with energy recovered. (page 15)

People

To be an admired employer known for fair and inclusive employment 

practices which promote diversity and equal opportunity

TOP MATERIAL ISSUES

2020 TARGET

FY2018 ACHIEVEMENTS

Diversity

At least 30% of female employees in Middle 

and Top Management 

26% of female employees in Middle and Top 

Management. Won HRM Awards 2018 - Best 

Diversity and Inclusion Strategies. Supported 

the revision of Tripartite Guidelines on Re-

employment from 65 to 67 years old. 

(page 20-21)

Talent Attraction

and Retention

Increase 2% pipeline and intake for

management associates and cadets,

improve gender mix and retention of

talent pool by 2% YOY using 2015 as

baseline

Launched SCORE+ in Singapore and 

Enterprise Leadership programme in Australia. 

Awarded S$2.7 million in scholarships 

and apprenticeships to 72 university and 

polytechnic students. (page 22-24)

Training and

Education

Training investment of S$100 million

between 2016 and 2020

Total training investment of S$30.7 million. 

(page 23-24)

Cumulative S$77.9 million of training 

investment since FY2016

Employee Health

and Safety

Zero fatality rate

Zero fatality rate. Set up a new Health and Wellness 

Committee to look at employee wellness agenda in a 

strategic manner. (page 25)

2020 Targets


7

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Community

To enable the inclusion and well-being of people, and help them realise their 

potential through our digital technologies and innovative programmes

TOP MATERIAL ISSUES

2020 TARGET

FY2018 ACHIEVEMENTS

Inclusion of

Vulnerable

Groups

Community investment of S$100

million to support vulnerable persons

through our various enabling and

inclusion programmes between 2016

and 2020

Community investment of S$17.1 million. 

(page 28-30)

Cumulative S$69.5 million of community 

investment since FY2016

Digital

Citizenship and

Online Safety

Reach at least half a million students,

parents and educators in Singapore and

Australia through our digital citizenship

and outreach programmes between

2016 and 2020

Our digital citizenship programmes reached 

about 140,000 students in Singapore and 

Australia. (page 31-33)

Cumulative &gt;300,000 students reached since 

FY2016.

Marketplace and Customers

To be recognised as a responsible and innovative market leader 

who offers excellent customer experience

TOP MATERIAL ISSUES

2020 TARGET

FY2018 ACHIEVEMENTS

Customer

Satisfaction

Lead in ‘Customer Experience’ in major

customer satisfaction measurement tools

and indices over tier one telcos in Singapore

and Australia

Maintained top spot on the Customer 

Satisfaction Index of Singapore (CSISG) - mobile 

sector - from 2013 to 2017. Won seven awards 

at the Customer Experience Management Asia 

Summit 2017. (page 35)

Product and

Service Quality

Invest in our networks to meet and exceed the 

quality of service standards set by the relevant 

local authorities while addressing the topic of 

long-term climate change adaptation

Total capital investment of S$2.35 billion.  

(page 36)

Cumulative S$6.54 billion of capital investment 

since FY2016

Innovation

Continue to develop new digital business 

and services that take advantage of industry 

changes, leveraging our assets like customer 

knowledge and intelligent networks, as well as 

mobile data growth across our markets

Continued to drive innovation at both our core 

and digital businesses through partnerships, 

acquisitions and organic innovation. Successful 

regional launch of our social innovation 

programme Singtel Group Future Makers. 

(page 37)

Customer Health

and Safety

Maintain 100% compliance with RF radiation 

levels and safety guidelines set by local 

regulators and ICNIRP

100% compliant. (page 39)

Customer Data

Privacy and

Protection

Uphold the highest standards of customer data 

privacy protection and ensure compliance by 

our supply chain

Introduced Data Protection Impact Assessment 

process and issued comprehensive guidelines 

to help staff comply with PDPA in Singapore. 

(page 39)

Fair Marketing

Communications

Uphold the highest standards of professional 

values and integrity

Adherence to various laws and guidelines such 

as Singapore Code of Advertising Practice, 

IMDA Codes of Practice and Guidelines and 

PDPA. (page 40)

Anti-Corruption

Uphold and adhere to the Group’s zero 

tolerance policy towards fraud, corruption and 

unethical actions

Zero tolerance policy towards fraud, corruption 

and unethical actions. Published our Singtel 

Group Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy.  

(page 40-41)

Sustainable

Supply Chain

Management

To become an industry leader in this area by 2020:

• 100% contracted procurement spend in line with  

 

Singtel Group sustainable procurement policy

• Drive responsible business practices across  

 

our supply chain in the areas of human and  

 

labour rights as well as environment

Surveyed our top 51-100 suppliers on eight key 

ESG categories. Security Compliance Assessment 

on offshore facilities of 14 high risk suppliers. 

Conducted over 2,000 site inspections of our 

contractors. (page 41-42)

EXCELLENCE


8

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Overview

Environment

Social

Governance

EXCELLENCE

With the launch of the UN SDGs 2030 in 2015, we have mapped how 

our key focus and programmes relate to these goals, and the areas that 

we believe we have most impact as a business. The table below shows 

some of our key efforts and programmes in relation to the key SDGs.

UN Sustainable Development Goals

SDG

SINGTEL GROUP'S POSITION

SINGTEL GROUP'S EFFORTS AND PROGRAMMES

Goal 3: Good Health

and Well-being

Ensure healthy lives and 

promote well-being for all at 

all ages

The Singtel Group views any 

potential risk to the health 

and safety of our stakeholders 

seriously, and we actively 

promote health, safety and 

well-being at the workplace 

and in the broader community.

Workplace health and safety: 

We provide a safe work environment for our people and 

actively promote awareness of workplace health and 

safety. We set up a new Health and Wellness Committee 

in Singapore to look at our employee wellness agenda. In 

Australia, we continue to run ‘Healthy Minds’, a workplace 

mental well-being programme aimed at creating a 

psychologically healthy workplace. (page 24-25)  

Digital citizenship: 

Our efforts in cyber wellness and digital citizenship are the 

cornerstone of the well-being and safety agenda. (page 31-33)  

Electromagnetic energy: 

We monitor research findings on EME and comply with 

ICNIRP and ARPANSA standards. In Singapore, we engage 

NEA to conduct EME measurements at locations of concern. 

In Australia, we design and deploy our network to comply 

with the relevant Federal Government mandated exposure 

standards. (page 39)

Goal 4: Quality Education

Ensure inclusive and equitable 

quality education and promote

lifelong learning opportunities 

for all

The Singtel Group has an 

important role in enabling the 

progress, development and

inclusion of vulnerable 

segments of the society 

through the support 

of education and skills 

development opportunities.

Staff training and development: 

We invest heavily in skills training, education and 

development of our people. To address emerging industry 

needs, we have set up a Future of Work team to drive 

digital initiatives to support our strategy roadmap of Work, 

Workforce and Workplace. (page 22-24)

Vulnerable children and youth: 

We support the education of children with special needs, 

at-risk youth and young people transiting to the workforce. 

(page 28-34)

Digital citizenship: 

We actively promote responsible digital citizenship. We 

are a strategic partner of the #DQEveryChild learning 

programme which created the world’s first measurement of 

Digital Intelligence Quotient. (page 31-33)

Goal 5: Gender Equality

Achieve gender equality and 

empower all women and girls

The Singtel Group treats 

everyone with respect and 

consideration at all times, 

regardless of gender, age, 

ethnicity, language, cultural 

background, physical ability, 

religious belief and lifestyle 

choice.

Gender representation at work:

Female employees are well represented across all levels 

of the organisation. In Australia, we recognise that more 

female representation is needed in senior leadership 

and technical roles. The Singtel Group has an equitable 

remuneration structure based on work performance without 

gender bias. (page 20, 26-27)

Goal 7: Affordable and

Clean Energy

Increase substantially the 

share of renewable energy in 

the global energy mix

The Singtel Group is 

committed to adopting cleaner 

energy to reduce our reliance 

on fossil fuels.

Sustainable energy sources: 

We explore opportunities in alternative energy forms to 

reduce our grid dependency. Details of our efforts can be 

found at our website. (page 12-13)  

Greening our networks: 

We invest in greening our networks and implement energy 

efficiency programmes. (page 13) 

Singtel Group programmes and UN SDGs


9

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

SDG

SINGTEL GROUP'S POSITION

SINGTEL GROUP'S EFFORTS AND PROGRAMMES

Goal 8: Decent Work

and Economic Growth

Promote sustained, inclusive 

and sustainable economic 

growth, full and productive 

employment and decent work 

for all

The Singtel Group is 

committed to growing with 

our people and making the 

company a vibrant workplace 

across our global operations.

Fair employment:

We employ over 25,000 people worldwide representing 

about 90 different nationalities. We strive to create an open 

and trusting work environment characterised by equal 

opportunity, as well as a diverse, inclusive, collaborative 

and learning culture. We have been a signatory of the UN 

Global Compact since 2007. We also have a sustainable 

supply chain management programme to promote and 

uphold human and labour rights practices among our 

suppliers. (page 19-21, 41-42)

Goal 9: Industry, Innovation 

and Infrastructure

Build resilient infrastructure, 

promote inclusive and 

sustainable industrialisation 

and foster innovation

The Singtel Group innovates 

continuously to stay at the 

forefront to bring the latest 

and the best services to 

our customers, and works 

with changemakers to bring 

creative solutions to solve 

social problems.

Innovation: 

We innovate to bring the latest and the best services 

and experience to our customers. Our social innovation 

programme, the Singtel Group Future Makers, supports 

charities, social entrepreneurs and social enterprises 

that believe technological innovation plays a key role in 

addressing social challenges in Singapore, Australia and 

beyond. (page 36-38) 

Infrastructure: 

We invest in our fixed and mobile networks to offer a 

superior customer experience. We also invest in cyber 

security to protect the ICT infrastructure of our enterprise 

customers as well as training of cyber security and smart 

cities professionals. (page 36, 39-40)  

Goal 10: Reduced Inequality

Reduce inequality within

and among countries

The Singtel Group is 

committed to creating equal 

opportunity for both our 

people and our communities.

Workplace diversity: 

We create an open and trusting workplace environment 

characterised by equal opportunity, as well as a diverse, 

inclusive, collaborative and learning culture. (page 19-21)

Equal opportunity: 

We supported three runs of SG Enable’s 12-week RISE 

Mentorship Programme in Singapore since its launch in 2017. 

Ten executive staff volunteers from various business units 

mentored tertiary students with disabilities. (page 34)

Goal 11: Sustainable Cities and 

Communities

Make cities and human 

settlements inclusive, safe, 

resilient and sustainable

The Singtel Group leverages 

our ICT competence to 

develop solutions that improve 

quality of living, and focuses 

on building a resilient network

infrastructure.

Inclusive smart cities:

We actively support Smart City and Smart Nation visions 

and we are developing a suite of smart home solutions for 

our customers. We conduct workshops for senior citizens 

in Singapore to use smartphones and social media apps, as 

well as online safety tips like protecting their online privacy 

and against scams. We are also a founding partner of the 

Australian Business Roundtable for Disaster Resilience and 

Safer Communities. (page 13, 29)

Goal 12: Responsible 

Consumption and Production

Ensure sustainable 

consumption and production 

patterns

The Singtel Group actively 

monitors our waste management 

practices as part of our business 

operations and environmental 

conservation efforts.

Going green:

We aim to reduce paper use in our business operations 

and actively promote the 3Rs – Reduce, Reuse and 

Recycle – to our people. We provide recycling facilities 

at our retails shops in Singapore and Australia. We have 

a joint e-waste recycling programme in Singapore with 

SingPost. We continue to support the Mobile Muster

programme in Australia. (page 15)

Goal 13: Climate Action

Take urgent action to combat 

climate change and its impacts

The Singtel Group is 

committed to understanding, 

managing and minimising our 

environmental footprint across 

our value chain, including our 

business operations, suppliers 

and customers.

Environmental Focus:

We have set a Science Based Target of reducing our absolute 

carbon footprint by 42% by 2030 across our Singapore and 

Australia operations. The target is aligned with the Paris COP21 

climate deal to keep global warming below 2°C. These targets 

will focus on reducing our Scope 1 and 2 emissions using a 

science based approach. (page 12-17)


10

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Overview

Environment

Social

Governance

EXCELLENCE

SDG 17: Partnerships for the Goals

The Singtel Group believes that social issues are multi-faceted and no individual or single organisation can 

solve them alone. We therefore continuously strive to forge partnerships in the areas of community, cyber 

wellness, disability, environment and social innovation to achieve a multiplier effect and create positive and 

sustainable impact for the communities we operate in.

















We are a founding partner 

of Australian Business 

Roundtable for Disaster 

Resilience and Safer 

Communities and a member 

of Australian Green Cross 

Business Adaptation 

Network, working with other 

companies to help Australian 

communities respond better 

to natural disasters.

We work with National 

Council of Social Service, 

charities, business partners, 

employees and members 

of the public to raise funds 

to support critical and 

specialised education 

programmes for children and 

youth through the Singtel 

Touching Lives Fund.

We work closely with the 

Global Compact Network 

Singapore to advocate 

corporate sustainability 

in Singapore and drive 

collaboration between 

stakeholders in businesses, 

government and civil society 

to create sustainable value 

for the community.

We are a founding member 

of Telco Together Foundation 

in Australia, working in 

collaboration with the telco 

industry to support common 

social causes.

We are the strategic partner of Help123, 

Singapore’s first one-stop cyber wellness 

helpline, initiated by the National Council 

of Social Service and supported by Fei 

Yue Community Services and TOUCH 

Community Services that provide counselling 

services over phone and webchat. 

As the founding member 

of the Singapore Business 

Network on DisAbility, 

we partner like-minded 

corporates to advance 

the agenda of equitable 

employment opportunities 

for persons with disabilities.

Our partnership with The 

Smith Family enables 

disadvantaged youths 

improve their education 

and literacy through 

technology. We recently 

launched Donate Your Data 

and rally our customers to 

donate their unused mobile 

data to these families. 

For our Singtel Group Future 

Makers programme, we forge 

collaboration with major 

players in the social impact 

ecosystem – non-profit and 

social services sector, impact 

investors, corporates and 

staff volunteers – to support 

the work of the social impact 

start-ups.

We are a founding member 

of Australian Business and 

Community Network, a partnership 

between business and community 

to provide structured mentoring 

programme for youths.














11

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Environment 

The Smallest Footprint

03

This year has seen continued progress on our climate agenda at the global and national level. 

The G20 Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) has released 

recommendations to help businesses disclose climate-related financial information. These recommendations 

are a significant step forward in the climate space and we are proud to be among the first companies globally to 

endorse the recommendations and commit to working progressively towards the reporting framework.

In Singapore, the Government has accelerated action with the announcement of the carbon tax and a 

mandatory electrical and electronic waste management system by 2021. It has also named 2018 the ‘Year of 

Climate Action’ for Singapore.

With our ongoing climate mitigation and adaptation roadmap as well as the adoption of Science Based 

Targets and implementation of our energy and carbon reduction programmes, we are preparing the Singtel 

Group to tackle climate related risks and opportunities as well as contribute to keeping global warming 

below the 2°C threshold.

For more details on our approach, please refer to our website. 

We are committed to minimising our environmental impact and 

building operational resilience.

The Smallest

Footprint

Climate Change

and Carbon

Reduce our impact and

prepare for the future

Product

Stewardship

Close the loop on e-waste, 

packaging and products

Resilience

and

Adaptation 

Renewables

and

Energy

Efciency

Green ICT

Packaging

E-Waste

Education &amp;

Employment

Overview

Environment

Social

Governance

EXCELLENCE


12

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Overview

Environment

Social

Governance

EXCELLENCE

Environment

CLIMATE CHANGE AND CARBON

We continue to address the threat of climate change through mitigation 

and adaptation efforts, focusing on improving our energy performance and 

efficiency measures, as well as building resilience across our operations. 

Energy performance and efficiency

The Singtel Group has been working on a number of programmes targeting energy reduction across key energy intensive 

touchpoints of our operations, such as network infrastructure, data centres, satellite earth stations and office buildings.

For more details on our approach, please refer to our website.

Replacing and overhauling 

chillers  and related equipment

Over the years, we have been regularly 

replacing and overhauling chiller units 

and related Mechanical and Engineering 

(M&amp;E) equipment at our exchanges and 

office buildings in Singapore, targeting 

those that have been in operation for 15 

years or more.

In FY2018, we replaced the older and less 

efficient chillers from NCS Hub with new 

chillers, cooling towers and pumps of high 

energy efficiency. Alongside the chiller 

replacement, old Computer Room Air 

Handling Units (CRAH) and Air Handling 

Units (AHUs) were replaced with newer 

and more energy efficient Electronically 

Commutated (EC) fan driven AHUs.

Our energy roadmap has been 

updated and extended until FY2021, 

and to replace 22 units of older chillers 

and related M&amp;E equipment located at 

our exchanges and office buildings.

Retrofitting M&amp;E equipment

We have made concerted efforts to 

retrofit our M&amp;E equipment such as 

installation of Variable Speed Drive (VSD) 

for air cooled chiller, AHU and CRAH at 

our Data Centres in Singapore.

Switching to 

energy saving lighting 

Implementing operational 

improvements 

We created energy savings through 

operational improvements without the 

need for capital investments in Singapore.

We increased the temperature of 

common areas to 25 degrees Celsius 

and optimised the operating hours of the 

air conditioning units at our data centres.

We also looked into the operation 

methodology of the CRAH units at our 

telephone exchange and changed from 

running three units at an average of 80% 

fan speed to running four units at around 

60% fan speed.

Progress in FY2018

Estimated energy savings and 

emissions avoidance:

4,401 MWh/year (15,842 GJ/year) or 

 1,898 tCO2e/year in Singapore.

Potential reduction of a total of 6,141 

MWh  (22,108 GJ) annually when fully 

completed for all 22 chillers.

This will reduce our carbon 

footprint by 2,649 tCO2e per year 

in Singapore.

Progress in FY2018

Estimated energy savings and 

emissions avoidance:

(a) Retrofit of air cooled chiller with  

 

1 VSD, NCS Bedok: 300  MWh/ 

 

year (1,080 GJ/year) or 

 

129 tCO2e/year. 

(b) Retrofit of AHUs with 50 VSDs,  

 

Kim Chuan 1 Data Centre:  

 

1,282 MWh/year (4,615 GJ/year)  

 

or 553 tCO2e/year.

(c) Retrofit of CRAH units with 

 

47 VSDs, Kim Chuan 1 Data  

 

Centre: 1,131 MWh/year  

 

(4,072 GJ/year) or 

 

488 tCO2e/year.

Progress in FY2018

Estimated energy savings and 

emissions avoidance:

164 MWh/year (591 GJ/year) or 

71 tCO2e/year at Kim Chuan 2 Data 

Centre in Singapore.

Progress in FY2018

Estimated energy savings and 

emissions avoidance:

(a) Kim Chuan 1 Data Centre: 

 

949 MWh/year (3,415 GJ/year)  

 

or 409  tCO2e/year. 

(b) DC West Data Centre:  

 

5,909  MWh/year 

 

(21,271 GJ/year) or  

 

2,548 tCO2e/year.

(c) Yio Chu Kang telephone  

 

exchange: 66 MWh/year 

 

(239 GJ/year) or 29 tCO2e/year.

Concerted efforts made to retrofit to LED 

lightings in Singapore. 


13

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Climate change resilience

In response to the potential effects of 

climate change in Singapore, we have 

reviewed targeted critical infrastructure 

and identified those that may need 

enhancement to protect against floods. 

We are currently exploring measures to 

mitigate this risk.

We continue to participate actively at the 

Australian Business Roundtable for Disaster 

Resilience and Safer Communities (ABR), 

of which Optus is a founding member, 

and have published our fifth Report on 

Building Resilience to natural disasters in 

our states and territories. We are pleased 

that our efforts and research through ABR 

have contributed towards the Australian 

Government’s recent announcement of 

establishing a National Resilience Taskforce 

to reduce the impact of natural disasters on 

the Australian community.

We have identified an additional 260 

critical facilities across Australia for the next 

three years where we will upgrade energy 

standby generation and storage capacity 

from three to seven days, so that we will 

have extended uptime during times when 

the public energy grid is affected by natural 

disasters.

Two additional SATCATs (mobile cell on 

wheels with built-in generator power) were 

commissioned during the year to support 

mobile communications at disaster areas.

As part of our support for SDG 11 on 

Sustainable Cities and Communities, Singtel 

and Optus have been involved with the 

100 Resilient Cities (100RC) projects in 

Singapore and Sydney, Australia, to provide 

input into the key long-term resilience 

issues and roadmap. We see significant 

interdependencies between different 

stakeholders and key infrastructures in 

ensuring overall resilience of cities to 

long-term ‘systems shocks’, such as climate 

change and climate action (SDG 13). 

We engage the Centre for Liveable Cities, 

the Secretariat to the Singapore 100RC 

project, for such input at the national 

level and to mobilise broader corporate 

engagement with the 100RC initiative, 

which supports SDG 17 on Partnership 

for the Goals. Since 2016, we have 

been actively involved in the Sydney 

100 Resilient Cities workshops and 

contributed to the strategy development, 

and we remain an advocate. 

Upgrading fresh air cooling

Replacing current fresh air fans with 

modern DC variable speed fans and larger 

intake units with the capability of doubling 

the air intake and reducing the need to rely 

on air conditioners in Australia.

Switching to 

cleaner energy

Switching the power supply source from 

diesel generators to the national power 

grid for cleaner energy at our offshore 

Pulau Tekong Microwave Station.

Replacing Uninterruptible Power 

Supply (UPS) 

We replaced six units of UPS and improved 

efficiency from 84% to 92.5%. 

Converting to energy efficient 

mobile base stations 

We continue to upgrade our mobile networks 

in Singapore and convert to energy efficient 

mobile base stations.

Decomissioning obsolete 

mobile equipment

Shutting down and decommissioning 

obsolete mobile equipment as a result of the 

discontinuation of 2G technology in Australia.

Promoting sustainable 

transport options

We continue to make sustainable 

transport attractive to employees by 

running one of Australia’s largest fleets 

of employee shuttle service with over 

100 buses each day. 

Progress in FY2018

Installation completed at 260 sites. 

Estimated energy savings and 

emissions avoidance:

1,170 MWh/year (4,212 GJ/year) or 

936 tCO2e/year in Australia.

Progress in FY2018

Estimated emissions avoidance:

223 tCO2e/year in Singapore.

Progress in FY2018

Estimated energy savings and 

emissions avoidance:

365 MWh/year (1,314 GJ/year) or 

157 tCO2e/year at Kim Chuan 1 Data 

Centre in Singapore.

Progress in FY2018

Energy efficient mobile base stations: 

99.12% in Singapore.

Electricity use per cell carrier: 

Improved to 3,238 kWh from 

3,594 kWh last year. 

Progress in FY2018

Radio frequency shutdown on 5,100 sites 

and equipment decommissioning on 

1,750 sites. 

Estimated energy savings and 

emissions avoidance: 

11,424 MWh/year (41,126 GJ/year) or 

9,139 tCO2e/year in Australia.

Progress in FY2018

Reduction of cars off the roads:  

~1,400 cars daily


14

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Overview

Environment

Social

Governance

EXCELLENCE

Environment

Singtel adopts Science Based Targets to keep global warming below 2°C

The Singtel Group became the first company in Asia excluding Japan to have our carbon reduction targets 

approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) in October 2017. SBTi is a collaborative effort 

between CDP, World Resources Institute (WRI), World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) and the United Nations 

Global Compact (UNGC) and aims to assist businesses to align with the Paris COP21 climate deal to keep 

global warming below 2°C.

SBTi Methodology

The SBTi methodology starts with what global carbon 

reductions are needed to come below 2°C and these 

absolute reductions are allocated by sector supply 

chains and countries of operation. Singtel adopted 

the sector decarbonisation approach and selected 

a market-based mechanism for meeting our targets. 

The country aspect also factors in current and 

future carbon coefficients of power generation in a 

particular country. 

For example, for Optus in Australia, we took into 

account that today’s energy is mainly derived from coal 

power generation, which has higher carbon coefficient 

compared to Singapore which uses mainly natural gas for 

power generation.

Why SBTi

Adoption of the SBTi targets is a follow-up to the Life 

Cycle Assessment (LCA) that we conducted in FY2016. 

The LCA identified carbon as a key area of focus across 

our value chain and helped us identify that 60% of the 

Group’s carbon footprint was in our supply chain. We also 

recognised that with the growth of our business, there is 

a projected ongoing increase in energy consumption and 

carbon emissions leading up to 2030. 

The SBTi framework and methodology has provided 

us with a ‘top down’ means to develop our aspirational 

targets and guide the business strategy going forward, 

one that is in line with the global intent to keep the global 

temperature rise to below 2°C. The SBTi framework and 

methodology are helpful in setting our targets that are 

related to our businesses and areas of operation.

Our targets

The Singtel Group aims to cut our absolute Scope 1 and 2 

direct and indirect carbon emissions across our Singapore 

and Australian operations by 42% from 2015 base year 

by 2030. This is after factoring in further organic business 

growth. We will also work with our suppliers to reduce 

Scope 3 third-party emissions by 30% over the same period.

Looking ahead

We understand that a large quantum of these reductions 

will come through our supply chain. As we continue to 

work on the energy and operational efficiency initiatives in 

our operations, we will work progressively with our major 

vendors to understand how they can reduce their own 

carbon footprint.

Factoring in the supply side, we aim to work closely 

with energy providers and the authorities due to the 

dependency for some of the reductions on our renewable 

energy roadmap. We will also explore a larger scale direct 

renewable energy deployment in our infrastructure or 

bigger scale projects in both Australia and Singapore 

where available and economically viable.



“I applaud Singtel for taking the lead in corporate responsibility and ask 

that more companies, big and small, undertake efforts to study and publish 

their carbon footprint. Being transparent is the first and crucial step to 

reducing carbon emissions. We also encourage companies to undertake 

efforts to build operational resilience in the face of climate change.”

MR MASAGOS ZULKIFLI, MINISTER OF THE ENVIRONMENT AND WATER RESOURCES, 

SINGAPORE, AT THE RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS FORUM, 22 NOVEMBER 2017


15

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

PRODUCT STEWARDSHIP

Waste Management

Electronic and packaging waste are the two key sources of waste generated from our operations and across our value chain. We 

focus on recycling our own waste, collaborating with partners and suppliers, and redesigning our product offerings to minimise 

our impact in this area.

E-waste

We continue to maintain high standards in e-waste recycling, with over 75% of our hazardous waste such as scrap copper cables 

and UPS lead acid batteries recycled with National Environment Agency (NEA) licensed vendors in Singapore. In Australia, we 

recycle over 98% of our own e-waste.

Packaging waste

We are committed to packaging sustainability and continue to be a high performing member of the Australian Packaging 

Covenant Organisation (APCO). In 2017, APCO revised its reporting framework in order to better account for its members 

packaging impact and measurement. These include providing quantitative data on the sustainability performance of 

packaging and other materials released to market. This will better reflect progress in areas such as recyclability, material 

efficiency and post-consumer recycled content. While we had progressively improved our scores to a high 4.2 out of 5 as 

reported last year, the revised reporting framework would result in a one-time recalibration and reduction of reporting scores 

for all members.

We see this as an opportunity to progressively raise our own standards in packaging and disclosures, and have begun developing a 

new five-year Packaging Strategy with measurable targets in line with the new APCO framework. We will report our progress in next 

year’s report.

Recycling e-waste through partnerships 

in Singapore and Australia

The Ministry of Environment and Water Resources (MEWR) in 

Singapore has announced the implementation of a mandatory e-waste 

management system by 2021 with an Extended Producer Responsibility 

(EPR) approach. While details are not available yet, the scheme will have 

a direct impact on the mobile phone manufacturers. We will monitor 

the development closely while continuing to play our part to promote 

e-waste recycling. 

Today, we offer our customers a trade-in scheme so that end-of-contract 

phones can be reused. We also provide recycling facilities at our retail 

outlets for consumers to dispose of their end of-life products and 

accessories easily. 

In Singapore, we launched the ReCYCLE programme in collaboration with 

SingPost on World Environment Day 2017. Through the programme, which 

is supported by NEA, consumers can drop off their unwanted electronic 

items at our ReCYCLE bins at selected Singtel Shop, Singtel Exclusive 

Retailer and SingPost outlets. ReCYCLE envelopes are also available at 

all outlets for people to mail their mobile devices and accessories at their 

own convenience without the need for postage. 

As at 31 March 2018, our programme collected a total of 9,677 kg (net 

weight) of e-waste, or almost 1,000 kg per month over ten months. 

This is a 250% increase before our strategic partnership with SingPost, 

demonstrating the benefits of increasing access through new outlets like 

post offices and the convenience of a mail-in option.

We also work with our e-waste vendor to organise regular roadshows 

at our key office premises to encourage our people to dispose of their 

unwanted e-waste responsibly. 

In Australia, we continue to support the Mobile Muster programme, 

enabling customers to recycle their old mobile phones free of charge 

by taking them to any Optus retail store. During the year, 4,251 kg of 

handsets, batteries and accessories were collected for recycling.




16

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Overview

Environment

Social

Governance

EXCELLENCE

GOVERNANCE

STRATEGY

Our Plans

We plan to enhance information processes that will enable the Board and 

management to consider climate issues in relevant strategic decisions.

Our Plans

We are looking to refresh our analysis on transitional and physical climate 

issues and quantify the materiality of financial impact of these issues 

under different climate scenarios. We will also look at integrating these 

issues into core business management processes and financial planning.

Board oversight

The Singtel Board provides oversight of the company’s sustainability 

strategy and initiatives, and approves the sustainability-materiality 

register which includes climate change issues.

The Board is updated on the strategy, plans and performance at least 

once a year, and approves the sustainability report which provides 

comprehensive disclosures on the company’s climate change agenda. 

Climate related risks and opportunities over the  short, medium and 

long term

In FY2016, the Singtel Group conducted a formal climate adaptation 

and resilience study to understand the various models and 

assumptions of climate change patterns for our Singapore and 

Australian operations. This exercise helped us to identify the key 

climate change and impact scenarios, gaps and opportunities to 

improve resilience and adaptation of our networks to the long-term 

effects of climate change.

The biggest risks we identified are related to business 

continuity of network and operations, which is essential for any 

telecommunications operator. Inundation risk from increased 

frequency and intensity of cyclonic activities, coupled with sea 

level rise which can result in network and service disruptions and 

other interdependencies, is the top concern. This led to progressive 

development and upgrade of network design and infrastructure 

both in terms of redundancy and energy security. Regulatory risks 

identified are mainly linked to network availability and quality to 

meet regulatory service benchmarks. 

Management oversight

Climate change comes under the responsibility of the Vice President of 

Group Sustainability, who reports to a Singtel Management Committee 

Member. The climate and environment portfolio is headed by a Director 

of Group Environmental Sustainability.

The governance structure for climate related matters includes the 

company’s Management Committee for all Group environment policy, 

strategy and plans; and Risk Management Committee for risk related 

updates on the topic.

There are other working groups - mainly from Networks and 

Facilities business units - relating to issues of climate adaptation 

and resilience planning.

a. Impact of the risks on business, strategy and financial planning

b. Resilience of strategy,  considering different  climate scenarios

We have identified the high-level financial drivers relating to climate 

risks and opportunities. We will progressively seek and isolate 

the required financial information to undertake long-term financial 

impact modelling.

As we undertake the SBTi roadmap, we will also know if there are 

any material financial exposures on our efforts to achieve the SBTi 

carbon targets.

Environment

x

x

x

x

Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures:  

Singtel’s current alignment and plans 


17

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

RISK MANAGEMENT

METRICS AND TARGETS

Our Plans

We plan to undertake a formal mapping and modelling of the financial 

drivers relating to climate change, which will help to establish a 

materiality threshold and assessment framework for climate risks versus 

other risks.

Our Plans

We are in the process of developing a decarbonisation roadmap and 

financial model for climate change impact which will help us to achieve our 

SBTi carbon reduction targets. We will also work on breaking down these 

targets for individual business units, projects and procurement budgets. 

Process for assessing and identifying climate risks

We have undertaken Life Cycle Assessments, Climate Adaptation 

Mapping and SBTi as part of the methodology to identify risks, 

including climate risks.

We also actively engage the Singapore and Australian Government 

and agencies on the topic to understand emerging risks, policies 

or regulations. In Singapore, this is through business roundtables 

sharing and discussion on TCFD and SBTi. In Australia, this is mainly 

through ABR where we have undertaken collective research, economic 

modelling and policy discussions with federal and local governments.

In Singapore, we have begun proactive engagement and 

advocating collaboration with the National Climate Change 

Secretariat and Centre for Liveable Cities as part of 100 Resilient 

Cities, and lead business engagement and roundtables to share 

and discuss longer term climate risks.

Optus has been proactive through ABR on research and policy 

influence on government, given the major interdependencies on 

policy and funding. We also actively monitor and engage in the 

regulatory development relating to reporting and carbon emission 

taxes. In Australia, Optus provides annual comprehensive energy 

reporting to the National Green Energy Regulator (NGER). 

Metrics used to assess climate  risks and opportunities

We currently track and monitor a number of climate related metrics 

including our carbon intensity (per revenue and data traffic) and 

these are disclosed in our annual sustainability reports.

Scope 1, 2 and 3 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions

Please refer to page 18 for more details on our scope 1, 2 and 3 

emissions data.

Resilience of strategy,  considering different  climate scenarios targets 

used and performance  against targets

In FY2018, the Singtel Group conducted a review and modelling of 

our carbon footprint and carbon targets to achieve a less than 2°C 

temperature rise scenario. Our carbon reduction targets have since 

been approved by the Singtel Management Committee and SBTi, 

and are publicly disclosed. Please refer to page 14 for details on our 

SBTi targets.

Process for managing climate risks

Climate risks, as a standalone risk category after mitigation, does 

not feature among the top ten risks for the Singtel Group. However, 

it is considered under service interruption risks which can be 

caused by various factors including climatic disasters.

Integration of processes into  overall risk management

The company’s Risk Register is comprehensively updated to reflect 

the longer term risks of climate change. The Board Risk Committee 

considers in detail the most material risks for the company. 

The TCFD recommendations have provided further direction to our climate strategy, particularly 

on climate resilience. We are one of the first companies globally to endorse the TCFD 

recommendations and our initial assessment shows that we have all the building blocks in place 

to implement the recommendations into our existing management processes. 

While we have done significant work in certain areas, such as setting metrics and targets, we 

recognise that there are other areas where we need to strengthen over the next three years of 

adopting the recommendations.

Metrics 

and 

Targets

Risk 

Management

Strategy

Governance


18

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Overview

Environment

Social

Governance

EXCELLENCE

Environmental Performance Indicators

Environment

Singtel

Optus

Singtel Group

2018

2017

2016

2018

2017

2016

2018

2017

2016

Total energy use (GJ)

1,395,100 1,404,843

1,379,633 1,724,106 1,702,440

1,657,262 3,119,206

3,107,283 3,036,895

Energy intensity (GJ/S$million revenue)

166

177

180

189

194

178

178

186

179

Energy intensity (GJ/TB*)

0.43

0.53

0.77

0.71

0.92

1.28

0.55

0.69

0.98

(i) 

Electricity Use (GJ)

1,372,809 1,385,099 1,358,030 1,692,773 1,665,694 1,618,544 3,065,582 3,050,793 2,976,574 

 

Electricity Use (MWh)

381,336

384,750

377,231

470,215

462,693

449,595

851,551

847,443

826,826

 

Electricity Intensity (GJ/S$million revenue)

164

175

177

185

190

174

175

183

175

 

Electricity Intensity (GJ/TB)

0.42

0.52

0.76

0.70

0.90

1.25

0.54

0.67

0.96

 

Electricity Intensity (kWh/TB)

118

144

210

195

251

348

151

187

268

(ii) Fuel use from non-renewable sources (GJ)

21,935

19,369

21,198

30,869

36,282

38,255

52,804

55,651

59,453

(iii) Fuel use from renewable sources (GJ)

356

375

405

464

464

463

820

839

868

 

Solar energy (MWh)

99

104

112

129

129

129

228

233

241

Total carbon emissions (tonnes CO2 equivalent) 1

 174,391 

173,811

174,112

 418,760 

418,269

420,827

 593,151 

592,080

594,938

(i) 

Scope 1

 3,367 

1,992

4,629

 2,725 

2,495

2,614

 6,092 

4,487

7,243

 

Refrigerants

 1,828 

643

3,174

589 2

N.A. 2

N.A. 2

 2,417 

643

3,174

 

Fuel combustion

587

582

525

329

397

355

916

979

880

 

Company fleet

952

767

929

1,807

2,097

2,259

2,759

2,864

3,188

(ii) Scope 2

 164,470 

165,943

163,416

399,257

397,785

394,249

 563,727 

563,728

557,665

(iii) Scope 3

6,554

5,876

6,067

16,778

17,989

23,964

23,332

23,865

30,030

 

Contractor fleet

687

733

813

1,168

1,119

4,810

1,855

1,852

5,623

 

Air travel

3,845

3,113

3,180

8,004

8,551

9,442

11,849

11,664

12,621

 

Employee commute 3

1,821

1,821

1,821

7,606

8,319

9,712

9,427

10,140

11,533

 

Retail franchisees

201

209

253

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

201

209

253

Carbon Intensity (tCO2e/S$ million revenue)

21

22

23

46

48

45

34

35

35

Carbon Intensity (tCO2e/TB) 4

0.05

0.06

0.09

0.17

0.22

0.31

0.10

0.13

0.18

Total Water Use (m3)

752,207 5

814,447

756,398

74,235 6

82,111

70,254

826,442

896,558

826,652

Water Intensity (m3/S$million revenue)

90

103

99

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

47

54

49

Total Waste: hazardous and non-hazardous (tonnes)

6,289

4,613

4,223

2,197 8

1,853 8

1,503 8

8,486

6,466

5,726

Total Non-Hazardous Waste by disposal method (tonnes) 7

2,227

2,194

–

1,972 8

1,177 8

–

4,199

3,371

–

 

Incineration with energy recovered

1,968

2,116

N.A.

N.A.

1,968

2,116

 

Landfill

0

0

1,720

517

1,720

517

 

Recycle / Reuse

259

78

252

660

511

738

Total Hazardous Waste by disposal method (tonnes) 7

4,062

2,419

–

225 8

677 8

–

4,287

3,095

–

 

Incineration with energy recovered

388

285

0

N.A.

388

285

 

Landfill

593

184

3

10

596

193

 

Recycle / Reuse

3,081

1,950

222

667

3,303

2,617

Customer E-waste Recycling (tonnes)

36

21

–

4

4

–

40

25

–

Footnotes:

* 

TB refers to terabyte of data transported across our network. 

Terabyte related figures of Optus and the Singtel Group for 2016 and 2017 were restated.

1 

The carbon emissions reported in the table is based on the reporting requirements of the WRI and WBCSD ‘GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and 

Reporting Standard’. The equivalent CO2 emissions for electricity use are calculated based on the updated simple operating margin grid emission 

factors from the National Environment Agency in Singapore for the relevant time period and from corresponding states in Australia. Scope 1 direct 

emissions are calculated using the 2010 Guidelines to DEFRA/DECC’s GHG conversion factors for company reporting (Annex 1). Scope 3 other indirect 

emissions are calculated using the 2010 Guidelines to conversion factors for DEFRA/DECC’s GHG company reporting (Annex 6 and 7). Scope 3 air 

travel emission factors are derived from WRI, DEFRA, Oxford University and the UK Royal Commission on Environmental Pollution.  

2 

Optus uses a combination of air, water and refrigerant cooling systems. Refrigerants tracked and reported from FY2018. 

3 

Employee commute carbon emissions data will be updated only when there is a significant change in our company’s operations or workforce.

4 

Covers Scope 1 and 2 only.

5 

Total volume withdrawn from municipal water supplies and includes use of 118,793m3 NEWater instead of potable water.

6 

Total volume withdrawn from municipal water supplies and includes rainwater harvesting of 3,660m3 instead of potable water. 

Water use for Optus Sydney campus only.

7 

New GRI standards indicators tracked from FY2017.

8 

Waste across facility under Optus waste direct contract and not inclusive of all sites.


19

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

People 

Our Greatest Asset

04

Our Approach 

The Singtel Group employs over 25,000 people, with 

about 13,000 in Singapore and 9,000 in Australia. We 

provide a fair, performance-based work culture that is 

diverse, inclusive and collaborative. 

We empower our employees and continue to invest 

in equipping them with relevant skills and knowledge 

to help them thrive in this digital age and our highly 

disruptive and competitive industry. Above all, ensuring 

the safety and well-being of our people is of utmost 

importance to us. 

In Singapore, we practise fair employment that is aligned 

with the Tripartite Guidelines for Fair Employment. In 

Australia, we adopt a fair employment framework that is 

approved by Fair Work Australia and also governed by our 

Employment Partnership Agreement. We have fostered 

a strong, proactive and collaborative partnership with the 

Union of Telecoms Employees of Singapore (UTES) since 



Group CEO Chua Sock Koong receiving the Management Partners Appreciation Award by UTES from the then Secretary-

General of the National Trades Union Congress and Minister in Prime Minister's Office Mr Chan Chun Sing in recognition of our 

excellent labour management relationship in September 2017

Our people are key to the Group’s long-term growth and success. 

We want to be an employer that our people are proud to work for.

it was formed in 1982. This has laid a strong foundation in 

facilitating employee development, promoting the well-

being of our people and supporting business growth for 

our Singapore and Australia operations.

In Singapore, we had 5,635 bargainable employees 

(43%) and in Australia, 3,653 employees (41%) who were 

covered by the Employment Partnership Agreement as 

at 31 March 2018. 

During the year, we continued to support the National 

Trades Union Congress (NTUC) U Care Fund with an 

annual donation of S$100,000. We also disbursed 

S$60,000 to about 100 schooling children of our staff 

under our joint Singtel-UTES Bursary Awards scheme. 

In addition, we contributed S$1 million to the NTUC 

Education and Training Fund over a five-year period from 

2017 to 2021 to support NTUC’s efforts to advance the 

professional development of the workforce.

Overview

Environment

Social

Governance

EXCELLENCE


20

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Overview

Environment

Social

Governance

EXCELLENCE

Recognising that different 

workforce generations have 

different workplace, family 

support, engagement, 

learning and career needs

Multi-Cultural 

Awareness

Multi-

 Generational 

Workplaces

DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION

We believe in providing a diverse, inclusive and collaborative work culture as well as an environment that values differences 

to achieve better business results. Diversity provides different perspectives and fosters innovative thinking to solve business 

challenges. The Singtel Group Code of Conduct and our diversity and inclusion framework guide us towards this aspiration.

Gender Diversity

Gender diversity remains a key area for the Singtel Group 

as we continue to focus on increasing the representation of 

women in senior leadership and key technical roles.

Female employees account for 34% of our workforce in the 

Singtel Group, with 35% in Singapore and 32% in Australia. 

They represent 26% of our top and middle management 

positions in the Group.

We won four HRM Awards 2018: Best Diversity and Inclusion 

Strategies, Best Leadership Development, SIM Awards for Best 

Talent Management Practices (&gt;500 employees), Outstanding 

Contribution to HR – Aileen Tan, Group Chief Human 

Resources Officer.

People

The Singtel Group believes in the inherent strength 

of a vibrant, diverse and inclusive workforce where 

the perspectives, backgrounds and life experiences 

of our people help us to forge strong connections 

with all our customers, engage confidently 

within an increasingly globalised marketplace, 

inspirationally lead and creatively innovate, 

thereby making better decisions for our business 

and the world in which we live.

Recognising that 

there are valuable and 

productive abilities in 

everyone; and aspiring 

to build long-term 

opportunities for 

persons with disabilities

Supporting a gender 

balanced workforce 

and equal opportunities 

at all levels across the 

organisation

Recognising that needs 

and family dependencies 

vary at different life 

stages, and even across 

the geographies we 

operate in

Ensuring an equitable 

remuneration structure 

that has no gender bias

Respecting and 

supporting the 

needs of people 

with differing 

abilities

Differing 

Abilities

Celebrating our uniquely 

global workforce and 

leveraging the diversity and 

cultural experiences of our 

people and leaders to forge 

strong connections with our 

customers and communities 

across the region, driving 

innovation and engaging 

confidently in an increasingly 

globalised marketplace

Synergistically 

tapping the different 

perspectives, value-add 

and contributions of 

our multi-generational 

workforce to create 

an organisation that 

is dynamic, agile and 

innovative

Diversity and 

Inclusion Framework 

Gender 

Diversity

Female Executives in the Singtel Group

FY2018

Singtel

Optus

Singtel 

Group

Top management

29%

9%

22%

Middle management

33%

21%

26%

FY2017

Top management

25%

7%

21%

Middle management

35%

21%

27%


21

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

New Hires

by Age Group

New Hires

by Gender

&lt; 30 yrs old

&gt; 50 yrs old

30 - 49 yrs old

Female

Male

&lt; 30 yrs old

&gt; 50 yrs old 

30 - 49 yrs old

Age Group

Singtel

86

1,141

1,052

Optus

90

703

953

Singtel

Group

Singtel

Group

2,005

1,844

176

Female

Male

Gender Singtel

678

1,601

Optus

602

1,144

2,745

1,280

Total:

2,279

1,746

4,025

Total

2,279

1,746

4,025

Singtel

Group

Singtel

Group

Female

Male

Female

Male

Gender Singtel

790

1,449

Optus

504

858

2,307

1,294

Total

2,239

1,362

3,601

Employee Turnover

by Gender

Employee Turnover

by Age Group

&lt; 30 yrs old

&gt; 50 yrs old

30 - 49 yrs old

&lt; 30 yrs old

&gt; 50 yrs old 

30 - 49 yrs old

Age Group

Singtel

210

1,308

721

Optus

98

545

719

1,440

1,853

308

Total:

2,239

1,362

3,601

As one of the founding members, 

Singtel participates actively in the 

Singapore Business Network on 

DisAbility (SBNoD), set up in 2015. The 

SBNoD group of companies has been 

supporting SG Enable’s 12-week RISE 

Mentorship Programme, launched 

Multigenerational workplace

We value the experience, perspectives 

and wisdom that our silver talents 

bring to the company. During the 

year, more than 100 employees in 

Singapore attended Re-employment: 

Equipping and Developing Yourself 

(READY) and Rethink 50, our two 

Silver Talent programmes aimed to 

help them cope with possible life 

changes and career transitions.

READY is targeted at employees above 

the age of 58 while Rethink 50 is 

designed to help employees between 50 

and 59 years old. Both programmes help 

participants to review their own financial 

circumstances and make more informed 

financial decisions, assess self-awareness 

and behavioural style and build relational 

skills with family and friends.

In July 2017, the Tripartite Guidelines on 

Re-employment were revised from 65 to 

67 years old. We are fully supportive of 

this move as it will further strengthen our 

silver talent workforce in Singapore.

Multicultural awareness

With more than 25,000 employees covering 

about 90 different nationalities across our 

global business operations, cultural diversity 

is certainly part of our DNA. 

Differing Abilities

We value the inclusion of persons with 

differing abilities in our company, in line 

with our philosophy of building an inclusive 

workplace and society. In Singapore, we 

continue to work closely with national 

agency SG Enable on training, internships 

and employment of persons with 

disabilities, who also form a critical talent 

pipeline with today’s labour crunch. 

During the year, we supported its 

Institute of Higher Learning Internship 

Programme and took in two tertiary 

students with hearing impairment and 

one student with Autism Spectrum 

Disorder (ASD) who did their internship 

with our Consumer Operations and 

Finance units. 

New Hires by Age and Gender

Employee Turnover by Age and Gender

in 2017, for tertiary students with 

disabilities. Singtel fielded three top and 

seven middle management members 

as mentors for ten students with various 

forms of disabilities over three runs of 

this programme.


22

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Overview

Environment

Social

Governance

EXCELLENCE

Human Capital Development 

Investing in our people is critical to our success. We manage our human capital 

investment by attracting and nurturing our talent, as well as their professional 

growth and personal well-being during their career with us. Every employee 

undergoes regular, formal performance and career development reviews, and 

we encourage leaders to have frequent informal performance conversations with 

their team members.

As part of Singtel’s digitisation efforts, we embarked on our workforce 

transformation journey to equip our employees with relevant skills and 

redesigning our office premises. To address emerging industry needs, we 

have set up a Future of Work team to drive digital initiatives to support our 

strategy roadmap of Work, Workforce and Workplace, such as Robotics Process 

Automation, Micro-Learning On-the-Go, AR and VR learning, and People Analytics 

Master Planning.

TALENT ATTRACTION AND RETENTION

We believe that developing and engaging young talent are key to building 

internal capabilities in this competitive global war for talent. Today, we have 

a robust young talent pool, comprising interns, cadets, apprentices, scholars 

and management associates. We partner a number of stakeholders such as 

polytechnics and universities to help us build this pipeline. In FY2018, we 

awarded S$2.7 million in scholarships and apprenticeships to 72 tertiary students 

in Singapore, giving them industry-relevant training as well as employment and 

progression opportunities.

Singtel is proud to be among the pioneer 

batch of Human Capital Partners, a 

tripartite initiative involving the Singapore 

government, unions and employers. We 

have been endorsed with the ‘Human 

Capital Partner’ mark, a symbol that 

identifies exemplary employers who are 

committed to Singapore’s overall human 

capital development, focusing on five key 

areas that encompass all career stages:

01 

Build the careers of 

 

young talent

02 

Provide a platform to transfer  

 

skills and experience

03 

Prepare a local workforce for  

 

success in a competitive 

 

global market

04 

Offer opportunities for lifelong  

 

learning and career development

05 

Recognise the contribution and  

 

empowering women in today’s  

 

workforce

The FY2018 recipients with Singtel senior management members at our annual scholarship award ceremony

People




23

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Aspiring and Young Talents

Flagship programme

Description

Talent acquired 

and trained

FY2018

FY2017

Singtel Management 

Associate Programme and 

Optus Graduate Programme

Two-year programme that offers a rich development roadmap of activities 

such as leadership development training, meaningful rotations, coaching 

and international assignments for top university graduates.

93

82

SHINE Internship Programme

Structured internship programme to develop young, high performing 

students by offering real-world, meaningful assignments, mentoring by 

experienced professionals, networking events and on-the-job training.

114

88

Singtel and Optus Cadet 

Scholarship

Scholarships offered to top diploma students in Singapore and top 

undergraduates from Macquarie University in Australia.

55

53

Singtel Group Undergraduate 

Scholarship

University scholarships are offered to top students in fields such as 

business, engineering, cyber security, computer science and analytics.

16

12

Emerging and Future Leaders

Flagship programme

Description

Talent acquired 

and trained

Cyber Security Associates 

and Technologists (CSAT) 

Programme with the Info-

communications Media 

Development Authority and 

the Cyber Security Agency of 

Singapore

The programme aims to help fresh and mid-career ICT individuals 

attain the necessary practical skills to better equip them for cyber 

security roles and positions.

41

49

Regional Leadership in Action 

and Game for Global Growth

Helps prepare emerging high-potential leaders to lead and manage 

business operations in a multinational, digital context by promoting 

learning through interactive workshops, lectures and action learning 

projects.

109

132

SCORE+ Leadership 

Programme (launched in 

FY2018)

Three-day application-based programme that focuses on self-

awareness, leadership, brand development, business acumen and 

innovation.

35

-

TRAINING AND EDUCATION

With the rapid technological and market changes in our industry, it is vital for our employees to keep themselves abreast of the latest 

industry developments and be future-ready. We offer our people a rich and diverse range of training and educational programmes, 

framed within our four key learning pillars: Compliance, Company, Business and Future. These programmes focus on personal 

effectiveness and leadership, as well as technical and functional areas that support our strategic priorities and business needs, such 

as cloud services, analytics, cyber security and smart cities.

Singtel Group’s Talent Management and Development Programmes


24

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Overview

Environment

Social

Governance

EXCELLENCE

in providing our aspiring talent pool 

of interns, scholars and management 

associates with holistic development 

which includes rotations, international 

assignments, career coaching, 

mentoring, senior leader networking and 

special projects. 

To enable our leaders to collaborate 

and demonstrate enterprise leadership 

behaviours, workshops have been rolled 

out to the Top 100 leaders in Australia. 

This new three-day residential Enterprise 

Leadership programme focuses on 

helping leaders lead with renewed 

purpose and a growth mindset to drive 

organisation-wide success. A similar 

programme will be extended to Singapore. 

Grooming our leaders

Our leadership development efforts are 

focused on building enterprise leadership, 

leadership brand, business acumen and 

innovation in our young, emerging and 

future leaders. In addition to our regular 

stable of programmes such as Regional 

Leadership in Action and Game for Global 

Growth, we have designed and launched 

new programmes to prepare our leaders in 

this disruptive digital business landscape.

The SCORE+ Leaderhip Programme and 

SCORE Development Centre are new 

leadership initiatives that leverage digital 

business simulations to provide learners 

with an applied learning experience 

designed to reflect real Singtel 

business challenges. We also invested 

Average Training Hours

Training and Development Investment

Singtel

FY2018

S$ 25.1 milliion

FY2017

Optus

Singtel Group

S$ 30.7 million

S$ 17.7 million

S$ 13.8 million

A$ 12.4 million

A$ 10.8 million

Singtel

FY2018

30.5 hours

FY2017

Optus

Singtel Group

29.2 hours

30.6 hours

30.4 hours

27.6 hours

30.9 hours

People

EMPLOYEE HEALTH, 

SAFETY AND 

WELL-BEING

The safety and security of our employees 

are our top priority, and we strive to ensure 

the physical and mental well-being of our 

people. During the year, we successfully 

completed OHSAS 18001 for Singtel and 

our SS506 yearly surveillance audit with 

no issues of non-compliance, and renewed 

our bizSAFE 3 re-certification for eight of 

our key business units. 

Enhancing our workplace 

safety and health efforts

Workplace Safety and Health (WSH) 

training starts the moment an employee 

Our flagship learning event, the Singtel Group Learning Fiesta (SGLF), celebrated its tenth anniversary with the theme ‘Amp Up, Level Up’ in 

FY2018. It emphasised the need for every employee to amplify a culture of learning and stay relevant amid a fast-changing digital economy. SGLF 

2017 was organised into three different tracks: Future Work, Future Skills and Future Me and registered over 42,000 learning places across the 

Group. It tapped on digital learning and introduced an inaugural fully online Mini Learning Fiesta using Learning Jam, an internal learning platform 

that supports social and collaborative learning in Singapore and Australia. As part of the event line-up, we piloted the SkillsFuture for Digital 

Workplace training programme for 60 employees. This programme, initiated by SkillsFuture Singapore, aims to raise digital literacy and build 

future skills across the workforce. Singtel was the first in Singapore to pilot it for our people.  





Singtel Group Learning Fiesta


25

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Launch of the Singtel Health and Wellness Carnival 2017 at Comcentre Singapore

joins Singtel, who needs to undergo 

an introductory course that includes 

case studies on potential workplace 

safety, health and security risks. The 

various business units work closely 

with our WSH department to identify 

employees who are required to attend 

WSH courses relevant to the nature of 

their roles, such as risk assessment, 

fire safety awareness, ergonomics, and 

workplace health and safety. About 

5,000 employees in Singapore have 

completed their assigned courses, 

including e-learning WSH modules which 

we introduced during the year.

167 officers have been appointed to 

help coordinate health, safety and 

security matters on designated floors in 

our Singapore office buildings. To help 

them perform their role more effectively, 

they attended courses on basic first aid, 

fire safety and risk management. We 

currently have 130 Automated External 

Defibrillator (AED) devices installed 

at our Singapore office premises for 

emergency medical situation. 



11

4 7

cases

SLIP, TRIP

AND FALL

2

1

1

cases

FALL FROM

HEIGHT

4

1 3

cases

KNOCK ON A MOVING /

STATIONARY OBJECT

4

3 1

cases

TRAFFIC RELATED 

ACCIDENT

8

2 4

cases

OTHERS

*

In preparation for haze, we sent 230 

employees to be trained on the use of 

respiratory sets should there be a need to 

activate our Respond and Recovery team 

for critical work and service continuity in 

hazardous haze conditions.

We noted an increase in the number 

of incidents reported during the year 

especially trip and fall cases, which 

also led to an increase in medical leave 

days. We are reviewing if there are 

systemic causes or if these are isolated 

incidents. We continue to remind our 

people to observe workplace safety 

and exercise personal responsibility and 

care at all times.

Employee wellness

We set up a new Health and Wellness 

Committee during the year to look at our 

employee wellness agenda in a strategic 

manner, focusing on four key areas: 

targeted health programmes, physical 

fitness, mental well-being and family.  

A new health and wellness portal offers 

a one-stop guide for staff on the latest 

in health trends, tips and resources to 

support an active lifestyle and a well-

balanced diet, and upcoming events. 

Our first Health and Wellness Carnival 

was organised to bring together our 

people and the senior management 

team for an afternoon of fitness, fun 

and games. 300 people attended the 

carnivals held concurrently at Comcentre 

and NCS Hub in Singapore, featuring 

mass exercises like Zumba and Yoga.

Targeted health programmes: We 

introduced ‘Happy People’, a digital 

health and wellness programme for our 

employees in Australia to improve their 

energy, sleep, mood and stress levels. 

Physical fitness: Team Singtel with 

2,823 employees participated in the 

National Steps Corporate Challenge 

2017 organised by the Health Promotion 

Board in Singapore.

Mental well-being: In Australia, 

we continue to run ‘Healthy Minds’, 

a workplace well-being programme 

aimed at creating a psychologically 

healthy workplace as well as reducing 

the stigma surrounding mental illnesses 

and encouraging early support and 

intervention.

Family: The Singtel Family Day 2017 

was organised for our employees to 

spend a relaxing and meaningful time 

together with their loved ones at award 

winning Gardens by the Bay.

For more information on our 

ongoing health and well-being 

initiatives and programmes, 

please refer to our website.

Types of injury by number and gender at Singtel

* 

These were isolated incidents.  

Two cases did not result in any injury.


26

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Overview

Environment

Social

Governance

EXCELLENCE

People Performance Indicators

People

Singtel

Optus

Singtel Group

2018

2017

2016

2018

2017

2016

2018

2017

2016

Total employees by gender 1

Male

 8,455 

8,185

–

 6,021 

6,112

–

 14,476 

14,297

–

Female

 4,640 

4,822

–

 2,847 

2,938

–

 7,487 

7,760

–

Total employees 1

 13,095 

13,007

–

 8,868 

9,050

–

 21,963 

22,057

–

Total employees by employment contract and gender 1 

Regular employees (Male)

 7,136 

6,742

–

 5,929 

6,005

–

 13,065 

12,747

–

Contract employees (Male)

 1,319 

1,443

–

 92 

107

–

 1,411 

1,550

–

Regular employees (Female)

 4,148 

4,193

–

 2,799 

2,874

–

 6,947 

7,067

–

Contract employees (Female)

 492 

629

–

 48 

64

–

 540 

693

–

Total regular employees by employment type and gender 1

Full time (Male)

 8,449 

8,178

–

 5,307 

5,385

–

 13,756 

13,563

–

Part time (Male)

 6 

7

–

 714 

727

–

 720 

734

–

Full time (Female)

 4,623 

4,803

–

 2,058 

2,101

–

 6,681 

6,904

–

Part time (Female)

 17 

19

–

 789 

837

–

 806 

856

–

Total employees by age group

&lt;30 years old

21%

22%

22%

23%

24%

24%

22%

23%

23%

30-49 years old

59%

60%

60%

60%

60%

60%

59%

60%

60%

≥ 50 years old

20%

18%

18%

17%

16%

16%

19%

17%

17%

Gender mix by employee category (% female)

Operations and Support

41%

43%

43%

42%

43%

40%

41%

43%

42%

Professional

31%

33%

32%

29%

29%

27%

30%

31%

30%

Middle and Top Management

33%

34%

36%

21%

21%

26%

26%

27%

30%

• 

Middle Management

33%

35%

36%

21%

21%

27%

26%

27%

30%

• 

Top Management

29%

25%

31%

9%

7%

16%

22%

21%

21%

New employee hires by age 1 

&lt;30 years old

8.0%

8.3%

–

10.8%

10.0%

–

9.1%

9.0%

–

30-49 years old

8.7%

7.0%

–

7.9%

8.0%

–

8.4%

7.4%

–

≥ 50 years old

0.7%

0.6%

–

1.0%

1.2%

–

0.8%

0.9%

–

New employee hires by gender 1 

Male

12.2%

10.1%

–

12.9%

12.6%

–

12.5%

11.2%

–

Female

5.2%

5.8%

–

6.8%

6.6%

–

5.8%

6.1%

–

New employee hires 1 

17.4%

15.9%

–

19.7%

19.2%

–

18.3%

17.3%

–

Employee turnover by age 1 

&lt;30 years old

5.5%

5.6%

–

8.1%

7.8%

–

6.6%

6.5%

–

30-49 years old

10.0%

9.5%

–

6.2%

6.4%

–

8.4%

8.2%

–

≥ 50 years old

1.6%

1.3%

–

1.1%

1.2%

–

1.4%

1.3%

–

Employee turnover by gender 1

Male

11.1%

10.7%

–

9.7%

9.7%

–

10.5%

10.3%

–

Female

6.0%

5.7%

–

5.7%

5.7%

–

5.9%

5.7%

–

Employee turnover 

17.1%

16.4%

14.5%

15.4%

15.4%

10.7%

16.4%

16.0%

13.0%


27

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

People

Singtel

Optus

Singtel Group

2018

2017

2016

2018

2017

2016

2018

2017

2016

Salary ratio (female:male) 2

Operations and Support

1 : 0.99

1 : 0.99 

0.96 : 1

1 : 0.96

1 : 0.98

0.96 : 1

1 : 0.97

1 : 095

0.96 : 1

Professional

0.98 : 1

0.98 : 1

0.99 : 1

0.96 : 1

0.96 : 1

0.91 : 1

0.97 : 1

0.97 : 1

0.94 : 1

Middle Management

0.98 : 1

0.99 : 1

0.97 : 1

0.94 : 1

0.97 : 1

0.94 : 1

0.98 : 1

0.98 : 1

0.95 : 1

Workforce ethnicity in Singapore

Chinese

68%

69%

68%

–

–

–

–

–

–

Malay

10%

9%

9%

–

–

–

–

–

–

Indian

13%

13%

12%

–

–

–

–

–

–

Others 3

9%

9%

11%

–

–

–

–

–

–

Total training investment ($million)

S$17.7

S$13.8

S$10.9

A$12.4

A$10.8

A$10.9

S$30.7

S$25.1

S$22.1

Average training hours per employee

30.6

30.4

32.5

27.6

30.9

31.7

29.2

30.5

32.2

Average training hours by gender 1

Male

31.6

30.4

–

27.6

31.2

–

29.7

30.6

–

Female

28.9

30.3

–

27.4

30.2

–

28.2

30.2

–

Average training hours by employee category 1

Operations and Support

23.3

31.8

–

31.1

36.5

–

26.7

33.2

–

Professional

37.2

30.1

–

26.3

28.5

–

32.0

29.3

–

Middle Management and Above

22.0

23.3

–

22.3

28.1

–

22.2

25.9

–

Employee health and safety 4

Workplace injury incidence rate 

2.1

1.3

1.3

4.1

1.3

1.3

2.9

1.3

1.3

Workplace injury frequency rate 

0.9

0.6

0.6

2.8

0.8

0.8

1.5

0.7

0.7

• 

Workplace injury frequency rate (Male) 1

0.6

0.5

–

2.3

0.4

–

1.1

0.5

–

• 

Workplace injury frequency rate (Female) 1

1.6

0.8

–

4.0

1.9

–

2.2

1.1

–

Workplace injury severity rate 

14.7 5

3.3

5.9

7.3

8.7

12.9

12.4

5.1

8.3

• 

Workplace injury severity rate (Male) 1

6.0 5

1.5

–

9.7

4.9

–

7.2

2.9

–

• 

Workplace injury severity rate (Female) 1

30.6

6.3

–

1.6

17.9

–

22.8

10.2

–

Absenteeism rate 1

0.018

0.017

–

0.015

0.015

–

0.017

0.017

–

• 

Absenteeism rate (Male) 1

0.015

0.014

–

0.014

0.014

–

0.014

0.014

–

• 

Absenteeism rate (Female) 1

0.024

0.024

–

0.017

0.017

–

0.021

0.021

–

Occupational disease rate 1

0

0

–

0.7

0

–

0.2

0

–

• 

Occupational disease rate (Male) 1

0

0

–

0.5

0

–

0.2

0

–

• 

Occupational disease rate (Female) 1

0

0

–

1.1

0

–

0.3

0

–

Fatalities

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

Footnotes:

1 

New GRI Standards indicators tracked from FY2017.

2 

Based on average monthly salary of regular employees.

3 

Singtel recognises non-locals outside these three ethnic groups under this category.

4 

Workplace health and safety metrics are based on the International Labour Organization (ILO) definitions.

5 

Based on ILO definition, this excluded time lost as a result of permanent incapacity for work. A male employee was caught in an accident  

 

involving several vehicles, which resulted in a prolonged medical leave of absence of more than 200 days as of end-FY2018. 


28

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Overview

Environment

Social

Governance

EXCELLENCE

Singtel

FY2018

S$16.87 million

FY2017

Optus

Singtel Group

S$17.11 million

S$7.22 million

S$8.27 million

A$9.43 million

A$8.19 million

Singtel Group’s Community Investment *

Inclusion and

Well-being

Education and

Employability

To enable the inclusion 

and well-being of 

people, and help them 

realise their potential 

through our digital 

technologies and 

innovative 

programmes

Digital Citizenship

and Online Safety

Partners and 

Associates

Product

Technology

and

Innovation

Corporate

Philanthropy

Staf Engagement

and Volunteerism

Capability

and Competence

The Singtel Group is committed to being a responsible 

corporate citizen in all the markets where we operate, driving 

positive and sustainable change for our communities.

Our Approach

Investing in our community is an integral part of 

our sustainability strategy. We are guided by our 

strategic community investment framework when 

making such decisions. 

The Singtel Group can play a significant role 

in enabling the progress, development and 

inclusion of vulnerable segments of society. 

Through our key partnerships, programmes 

and staff engagement initiatives, we combine 

our collective resources and leverage our skills 

and core competencies to make a positive and 

sustainable change to communities in need. 

Our community strategy helps us to contribute 

towards the various UN Sustainable Development 

Goals of 3, 4, 8, 9, 10 and 11 on Good health 

and well-being, Quality education, Decent work 

and economic growth, Industry, innovation 

and infrastructure, Reduced inequalities and 

Sustainable cities and communities.

*  

Our community investment figure, which includes direct financial support, in-kind charitable sponsorships 

and staff volunteering hours, has been verified by the London Benchmarking Group (LBG).

Singtel Touching Lives Fund

The Singtel Touching Lives Fund (STLF) is our flagship 

corporate philanthropy programme to support children and 

youth with special needs in Singapore. Our beneficiary schools 

are APSN Chaoyang School, APSN Tanglin School, APSN 

Delta Senior School, Cerebral Palsy Alliance Singapore School, 

Eden School and MINDS Lee Kong Chian Gardens School.

Since 2002, STLF has been raising money for special 

educational programmes that help them lead independent 

lives. Besides Singtel’s corporate donation, we raise funds 

from employees, business partners and members of the public 

through various activities. STLF has since raised over S$39 

million, of which S$3 million was raised during the year. 

We also donated about S$1.7 million to non-STLF charitable 

organisations and contributed over S$500,000 of in-kind 

sponsorship of telecommunications and media services to 

charities, social enterprises and nation-building activities in 

Singapore during the year.



Community

The Most Connected Communities

05


29

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

INCLUSION OF VULNERABLE GROUPS

We continue to support the cancer cause given its 

pervasiveness in the society. We were the title sponsor of the 

Singtel-Singapore Cancer Society Race Against Cancer for the 

ninth consecutive year where our funding helped support the 

tuition fees for children from low income families affected by 

cancer. In Australia, our executives participated in the eighth 

Tour de Cure in Australia to raise funds for cancer research and 

related causes. We encouraged staff members to take part in 

such activities and help these organisations raise funds while 

showing solidarity and support for cancer warriors.

In FY2018, we partnered Singapore Press Holdings and 

People’s Association to conduct ten workshops for 2,500 

senior citizens in Singapore who learnt to use smartphones 

and social media apps, as well as online safety tips like 

protecting their online privacy and against scams.

In 2005, we became a founding member of the Australian 

Business and Community Network (ABCN) whose members 

work closely to improve opportunities and outcomes for 

vulnerable youth in high-needs schools across Australia. 

Since 2008, more than 4,000 volunteer and mentor roles 

have been filled by our staff amounting to about 40,000 

hours of volunteering activity and positively impacting more 

than 7,700 students. 

Employee Volunteerism

We encourage our people to volunteer on an 

individual or team basis. We believe active employee 

volunteerism not only helps the community but 

contributes to the holistic development of our people 

in terms of empathy and character building.

Besides giving our employees one day of paid 

volunteer leave each year, we encourage business 

units to adopt VolunTeaming, our concept of 

teambuilding and volunteering as a department.

(top) Two Singtel management members (far right) flagged off at the event  

(above) Singtel volunteers (in red t-shirts) at our Silver Mobile Workshops 

teaching the seniors to use smartphones and mobile apps 

2,000 staff volunteers planned and manned game 

stalls at the 5th Singtel Carnival, and chaperoned 

1,500 students with special needs so that they had 

an enjoyable time in a safe environment



Singtel

Staf Volunteering Hours

FY2018

33,560

FY2017

Optus

Singtel

Group

27,628

15,500

17,140

12,128

16,420

2,000

Activity stalls

7

Food stalls

8

Game stalls

34

children

1,500

26

300

Singtel staf volunteers

SBNoD chaperone

volunteers 

teachers and 

caregivers

from the special education schools

in Singapore, including our Singtel

Touching Lives Fund beneﬁciary schools

5th Singtel Carnival 2018





“As a Singtel employee, it’s my responsibility to be able to impact 

the lives of these children and it’s fantastic to see them smiling and 

enjoying themselves.” JULIAN CHEONG, STAFF VOLUNTEER (front cover, left)


30

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Overview

Environment

Social

Governance

EXCELLENCE

Volunteering with our associates

Into our eighth year, the Singtel Group overseas 

volunteering expeditions expanded from the 

Philippines and Thailand to include India this year. 

Better Together is the new name of our annual 

overseas volunteering programme where we work 

with our regional associates and our partner vendors 

to support their local community programmes.

Twenty staff volunteers from Singtel, Optus, Globe 

and 24/7, our contact centre partner, together 

with the staff from Globe’s partner school, Centre 

of Excellence in Public Elementary Education 

(CENTEX), came together at Bauan, Batangas in the 

Philippines. They conducted cyber wellness lessons 

from our own Digital Thumbprint Programme and 

other activities for more than 200 students who 

were from economically disadvantaged families. 

The volunteers also spent half a day doing a 

shoreline clean-up in support of Globe’s partner,  

Taal Lake Conservation Center.

For the first time, four staff volunteers from Globe 

joined 28 staff volunteers from AIS, Singtel and 

Optus in Thailand to mentor 34 high school and 

university students who are beneficiaries of AIS’ 

Good Kids Great Hearts programme and improve 

their conversational English.

In the inaugural expedition to India, six participating 

companies: Singtel, Optus, Bharti Airtel, Globe, 24/7 

and Convergys, headed for Manesar, an industrial 

town in the Gurgaon district. Twenty eight staff 

volunteers covered nine Satya Bharti Schools in 

disadvantaged communities, delivering classroom 

sessions on computer skills, English and spelling, 

and art and craft to Grade Four to Six students.

India (Manesar, Gurgaon)

· Inaugural expedition

· Beneficiary partner: Bharti Foundation’s 

Satya Bharti  School Programme

· 28 volunteers from six participating 

companies:  Singtel, Optus, Bharti Airtel, 

Globe, 24/7 and Convergys

Philippines (Bauan, Batangas)

· Eighth expedition

· Beneficiary partner: Center of Excellence in 

 Public Elementary Education (Centex) and  Taal 

Lake Conservation Center

· 20 volunteers from six participating 

 companies: Singtel, Optus, Bharti Airtel,  Globe 

and 24/7

Thailand (Khao Kheow Open Zoo, Chonburi)

· Third expedition

· Beneficiary partner: AIS CSR programme, 

 Good Kids Great Hearts

· 32 volunteers from four participating 

companies: Singtel, Optus, AIS and Globe











Community

Better Together

29

28

20


31

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

DIGITAL CITIZENSHIP AND ONLINE SAFETY

A pilot study of #DQEveryChild conducted in Singapore 

early last year in collaboration with Singtel, Nanyang 

Technological University, IMDA/Media Literacy Council and 

TOUCH Cyber Wellness, found that children who completed 

the programme showed a 13% improvement in their DQ 

score and a corresponding 18% reduction in cyber risks. 

The DQ programme, also supported by the World Economic 

Forum, is rapidly gaining traction from governments and 

educators around the world. We introduced their programme 

to Kids Helpline, our community partner in Australia, and 

Globe, our regional associate in the Philippines. 

On Safer Internet Day 2018, a DQ Singapore National Report 

was released on the current state of online child safety and 

digital citizenship in Singapore. During the year, we also 

conducted a research on our Digital Thumbprint Programme in 

Australia and published our Optus DTP Impact Report.

As part of Singtel’s efforts to prevent cyber bullying and excessive 

internet usage among youth, we partnered and supported the 

National Council of Social Service’s Help123, Singapore's first 

one-stop cyber wellness helpline 1800 6123 123. This platform, 

launched in July 2017, links young people, their family members 

and teachers via online chat, phone or e-mail to trained 

counsellors from our social service partners Fei Yue Community 

Services and TOUCH Community Services.



DQ Findings in Singapore

Read the full 2018  DQ Singapore National Report here.

54% of children aged 8 to 12 in Singapore are 

exposed to cyber risks. These risks include cyber 

bullying, video game addiction, online meetings 

and online sexual behaviour.

Children aged 8 to 12 spend more time online 

for entertainment compared to the global 

average – 35 hours/week compared to 32 

hours/week respectively.

Children who own a mobile phone spend an 

average of 44 hours/week online, which is 15 

more hours/week compared to children who do 

not own a mobile phone.

Children have a higher  propensity of being 

highly active in social media when they own  

a mobile phone.

70% of children who own a mobile phone and are 

highly active in social media are exposed to cyber 

risk compared to 45% of children who do not own 

a mobile phone.

Children who own a mobile phone and who are 

not highly active in social media have similar risk 

exposure and screen time as children who do not 

own a mobile phone.

Internet, social media and mobile apps have fundamentally 

changed the way people live, work, learn and play. Mobile 

technology enables 24x7 connectivity which also gives rise to 

unintended consequences, such as the associated risks that 

children and youth are increasingly becoming vulnerable to – 

device and gaming addiction, failure to protect their privacy, 

inappropriate online content and cyber bullying.

Recognising this potential negative impact especially to the 

young, we strive to play a proactive role to mitigate such 

risks by educating our customers and promoting responsible 

digital citizenship among vulnerable children and youth. These 

interventions also support our efforts towards the UN Sustainable 

Development Goal 3 on Good Health and Well-being. 

We continued to fund and work with DQ Institute as its 

strategic partner on #DQEveryChild programme – from 

inception to development to launch. This programme has 

created the world’s first Digital Intelligence Quotient (DQ) 

that measures a person’s ability and command of digital 

technology and media. It aims to help children use digital 

technology and media in safe, responsible and effective ways 

as they spend increasingly more time on digital devices. 

It is a combination of online education tools and real-time 

assessment which is available for free via an online platform 

called DQWorld.net. 


32

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Overview

Environment

Social

Governance

EXCELLENCE

In June 2017, we organised our inaugural Digital Smarts Day 

at the Optus campus in Sydney, Australia. A team of 47 staff 

volunteers delivered the message of digital citizenship and 

online safety in a fun and interactive way to 160 primary and 

high school students. Australia's Olympian Ian Thorpe also 

shared his own experiences with bullying and emphasised the 

need for a respectful and empathetic online world.

Meet our Cyber Wellness Ambassadors



(Left) 

Our inaugural batch of Singtel Cyber 

Wellness Ambassadors – employees who 

are passionate about this important topic – 

volunteered during the March 2018 school 

holidays to lead #DQEveryChild workshops 

targeted at staff and their children

(Bottom) 

A fun day of learning with ABCN students 

about digital citizenship and online safety 

during our inaugural Digital Smarts Day





Community

During the year, we recruited our inaugural batch of Cyber Wellness Ambassadors – employees who are passionate about this 

important topic. During the June school holidays, we worked with the Singapore Indian Development Association and the Info-

communications Media Development Authority of Singapore to conduct #DQEveryChild Programme for primary school students. 

“We believe that digital literacy is just as important as 

teaching young people about other safety concerns 

such as stranger danger and road safety.”

MS HELEN MAISANO, DIRECTOR OF COMMUNITY, OPTUS 

(picture below, front row, 3rd from right)


33

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

* Since 2013

Singtel has also been supporting the 

Science Centre Singapore's Young 

Scientist Badge scheme – "I am a 

Young IT Whiz". The IT Whiz cards 

are structured to engage primary 

students to learn independently by 

carrying out activities that foster 

technical competence, media literacy 

and awareness on cyber security and 

cyber wellness. Upon completion of 

all activities, students earn an ‘I am a 

Young IT Whiz’ badge. Between April 

2015 when we first collaborated with 

Science Centre Singapore and end-

2017, 108 primary schools with more 

than 60,000 students have participated 

in the programme. 

These digital citizenship initiatives 

are part of our Digital Thumbprint 

Programme, which aims to create and 

implement educational programmes, 

leverage our technology and provide 

resources as well as partner leading 

community organisations to empower 

and equip responsible digital citizens 

to thrive in the digital era.

On Safer Internet Day 2018, we launched 

a new programme called Singtel Surf 

School targeted at parents to promote 

cyber fun, safety and education among 

younger users. Our customers can also 

subscribe to Qustodio Parental Control 

app that gives them peace of mind when 

their children use computers, smartphones 

and tablets – up to ten devices – at home 

or on the move on any mobile network. 

A user friendly web portal and mobile 

app allow parents to view their 

children’s device usage activities and 

set controls and limits if necessary, 

giving them the visibility and ability to 

manage their children’s device usage, 

screen time and access to apps and 

age-appropriate content. This service 

offering is a result of feedback from 

parents that besides knowledge about 

the potential pitfalls, they want tools to 

help monitor and protect their children 

in the digital world.

“We recognise that education 

and awareness is only one aspect 

as the use of digital devices 

becomes more prevalent among 

children. Our joint funding and 

partnerships in counselling 

helplines like Help123 in 

Singapore, provide an added level 

of intervention and support not 

only for children, but increasingly 

their parents and educators.”

MR YUEN KUAN MOON, CEO OF 

CONSUMER SINGAPORE, SINGTEL

In Singapore 

and Australia

431,470

students  reached

7,595

sessions delivered 

 within schools

1,379

primary and secondary 

 schools reached

Parental control 

Singtel Surf School –

Qustodio Parental Control 

Schools

Elderly

Silver Mobile Workshops for Seniors 

Parents

notAnoobie mobile app 

Intervention

Help123

Singtel CyberWellness Toolkit for 

special education schools

Special Needs

Staf Volunteers

Optus Digital Smarts Day

Globe DTP Ambassadors

Singtel Group Digital Thumbprint Programme at a glance 

Optus Digital Thumbprint 

programme for high schools 

Digital Thumbprint with

Kids Helpline

#DQEveryChild for primary schools 

Globe Digital Thumbprint 

programme for high schools

Singtel Cyber Wellness Ambassadors


34

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Overview

Environment

Social

Governance

EXCELLENCE

Education and Employabilty

A key focus of our community strategy is to support youth with disabilities so that 

they can be equipped to join the workforce and be ready to lead independent 

lives. This focus is a natural extension of our long-term support for special 

education of students with disabilities. 

As one of the founding members and current co-chair, Singtel continues to 

participate actively in the Singapore Business Network on DisAbility (SBNoD). 

The network meets regularly to share expertise, experiences and resources to 

help advance the equitable inclusion of persons with disabilities in all aspects of 

business. 

Together with our SBNoD partners, Singtel has been supporting the RISE 

Mentorship Programme for tertiary students with disabilities by SG Enable, the 

national agency that promotes disability employment. We have fielded ten 

middle and top management members who volunteered to mentor ten students 

with various disabilities like vision, hearing and physical impairment and Autism 

Spectrum Disorder for the past three runs since February 2017. We also support 

SG Enable’s annual internship programme for these students and placed them 

in various business units like IT, Finance and Consumer Operations. 

We also supported SG Enable’s Training and Career 

Day 2017 by giving career talks on the various 

industries represented by our membership in 

SBNoD, as well as a CV clinic to help job seekers 

with disabilities.

In Australia, we continued to run our Pathways 

to Employment programme to build confidence 

and skills in youth and provide opportunity for 

them to secure employment with Optus Retail. 122 

students participated in the programme across 

seven workshops in Adelaide, Brisbane, Melbourne, 

Perth and Sydney, and were coached by 70 Optus 

Retail employees. They learnt about the retail 

environment and interview skills and at the end of 

the programme, received an Optus Retail Certificate. 

Ten outstanding students were subsequently 

employed in casual roles at Optus ‘yes’ stores.







(Left)

Staff mentors from the 

Singtel Cyber Security unit 

communicating with their 

students with hearing disability in 

the RISE Mentorship Programme

(Below)

Optus staff mentoring ABCN 

students to improve their 

confidence and employability skills

* To-date

700

14,000

visits

client assessments

more than

1,300

training sessions

100

organisations

for more than

participants

34 IT and contact centre

skills workshops for 315

Community


35

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Marketplace and Customers:  

The Best Experience

06

The Singtel Group is committed to being a responsible 

and innovative leader in the markets where we operate. 

Our strategy is underpinned by delivering an unparalleled 

customer experience while embracing responsible business 

practices across our operations and supply chain.

Customer Experience

We strive to deliver a superior customer experience that is defined by the quality of our 

products and services and customer care, as well as the range of innovative services and 

value that we offer to our customers.

they are assured of a consistent and seamless 

experience regardless of how they choose to 

interact with us. 

Singtel maintained its number one position on 

the Customer Satisfaction Index of Singapore 

(CSISG) - mobile sector - from 2013 to 2017 

despite intense market competition. We 

were also voted Singapore Best Telco at 

HWM+HardwareZone.com Tech Awards 2017: 

Readers Choice. 

In Singapore, for every 10 customer 

complaints via the media, social media, our 

website and management, we received 27 

compliments in FY2018, up from 25 last year. 

In Australia, the monthly average for 

Telecommunications Industry Ombudsman 

(TIO) complaints for phone and internet users 

about Optus was 3.7 complaints per 10,000 

services, up from 2.66 a year ago.



CUSTOMER SATISFACTION

We focus on giving the best value and experience 

to our customers and deepening our engagement 

and relationship with them in this highly 

competitive market.

Focus groups and user studies are conducted to 

establish clear understanding of customer needs.

We subject to-be launched products and services to 

rigorous testing to ensure that they meet customer 

expectations before introducing them to the market.

Singtel has embarked on an omni-channel strategy 

to compete in the new digital economy and maintain 

our leadership position in the market. By focusing on 

what truly matters to customers through extensive 

research and analytics, we leveraged an array of 

innovative technology to design a robust, customer-

focused omni-channel experience that allows 

customers to interact with Singtel and get things 

done – from buying and recontracting services to 

viewing and paying bills – on their preferred device 

and channel anytime, anywhere. More importantly, 

Overview

Environment

Social

Governance

EXCELLENCE


36

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Overview

Environment

Social

Governance

EXCELLENCE

PRODUCT AND SERVICE QUALITY

The Singtel Group is committed to offering our customers a great network and 

service experience. We therefore continuously enhance the reach, reliability and 

quality of our networks in Singapore and Australia.

Enhancing Network Reliability

Ensuring consistency in network and service performance is critical. We continue to 

invest in new base stations and towers, upgrade our technologies and increase our 

user capacity.

Ensuring Quality Standards

In Singapore, Singtel adheres to the Quality of Service standards set by the Info-

communications Media Development Authority of Singapore (IMDA) for the services 

that we offer. The regulator publishes periodic performance reports on the various 

operators in Singapore covering broadband, mobile and fixed telephone services. 

We continue to meet or exceed the quality of service standards for service coverage, 

network availability, network latency, installation and fault repair time. These reports 

can be found at www.imda.gov.sg.

Despite our efforts, there were occasional service disruptions. We notify our 

customers via various channels such as social media and our hotlines’ Interactive 

Voice Response once we confirm a specific network service disruption. Customers 

can also request to be notified via SMS when service resumes. 

In FY2018, there was no legal action regarding anti-competitive behaviour and 

violation of anti-trust legislation against the Singtel Group. During the year, we paid 

two fines totalling S$509,500 imposed by IMDA and there was no non-monetary 

sanction against Singtel.

• 

A S$500,000 fine for a broadband service difficulty incident in December 2016 

arising from a software design limitation.

• 

A S$9,500 fine for broadcasting a drama series containing restricted adult 

themes without classification rating or advisory.

Marketplace and Customers

Optus CEO Allen Lew (3rd from right) at Bunbury, Western Australia, when Optus donated a new 

outdoor electronic scoreboard for the South Bunbury Football Club as part of our commitment to 

network investment in regional Australia





Big Data Analytics for Predictive 

Routing at Singtel Hotlines

We analysed over 60 million records at 

our hotlines from our data warehouses 

and used Six Sigma tools and statistical 

software like speech analytics to 

investigate and validate root causes.

These insights helped us with formulating 

advanced analytical models to predict 

the reason for our customer’s call at 

the Interactive Voice Response system 

stage and enable smart routing for faster 

resolution and shorter waiting time.

Singtel 

S$783 million

Optus 

A$1.49 billion

Singtel 

S$178 million

Optus 

A$880 million

were invested in 

mobile networks 

in Singapore and 

Australia

Total capital  

investment of

S$2.35 billion 

in FY2018


37

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

INNOVATION

The Singtel Group innovates 

continuously and keeps abreast of rapid 

technology advancement and changing 

customer needs. We want to bring 

the latest and the best services and 

experience to our customers.  

Singtel Dash, our innovative mobile 

payment service, was named ‘FinTech 

Innovation of the Year 2017’ award at 

the FinTech Innovation Awards 2017 in 

Shanghai, China, and the Best Asian B2C 

Payments Initiative at Asia Seamless 

Awards 2017.

Singtel Group Future Makers

We continue to support charities, social 

entrepreneurs and social enterprises 

that leverage technological innovation 

to address social causes and scale 

their impact in the community. We 

do this through our Future Makers 

programme which we launched in 2016. 

In FY2018, we extended Future Makers 

from Singapore and Australia to the 

Philippines, where our associate Globe 

adopted the programme to help support 

social entrepreneurs to address poverty 

related issues in the country. Across 

Singapore, Australia and the Philippines, 

we funded more than S$500,000 in 

local and regional grants and provided 

capacity building support such as 

mentoring by cross-sector experts, 

competency workshops, networking and 

strategic partnership opportunities with 

the Singtel Group and our partners. 

Our ecosystem of partners comprised 

the non-profit sector, social enterprises, 

corporates and venture capital 

companies. Their engagement and 

support came in many forms such 

as programme partners, mentors 

and speakers. Our in-house subject 

matter experts from various business 

units, including centre of operational 

excellence, digital marketing, enterprise 

sales, HR, legal and strategy, were 

involved in roles like mentors and 

coaches as part of our skilled 

volunteering effort. 

We also included challenge briefs from 

our community and corporate partners 

like Home Nursing Foundation, MINDS, 

SMRT and World Vision Australia, as 

we aimed to connect our start-ups with 

relevant community partners to help 

them better understand the challenges 

of some of these social issues and the 

solutions needed. 

The three programmes by Singtel, Optus 

and Globe culminated in our inaugural 

Singtel Group Future Makers 2017. Six 

start-ups with regional potential were 

selected from 19 contenders from the 

local tracks – chosen from a total of over 

250 applicants – to attend the regional 

track for support to scale their solutions 

and access into other markets where the 

Singtel Group operates.



The six regional finalist teams gathered in Sydney, Australia, in November 2017 where they participated in the two-day Impact Investment Summit Asia 

Pacific and a one-day workshop at the Optus campus. The teams had the opportunity to pitch their solutions for pressing social challenges to a panel of 

judges comprising representatives from Giant Leap Fund, Impact Generation Partners, Qualgro Venture Capital and World Vision Australia to score an 

additional S$100,000 in funding from the Singtel Group, which would help them expand regionally for greater community impact


38

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Overview

Environment

Social

Governance

EXCELLENCE

Workshops

• Business Modelling

• Corporate Engagement

• Finanical Projections

• Go-to-Market Strategy

• Growth Hacking

• Product Development  

 and Testing

• Social Impact Assessment

• Venture Landscape  

 Sharing and Pitching

• Vision, Mission, Team  

 Alignment

Community and 

Other Events

• Impact Investment Summit  

 Asia Pacific 2017 

 (Regional Track)

• TBN Asia Conference 2017

Monthly Community Events: 

• Programme Kickoff

• Community Engagement

• Know your Legal RIghts

• Pitching with Singtel Innov8

• Pitching to Impact Investors

Marketplace and Customers



Enabling Independent Travel for Persons with Disabilities

Transportation is one of the most basic needs in everyone’s daily life. Despite the sophisticated public transportation 

infrastructure in Singapore, commuters with special needs face challenges when taking public transport.

Through our Future Makers programme, we supported Hapticus, a Singapore technology social impact start-up, 

which is working on an online transportation booking system to cater to the transportation needs for persons 

with disabilities. We also facilitated a joint problem brief between Movement for the Intellectually Disabled of 

Singapore (MINDS) and public transport operator SMRT to address the gap in independent travelling for persons 

with intellectual disabilities. Hapticus then developed a prototype based on feedback gathered from this group and 

the caregivers. The first version of the app was piloted together with MINDS clients in January 2018. In addition, 

Hapticus was one of the two regional finalists selected to attend the Impact Investment Summit Asia Pacific 2017 

in Australia and received an additional grant of S$20,000 from the Singtel Group as well as capacity building 

workshops and networking opportunities. During the Summit, they had discussions with relevant ecosystem 

partners and investors to conceptualise their regional plans of expanding into the Australian market.

At Singtel, our objective behind each social investment project is to assess outcomes and 

benefits to understand the social impact created for the intended beneficiaries and stakeholders. 

Read our inaugural Singapore Impact Report on the progress and milestones of selected social impact start-ups 

and alumni of the Singtel Future Makers programme. 

?

?

6

28

9

9

Group 

Topical 

Mentoring 

Sessions

• Business Strategy

• Design Thinking

• Digital Marketing

• HR

• Leadership

• Personal and 

 Brand Storytelling

• Sales

Coaching 

and Mentoring 

Sessions Delivered

• 1-1 mentoring with VP  

 Group Sustainability, Singtel

• Ad-hoc clinics with 

 Singtel Legal team

• Monthly 1-1 coaching  

 with programme coaches

• Monthly 1-1 mentoring  

 with start-up mentors


39

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

The Singtel Group strives to reduce 

the negative impact of our products 

and services. Our responsibility 

encompasses governance and anti-

corruption as well as safety, data 

privacy and fair communications for our 

stakeholders in the marketplace.

CUSTOMER HEALTH 

AND SAFETY

Today, the perceived health risks 

associated with the emission of 

Electromagnetic Energy (EME)  from 

mobile devices, base stations and 

tower infrastructure remain a concern 

for our customers, the community and 

regulators. This is despite the absence of 

conclusive evidence on adverse health 

effects caused by mobile phone usage.

Please refer to our website for 

information on our efforts and measures 

to ensure compliance with both local and 

global standards for such emissions.

In Singapore, we continue to engage 

the National Environment Agency 

(NEA) during the year, which conducted 

eight radiation measurements at 

locations of concern island-wide. 

The results showed that our mobile 

base stations complied with the 

radio frequency radiation levels and 

safety guidelines set by International 

Commission on Non-Ionizing Radiation 

Protection (ICNIRP). The findings were 

shared with the stakeholders who 

raised the concern. 

We also submit to IMDA a monthly report 

on newly commissioned base stations 

to ensure that their Effective Isotropic 

Radiated Power or transmission power is 

within its guideline.  

In Australia, we conduct audits of base 

stations and undertake predictive 

EME modelling and testing to ensure 

compliance at our sites with the 

Australian standards. We publish the 

EME reports of all our sites at 

www.rfnsa.com.au.

CUSTOMER DATA 

PRIVACY AND 

PROTECTION

We conduct our business in compliance 

with data protection laws – the 

Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA) 

in Singapore and the Privacy Act and 

Telecommunications Act in Australia. 

These laws cover various rules 

governing the collection, use, disclosure 

and care of personal data. Singtel’s 

Group Chief Information Officer is also 

our Data Protection Officer and reports 

to the Board Risk Committee to manage 

this important matter. 

During the year, we conducted over 

1,000 Privacy Impact Assessments in 

our Singapore and Australian operations 

to identify and assess personal data 

protection risks in our systems or 

processes that involve the handling of 

personal data, with recommendations 

addressing the risks.

We issued comprehensive guidelines 

on our staff portal Espresso to help our 

employees comply with the PDPA in 

Singapore. These guidelines cover the 

various aspects under three categories 

of collecting, disclosing and disposing of 

personal data. We also implemented a 

mandatory online privacy training for our 

Ethical and Responsible Business Practices

employees in Singapore and Australia. 

Our training programme was a finalist 

in the Australian Institute of Training 

and Development National Training 

Excellence Awards. 

We recorded 21 minor incidents in 

Singapore and 48 cases in Australia 

of unintended data disclosure during 

the year, mainly due to human lapses 

and negligence, such as disclosing 

personal data to unintended recipients 

over the phone and sending documents 

containing personal data to the wrong 

email or postal addresses. Three of 

these cases were referred by the 

Personal Data Protection Commission of 

Singapore. We continue to work with our 

staff to reduce the recurrence of such 

lapses. From 22 February 2018, certain 

eligible data breaches are notifiable to 

the Office of the Australian Information 

Commissioner and Optus did not have 

such data breaches during the year.

To help enterprise customers protect 

their own data and their customer 

data, the Singtel Group offers a suite 

of cyber security solutions powered 

by our US-based subsidiary Trustwave 

and the Group’s ten Advanced Security 

Operations Centres (ASOCs) across Asia 

Marketplace and Customers




40

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Overview

Environment

Social

Governance

EXCELLENCE

Pacific, Europe and US. Supported by 

about 2,000 cyber security professionals, 

we leverage our ASOCs’ global threat 

intelligence, threat data analytics and 

advanced security automation capabilities 

to provide our enterprise customers 

with real-time monitoring, response 

and remediation against advanced and 

evolving cyber threats. 

To meet the demand for cyber security 

talent, we have partnered government 

agencies, tertiary institutions and leading 

cyber security service providers to build 

a sustainable cyber security talent pool.

FAIR MARKETING 

COMMUNICATIONS

We recognise that fair marketing 

practices and being transparent in 

the way we communicate are critical 

to build trust and loyalty among our 

customers. Our marketing code sets 

out the requirements that Singtel 

organisations and representatives 

must follow to ensure that all marketing 

activities comply with various laws and 

guidelines such as the Singapore Code 

of Advertising Practice, IMDA Codes of 

Practice and Guidelines and PDPA. 

There were no cases of non-compliance 

with regulations and voluntary codes 

concerning marketing communications 

at Singtel in Singapore during the year. 

However, we received three consumer 

complaints from the Advertising 

Standards Authority of Singapore, of 

which two were found to be invalid 

claims that our advertisements were 

misleading. The third involved a new 

mobile phone brand that claimed to 

have the “largest capacity found in 

any smartphone”. We amended the 

advertisement copy which was provided 

by the mobile phone manufacturer.

On 11 December 2017, the Australian 

Competition and Consumer Commission 

(ACCC) accepted a court enforceable 

undertaking from Optus in relation 

to claims about speeds available to 

consumers on our fibre-to-the-node and 

fibre-to-the-building broadband plans 

offered over the National Broadband 

Network (NBN) that were likely to 

contravene the Australian Consumer Law. 

On 22 May 2018, Optus was fined by the 

Federal Court A$1.5 million for making 

misleading representations to customers 

about their transition from our network to 

the NBN. 

ANTI-CORRUPTION

We continue to manage the Group’s 

exposure to corruption risks by applying 

and emphasising good corporate 

governance, business ethics and 

transparency while applying robust internal 

controls in business processes as our core 

approach. Our efforts in this area have been 

recognised through the 2018 World’s Most 

Ethical Companies ranking by Ethisphere 

Institute for the eighth consecutive year. 

Singtel is the only company in Singapore 

as well as in Asia’s telecommunications 

industry to be honoured with this accolade.

We ensure that the Group’s zero tolerance 

policy towards fraud, corruption and 

unethical actions is strictly adhered to. Our 

Group policies on Fraud Investigation and 

Whistleblower Programme underpin our 

fraud risk management framework and 

processes. Please refer to our website 

for more information on this topic under 

Corporate Governance. 

In August 2017, we published our Singtel 

Group Anti-Bribery and Corruption 

Policy, which reinforces our longstanding 

zero tolerance approach to bribery and 

corruption of any form that is set out in 

our Code of Conduct. All Singtel Board of 

Directors, employees and third parties who 

represent us such as suppliers, contractors 

and business partners, must comply with this 

policy at all times. They must also comply 

with all relevant laws like the UK Bribery Act 

in countries where we conduct business.

We received a total of 103 cases via 

our whistleblower channels during 

the year. After investigation, 44 cases 

were substantiated and 42 cases were 

not, with the remaining 17 cases under 

investigation at the end of FY2018. Two 

of the substantiated cases took place 

outside Singapore and Australia. We 

closed 15 matters received in the prior 

year that were still under investigation as 

at 31 March 2017.

Number of cases received in FY2018 

via Whistleblower Hotlines

Number of confirmed incidents in which employees 

were dismissed or disciplined for corruption

Number of confirmed incidents when contracts 

with business partners were terminated or not 

renewed due to violations related to corruption

Singtel

Singtel

Optus

Optus

2

1

0

0

Received

Substantiated

Not 

Substantiated

Under 

Investigation

Singtel

37

11

17

9

Optus

66

33

25

8

Singtel Group

103

44

42

17

Marketplace and Customers


41

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Highlights of the substantiated cases:

• 

22 cases involved breach of policy and gaps in business  

 

processes by employees

• 

10 cases of identity theft related issues in Australia that  

 

affected customers or members of the public

• 

9 cases of employee misconduct and inappropriate  

 

behaviour involving unethical behaviour, conflict  

 

of interest, breach of code of conduct and corruption

• 

2 cases involving harassment of fellow employees

• 

1 case of vendor fraud involving forged documents

When these cases came to our attention, independent internal 

investigations were immediately conducted by our Internal 

Audit or investigation teams led by our subject matter experts. 

When an alleged corrupt or other criminal act by an employee 

is substantiated, the persons of interest were terminated and 

the matters reported to the relevant law enforcement authority.

During the year, we amended the public communications in 

Australia so that calls regarding customer identity theft were 

directly referred to our Optus’ ID Theft Hotline. This resulted 

in a significant decrease in call volumes to our Whistleblower 

hotline in Australia.  

SUSTAINABLE SUPPLY 

CHAIN MANAGEMENT

The Singtel Group has an extensive supply chain ranging from 

equipment and infrastructure suppliers to advertising agencies 

and content providers.

Given the complex nature and the widespread geographical 

presence of our supply chain, we believe that by collaborating 

with socially and environmentally conscious suppliers, we 

can mitigate a significant proportion of our sustainability risks 

and impacts. Results from our Life Cycle Assessment and 

Social Hotspot Analysis are further testimony to the need for 

responsible procurement practices in our business. Please 

refer to our website for more details.

MANAGING SUSTAINABILITY IN OUR SUPPLY CHAIN 

In FY2018, we circulated our self-assessment questionnaire 

to gather inputs from our next set of top 50 suppliers. This 

questionnaire was developed last year and covered eight key 

ESG categories. All new suppliers were also assessed through 

the questionnaire as part of their on-boarding tender process.

From the assessment, we are generally satisfied with the 

approach our larger suppliers have for the key ESG matters of 

importance to the Singtel Group.  

For suppliers who lack sufficient documentation to support their 

claims, we will request for more information regarding their 

areas of high sustainability risks. This will allow us to undertake 

a deeper dive into how our suppliers manage these key areas. 

If we are not satisfied that they have robust systems and 

methodologies governing the key ESG topics, we will request for 

further engagement and determine if there is a need to flag for 

third-party audits.

With the progress made with our Sustainable Supply Chain 

management programme, we are sharpening our focus on four 

key groups of suppliers who pose higher risks in our supply 

chain: Devices, Network equipment, IT hardware and Offshore 

call centres. 

During the year, we also undertook a Security Compliance 

Assessment and visited 14 offshore secure locations to ensure 

that the facilities were set up according to the agreed regulatory 

security architecture and controls.  

We are committed to inclusive procurement practices, which 

we believe will create long-term value for our partners and 

communities. Optus is a member of Supply Nation, a direct 

business-to-business purchasing link between corporate 

Australia, government agencies and Indigenous-owned 

businesses. As a Supply Nation member, we meet the 

requirements of the Australian Government’s Indigenous 

Opportunity Policy and have access to an online database of 

Supply Nation-certified Indigenous business suppliers whom 

we seek to engage for services. We will proactively promote 

the services of Indigenous suppliers as part of our wider 

inclusion strategy.

The Singtel Group 

contracted 

6,534 

suppliers worldwide 

in FY2018


42

Singapore Telecommunications Limited Sustainability Report 2018

Overview

Environment

Social

Governance

EXCELLENCE

Warning Issued

5 cases

‘Show Cause’ Meeting with Contractor

6 cases

Under Improvement Monitoring

6 cases

SAFETY OF OUR CONTRACTORS 

We continued with the Singtel Safe Contractor Accreditation 

(SCA) scheme, a set of Singtel’s Workplace Safety and Health 

(WSH) standards that we piloted last year for contractors who 

perform high-risk technical or physical work in Singapore. We 

identified 120 contractors in the high risk category who require 

SCA accreditation and failure to do so will disqualify them from 

obtaining future contracts with Singtel. Our contractors have 

made good progress in this area with elevated WSH standards, 

with 105 achieving our SCA accreditation. 

We increased efforts to identify lapses on-ground and help 

our contractors put in place programmes to address any 

unsafe work practice. We also produced a manhole safety 

video highlighting common risks and safe procedures to carry 

out work. The video is based on actual work scenes so that 

viewers can easily relate to. 

We continued to issue ‘show cause’ notices for cases where 

serious safety violations were observed. During the year, 

we conducted more than 2,000 inspections. Contractors 

found to have infringements attended our Safety Time Out 

Programme (STOP) and implemented necessary precautions 

before resuming work with Singtel.

2,307

inspections

441

minor safety 

infringements

3,719

positive findings

11

major 

infringements

Enforcement Actions

Percentage of supplier responses that satisfied the 

Singtel Group Supplier Self Assessment*

Marketplace and Customers

50

Suppliers 

invited

30

Suppliers 

responded

* Based on a defined materiality 

scope relevant to the supplier, and 

information provided by suppliers 

including policies, procedures, 

documentation, and publicly 

available data and disclosures

Data Protection 

and Cyber Security

95%

Electromagnetic 

Energy

100%

Environmental 

Management

82%

Corporate 

Governance

100%

Conflict Minerals

95%

Human Rights / 

Labour Rights

86%

Anti-Bribery 

and Corruption

86%

Workplace Safety 

and Health 

86%


SINGAPORE TELECOMMUNICATIONS LIMITED

(CRN:199201624D)

31 Exeter Road

Comcentre

Singapore 239732

T +65 6838 3388

F +65 6732 8428

www.singtel.com

Copyright © 2018

Printed on environmentally friendly paper

