
1

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19





Sustainability

Report 

2018/19




















2

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

Contents

01 

INTRODUCTION

03 

Board Statement

03 

About the Report

04 

Organisation Profile

05  

STRATEGY AND APPROACH

05 

Sustainability Overview

07 

Our Business Strategy

08 

Sustainability Governance Structure

09 

Stakeholder Engagement

10 

Materiality Assessment

12  

OUR GOVERNANCE

12 

Compliance with Laws and Regulations

14 

Ethics, Anti-bribery and Corruption

15 

Business Continuity Planning

17 

OUR PEOPLE

19 

OUR OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE

19 

Product and Service Innovation

21 

Data Security and Privacy

23 

Responsible Supply Chain

24 

OUR CUSTOMERS

24 

Customer Satisfaction

26 

OUR ENVIRONMENT

27 

Fuel Usage, Energy Consumption and 

 

Associated Greenhouse Gas Emissions

29 

OUR COMMUNITY

29 

Community Investment

GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX


3

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

1.1 Board Statement

The Board is committed to building a sustainable business model geared towards 

creating long-term value for the stakeholders of Singapore Post Limited (“SingPost”) 

as it progresses on its transformation journey. Responsible corporate stewardship is an 

imperative, focusing not just on the economic factors in business, but also the 

Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) aspects of our operations. 

For this second Sustainability Report, SingPost reached out to some of its external 

stakeholders to identify ESG matters that are important to them. The exercise resulted in 

two new material ESG matters and an additional ESG matter being included in 

the report, which the Board has validated. The two new material matters – 

Product and Service Innovation, and Customer Satisfaction, address critical aspects 

of our business and operations, and are integral to the long term success of the 

business. The Company has also selected to report an additional matter – Community 

Investment. 

 

The Board continues to oversee the strategic management of the sustainability-related 

risks and opportunities of the ESG matters of the Company. 

1.2 About the Report

This is SingPost’s second Sustainability Report. The report covers ESG performance 

across the three business segments – Post &amp; Parcel1, Logistics, eCommerce – in Singapore 

from 1 April 2018 to 31 March 2019 (“FY2018/19”), with historical performance 

data (“FY2017/18” and “FY2016/17”) included for comparison, where applicable. 

 

This report has been prepared in line with the internationally recognised Global Reporting 

Initiative (“GRI”) Standards – Core option, and the Singapore Exchange Securities 

Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”) Mainboard Listing Rule 711(B). The GRI framework is a 

broad set of globally applicable standards and appropriate for reporting on our industry 

and business. 

We continue to adopt a phased approach to our reporting; we will consider seeking 

external assurance as our sustainability reporting matures over time. 

We welcome feedback on any aspects of our sustainability journey. Please address your 

feedback to csr@singpost.com. 

Introduction

1 

SP Parcels was merged into the Postal Services division, now called Post &amp; Parcel, during the financial year.


4

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

As the country’s postal service provider, SingPost has been delivering trusted and reliable services to homes and businesses in Singapore for over 160 years. SingPost has grown 

from a humble single mail office in the 19th century to an international organisation with operations in 19 markets worldwide. Listed on the SGX-ST, SingPost’s largest 

shareholders are Singapore Telecommunications Limited (21.96%) and Alibaba Group Holding Limited (14.56%). 

 

We continue to grow our eCommerce logistics business as well as provide innovative mail and logistics solutions to customers in Singapore and around the world, with a vision of 

becoming a global leader in eCommerce logistics and trusted communications. 

 

We are guided by our core values (Figure 1) to foster and underpin a culture of openness, trust and accountability in the organisation. 

1.3 Organisation Profile 

Logistics

eCommerce

Post &amp; Parcel



As the designated Public Postal Licensee in Singapore, we are committed 

to our service obligations. We offer reliable and quality domestic and 

international postal services, and end-to-end mail solutions. We have a 

wide network of touch points, with 57 post offices, 7 delivery bases, 

over 300 self-service automated machines, 743 posting boxes and 

163 POPStation smart lockersacross Singapore. 

We provide end-to-end solutions across the eCommerce value chain, 

including eCommerce technology solutions to leading international brands, 

creating and managing enterprise-grade online stores, digital marketing and 

customer care under our subsidiary SP eCommerce.  

We offer end-to-end eCommerce logistics solutions to tap the growing

eCommerce market in Asia Pacific. Through our subsidiaries Quantum 

Solutions, Famous Holdings and General Storage, we provide a diverse 

range of logistics solutions covering freight, warehousing, domestic and 

international distribution and delivery services. 





Figure 1: SingPost’s core values











Core 

Values

Top Execution

One Team

Total Customer

Trust

Transformation


5

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19



Strategy and Approach

2.1 Sustainability Overview

As a trusted organisation connecting people, businesses and communities for over 

160 years, SingPost is committed to managing and operating its business and 

resources to create long term value for its stakeholders.  

Sustainability at SingPost is grouped into six key pillars. Our Governance underpins 

everything that we do. We ensure our Operational Excellence throughout our 

business operations to create value for our Customers across our business 

segments. Throughout our operations, SingPost seeks to be a good steward of 

our People, Community and Environment.  

Figure 2: Sustainability overview

The Logistics of Sustainability

Delivering long term value for our stakeholders

Our 

Customers























Our 

People

Our Governance

Our 

Operational Excellence

Our 

Community

Our 

Environment

Logistics

Post &amp; Parcel

eCommerce


6

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

Our

Governance

Our

People

Our

Operational

Execllence

Our

Environment

Our

Community



Our

Customers



Adopting best-in-class 

corporate governance 

practices

We are committed to 

a high standard of 

corporate governance 

for the long term 

sustainability of our 

business. 

We do so by ensuring:

• compliance with 

 

statutory and 

 

regulatory 

 

requirements;

•  ethical business 

 

practices throughout 

 

our operations; and

•  operational readiness 

 

through business 

 

continuity.

More information on our 

Governance can be found 

under 3.1 Compliance with 

Laws and Regulations, 

3.2 Ethics, Anti-Bribery 

and Corruption; and 

3.3 Business Continuity 

Planning.

 



Building a sustainable 

workforce for the future

To build a workforce 

ready for the future, 

we centre on efforts to 

develop and grow our 

staff. 

We do so by:

• fostering a fair and 

 

inclusive workplace;

•  cultivating a learning 

 

culture;

•  building team 

 

camaraderie; and

 

ensuring workplace 

 

safety and health.

More information on 

our People can be found 

under 4. Our People.

 

Achieving operational 

excellence in everything 

we do

To keep our business 

future-proof, we are 

constantly transforming 

to better adapt to 

changing trends and 

meet the needs of our 

stakeholders.

 

We do so by:

• driving innovation in 

 

all aspects of our 

 

business and 

 

operations;

•  safeguarding our 

 

data security and the 

 

data privacy of our 

 

stakeholders; and

• managing our supply 

 

chain responsibly.

More information on our 

Operational Excellence 

can be found under 

5.1 Product and Service 

Innovation, 5.2 Data 

Security and Privacy and 

5.3 Responsible Supply 

Chain. 

Meeting the needs of 

our customers

Our customers are the 

core of our business. We 

are committed to driving 

higher service standards 

organisation-wide to 

improve overall customer 

satisfaction. 

We do so by:

• obtaining feedback 

 

from customers 

 

through various 

 

channels;

•  measuring customer 

 

satisfaction across key 

 

customer touchpoints; 

 

and

•  continuously 

 

improving and 

 

innovating to enhance 

 

our customers’ 

 

experiences.

More information on 

our Customers can 

be found under 

6.1 Customer Satisfaction.

 

Exercising environmental 

stewardship

We are committed 

to environmental 

stewardship, and 

focused on minimising 

the impact of our 

operations on the 

environment, as well as 

conserving resources. 

Initiatives include:

• optimising delivery 

 

routes;

•  fulfilling more deliveries 

 

with POPStations;

•  smart head office; and 

•  ReCYCLE, an e-waste 

 

recycling programme.

More information on 

our Environmental 

stewardship can 

be found under 

7.1 Fuel Usage, Energy 

Consumption and 

Associated Greenhouse 

Gas Emissions.  

Uplifting the lives of 

the disadvantaged and 

preserving our postal 

heritage

We believe in mobilising 

our people, leveraging 

our competencies, 

preserving our postal 

heritage and fostering 

collaborations to bring 

positive outcomes in our 

community initiatives. 

Our programmes include:

• delivering food to 

 

those in need;

•  postmen visits to 

 

seniors while on 

 

their delivery rounds; 

•  pledging corporate

 

donations and 

 

facilitating public 

 

donations;

•  supporting community 

 

campaigns; and

•  encouraging charity at 

 

work

More information on 

our contributions to the 

Community can be found 

under 8.1 Community 

Investment.


7

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

To meet the evolving demands and expectations of of our stakeholders, there is a need for constant innovation and transformation. To achieve this, we are guided by our business 

transformation strategy, LEAP23.  

2.2 Our Business Strategy 

Winning in our home market 

We aim to win in our home market, 

extending our lead as Singapore’s 

premier provider of last-mile delivery 

services, and driving scale of our 

eCommerce warehouse and fulfilment 

operations. 

Igniting future growth engines

We are igniting future growth engines 

by increasing global eCommerce flows 

in our network, including strengthening 

our strategic collarboration with Alibaba 

and associated companies. 

Extracting full value from 

investments 

We will extract full value from 

investments made especially from 

international subsidiaries and associates.

Drive to cost leadership

Underpinning these strategies is our 

drive to cost leadership. We are 

undergoing cost transformations to 

optimise our cost base, giving us a 

competitive edge in the market. 

Figure 3: SingPost’s transformation strategy - LEAP23


8

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

2.3 Sustainability Governance Structure  

Sustainability matters are governed and managed across various levels in the 

organisation. 

 

The Board of Directors has oversight over SingPost’s sustainability matters. 

The Group CEO is accountable for the management and monitoring of sustainability 

matters, including the respective matters’ strategies, policies, practices, performance 

and targets. 

 

Each sustainability matter is overseen by the relevant senior management and their 

department, or a working committee. 

 

SingPost’s Sustainability department is responsible for initiating, driving and monitoring 

the various aspects of SingPost’s sustainability practices. The Sustainability department 

works with the relevant business and support units for each sustainability matter 

and reports to the Group Chief Brand &amp; Communications Officer.  









Board 

of Directors

Group

CEO

Sustainability

Department

Relevant

Departments /

Committee /

Working Groups

Figure 4: SingPost’s sustainability governance structure


9

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

2.4 Stakeholder Engagement

We seek to maintain our position as a trusted organisation connecting people, businesses and communities, and work to engage our stakeholders and gain their trust. As we 

continue to meet the needs of and create value for our stakeholders, we have in place arrangements to enable us to listen to and communicate with our stakeholders on a regular basis. 

Our key stakeholders are shown in Figure 5.  

UNIVERSAL POSTAL UNION

A specialised agency of the United Nations that coordinates postal 

policies among member nations, in addition to the worldwide 

postal system. 

GOVERNMENT / REGULATORS

Infocomm Media Development Authority, 

Singapore Exchange, Ministry of Manpower, 

National Environment Agency, etc

LOCAL COMMUNITIES

The disadvantaged in the communities

in which we operate. 

SUPPLIERS

Airlines, international postal agencies, 

delivery partners, etc.

SHAREHOLDERS

Institutional investors, equity analysts, retail investors, 

Securities Investors Association of Singapore.

EMPLOYEES/OTHER WORKERS

Including contract and temporary workers. 

TRADE UNION

Union of Telecoms Employees of Singapore (“UTES”)

CUSTOMERS

Corporates, retail customers, general public. 

Figure 5: Key stakeholders of SingPost

More information on how SingPost engages with our stakeholders can be found in pages 70 to 72 of our Annual Report 2018/19.



S

h

a

r

e

h

ol

d

e

r

s

Pa

rt

n

e

rs

E

m

p

l

o

y

e

e

s

 /

 

Ot

h

er

 

W

o

r

k

e

r

s 

C

u

st

o

m

e

r

s

S

u

p

p

li

e

rs

L

o

c

a

l

Co

m

m

un

it

ie

s

Go

ve

rn

m

e

n

t

/

Re

gu

la

t

o

r

s

U

ni

ve

rs

al

 P

o

st

al

U

ni

on









PARTNERS

Business and community partners.

T

ra

de

 U

ni

o

n


10

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

SingPost defines material sustainability matters as matters that reflect our significant ESG impacts and will substantially influence the decision-making process of our stakeholders. 

To identify our material sustainability matters, SingPost conducted a formal materiality assessment process2 internally in FY2017/18 and an external stakeholder engagement 

in FY2018/19.      

2.5 Materiality Assessment 

2017/18

2018/19

A comprehensive list of potential material sustainability 

matters was drawn up, taking into account insights from 

internal stakeholder engagement (including consideration 

of the interests and concerns of external stakeholders), 

and benchmarking of industry peers’ and key customers’ 

ESG factors. Cross-functional interviews and focus group 

discussions were conducted with the management to

refine the list of potential material sustainability matters.

Materiality assessment workshops were conducted with 

the management, followed by an anonymous electronic 

voting exercise by the management on 24 potential 

material sustainability matters.

 

The results were plotted on a materiality matrix that 

displays each matter’s position relative to the degree 

of impact to both internal and external stakeholders. 

A total of six key material sustainability matters were 

selected by top management for reporting.

 

The results were presented to the Board for validation and 

approval.

External Stakeholder Engagement

We connected with several investors, 

customers and the trade union for their 

inputs on the sustainability matters that 

are important to them in their capacity 

as an external stakeholder of SingPost. 

 

 

 

 

Their inputs resulted in two new material 

ESG matters and one additional matter 

for reporting.  

The new list of sustainability matters was 

presented to the Board for validation and 

approval.  

In subsequent reporting periods, reviews 

will be done to ensure continued relevance 

to SingPost’s business and operations. 

 

 

 

 

2 

The  materiality assessment process is primarily guided by the Reporting Principles of Sustainability Context, Completeness, Stakeholder Inclusiveness and Materiality, as set out in the GRI Standards. 

Figure 6: Materiality assessment exercises in FY2017/18 and FY2018/19


11

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

2.5 Materiality Assessment (Cont’d)

SingPost’s Sustainability Matters

No.

Material Matters

GRI Topic-specific Standards

Category

1

Compliance with Laws and Regulations 

GRI 307: Environmental Compliance

GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance

Governance

2

Ethics, Anti-bribery and Corruption 

GRI 102: General Disclosure

GRI 205: Anti-Corruption

Governance

3

Business Continuity Planning 

GRI 102: General Disclosure

Governance

4

Data Security and Privacy

GRI 418: Customer Privacy

Governance*

5

Product and Service InnovationNEW

No relevant GRI topic-specific disclosure

Social

6

Responsible Supply Chain 

GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment

GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment

Social

7

Customer SatisfactionNEW

No relevant GRI topic-specific disclosure

Social

8

Fuel Usage, Energy Consumption and Associated Greenhouse Gas 

Emissions 

GRI 302: Energy 

GRI 305: Emissions

Environment

No.

Additional Matter

GRI Topic-specific Standards

Category

A1

Community Investment

Not mapped to any GRI topic-specific disclosure

Social

*Data Security and Privacy has been reclassified to the Governance category from the Social category. 


12

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

Our Governance

3.1 Compliance with Laws and Regulations

Complying with regulatory requirements remains a crucial aspect of our daily operations, forming the 

basis for good corporate governance within the Group. Non-compliance with any regulatory 

requirements such as a breach of licence conditions and service failures may result in direct legal 

consequences, undermining both our capability and character reputation. To maintain the 

confidence of our stakeholders and safeguard our financial performance, it is vital that we comply 

with applicable regulations. 

SingPost aspires to uphold the highest standards of corporate governance. As such, our 

framework of policies and controls serves to guard against any possibilities of 

non-compliance, by ensuring that all activities and operations we carry out 

comply with regulatory requirements. Regular monitoring, evaluation and auditing 

of the processes ensure that our framework remains updated and relevant. 

Our Whistle-blowing Policy provides a grievance channel for all stakeholders to 

report any violation, which aids in improving transparency in our business dealings. 

Led and guided by the Board, corporate governance remains a key focus in ensuring 

the sustainability of our operations. Please refer to the Corporate Governance report 

in the Annual Report for more information, as well as our website www.singpost.com 

for our governance policies. 

Some of our key compliance areas include postal, financial sector, and workplace 

safety and health regulations. 



Postal Regulations

As a Public Postal Licensee designated by the Infocomm Media Development Authority 

(“IMDA”), SingPost is governed by the Postal Services Act (Cap 237A), the Postal Licence,

Postal Services Regulations, Postal Services Operations Code, Postal Competition Code 

and other directions and guidelines issued by IMDA, and is committed to: 

•	

complying	with	every	direction	of	the	Postal	Authority	(i.e.	IMDA);	

•	

performing	a	set	of	universal	service	obligations;	and	

•	

ensuring	the	reliability	of	the	provision	of	postal3  services to the public. Incidents of 

 

non-compliance may attract financial penalties. 

In carrying out quality assurance, IMDA measures SingPost’s performance in terms of 

Quality of Service standards and constantly reviews our mail processes for robustness. 

Please refer to the Customer Satisfaction section for more details. 

3 

This consists of both domestic and international mail, and the ancillary services, post office network. 


13

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

3.1 Compliance with Laws and Regulations (Cont’d)

Financial Sector Regulations

We are regulated under the Monetary Authority of Singapore Financial Advisers Act 

(Chapter 1104) as we offer financial services distribution via partners at our 

post offices. To ensure compliance by our financial services ambassadors, 

we conduct quarterly compliance validation training and tests, and put in place 

compliance key performance indicators.   

Workplace Safety &amp; Health Regulations 

We are committed to providing a healthy and safe work environment for our staff, and 

we seek to perform beyond regulatory requirements – Employment Act, Retirement 

&amp; Re-employment Act, Workplace Safety &amp; Health (“WSH”) Act, Work Injury 

Compensation (“WIC”) Act – to protect their rights and welfare. Our Group WSH 

policy and WIC policy outline our commitment towards a safety culture of zero 

accidents, injuries or damage to the assets and human resources of SingPost.    

4 

Notice and Appointment of Introducers by Financial Advisors: Regulation 31 of the Financial Advisers GN. No. S462/2002. 

Emphasising workplace safety and health 

We have increased efforts to enforce good workplace safety management and 

compliance to safety regulations. These include monthly meetings of the WSH 

committee held with WSH representatives of business and supporting units, 

and WSH personnel, to report and monitor on-site inspections and workplace

incidences. 

 

A WSH Campaign was organised in March 2018 to enhance the awareness of 

employees by promoting and publicising the importance of safety and health in 

the workplace. A series of activities was organised focusing on drivers’ safety 

awareness, general safety, fire safety and personal health wellness. Moving 

forward, we plan to launch more WSH initiatives such as driver’s safety 

programmes and safety awareness promotional activities. 

We strive to maintain our target of zero non-compliance cases. SingPost is 

certified a bizSAFE Level 3 organisation by the WSH Council of Singapore. 

Target

Performance 

No significant fines or non-monetary sanctions 

relating to non-compliance with laws and 

regulations

Financial penalty of S$300,000 imposed by 

IMDA for not meeting the Quality of Service 

standards for the delivery of local and 

international basic letters and registered 

basic letters for January to December 2018.

*Note: SingPost has taken active measures to improve our performance and has shared the details under the 

Customer Satisfaction section of this report


14

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

Policy

Scope

ABC Policy 

Sets out guiding principles to conduct our business with 

honesty, fairness and high ethical standards.

Code of Business Conduct 

and Ethics for directors

Provides guidance to directors on areas of ethical risk 

and sets a framework where integrity and accountability 

are paramount.

Code of Ethics for 

employees

Sets out manner in which employees are to perform 

their duties and carry out their dealings with customers, 

suppliers, competitors and other parties.

Directors’ Conflict of 

Interest Policy

Sets out principles to guide directors in instances of 

actual or potential conflicts of interest.

Whistle-blowing Policy

Sets guidelines for stakeholders to raise concerns about 

possible matters of improprieties or wrongdoings in 

confidence.

3.2 Ethics, Anti-bribery and Corruption

SingPost upholds high standards of business ethics and integrity as it has a direct bearing on 

our reputation and the confidence of stakeholders and investors. This guiding principle also 

extends to our contractors, suppliers and subsidiaries as set out in our Supplier Code 

of Conduct. 

We support all applicable anti-bribery/corruption legislations and these include: 

 

•	

Prevention	of	Corruption	Act	of	Singapore	(PCA),	the	Penal	Code	and	The	Corruption,	

 

Drug Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of Benefits) Act; 

•	

UK	Bribery	Act	(“Bribery	Act”);	and	

•	

US	Foreign	Corrupt	Practices	Act	(“FCPA”)		

We have zero tolerance towards corruption and are committed to conducting our businesses 

with utmost integrity, transparency and honesty, as well as implementing and enforcing 

effective systems to counter bribery and corruption. All employees are required to adhere 

to Anti-Bribery &amp; Corruption (“ABC”) Policy and to report violations of the ABC Policy. 

Any employee who fails to report known or suspected violations may be subject to 

disciplinary action, including termination of employment. Our Supplier Code of Conduct 

also lays out the same expectations for our suppliers and contractors and persons who 

act on their behalf.  

Guidelines relating to the receipt and offer of gifts and entertainment are also stated 

to ensure that all business dealings and decisions legitimately conducted and made 

for the interest of SingPost, are not conducted and made under any improper influence 

or advantage. 

 

Our Code of Ethics describes the importance of protecting the interest of the company 

and safeguarding sensitive and confidential information as an employee of the company. 

Employees are expected to conduct themselves in a professional manner with utmost 

integrity and total commitment to the Code. 

SingPost requires employees to disclose situations where they are placed in a 

conflict of interest or involved in one which could potentially lead to a conflict of 

interest. All employees are required to make such declarations annually and to 

update such disclosures where appropriate.  

Our Whistle-blowing Policy sets out the guidelines under which our employees, 

stakeholders and members of the public are able to raise concerns about possible 

matters of improprieties or wrongdoings in confidence. The whistle-blowing channel 

is published on our website and accessible 24/7. Reports can be made via email or 

by post. All whistle-blowing reports are reviewed by the Audit Committee to ensure 

independent investigations are done and issues are adequately resolved. 

For more information, please refer to the corporate governance policies on our 

website www.singpost.com. 

Target

Performance

Uphold anti-corruption and 

ethical behaviour

Rolled out ABC Policy and Annual ABC Declarations 

group-wide in FY2018/19.

Communication and training 

about anti-corruption policies 

and procedures

Continued oversight through timely reporting, 

and tabling of such reporting, as appropriate, to 

the Audit Committee. A risk register has been 

developed to create a direct line of sight by the 

Board Risk &amp; Technology Committee of 

anti-bribery and corruption risks.


15

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

3.3 Business Continuity Planning

It is important that disasters and threats are considered in our risk management as our business 

performance may be severely affected, which potentially undermines the safety of stakeholders 

such as our employees and customers. To mitigate this, business continuity planning aids us 

in preventing and managing the risks and impact of operational disruptions to SingPost. 

It also enables quick recovery and resumption of critical business functions to fulfil our 

business obligations and maintain our stakeholders’ confidence. 

The Board Risk &amp; Technology Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight 

responsibilities on risk management. A risk management system that sets the scaffold to 

managing risk within our organisation has been established. For more details, please 

refer to the Risk Management section of our Annual Report. 

The Board and the Management own the management of the key risks to the continuity 

of SingPost’s operation. Department heads take ownership of the management of 

key risks to their departments, and review and sign off their own business continuity 

plans (“BCP”) at least once a year. Department heads are required to ensure that 

their staff understand their roles and responsibilities in the BCP. All BCPs are periodically 

tested, documented and maintained.  

SingPost has revised the Business Continuity Management governance structure to 

oversee the business continuity planning process, and has appointed appropriate chains 

of command during times of emergencies.   

Our Business Continuity Management framework mitigates and minimises the impact of 

operational disruptions to our business and ensures a quick recovery and continuation 

of critical business functions for the fulfilment of our business obligations. 

Figure 7: Business continuity management governance structure



Board Risk 

&amp; 

Technology 

Committee

Responsible for and oversees 

crisis management and business 

continuity of organisation

Comprises representatives 

from business and support 

units, subsidiaries

International subsidiaries 

form their individual crisis 

management workgroups

and report to the Crisis 

Management Team in 

Singapore

Supports Crisis 

Management Team











International 

Subsidiaries’ 

Crisis 

Management 

Workgroups

Execution 

Committee

Crisis 

Secretariat

Crisis 

Management 

Team

CEO 

(Postal Services 

and Singapore)


16

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

3.3 Business Continuity Planning (Cont’d)

The scope of the Group’s business continuity planning covers the following four 

areas. Detailed response plans have been put in place for each potential disruption.  

Target

Performance 

Review, finalise and institute 

Business Continuity Plan 

framework

In the process of refreshing the members of the 

Execution Committee and reviewing the BCPs of 

business units. Expected to complete by end 

FY2019/20.

Conduct disaster recovery 

exercises for critical IT 

systems by March each 

year

Successfully conducted exercise in FY2018/19.

Component

Scope

Emergency Response

Focus on immediate response to incidents such as fire 

or explosion which may involve staff evacuation.

IT Disaster Recovery

Focus on restoring critical IT systems after a disaster 

occurs.

Workplace Safety &amp; Health

Focus on precautionary measures to minimise workplace 

disruptions due to infectious diseases and haze.

Business Continuity

Focus on rapid recovery and resumption of critical 

business functions for fulfilment of business obligations.


17

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

Our People

Our people are integral to driving SingPost’s transformation. To ensure that SingPost 

maintains a sustainable and future-ready workforce, we have in place a “PRIDE” 

framework (Figure 8).  

An accelerated development programme called iLead, comprising a series of 

developmental interventions over 12 to 18 months to help selected team members 

deepen their competencies and prepare them for future leadership roles within 

the Group, is in place to build our talent pipeline. 

We hire and reward based on merit, and actively promote fair employment practices. 

SingPost is a signatory to the Employers’ Pledge of Fair Employment Practices by the 

Tripartite Alliance for Fair &amp; Progressive Employment Practices (“TAFEP”).  

We have a strong and diverse workforce with employees from various races and ages. 

Gender composition was relatively balanced among total employee strength. Among 

middle and senior management, approximately 40% were female.  

A significant portion of the organisation’s activities is performed by our own employees. 

As at FY2018/19, our staff strength in Singapore was 4,135, compared to 4,210 in 

FY2017/18. The slight decrease in employee numbers was due to natural attrition 

and alignment of the manpower base to the Group’s business and operating needs 

as we seek to improve our competitiveness. 

 

Providing top talent across the Group

For talent pool and leadership bench strength, and succession pipeline

Rewarding for performance 

For a high performance culture to achieve business results

I nstilling a lean HR operating system 

For scalable and efficient processes through leveraging technology

Developing and growing our talent 

For enhanced managerial and talent capability, and opportunities for growth

Engaging every employee in our transformation 

For high engagement and organisational drive

Figure 8: SingPost’s “PRIDE” framework


18

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

FY2016/17

FY2017/18

FY2018/19

Number of employees

- Male

- Female

4,676

49%

51%

4,210

50%

50%

4,135

52%

48%

FY2016/17

FY2017/18

FY2018/19

Part Time

- Male

- Female

1,194

13%

87%

973

11%

89%

1,065

18%

82%

4 

Our People (Cont’d)

FY2016/17

FY2017/18

FY2018/19

Full Time

- Male

- Female

3,482

62%

38%

3,237

62%

38%

3,070

64%

36%

FY2016/17

FY2017/18

FY2018/19

Permanent

- Male

- Female

2,911

66%

34%

2,723

66%

34%

2,694

68%

32%

Total number of employees by employment contract and gender

FY2016/17

FY2017/18

FY2018/19

Temporary

- Male

- Female

1,765

22%

78%

1,487

22%

78%

1,441

23%

77%

Permanent vs Temporary

Full Time vs Part Time


19

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

Our Operational Excellence



5.1  Product and Service Innovation

Innovation is at the core of SingPost’s transformation strategy. We are committed to driving 

innovation in all aspects of our business and operations as we adapt and grow in the 

fast-changing business landscape, particularly in this age of technological disruption. 

Innovation will bring added value, enable us to deliver better product and services to meet 

customer expectations, help drive productivity and efficiency in the organisation and provide 

us with a competitive edge. 

Technological initiatives in relation to product and service innovation are led by the digital 

team consisting of business developers, business analysts and other developers. Product 

teams in various business units oversee product and service innovation while the 

Continuous Improvement and Innovation team in the Postal and Singapore operations 

works to build robust processes and systems for the future. 

Investments in new technologies are made to improve productivity, service quality 

and customer experience. Over the years, SingPost has invested in upgrading its mail 

sorting equipment and has developed a state-of-the-art fully automated parcel sorting 

and warehousing facility at its eCommerce Logistics Hub. Our post offices and self-service 

automated machines have been continually upgraded to offer better customer 

experience, with new technologies and services introduced. The POPStation network of 

smart parcel lockers was also rolled out throughout Singapore over the last few years.

New products and services are introduced to tap growing trends such as burgeoning 

eCommerce demand. The Company has developed its eCommerce logistics offerings 

locally and in the region, and offered new packaging products and solutions to cater to 

the growing demand for eCommerce deliveries.   

This year, we invested in and introduced several innovation initiatives, including two 

major projects – Last Mile Platform (“LaMP”) and SmartPost (refer to case studies 

for more information), which are key components of SingPost’s digital strategy 

in the evolving business and operational landscape.  

We aim to explore and launch new initiatives in our product and service offerings regularly. 

In our evaluation of new initiatives, we monitor indicators such as service levels, system 

responsiveness and customer satisfaction.  


20

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

SingPost’s SmartPost solutions

5.1 Product and Service Innovation (Cont’d)

SmartPost is an integrated suite of solutions that harnesses mobile and digital 

technologies in a proprietary mobile app for our postmen’s use. Over 1,000 postmen 

have been equipped with smart phones loaded with the app. 

 

SmartPost allows tracking, operational and productivity data to be logged in real 

time. NFC tags will be installed at more than 50,000 delivery and collection 

points across the island. 

The enhanced data generates insights for better optimisation of delivery operations 

and enables more individualised performance incentives for employees, leading to 

overall improvements in service quality. Customers benefit from faster and more 

reliable deliveries through real-time status updates. 

Additional features are being developed to provide delivery alerts and status 

updates by SMS, email and/or electronic notifications to collect missed deliveries, 

in place of the physical delivery notes that are currently used.  




21

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

5.2 Data Security and Privacy

As cyber-attacks become more prevalent, it is important to mitigate these potential risks. We are 

committed to safeguarding the data privacy of our stakeholders and these include information 

such as confidential or sensitive corporate data, as well as personal data of customers, employees 

and stakeholders.  

To ensure data protection for all our stakeholders, the Board Risk &amp; Technology 

Committee provides oversight to risk management, while the Group Chief Digital 

and Technology Officer, Group Data Protection Officer and all departments are 

responsible for integrating the approach in daily operations. 

 

Our Privacy Policy, also available on our website, complies with the Personal Data 

Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”). Our feedback channel is published on our website, and 

report can be made by post, email or telephone. 

 

Our legal, compliance and operation teams continually review the workflow and 

processes to ensure that we comply with the General Data Protection Regulation 

(GDPR EU regulation 2016/679). Team members handling personal data regularly 

consult the Group Data Protection Officer on issues relating to the protection of 

customer data based on feedback received. This process enables us to review, evaluate 

and update our processes on a continual basis. 

As part of the Group’s enterprise risk management (“ERM”) framework, policies and 

manuals have been put in place and communicated to all employees. 

Board Risk and 

Technology Committee

Comprises directors with competencies in risk management 

and technology.

Provides oversight with respect to risk management and to 

the role of technology in executing the business strategies 

of the Group.

Group Data Protection 

Officer and all 

departments

Responsible for integrating the approach in daily operations

Group Chief Digital and 

Technology Officer

Overall in-charge of Group IT strategy and the computer 

systems required to support the organisation’s 

objectives.

Ensures the integrity of all IT systems, and that data is 

secured and protected.


22

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

5.2 Data Security and Privacy (Cont’d)

We review and update our policies yearly to ensure relevance to any developments 

on the regulations or improvements to procedures and practices. 

Employees are constantly reminded of the importance of data security and protection 

through the following initiatives: 

•	

Online	 training:	 Employees	 with	 Internet	 access	 are	 assigned	 online	 training	

 

modules and their progress is tracked. 

 

•	

New	 hire	 onboarding	 training:	 New	 employees	 are	 trained	 on	 data	 security	

 

protection during their orientation sessions. 

 

•	

Email	updates:	Regular	email	updates	are	sent	to	all	employees	on	topics	such	

 

as compliance with PDPA and general security awareness. 

Policies/Manuals

Purpose of the Policy

Privacy Policy

Provides information relating to collection, use, 

and disclosure of personal data; complies with 

PDPA 2012.

Information System (“IS”) Security 

Policy

Protects information systems and assets in a 

consistent and professional manner across the 

SingPost Group of companies.

SingPost ERM Manual

Provides detailed information on the ERM strategy, 

governance structure and processes that are used 

to support the management of risks.

Information Classification and 

Handling Policy

Provides guidance on classifying information and 

the appropriate handling for the various levels 

of classified information to protect them from 

unauthorised access.

SingPost PDPA Handbook

Provides information on SingPost’s framework of 

compliance to PDPA.

Target

Performance

No data breaches

Zero breaches on data security.

Compliance with PDPA

In FY2018/19, we received eight cases relating to 

infringement of PDPA obligations referred by the Personal 

Data Protection Commission. These cases were mainly 

due to human lapses, such as personal data being shown 

on the exterior of package delivered and failure to meet 

Do-Not-Call provision.

In response to these incidents, SingPost will review:  

•

existing processes to identify if sufficient and reasonable 

controls are in place to mitigate future occurrence of 

similar incidents;

•

adequacy of existing PDPA governance framework/

structure put in place to oversee PDPA in the Group; and

•

adequacy of Group policies and procedures put in place 

to address risk hotspots over handling of client and 

employee data.


23

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

5.3 Responsible Supply Chain

As a provider of eCommerce logistics and trusted communications, we form an integral part of our 

customers’ supply chain. For SingPost to provide a reliable service, build trust with our stakeholders 

and deliver value to them, we recognise the need to select suppliers and partners who share our values 

and principles, and commit to responsible practices.   

 

Our Group Procurement function plays a pivotal role in SingPost’s supply chain management. 

It provides oversight over the purchasing processes, establishing and implementing the 

provisions laid out in the Group Procurement Policy. The team works with all departments 

in the Group to procure goods, works and services in the most cost effective and timely 

manner, and ensures that the contractual terms and conditions for the procurement 

comply with standard terms of contract and the requirements of the departments.

The SingPost Purchasing Manual sets out the objectives, overall approach, key principles 

and procedures for the acquisition of goods, works and services related to the operations 

of the Group’s entities. Our Procurement Manual commits all directors and employees 

who are involved with the procuring of goods and services to follow the principles that 

our actions are: 

• 

able to support operational needs;

•	

not	illegal;	

•	

accountable,	transparent	and	auditable;	

•	

ethical;	

•	

environmentally	friendly;	

•	

able	to	uphold	social	responsibility;	

•	

economically	effective;	

•	

capable	of	being	managed	from	a	risk	perspective;

•	

capable	of	being	improved	continuously;	and

•	

undertaken with adherence to the highest level of ethical standards and adoption 

 

of a fair and equitable treatment of suppliers.

The Purchasing Policy and Procedures Manual was reviewed and updated in November 

2018. We review the policy and procedures at least once a year to ensure that we maintain 

relevance to developments in the marketplace. 

Supplier Code of Conduct

The Supplier Code of Conduct is an important element of our supplier management approach.

The contents of our Supplier Code of Conduct are based on the principles set out 

in the United Nations Global Compact with respect to Human Rights, Labour, Environment 

and Anti-Corruption. The Supplier Code of Conduct allows our values and principles to be 

embedded in our supply chain and addresses the following key sustainability agenda: 

• 

Law and regulations;

•	

Ethical	standards;

•	

Health	and	safety;

•	

Environment;

•	

Human	rights,	discrimination	and	labour	standards;	and

•	

Business	continuity	planning.

In entering into a contract with SingPost and accepting our Conditions of Contract, 

our suppliers would have been deemed to have accessed and are ready to comply with 

the Supplier Code of Conduct. Our Conditions of Contract further compels suppliers 

to comply with and support the provisions of the PDPA. For more information, please refer 

to the Supplier Code of Conduct found on our website www.singpost.com. 

In FY2018/19, we engaged a total of 806 suppliers in our operations, an increase from 

704 suppliers in FY2017/18. Actual spend also increased by 26% over the same 

period. Both increases reflect the higher activity level of the business. Despite the addition 

of 102 suppliers to support the operations, the concentration of business spend with key 

suppliers continued from the previous year’s effort, with 8% of the suppliers accounting 

for 80% of the spend in FY2018/19, as compared to 10% of suppliers in FY2017/18. This 

enables SingPost to better leverage our buying power and economies of scale with our 

key suppliers. 

 

It is necessary for our suppliers and partners to observe, work towards and adhere to 

our social and environmental agenda laid out in our Supplier Code of Conduct. We established 

a risk-based approach to assess and follow up on selected suppliers’ observation of the 

Supplier Code of Conduct. We also piloted on-site assessments to evaluate the performance 

of selected suppliers in implementing appropriate standards for the protection of health, 

safety and environment. Suppliers that we assessed have adequately implemented the 

required standards in the areas of concern. We will continue to apply the risk-based 

approach and conduct assessments on other suppliers. We are also looking at leveraging 

technology and knowledge bases to monitor suppliers’ performance in the other criteria 

of the Supplier Code of Conduct. Such solutions will support our decisions in partnering 

with the right suppliers for a sustainable supply chain. 

Target

Performance

Screen selected suppliers on health, 

safety and environmental criteria

Developed a risk-based approach to assess and 

follow up on selected suppliers’ observation of 

the Suppliers Code of Conduct.


24

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

Our Customers 

6.1 Customer Satisfaction

Customers form the foundation of our business success. The satisfaction of customers to our 

products and services is critical to the sustainability of our business, influencing reputation, 

financial performance and overall success. It is important for SingPost to uphold customers’ 

trust, and not only meet but also exceed customer expectations. Customer feedback provides 

data points to help the company identify improvements in its operations, products and service.  

We are committed to driving higher service standards organisation-wide to improve 

overall customer satisfaction. As the Public Postal Licensee providing the country’s 

postal services, SingPost is committed to meeting the Quality of Service standards set by 

the IMDA.  

The Customer Experience team, reporting to CEO (Postal Services and Singapore), works 

alongside our operational units on customer relations management, customer insights 

and quality service management, and works with the Continuous Improvement and 

Innovation team to utilise lean management, business intelligence and digital 

innovation to create a seamless and consistent customer experience centred on 

customers’ needs. The Customer Service team, also reporting to CEO (Postal Services 

and Singapore) with a dotted line reporting to CEO (Quantium Solutions), 

manages customer service issues and contact centre operations. 

SingPost has several initiatives to measure and manage overall customer satisfaction, 

such as the Voice of Customer (“VOC”), Voice of Internal Customer (“VOIC”), Cross 

Functional Group and Quarterly Cross Functional Group, to address customer pain 

points and drive improvement. Various channels available for customers to express their 

grievances include the hotline, feedback form on the website, email and whistle-blowing 

channels. 

In our evaluation of these approaches, overall customer satisfaction measurements 

across all key customer touchpoints, including information on outlining of key 

operational metrics (e.g. postal related grievances and self-service automated 

Voice of Customer and Voice of Internal Customer 

SingPost conducts two surveys – VOC and VOIC to measure customer experiences 

externally and internally. 

 

VOC measures annual business-to-business (“B2B”) customer experience over 

the lifetime of a corporate customer, and monthly business-to-consumers 

(“B2C”) customer experience over a specific event or transaction. VOC consolidates 

the verbatim from B2B customers according to promoter, passive and detractor 

comments. 

 

VOIC measures internal customer service, or the working experience between 

SingPost and subsidiaries, and between business units and support units. This 

survey involves more than 400 participants from 28 departments. Departments 

receive their Net Promoter Score (“NPS”), a customer loyalty metric that gauges 

how willing a customer is to recommend a product or service and are 

expected to work towards improving their service performance annually. 



machines (“SAM”) downtime), are consolidated and circulated to management monthly. 

Year-on-year performance is evaluated across these touchpoints. 

 

Since 2015, SingPost has won the Universal Postal Union’s Express Mail Service 

Customer Care Award in recognition of the quality of our customer service call centre. 

SingPost front-line staff have also been consistent winners in the Excellence Service 

Award – Retail (“EXSA”), a national award managed by the Singapore Retailers 

Association and supported by Enterprise Singapore. In 2018, a total of 106 post office 

staff received the EXSA awards, of which 109 were Star, five were Gold and 

two were Silver awards.  


25

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

6.1 Customer Satisfaction (Cont’d)

Postal service issues in FY2018/19

In the second half of FY2018/19, there was considerable public attention 

on postal service issues. In February and March 2019, IMDA imposed 

financial penalties of S$100,000 and S$300,000 on SingPost for missing 

the Quality of Service standards in 2017 and 2018 respectively. 

We took immediate measures to address the most pressing issues, with a 

focus on stabilising operations, and achieved some improvements in our 

operational metrics. Some of the immediate measures included the hiring of 

240 new postmen and enhancing postmen’s remuneration, as well as 

improving parcel collection experience at the post offices by increasing the 

number of dedicated counters and staff. Delivery slots for basic mail 

parcels were also extended to weekday evenings and on Saturdays.  

To ensure a strong and dedicated focus on front-line operations and customer 

experience, the Postal division was restructured with dedicated departments 

to raise service quality. This includes the Service Excellence team (to review, 

develop and standardise all training, on-boarding, standard operating 

procedure and to provide dedicated focus to service quality), Customer 

Experience team (for customer insights, customer journey management 

and customer relations management), and Customer Service team (to manage 

customer service issues and contact centre operations). 

A fundamental longer term review of SingPost’s mail operations has been 

undertaken to meet the demands of the evolving postal landscape and 

change in mail profile. We have developed a roadmap on the future of 

domestic mail operations, built on technology and focused on delivering 

a much improved customer experience. 

The company is exploring initiatives such as smart letterboxes and infrastructure 

upgrades, community engagement between the postmen and residents, 

and a new digital channel for residents to know their postmen and 

leave feedback. Changes to work flow will be made with segregation 

of letterbox and doorstep deliveries to optimise delivery routes, ease postmen’s 

workload and increase successful deliveries. Postal products will be 

streamlined to aid the new workflow. 

Target

Performance

Meet or exceed Quality of Service 

standards set by IMDA:

In 2018, SingPost did not meet the following 

standards:

-

99% of local basic letters 

delivered to an address within 

Central Business District (“CBD”) 

and 98% outside CBD by the next 

working day

-

Did not deliver 99% of local basic letters 

within CBD by the next working day in 

four months.

-

100% of local basic and registered 

basic letters delivered by the 

second working day

-

Did not deliver 100% of local basic 

letters by the second working day in nine 

months, and  100% of registered basic 

letters by the second working day in four 

months.

-

99% of international incoming 

basic letters received before 3pm 

at Singapore Post Centre delivered 

to an address within the CBD and 

98% outside the CBD by the next 

working day

-

Did not deliver 99% of international 

incoming basic letters within the CBD by 

the next working day in three months.

-

100% of international outgoing 

basic letters despatched by next 

working day


26

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

Our Environment 

Our postal and eCommerce logistics operations invariably impact the environment through 

our energy consumption and associated greenhouse gas emissions (“GHG”). In Singapore,

the projected business-as-usual greenhouse gas emissions are expected to reach 77.2 million 

tonnes in 2020, with the transport sector expected to account for 14.5%5. Commercial 

vehicles accounted for approximately 26% of land transport carbon emissions in Singapore6. 

We are conscious of our environment impact across our value chain, and are committed to

taking steps to reduce our impact, especially in the areas of fuel consumption and GHG emissions. 

This report covers energy consumption and GHG emissions across all our business units 

in Singapore.  

The Environment Committee, made up of representatives from operating units across 

the organisation, maintains oversight over SingPost’s environmental responsibility and 

its promotion within the Group. Fuel and energy consumption are managed and 

monitored by the various operating units such as the conveyance and delivery 

teams in Post &amp; Parcel, Famous Holdings and by the Property division. 

Our Environmental Policy articulates our primary environmental objectives which focus 

on operational, fleet and building efficiency and stakeholder collaboration. The policy 

can be found on our website www.singpost.com. 

5 

Source: National Climate Change Secretariat (“NCCS”)

6 

Source: Ministry of Transport / NCCS 

7.1 Fuel Usage, Energy Consumption and Associated Greenhouse Gas Emissions

In line with global and local efforts to reduce GHG emissions, SingPost has set a target 

of a 35% reduction in its absolute GHG emissions from FY2017/18 base line levels by

FY2029/30. To achieve this, we are continually looking into initiatives that we can adopt 

to improve our energy efficiency and reduce GHG emissions. We started a study on 

electric delivery vehicles as part of our plan for the reduction of fuel carbon emissions 

and are exploring the installation of solar photovoltaic systems in the Regional 

eCommerce Logistics Hub and Singapore Post Centre. 

Target for FY2029/30

Performance

Reduce absolute GHG emissions 

by 35% from FY2017/18 

baseline level

Scope 1: 3,762 tonnes CO2 equivalent  

Scope 2: 20,368 tonnes CO2 equivalent

We recorded an increase in absolute GHG 

emissions in FY2018/19. SingPost is developing an 

environmental blueprint to work towards its target 

of achieving 35% reduction in absolute GHG 

emissions. 


27

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

7.1 Fuel Usage, Energy Consumption and Associated Greenhouse Gas Emissions (Cont’d)

7 

Scope 1 covers all direct GHG emissions by the Group. Scope 2 covers indirect GHG emissions from the consumption of purchased electricity or other energy sources. Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions are calculated using 

 

emission factor approach; Scope 1 fuel emission factors are sourced from IPCC 2006 and Scope 2 grid emission factor is sourced from Energy Market Authority, 11 July 2018. 

 

8 

Stationary combustion accounts for less than 1% of total fuel consumption which is mainly attributed to diesel for back-up generators. 

Fleet Fuel Consumption and Associated Scope 1 GHG Emissions7 

We utilise our own fleet of vehicles as well as leased vehicles. We also engage 

subcontractors for some of our delivery operations. Our fleet fuel consumption 

accounts for more than 99% of total fuel consumption8. This data is only from 

our own fleet of vehicles as well as leased vehicles under our operational control; 

operations of our subcontractors have been excluded.  

In FY2018/19, SP Parcels was moved from the Logistics segment to Post &amp; Parcel 

(previously Postal), hence the increase in Post &amp; Parcel’s fuel consumption and GHG 

emissions, and the corresponding decrease for Logistics. Our overall increase in fuel 

consumption during the year was attributed to the increase in deliveries as a result of 

business growth. Consequently, our Scope 1 GHG emissions have risen due to the 

higher fuel consumption. 

Figure 9: Breakdown of fuel consumption and fuel GHG emissions in 

FY2016/17, FY2017/18 and FY2018/19 

Fuel Consumptions &amp; Scope 1 GHG Emissions

FY2016/17

FY2017/18

FY2018/19

Group Fuel Consumption (TJ)

- Post &amp; Parcel

- Logistics

50.87

22.23

28.64

49.36

22.50

26.86

51.12

36.02

15.10

Group Scope 1 GHG Emissions 

(tonnes CO2 equivalent)

- Post &amp; Parcel

- Logistics

3,745

1,620

2,125

3,633

1,640

1,993

3,762

2,639

1,123









Fuel Consumptions &amp; Scope 1 GHG Emissions (Group)

Fuel Consumption (TJ)

Scope 1 GHG Emissions (tonnes CO2 equivalent)

0

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

80

4,000

3,500

3,000

FY2016/17

FY2017/18

FY2018/19

50.87

49.36

51.12

3,745

3,633

3,762


28

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

7.1 Fuel Usage, Energy Consumption and Associated Greenhouse Gas Emissions (Cont’d)

9 

Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions are calculated using emission factor approach; the Scope 1 fuel emission factors are sourced from IPCC 2006 and the Scope 2 grid emission factor is sourced from Energy Market Authority 

 

(“EMA”) 27 June 2017.

10 

The  relevant data of our other corporate functions (e.g. head office, data centre) have been combined with the Postal category in the above charts for reporting purpose.

11 

The electricity consumption and Scope 2 GHG emissions for FY2017/18 have been restated due to the omission of a property previously. 

Electricity Consumption and Associated Scope 2 GHG Emissions9

In addition to fleet fuel consumption, electricity purchased from the grid is the other 

main source of energy consumed at SingPost. The electricity consumption is mainly 

associated with our operations in our own buildings and leased space across 

Singapore. Our largest buildings are Singapore Post Centre, which houses the mail 

processing centre, a delivery base, General Post Office and our corporate headquarters 

including a small data centre10, as well as an office block and retail mall, and 

the Regional eCommerce Logistics Hub, an automated parcel sorting and warehousing 

facility. Other operating areas include six regional delivery bases, 56 post offices, 

13 self-storage solutions sites, two warehouses and an airmail transit centre.  

The retail mall in Singapore Post Centre began operations in FY2017/18 and recorded its 

first full year of operation in FY2018/19, contributing largely to the increase in electricity 

consumption for the year. As a result, our Scope 2 GHG emissions increased as well. 

Figure 10: The Group’s electricity consumption and electricity GHG emissions in 

FY2016/17, FY2017/1811 and FY2018/19 

Electricity Consumptions &amp; Scope 2 GHG Emissions

FY2016/17

FY2017/18

FY2018/19

Group Electricity Consumption (MWh)

- Post &amp; Parcel

- Logistics

30,753

22,365

8,387

40,429

30,419

10,010

48,093

38,481

9,612

Group Scope 2 GHG Emissions 

(tonnes CO2 equivalent)

- Post &amp; Parcel

- Logistics

13,051

9,492

3,559

17,158

12,910

4,248

20,368

16,331

4,037

Electricity Consumption &amp; Scope 2 GHG Emissions (Group)

70,000

20,000

17,158

20,368

60,000

50,000









Electricity Consumption (MWh)

Scope 2 GHG Emissions (tonnes CO2 equivalent)

0

15,000

5,000

FY2016/17

FY2017/18

FY2018/19

30,753

40,429

48,093

13,051

40,000

30,000

20,000

10,000

10,000


29

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

Our Community 

8.1 Community Investment

As a trusted organisation that has connected businesses, communities and people for over 

160 years, SingPost is committed to upholding its social responsibility to society. Our corporate 

social responsibility efforts contribute towards upholding the brand and perception of SingPost 

as a trusted intermediary with our stakeholders – customers, partners, government authorities and 

regulators, employees, the union and communities that we serve. 

We believe in community investments and initiatives that create shared value for our 

community, people and the company. Our community investment policy centres on 

three focus areas that reflect our values and expertise: Preserving Heritage, 

Environmental Sustainability and Community Support. These causes are representative 

of the legacy of the company, an expression of our business strategy and operations, 

and motivation of our staff.  

SingPost’s Corporate Giving

Philantrophy

Corporate

Volunteerism

In-kind Donations

Sponsorships

Cash

Donations

Figure 11: SingPost’s corporate giving overview

•	 Food	Distribution	Initiative

•	 Postman	Home	Visit	Initiative

•	 Senior@SmartPOs	engagement

•	 SP	Community	Day

•	 Singapore 

 

Philatelic Musuem

 

and other 

 

beneficiaries

•	 Venue	Partner

•	 Adhoc	mailings

Giving our Treasure, Time, Talent

Focusing on Heritage,

Environment, Community


30

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

8.1 Community Investment (Cont’d)

In FY2018/19, 249 staff volunteers clocked a total of 1,533 hours in various 

volunteerism activities. We gave over S$400,000 cash and in-kind donations. We have 

been a major corporate sponsor of the Singapore Philatelic Museum since 1995 

and a partner in Community Chest’s employee payroll donation matching programme, 

SHARE, since 2004. We continue to support the annual UTES – U Care Bursary 

awards, contributing S$80,000 towards bursaries for 221 children of our employees. 

Other means of support to partners and charity organisations included space 

sponsorship at our retail mall and auditorium for events by community partners, 

and donation tin placement at post offices. 

In evaluating our initiatives, feedback forms are provided after the various community 

events. Annual volunteer appreciation gatherings are organised to recognise the efforts 

of volunteers and obtain feedback. To measure our performance, we record the 

output data for the initiatives. For example, we record the number and length of visits 

made by each postman participating in the Postman Home Visits initiative, and collect 

data on the value of food saved for the Food Distribution initiative. 

Community Initiatives

Programme Silver

Initiatives to contribute towards addressing issues arising from the rapidly ageing 

population in Singapore

Postman Home Visit Initiative

Launched in December 2018, the initiative entails our postmen 

checking in on vulnerable seniors while on their delivery rounds.

Dementia awareness training

Training on dementia awareness is provided to encourage our 

frontliners to step up to help those who may be suffering from 

dementia/lost in their neighbourhood.

Seniors @Smart PO training

Volunteer staff conduct courses for active seniors to learn about

 new technologies and services.

Food Distribution Initiative

Our Food Distribution Initiative, which has been running for 10 years, taps on our 

delivery network to distribute unsold food from bakeries and hotels to collection 

centres for needy seniors and families several times a week.

Brown Bag Talks &amp; Experiential Sessions

To create empathy and raise awareness of social issues among our employees, 

we introduced quarterly brown bag talks and experiential sessions on community 

matters. 

SP Community Day

Annual mass volunteering activity for employee engagement, providing opportunities 

to give back to society.


31

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section of Report 

Page 

Reference

General Disclosures

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

Organisational profile

102-1

Name of the organisation

Singapore Post Limited

N.A.

102-2

Activities, brands, products, and services

Organisational Profile

4

102-3

Location of headquarters

Organisational Profile

4

102-4

Location of operations

SingPost Annual Report 2018/19

12-13

102-5

Ownership and legal form

Board Statement

3

102-6

Markets served

SingPost Annual Report 2018/19

12-13

102-7

Scale of the organisation

Organisational Profile 

Our People

SingPost Annual Report 2018/19

4

18

12-13

40

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

Our People

17-18

102-9

Supply chain

Responsible Supply Chain

23

102-10

Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain

SingPost Annual Report 2018/19

8-11

102-11

Precautionary Principle or approach

SingPost Annual Report 2018/19

73-75

102-12

External initiatives

Our People

18

102-13

Membership of associations

Stakeholder Engagement 

9

Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

Board Statement

3

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

Ethics and integrity

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour

Organisational Profile

4

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics 

Ethics, Anti-Bribery and Corruption

14

Governance

102-18

Governance structure

SingPost Annual Report 2018/19 

Sustainability Governance Structure 

Sustainability Governance Structure

46-49

8

8

102-30

Effectiveness of risk management processes 

Stakeholder engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder Engagement 

9

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

Approximately 51% of our staff are covered by collective bargaining agreement. 

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Stakeholder Engagement 

9

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder Engagement 

9

102-44

Key	topics	and	concerns	raised

SingPost Annual Report 2018/19

70-72

GRI Standards Content Index


32

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section of Report 

Page 

Reference

GRI 102: General 

Disclosures 2016

Reporting practice

102-45

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

SingPost Annual Report 2018/19

201-207

102-46

Defining report content and topic Boundaries

About the Report

3

102-47

List of material topics

Materiality Assessment

10-11

102-48

Restatements of information

Fuel Usage and Associated Greenhouse Gas Emissions (“GHG”)

28

102-49

Changes in reporting

About the Report 

3

102-50

Reporting period

About the Report 

3

102-51

Date of most recent report

SingPost Sustainability Report 2017/18

102-52

Reporting cycle

Annual

N.A.

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the report

About the Report

3

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards

About the Report

3

102-55

GRI content index

GRI Content Index

31-33

102-56

External assurance

About the Report

3

Topic-specific GRI Standard Disclosures

 Compliance with Laws and Regulations   

GRI 103: General 

Disclosures 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Materiality Assessment

10-11

103-2

The management approach and its components

Compliance with Laws and Regulations

12-13

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Compliance with Laws and Regulations

12-13

GRI 307: Environmental 

Compliance 2016

307-1

Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations

Compliance with Laws and Regulations

13

GGRI 419: Socioeconomic 

Compliance 2016

419-1

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic 

area

Compliance with Laws and Regulations

13

Ethics, Anti-bribery and Corruption

GRI 103: General 

Disclosures 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Materiality Assessment

10-11

103-2

The management approach and its components

Ethics, Anti-bribery and Corruption

14

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Ethics, Anti-bribery and Corruption

14

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 2016

205-2

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and 

procedures

Ethics, Anti-bribery and Corruption

14

Business Continuity Planning   

GRI 103: General 

Disclosures 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Materiality Assessment

10-11

103-2

The management approach and its components

Business Continuity Planning

15-16

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Business Continuity Planning

15-16

GRI Standards Content Index


33

SINGAPORE POST LTD Sustainability Report 2018/19

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Section of Report 

Page 

Reference

Product and Service Innovation

GRI 103: General 

Disclosures 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Materiality Assessment

10-11

103-2

The management approach and its components

Product and Service Innovation 

19-20

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Product and Service Innovation

19-20

Data Security and Privacy

GRI 103: General 

Disclosures 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Materiality Assessment

10-11

103-2

The management approach and its components

Data Security and Privacy

21-22

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Data Security and Privacy

21-22

GRI 418: Customer 

privacy

418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy 

and losses of customer data

Data Security and Privacy

22

Responsible Supply Chain       

GRI 103: General 

Disclosures 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Materiality Assessment

10-11

103-2

The management approach and its components

Responsible Supply Chain

23

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Responsible Supply Chain

23

GRI 308: Supplier 

Environmental 

Assessment

308-2

Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken

Responsible Supply Chain

23

GRI 414: Supplier Social 

Assessment

414-2

Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken 

Responsible Supply Chain

23

Customer Satisfaction

GRI 103: General 

Disclosures 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Materiality Assessment

10-11

103-2

The management approach and its components

Customer Satisfaction

24-25

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Customer Satisfaction

24-25

Fuel Usage and Associated Greenhouse Gas Emissions (from company controlled transport fleet)  

GRI 103: General 

Disclosures 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Materiality Assessment

10-11

103-2

The management approach and its components

Fuel Usage and Associated Greenhouse Gas Emissions (“GHG”)

26-28

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Fuel Usage and Associated Greenhouse Gas Emissions (“GHG”)

26-28

GRI 302: Energy

302-1

Energy consumption within the organisation

Fuel Usage and Associated Greenhouse Gas Emissions (“GHG”)

27-28

GRI 305: Emissions

305-1

305-2

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

Fuel Usage and Associated Greenhouse Gas Emissions (“GHG”)

Fuel Usage and Associated Greenhouse Gas Emissions (“GHG”)

27

28

Community Investment

GRI 103: General 

Disclosures 2016

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary

Materiality Assessment

10-11

103-2

The management approach and its components

Community Investment

29-30

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

Community Investment

29-30

GRI Standards Content Index




SINGAPORE POST LIMITED

Co. Reg. No. 199201623M

Registered Office:10 Eunos Road 8, Singapore Post Centre, Singapore 408600

www.singpost.com

